I was standing outside on Sunset Blvd. at Vine and looked straight up which I normally do not do. I saw three bright white lights in a ;1998-10-10 02:30:00;5 minutes;I was standing outside on Sunset Blvd. at Vine and looked straight up which I normally do not do. I saw three bright white lights in a perfect triangle moving slowly to the south east, following Sunset Blvd.  At first I thought it was a low airliner but there was no sound and no landing lights.  I called to the security guard to have another witness.  We both saw the lights, then they split up with two moving slowly to the east and the other to the west.  Then they appeared to stop and very slowly fade from sight (about 4 minutes)  I kept my eyes on them (the two that turned east) as long as I could and they just faded to nothing. The triangle of bright white lights that I saw appeared to be very low in comparison to an airliner flying over head.  The triangle appeared to be an equilateral triangle.  The brightness of each light was about that of the planet Venus. The size was of each was about 3 times the size of Venus.  When I first saw it,  the triangle appeared to be just to the right over another highrise that is across the street.  That highrise has about 20 floors and the triangle was easily as big as the top of the building from my perspective.  I was standing next to the highrise I work in and felt a tingling on my neck and a thought popped into my head to look up.  So I looked straight up the side of the building with my head all the way back and just at that moment the lights came into view.  I thought that plane looks low then I realized that a plane would have flashing lights and a more elongated triangle with the front point farther away than the back two.  But this thing had all the lights equally spaced like a formation.  I slowly moved from left to right and passed the top of the building across the street in about 20 seconds. I then called to the security guard who came out in time to see the triangle and then a few seconds later the lights on the triangle separated with two lights going left and one going right.  The lights that went left stayed the same distance apart and rotated slightly.  The security guard said Thats wierd and went back inside as I watched the lights that went left slowly fade to nothing.;34.0866;-118.34035
Dancing Lights  Los Angeles Triangle straight line always changing shape [sic];2004-03-09 03:12:00;15 min;Dancing Lights  Los Angeles Triangle straight line always changing shape [sic] I was standing on the roof of the Gershwin hotel facing south. I noticed an array of lights about 5 points of light e.g., [. . . . .] that seem to float slowly up then down, then it changed shape to triangle then again to two points of light then it would get really close to the ground then go really high. I looked at my watch and it was 3:12 am 3/09/2004 for about 15 min more minutes I was watching the dance of lights.[sic] It really was amazing to see. I thought maybe it was a Blimp or something of that nature, but I am convinced it was not. Furthermore it was really windy when viewing. Lights were at least 20 miles away, probably by LAX or over the ocean. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible advertising lights??  Witness indicates the date is approximate, even though he submitted report on the date of occurrence.  We do not understand.  PD));34.0866;-118.34035
Shape shifting balls possible UFO.;2017-02-10 19:00:00;3 mintues;Shape shifting balls possible UFO Ok. So I'm not 100% sure what I saw.  I am a pretty scientificly literate person.  I am going to explain what I saw in the best detail I can.  Mid-February sometime, I'm driving along the 101 highway near the Vermont exit in LA.  It's raining sort of heavy and all of the cars are going about 10-25mph.  I see an object floating in the distance.  It gets my attention because it's not moving at all, it's completely frozen/locked in position.  Mind you it was pretty windy and raining (rare in LA).  I squint to see what it is but can't make out any details.  At first I thought it was a balloon but a balloon would've been moving with the weather.  As I drove closer I pass under a bridge and it comes in to view about 50 feet over the next bridge.  As I drive closer I see this object.  The best way to describe it would be 3-5 balls in a vertical row connected to a central line that was not visible (imagine 2 balls on the left of the line,3 on the right).  The balls were literall! y merging and crisscrossing into each other repeatedly.  They were all metallic looking and I remember seeing red, a darkish blue and dark silver colors.  The rate at which these balls were merging was completely against the environment and unlike anything I've ever seen. The merging was slow and rhythmic. Kind of like a 1,2,3,4  of a waltz but half time.  I looked to see a line, maybe something it was connected to and saw nothing.  As I got closer those details got clearer to the point where I could actually see the balls enter into each other and coming out on the other side. I passed under the bridge it was floating over and never seen it again. Being a very sane person and someone who deeply values science and the scientific method I have been troubled by not being able to express exactly what it is I saw.  I live in Los Angeles and drive on this highway all the time.  I've never seen pictures or heard stories of anything like it.  Thanks for having somewhere I can put it down it writing.;34.0866;-118.34035
