Massive ufo sighting--very clear (ufo account is reported with a 30yr personal past of knowledge of sky objects.;2016-11-04 02:17:00;27 minutes;Massive ufo sighting- very clear  (ufo account is reported with a 30yr personal past of knowledge of sky objects, drones, aircraft, military aircrafts, astronomy, and the like)  after midnight location: downtown old Hollywood area near 101 fwy and franklin junction. i pulled my car into the 101 cafe on franklin blvd back parking lot which has a 30 degree and up view of a clear night sky with a west, north, and east. as i parked my car i quickly sighted a large blue white object in the nw sky about 35 degrees up from horizon through my wind shield. my iphone read 2:17am. instantly i jumped out to investigate and questioned to my partner what was in the sky. at the same time as i spoke this question, a female  witness at her car behind us joined in with us to question the same object as she just had spotted it as well. nw west toward the Hollywood bowl in the Hollywood hills- Mullholand Drive region an object was gracefully flying over those hills which was a clear mile distance from us. the object was flat. it's underbelly was a soft, radiant, blue white light in a honey-comed patterned shape. very faint aura around the object. the object's speed! , resembled the grace of a blimp, very directional and straight, yet very gradual and slow in shift of direction overall through the experience. the object was heading east towards us and it's speed was cruising, causal, slow, yet the light detail resembled a superstructure in a blue-white, honey-combed pattern that was entirely luminous. no landing lights, no blinking lights, no conventional aircraft resemblance. this was a solid, luminous shape that did not pulsate or change intensity in lumination or brightness. it moved gracefully without abrupt turns. just smooth, clearly indicating behavior of a large craft, like a aircraft carrier or blimp would, and like these examples, one realized it gained distance in a short amount of time. we were now 3 witnesses trying to identify the craft. we quickly agreed the craft was not anything we were ever familiar with, as we all have much flying experience. Iam a drone owner as well, and this was not the behavior of a drone with zig! zag action or it's type of lights. about a minute of observat! ion, we agreed the craft with this behavior easily was in the measurement of 100ft across at least as it dwarfed the structures below on the hills at an 1500-2000ft elevation above the hills. slowly and gradually the craft turned easily north east gradually gaining altitude as it flew over the 101FWY Cahuenga Pass. About after another minute it was clear the craft was gracefully gaining extreme altitude, and due to elevation it's craft detail was getting smaller as it finally settled over the Hollywood sign mountain. The craft peaked about 5000ft above the mountain and paused it's NE direction. it hovered still perfectly without a bump for about another minute. Through this time again the craft was gaining more altitude. about another 30 seconds of this slow climb, the craft slowly flew southward to our direction. the honey-combed lit pattered was so tiny from it's height, yet still identifiable. it's movement and behavior resembled that of high space satellite. the craft eventually! was now spotted by two more witnesses as they were entering the cafe, as we were all in agreement of tracking the craft. The slow path and asension ended directly above us about 7000-8000ft as it hovered in place for another 5 minutes. as the craft paused, to our view it parked itself near two stars creating an even triangle constellation of sorts. these two stars' location are the first pair NE of the orion left shoulder. after this pause the craft gained an altitude in where it now resembled that of a tiny satellite, or the size of the neighboring stars, and like a slow satellite it traveled directly west over west hollywood as it's slow path was just north of the Orion constellation. the object was exactly star size as it faded westward gaining altitude, yet still identifiable well past west of Hollywood Blvd & Fairfax blvd. the entire event was about 27 minutes as it was slow and gradual as stated before. i then cell phoned west Hollywood sheriff to report the sighting! and the officer stated there were no reports of the event. i ! then con tacted the next major airport at Burbank which was about 12 miles away. by this hour the airport has stopped it's regular commercial airline service at 10pm that night. i got through to Burbank tower security who accepted my story and he then transferred me to the actual tower. a stand by night watch tech took my call. I asked if anyone was watching radar in the south direction of 2:17am. he stated he wasn't watching radar at that time. iIdescribed my sighting to him, he sounded interested, but after he claimed he still never had evidence on radar, nor looked, therefore he stated he had to go and hung up on me. this craft had no similarity to the usual police helicopters or commercial aircraft that we see by the dozens daily in the area with our 3 major commercial airports. We do have Edwards afb but it's a 2 hours drive north. but this was no stealth plane outline nor was it the dark large air force x-baloon triangle ship. we haven't had lighted blimps in years since Goodye! ar stopped that action, nor could a blimp fly that hight out of sight or hover in place. it was not a large manned drone, as it would have been way too small in dimension, also the guide lights on a drone were not the same. nor could a drone have scaled that altitude for that duration and without one single abrupt zig zag kind movement. our sighting was a big luminous craft, with smooth acceleration, ending in high altitude without a flinch. lots of citizens in L.A., please respond if there are any other eyewitnesses. sighting was 2:17 - 2:45am 11/4/2016;34.0866;-118.34035
