I witnessed what I believed to be three stars at first.  Then they began to glide across the sky.;1999-06-06 19:00:00;20 minutes;I witnessed what I believed to be three stars at first.  Then they began to glide across the sky. I was attending a church concert and service on Sunday, June 6, 1999 with a couple of my girlfriends.  Around approximately 7pm, I just happened to look up in the sky for no apparent reason.  I saw what I believed to be a star in the eastern sky.  I then saw another and, then, one more.  I thought maybe I was seeing part of the Big Dipper or some other constellation.  I, then, remember thinking it was awful light out for me to be able to see stars. The weather was calm, very little wind.  It had been very warm that day and as the sun set, it got cooler.  There was not a cloud in the sky.  I was sitting facing the east.  I felt the sun setting on my back.  I was at the John Ansen Ford Amphitheatre in Hollywood, CA.  It sits off the 101 freeway up in the hills.  A large cross marks a hill nearby.  A large hill or small mountain scales up behind the stage. I looked up and saw the objects above the mountain.  The first one began to move towards us (WNW) and, then the second and third followed close behind.  I turned to my girlfriend and told her to look at them.  She thought they were balloons.  But then, the first one began to hover.  The second and third kept moving.  I could no longer see the third as I believe one of the lighting structures for the stage was blocking my view.  I told her there was no way they could be balloons because how could one just stay still and the other keep moving.  Then, the first one, which was stationary, started back in the opposite direction.  It was moving a little more swiflty than before but never very fast.  It was moving ESE. Then, the second kept moving WNW and the third came back into my line of vision.  It was following close behind.  The second one kept going until I couldn't see it for the structure of the building and the hills that surrounded.  The third one, then hovered in the same place that the first one had.  I, then, proceeded to show my other girlfriend who thought they were birds or stars.  I told her that birds don't go that high plus they don't hover in one place and that stars don't move.  She no longer paid attention to them as she was more interested in the concert.  She told me to stop looking at them but I didn't. Then, all of a sudden, the first one came back moving as swiftly as it did when it left.  It came back from the same direction it had disappeared to.  Once again, it was travelling WNW.  It passed by the third one (which was still hovering) very closely.  Then, the second one came back into view and they all started back in the ESE direction.  I, then, began to return more of my attention to the concert and every so often I would look up to see if they were still there.  Eventually, I looked up and I could no longer see them.  I don't know where they went after that point. The whole event lasted for approximately 20 minutes.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  I probably wouldn't have believed it if my friends would not have seen them also.  They looked just like moving stars.  They were graceful and smooth, almost entrancing.  I am just a 24 year old secretary.  I have never been interested in UFO's as a study.  Yet, I have always believed.  Now, I know.  I saw them with my own two eyes.  I know.;34.0866;-118.34035
unknown shape over the hollywood bowl.;2004-03-21 19:00:00;20 minutes;unknown shape over the hollywood bowl. we were hanging out in the hollywood bowl looking for the five planets, we saw a small black shape to the west of venus, its moved slowly to the left then it got to dark to see it anymore. Didnt look like a plane, it was not reflective at all, no lights, and too hi to be a balloon.;34.0866;-118.34035
Circular red object with green flashing light performs dazzling maneuvers over Hollywood. ((NUFORC Note:  Drone display.  PD));2019-01-31 18:00:00;6 minutes;Circular red object with green flashing light performs dazzling maneuvers over Hollywood. At approximately 18:00 hours, 6:00P.M. PST local time, I was sitting on my couch in my apartment when I noticed a circular well-lit red object, with a flashing green light beneath it, zip at a very high rate of speed across the horizon from south to north at an extremely accelerated rate.  It was at a modest altitude, clearly visible, approximately 3 to 4 miles due West.   It then began a series of aeronautical maneuvers directly over Hollywood Blvd. to the South, and Franklin Avenue to the north.  It then returned at that same high rate of speed then stopped in a totally frozen hover above Hollywood itself.   I opened my sliding glass door to my balcony to hear if it made the sound of a helicopter.  It made no sound whatsoever, all the while flashing a green light under its carriage.  It then accelerated straight up approximately 1000 feet immediately, again at extreme rates of speed, then began a series of ascending and descending aerobatic moves from a dead stop in both horizontal and vertical motions.  It in no way acted like a drone, helicopter, small aircraft, or military aircraft.  From my perspective it appeared to be the size of a small dirigible but not as large as a blimp.  It moved both smoothly, and dramatically quickly, far faster and more dynamic than any other aircraft I have seen.  It was able multiple times to stop on a dime and hover silently then accelerate to different altitudes and horizons on a grid.  And then quickly accelerated to the West and out of my visual range.   As a previous witness in 1978 of a translucent orbed object over the night sky of Simi Valley, California, I have had previous experience with be unique movement of these craft.  My sighting this evening falls into that category. I also know of one other individual who has seen and photographed an unidentified object in this same area a number of years ago, one that she shared with me that I was privy to.  Whatever this may have been, I felt it imperative! to report this at once on your site.  Thank you for all the work you do.  I will continue to do mine. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr Davenport, I just filled out a report regarding an object I saw over Hollywood this evening.  Upon further investigation, it appears there was a large-scale drone show at the same exact time which I was not privy to.  My most sincere apologies.  I'm extremely embarrassed that I didn't do a full investigation before reporting it on your site.  I take great pride in my ability to distinguish these things. Best wishes.  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));34.0866;-118.34035
