Classic Saucer over Hollywood at Christmas Season 1975;1975-12-01 04:00:00;1 minute?;Classic Saucer over Hollywood at Christmas Season 1975 It was Christmas season 1975, and I'd been living in an 1920s Bachelor  apartment building on Glencoe in the Hollywood Hills above the Cahuenga Pass, just south of the Hollywood Bowl.  From my 3rd story patio I had a terrific view of the Cahuenga Canyon - out across Hollywood and off toward the high rise buildings far off in Downtown Los Angeles. My 10 year old son was staying with me for the holiday and was asleep on the floor in a sleeping bag.  This night was one of those warm winter evenings, and the doors & windows were wide open. It was about 4:00 AM when I got up to use the bathroom then decided to step outside onto the patio to view the city light.  I was looking East & South. I stood on the patio for a few moments and looked downward from my hilltop location - Then, I was amazed to see the lights in the Cahuenga Pass slowly began to vanish?  It appeared that these lights below me were being eclipsed by some large oval black shape which passed over them, as it moved Southward & West around the mountain. Helicopter, I thought... or maybe The Goodyear Blimp?  But there wasn't any sound!  I listened for the 'copter's clatter, or the low-drone of the blimp...  but nothing. The shape kept moving around and below, across my path of vision.  It was probably 300 - 400 feet away.  I was very intrigued, as this made no sense, and no sound?  I could then see the general oval shape as the object passed and the canyon lights were again revealed behind it. Then, the object was directly before & below me (maybe 100 feet below my eyelevel), when I suddenly thought... Zeus!  It's a flying saucer!!! -  and then, THE SHIP'S LIGHTS POPPED ON!!! revealing a row of yellowish / pink WINDOWS?  which passed all around the thing! I tried to make some sense of it all ~ and I thought, It couldn't be the Good Year Blimp at 4:00 AM in the Morning!!!... It's a bloody Saucer!!! Then, 2 rows of Colored Lights (Red & Blue, I think) popped-on, and started to marquee - first in one direction, then the other.  All the while, the Saucer continued to pass before my line of sight... I could see (sort-of) inside the Ship - but by now, I was positive this was all a strange hallucination.  So, I ran back inside the apartment and wakened my 10 year old son...  (Trying not to frighten him from sleep) Jaes!  Wake-up!  Quick! What is it, Dad? Quick! - I took his hand and we hurried back outside on the patio... but by now the saucer / object had passed out of view, and around the side of the Hollywood Hills to across West Hollywood and ??? I sat up with my son for a while & we talked about what I'd seen.  He believed me, but it was / is still hard for me to believe what I'd seen.  Even 25 years later - I wonder?;34.0866;-118.34035
Black, saucer-shaped UFO over Hollywood hills and Griffith Park.;2010-08-14 20:00:00;10 minutes;Black, saucer-shaped UFO over Hollywood hills and Griffith Park. My wife told me she was driving through Mulholland Canyon from Hollywood to Burbank and saw a black, cigar-shaped object about 50 feet wide traveling toward the Griffith Park Observatory.  It stopped occasionally and rocked back and forth before proceeding in the same direction.  She tried to film it but her cell phone video camera (mysteriously) wouldn't work.  It finally went behind the hill by Griffith Park and did not come back into view.  She is sure it was not a blimp, plane or helicopter because of the rocking motion it made, and because it was clearly saucer shaped, like two equal sized saucers stuck together.  It should also be noted that she is a Christian and previously a staunch non-believer in extra-terrestrial life.  She was so excited, she called me and I got on the roof of our house in Burbank but could see nothing.  However, I did see a helicopter over the hills, which may have been sent to investigate.  She then picked me up and we drove ! back to the canyon lookout point where she saw it.  However, we saw nothing in the sky after looking for 20-30 minutes.;34.0866;-118.34035
