Viewed a green fireball fall from the sky.;1998-09-23 20:55:00;6 - 8 seconds;Viewed a green fireball fall from the sky. I live in the hills above Hollywood and was sitting in front of our large floor-to-ceiling living room picture windows which faces south over Hollywood.  I was minutes away from viewing Rivera Live on CNBC which starts at 21:00, that's how I took note of the time.   I was looking out the picture window into the sky as I often do checking out the helicopters and airplane lights in the distance when all of a sudden what looked like a falling star fell about a 1/2 a mile in front of me falling from the North to the Southeast.  It was green fireball emitting a gold haze with a gold tail.  It fell for approx. 6 to 8 seconds and then just disappeared.   I immediately yelled to my husband that I had just seen something that looked like a falling star except that it was green and big. I said it was something strange, something I'd never seen before.  The size of it:  If I held my hand out at arm's length and put my thumb and forefinger together and looked through them, it would be the size of a 1 diameter marble.;34.0866;-118.34035
Brilliant ball of light streaks across the sky and disappears over the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Meteor??  Other reports.  PD));2007-03-01 23:30:00;2 Seconds;I  was just out in my back yard in Hollywood, CA at 8:30pm Thursday night. I looked up at the sky and saw a brilliant ball of light streak across the sky and disappear over the horizon. It was not a shooting star but much lower and moving at a very fast pace.  There was no sound and no trail. It was not a plane or a helicopter. Just thought I should tell someone. ((NUFORC Note:  Meteor??  Other reports.  PD));34.0866;-118.34035
6 Beautiful red orb geometric formation fleet hovering over the Hollywood hills.  Los Angeles, CA.;2012-12-31 23:54:00;5 minutes;6 Beautiful red orb geometric formation fleet hovering over the Hollywood hills.  Los Angeles, CA. Los Angeles, Hollywood hills, New Years Eve 2012.  I was with 5 friends at a new years eve party overlooking the Hollywood sign.  Standing outside around 11:30 pm, my friends and I along with about 5 random others watched a red orb make its way up the mountain by the Hollywood sign.  It struck us as odd as there was no way a car or anything like that can gain access to the hills especially around the sign, so we all watched the Orb light trying to figure out what it was.   After the orb moved up to the top of the mountain it just kept going up over the mountain, now hovering.  The light was a bright orangey red, however it was changing between a duller red and even white sometimes.  We all watched until the the orb finally dissintergrated into nothing.  Everyone was convinced this orb was &quotnot of this planet&quot.  We were speechless, and excited. After this, my 3 friends and I left the party right before the ball dropped at midnight.  We left the house, and drove up around the block (headed in the direction to where we saw the initial orb).  Still overwhelmed and excited about the first orb, as we turned the corner, I looked to my right and saw 6 more!  In a perfect geometric formation hovering directly over us on the street.   We pulled over in awe, and couldn't quite comprehend what was happening except we now knew, for sure, this was other-worldy.  We watched for a good five minutes as the orbs changed patterns and colors, so bright, so vivid and so realistic, there was no explaination other than UFO something or other.  One by one, the orbs dissintergrated within the formation until they were all gone.   IT was one of the most fantastic, beautiful, eerie and wonderful things any of us had ever seen.  It wasn't scary or threatening, more peaceful and knowing.  It was definetely the greatest nye i've ever experienced. I even walked away with an amazing photograph!;34.0866;-118.34035
