Friends and self were at a high point in the hills of Hollywood, when strange beams of light flashed the parking area of a lookout poin;1999-08-02 02:00:00;3-6 mins.;Friends and self were at a high point in the hills of Hollywood, when strange beams of light flashed the parking area of a lookout point. Sitting in the parking lot of this lookout point, very bright beams of light covered the area. At first, they were flashed at eye level (from where the cars were parked, by the edge of the cliff). The first time, the flashes lasted about 15 secs (and a very strange type of humming/vibration noise was heard/felt when the beams of light were first displayed). The second time, the beams lasted longer. The humming/vibration was only heard/felt when the beams of light were displayed. In other words, when the lights were not beaming, no noise or vibrations were felt/seen. Then, about 2 minutes later, the beams came from directly above, like if the object was directly above us. When it was in front of us, we could not clearly make out the shape of it...the closest object would be a deformed shaped egg. When it was above us, the beams of light, lite up the whole parking area. Before any of this took place, there was no noticeable air traffic in the area. Helicopters are fairly easy to distinguish...and I can honestly say that it was not a helicpoter or anything close to it. There was a total of about 5 or 6 cars in the lot where this took place. The area, generally, is a lookout/makeout point....so it was not odd that there were this many people out at 2:00 in the morning.;34.0866;-118.34035
This was an indisputable moving creature of sorts in the sky, not machinery, and definitely not man made or controlled. Calculated.;2012-03-04 03:00:00;5 minutes;This was an indisputable moving creature of sorts in the sky, not machinery, and definitely not man made or controlled.  Calculated. Standing with my neighbor out front we at first witnessed 1 object about 75-100ft above (glowing like an ember) that moved like and most resembled a serpent or eel in its movement through the sky.  It then, in a whip like motion formed a loose warping circle which shot off at extremely high speeds to the SE Horizon.  In the clamor of seeing the first one we were interrupted by a second one directly above us.  This time we could make out clearly that this was no machine, nor flying craft of any sort.  This was a flying ‘essence’ if you will. It glowed like a burning ember, when moving not as a circle mimic the movement of that of a snake swimming, and each was approximately 30 ft long  (and each formed into about a 15'circle).  After being directly above it shot past horizon viewpoint within minutes.  I reported it to local news, as did all of the other witnesses.;34.0866;-118.34035
