Daylight sighting of a black object moving at high speed below low cloud cover.;2001-11-02 06:25:00;seconds;Daylight sighting of a black object moving at high speed below low cloud cover. I was on my way to work, traveling eastbound on Winchester Road, just outside of the Memphis city limits. There was a low cloud cover, and the sun was not visible in the sky. I noticed a long, black object traveling at high speed beneath the clouds. It appeared on my left, to the north, and moved in a southerly direction. For a split-second, I thought I might be watching a flock of geese flying over, as we have many geese in the area. However, the object was traveling far faster than any flock of geese could fly. There appeared to be a black smudge behind the object. I at first thought this might be a black vapor trail, but the smudge didn't linger in the sky. The smudge seemed to move in tandem with the object. The object first appeared as a black line then changed to an acute triangular shape. It struck me as odd that the edges of the object appeared to be blurred and somewhat indistinct. Nevertheless, the most striking feature of the object was the speed with which it traveled across the sky. I cannot begin to estimate its speed, but it was out of sight within seconds. I'm a professional with two college degrees. I've lived near the flight paths of Memphis International Airport for the past sixteen years and enjoy sky watching during the day and at night. I've never seen anything to compare with what I saw this morning. I'm hoping someone else may have seen the object too and will report it to your web site.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
Me and my sister were outside and saw what looked like an airplane hen it got closer and it was triangular;2004-11-11 19:00:00;1 minute;Me and my sister were outside and saw what looked like an airplane hen it got closer and it was triangular Me and my sister were outside in lawn chairs late looking up at the sky because it had rained earlier here in memphis and the night sky was clear and it was cold so we had sweaters on. I saw this airplane looking object in the distance and it got closer and closer. My sister yelled look! i looked and that airplane like object turned into a triangle! It had White sides and a big brite red light in the middle, i looked. and it hovered over us. it was amazing. Then i was walking in to get a camera and i was on my way in going up the drive way. My sister screamed again. I paused, and 2 sides of it disappeared, it only had 1 side and i big red beam in the middle now and my sister screamed again and it started blinking rapidly and fast we couldn't look at it until it stopped blinking. Then it stopped and took off at great speed of my guess about 500 mph. Then it was too late to get the camera so we went inside to tell my dad. He complained it was an airplane so we ignored the sighting. It was a quiet night and my dad was watching television with us. 30 Minutes later we saw the same blinking and our 5 dogs were barking. My dad always keeps a look-out outside when the dog bark so he looked out and yelled Oh My God! and My sister and I came running we looked out and the same type of ship with 3 others of the shape ship were in the sky. We ran out and it repeated again, 2 sides dimmed out and only 1 side and 1 big red beam. My sister yelled thats the ship dad, thats it! and then they took off at great speeds. My dad, sister, and I will never forget that moment. I do not know what those ships were, if they were government or beyond this world. I do not know. I don't believe in aliens at all! However i do believe in ufo's for sure!;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
I saw a ufo in memphis tn on feb 29th from the I-240 expressway around 9:00pm.;2008-02-29 21:00:00;Expressway;I saw a ufo in memphis tn on feb 29th from the I-240 expressway around 9:00pm. Hi,my sister and I had just got off work? We were on the expressway going 240 north we were coming up on her exit for me to take her home. I look over to my left and I ask my sister WHAT IS THAT UP IN THE SKY? She said WERE? I said over there. She looked and we both said what the hell is that? My sister is not a UFO believer but I am. She yelled look how fast its going? All of a sudden it stop in place on just hoverd in one spot?  I WAS SO EXCITED? She than said is that a blimp? I said I dont know? The craft had a red light on top rotating from top to bottom. It was not a airplane or a blimp. We live in Memphis Tn were this kind of thing dont happen. I dropped my sister off and you still could see this craft in the west. I tried to get a picture of this craft with my cell phone but it was to far away. I than started on my way on from my sister's house and saw the craft, it had changed it shape? It went from having lost of lights to just one on top? I know what a airplane look like, I tried to follow the craft again and it just kept going far away? When I Got to my house you could hear the dogs barking like crazy? Please if anyone saw this craft let me know? Thank-you.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
