Cigar in Memphis 1974.;1974-10-15 18:00:00;probably 15-20min;Cigar in Memphis 1974. my mother was visiting her sick uncle at the V.A. hospital in Memphis in the late summer to fall of 1974. She and her aunt went out to the Denney's nearby for dinner. Mother said that everyone in the parking lot ust kind of all looked at the same time at some trees in a nearby (field, I'm guessing). Over the trees there was a silvery cigar shaped craft.She said It looked like an airplane with no wings or tail, I could see the lit up windows and everything. My great aunt refuses to talk about it to this day. The reason I've sent in a 26 year old report is that I am trying to figure out how many people, other than those in the Denney's parking lot, saw this craft on that date. I am not at all sure of the date, but am certain of the year, the story and the locality.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
Traveling red lights that had the ability to rapidly change flight direction were seen on Jackson Ave in Memphis TN;2009-01-01 18:00:00;30 minutes;Traveling red lights that had the ability to rapidly change flight direction were seen on Jackson Ave in Memphis TN Riding down Jackson Ave, traveling red lights were in the sky.  They clearly were not planes or jets based on the speed which was extremely rapid  and the verticle flight patterns.  They had the ability to start and stop sharply and then reverse flight direction.  Myself  and the other drivers  and looked at each other and back at the lights.  Anytime we were stopped by a red light we got a chance to see if others noticed and tried to get people’s attention by pointing  toward the lights.  I eventually got on I-240 and was able to see these lights for a while until I had to eventually get off at my exit. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
Red-colored, cigar-shaped craft seen flying over Memphis, Tennessee.;2011-06-15 20:15:00;15 minutes;Red-colored, cigar-shaped craft seen flying over Memphis, Tennessee. Saw a red-colored, cigar-shaped craft at around 8:15, heading west, then it disappeared.  It reappeared, about 15 minutes later, going the opposite direction (east). Watched it for about 1-2 minutes, then it disappeared again.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
We saw 6 separate objects flying different directions with and without airplanes and in different flight paths than the planes!;2011-07-11 20:05:00;20 mins and watching;We saw 6 separate objects flying different directions with and without airplanes and in different flight paths than the planes! Beginning at 8:05pm, my girlfriend was out on our balcony smoking a cigarette when she called me outside.  There was an object in the sky that was moving at a steady, casual pace towards the West, but as we were watching it, began heading south.  My girlfriend informed me that she had been watching it for a minute already and saw it fly past the moon, which is to our Southeast this evening.  Watching the object, we could tell it was not an airplane because it was SO high in the sky, there was no contrail, and the object appeared to float by instead of being propelled forwards.  Plus, for it to interfere with the view of the moon this evening, it would have to be flying very high and far away because the moon is at ~65 degree angle from us.  From our balcony, we see every flight that leaves Memphis International Airport, and THIS was not an airplane.  It was silvery in color and shaped like a long string, more cylindrical than cigar-shaped, but very narrow compared to its length.  It also appeared to grow a glow, but then it subsided.  It soon flew out of distance. So, we stood here in awe (we are still on the balcony now) and before we knew it a plane was flying West and here comes another one of these objects almost brushing the airplane!   We knew the passengers of the flight HAD to see this happen and we watched that object fly toward the East at about the same rate as the first one we saw, except this one was clearly lower and more cigar-shaped and looked to maybe have a light on each tip, but we are not really sure.  Each end was brighter than the silvery object itself. Before that one could leave our view, ANOTHER one flew from the East heading West and was flying against the other one.  They passed each other at about the same distance as the airplane and the second object.  So, that's three.  We watched them until they flew so far, we couldn't see them anymore. Then another one came and was flying Northeast at what appeared to be a slow, steady pace.  It seemed very casual, like it was in no hurry.  This one also looked cigar-shaped, same as the third one.  Same color, approximate altitude, etc. During all of this, we called a friend who owns a shop down the street who we asked to look outside toward the moon.  We talked to him on the phone for a minute and before we got off the phone with him, he saw an object to the South.  We couldn't see it, but stayed on the phone and it showed up.  Same type of object, cigar-shaped, silvery, although this one appeared lowest of them all, but maybe it was because it was heading our direction to a Northwest direction. We were off the phone with him and decided to stay out here knowing we would probably see more.  Then there was another one.  This one was different from all the other ones.  It's hard to describe the shape because it was so far up in the sky, but almost appeared like a cigar, but like it had something else on top of it or maybe kind of an L-shape to it or something.  Most notably, though, it had a reddish hue to it, like a haze, but not really light like it was shining, but maybe because the sun was going down and it was absorbing that color is my best guess.  That was at 8:28pm. We counted 6 total and it's 8:53pm now and we haven't seen anymore since that last one.  Also should be noted, we KNOW the airport had to know about that one coming so close to that airplane.  And we have not seen ONE airplane in the sky since that happened.  We are very used to the airplanes and never get tired of watching them even though they are around all the time.  I must say it is VERY unusual to go this long without seeing at least one airplane flying any direction out of the airport.  It's just unusual. I also want to add that I am in my 20s and have never seen anything like this in my life, not to mention so many.  I have always heard about them flying in groups, but we saw each of them singly.  The only time we saw more than one at a time was when the 2 were flying opposite directions of one another and that was weird.  Why we called the friend during all of this, though, was not only to confirm what we were seeing, but about 2 weeks ago, when my girlfriend was at work at the shop down the street, the two of them had spotted one of these objects then that she said looked just like these except the one she saw was bigger and appeared out of nowhere, disappeared, then returned heading the opposite direction, was reddish colored, and cigar-shaped with the brighter ends. We were so excited to see these tonight.  It must be a blessing or something!  It certainly is miraculous what we saw.  Oh, and I want to add, the friend we were speaking to on the phone, describe the clouds to look affected by electromagnetism if that means anything to anybody else.  We saw what he was describing and I would describe it as super thin clouds appearing to ripple across the sky... very huge.  I really don't think I would have noticed it had he not pointed it out, but it was very unusual, especially since the clouds were so thin and transparent.  The sun was setting so the whole sky was clear, purpley-blue and what cloud you could see was more purple and pink.  It's definitely the type of sky that suits this occasion. It's 9:06 and we just saw ANOTHER one, much, much higher than ALL of the other ones.  This one was heading north.  For being as high as it was, it must have been going really fast before we couldn't see it anymore because of the trees.  And then we just saw our first airplane since all the other stuff, heading East, blinking and clearly an airplane.  Wow.  Well, I will end this here.  If I have to do another one, I will.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
More Objects Over Memphis;2011-07-12 20:03:00;Over a period of ~30 mins;More Objects Over Memphis Following up with my report from last night, we wondered if these objects would show up again around the same time as last night and the time before a few weeks ago when my girlfriend saw one. We went outside to sit on our balcony a little before 8pm, as the sun was beginning to set and as the moon was rising.  At 8:03pm I saw the first one, which was much higher than all the other ones we had seen previously.  I wouldn't have been able to see it if I hadn't been looking for it, I suppose. During the total period of time of about 30 minutes we were out there, we saw 3 airplanes.  One going over us, one taking off, and one coming in.  They had their lights on, etc.  We knew they were planes compared to these other floating objects.  The planes also have clearly visible wings and tail.  We really double-checked ourselves a lot, especially after seeing so many. Within the next few minutes, I saw 2 more very, very high (I'm not even going to try to guess how high).  They all seemed to be cigar-shaped, but were harder to make out their exact contour because they were so high, but it was clear that it was just a floating silver line with a tarnished blackish tinge. My girlfriend saw the 4th one, which took me a moment to focus in on, but was able to confirm it heading West over us.   Then after a few moments, the last one came floating by, much much lower than all the other ones of this evening and last night.  This one had a much clearer cigar shape and was silverish in color, maybe hints of darker more tarnish-y areas.  We were able to watch it glide across the sky at a steady pace for quite some time.  At one point, from my angle it almost looked like a disc that was rotating forwards right side up, like a wheel and what was most visible to us was the underside of it, making it appear to be the cigar-shape.  My girlfriend said it was not only a disc rotating, but it was also shifting from side to side, but somehow was able to keep only the cigar shape of its side visible.  I also wondered if the cigar-shape may have been a ring of light that was wrapped around an invisible cylinder that may have been floating sideways in the way a ring would fit on a finger because when the object got further away it looked to be made of light instead of silvery, but it could have also been the sun going down. We are going to look out again tonight once it gets darker to see if any of them may glow or are visible in the dark at all.  And we will certainly be watching again around the same time of 8pm.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
10 Unknown objects over Memphis  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  One of several from the same source.  PD));2011-07-26 19:50:00;30 mins;10 Unknown objects over Memphis We saw 10 tonight from 7:50-8:20pm.  I'm emailing you a picture I drew to describe it.  The second and third objects we saw we right behind one another, about 45 seconds apart, travelling slower than airplanes, no sound, and much, much higher of course.  All objects we saw this evening were traveling East, except one traveling Northeast and another traveling Southwest.  We frequently saw airplanes this evening in the sky at the same time as these objects.  We usually do not see airplanes in the air at the same time as the objects.  All 10 this evening were of the same, usual kind we typically see: silver, cigar-shaped, appear to float along with no sound.  The first one was notable because it seemed to be the lowest or closest of them all, enough to where we could make out what looked like a tail and a fin, almost like it was trying to appear to be an airplane, but looked nothing like an airplane.  So, we saw them all singly, spaced about 2-3 minutes apart o! n average, except for the second and third ones which were following one another rather closely.  After that there was one heading East and the only one that turned off and headed Northeast.  At this point, we were able to watch 2 in the sky at the same time again.  Only one of the objects had a blinking light on it, similar to an aircraft, but tiny and blinked a white or blue light that was inconsistent (i.e. i thought it blinked every second, it didn't).  I mention in the photo I'm attaching that the silver material looks like plutonium.  I have often suspected that these objects power themselves through nuclear power, which may explain the radiation they put off, the appearance of plutonium, and in some videos I have seen where they appear to turn on a fluorescent light that looks to be composed of the krypton element.  Sounds very sci-fi, but I think it could be likely. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  One of several from the same source.  PD));35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
10 Unknown objects over Memphis.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  One of several from the same source.  PD));2011-07-26 19:50:00;30 mins;10 Unknown objects over Memphis We saw 10 tonight from 7:50-8:20pm.  I'm emailing you a picture I drew to describe it.  The second and third objects we saw we right behind one another, about 45 seconds apart, travelling slower than airplanes, no sound, and much, much higher of course.  All objects we saw this evening were traveling East, except one traveling Northeast and another traveling Southwest.  We frequently saw airplanes this evening in the sky at the same time as these objects.  We usually do not see airplanes in the air at the same time as the objects.  All 10 this evening were of the same, usual kind we typically see: silver, cigar-shaped, appear to float along with no sound.  The first one was notable because it seemed to be the lowest or closest of them all, enough to where we could make out what looked like a tail and a fin, almost like it was trying to appear to be an airplane, but looked nothing like an airplane.  So, we saw them all singly, spaced about 2-3 minutes apart o! n average, except for the second and third ones which were following one another rather closely.  After that there was one heading East and the only one that turned off and headed Northeast.  At this point, we were able to watch 2 in the sky at the same time again.  Only one of the objects had a blinking light on it, similar to an aircraft, but tiny and blinked a white or blue light that was inconsistent (i.e. i thought it blinked every second, it didn't).  I mention in the photo I'm attaching that the silver material looks like plutonium.  I have often suspected that these objects power themselves through nuclear power, which may explain the radiation they put off, the appearance of plutonium, and in some videos I have seen where they appear to turn on a fluorescent light that looks to be composed of the krypton element.  Sounds very sci-fi, but I think it could be likely. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  One of several from the same source.  PD));35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
