Daylight observation of a pin-point of light in western sky;1999-05-06 17:33:00;00:01;Daylight observation of a pin-point of light in western sky I was west-bound, enroute home from work at 1730 CST. I was observing a Tennesse Air National Guard C-141 transport. It was westbound, and then started to turn right (North). From behind the C-141, but very distant appearing, I saw a very small, but bright point of light. It would remind one of Venus, in the early evening, well before dark. It was hard to maintain visual contact while driving, so I pulled off the road to try to re-acquire it, but had no luck. No motion was observed, no other lights etc... The sky was crystal clear, no clouds at all. No other observers. We are so close to Arkansas, just across the Mississippi River, that the object had to be over Arkansas. My impression was of a large object, very high and very far away. It wasn't Venus, Mars, Jupiter or Vega, which is very bright. It was too far North to be any of those. The general direction was approximately 290 degrees true. I am ex-USAF and ex-USN, an amatuer astronomer, have been around the world and been exposed to many types of aircraft. This did not resemble and aircraft. It had no contrail, and it was too far away to see if it had navigation lights. ((Revised report submitted)) Daylight sighting of a distant, pin-point light. Enroute home from work, at 1730, I was westbound, enroute home from work. I was observing a Tennessee Air National Guard C-141 making a right( North ) turn. As the C-141 started to straighten out, I noticed a bright, but very small point of light, appear from behind the plane. I could not discern any motion, during to my driving toward it. It appeared as Venus might in the daylight, but definitely before evening. A small point, it would have easily been missed by most people. This was a day after a severe rain/thunderstorm that created tornados. The sky was crystal clear. No other observers. I stopped at the side of the road to see if I could re-acquire the object but didn't have any luck. The initial sighting feeling was a solid object, reflecting sunlight. The object, to my observation, was a. very high, b. bright and very far away. We are so close to Arkansas, across the Mississippi River, that it had to be OVER Arkansas, not Tennessee, when observed.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
Fiance and I both witnessed separate events where lights began streaking over the skies above our apartment.  moving at rapid speed, ch;1999-05-13 21:00:00;@3.5 hours;Fiance and I both witnessed separate events where lights began streaking over the skies above our apartment.  moving at rapid speed, changing colour, changing shape, disappearing and reappearing. Upon taking my dog outside, i noticed a strange light hovering above my head, the light sat there for approximatly ten seconds before speeding off in an easterly direction.  the light began as a dim white light then it suddenly stopped.  the light hovered again for about a second then whizzed back in a westerly direction the light was now a green colour.  i thought nothing of this at this time.  later at about 9:45 my fiance and i were sitting on the sofa watching t.v.  our dog was on the balcony barking and i got up to see what he was barking at.  Again there was a light, this time accompanied by two more lights in a triangular formation.  i called my fiance over and the lights vanished.  About five minutes later my fiance saw a light outside followed by a bright flash of light like cloud to cloud lightening. Taking my dog outside again around 11 pm the lights were still around.  This time it was a red light hovering above the interstate.  This interstate runs to Nasville so runs from west to east.  This light turned a blue colour and rapidly moved back in my direction.  I believe that that would be a southerly direction.  This blue light hovered above a field across the street from my apartmernt complex.  My dog for some reason then raised the hair on his back, put his tail between his legs as if in a defensive posture.  He then turned and made for the apartment. Over about the next hour my dog remained on the balcony staring at the sky.  The lights flickered on and off for a second at one point but i cannot confirm if the two are related. 12:30 my fiance took the dog out for the last time before bed.  She saw what she describes as three headlights, bright cigar shaped lights, hovering almost directly over the apartment building.  The lights were bright. It is there that this light remained for the duration of her time outside, about five minutes. None of these lights made any noise whatsoever.  The movemnents of the lights were precise and accurate almost like they were flying looking for or at something.  the movements were so exact that my fiance, who is a skeptic of ufo's, could not identify the lights as either a plane nor a helicopter.  I, not being a skeptic, understand the meaning of ufo cannot identify the craft under my knowledge as being a helicopter or a aeroplane.  The movemnts were too exact and noiseless.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
An arc-shaped object, moving at possibly a high rate of speed, was seen moving from overhead to south. The object was almost invisible,;2000-01-20 22:22:00;approx 6 seconds;An arc-shaped object, moving at possibly a high rate of speed, was seen moving from overhead to south. The object was almost invisible, but seemed to be reflecting ambient light either from ground lights or from the eclipsed moon, as the color was almost that of the eclipsed moon. At about 10:22 CST, my brother-in-law and I were outside in his backyard. We had been observing the lunar eclipse through his telescope, but having become bored with that, we turned the scope on M42 in the constellation of Orion. I had already located M42, my brother-in-law was in the process of changing the lens to a higher power while I was observing the constellation and waiting. I noticed movement above me. Looking directly overhead, I saw what I first took to be an atmospheric disturbance, like a vortex of air. The night was exceedingly clear and full of stars, without much ambient ground light, and there was no wind. However, the leading edge (as this was the direction it was moving) of the object or vortex was faintly illuminated by a light of nearly the same color as the eclipsed moon (reddish-brown). It was almost invisible, and for a moment, I doubted what I saw, thinking perhaps it was a floater in my eye. I asked my brother-in-law to look, and he immediately spotted the object and exclaimed what is that? The object, as I said, was an arc shape, about 90 degrees of a full circle, with a relative size of a baseball held at arm's length. Within the arc, there was no apparent blocking of the starfield, such as there would have been had the object been spherical or disk-shaped and reflecting light on its leading edge or underside. It moved very quickly from overhead to between Sirius and the constellation of Orion, toward the southern horizon, when it seemed to pass beyond our range of vision. There was no sound, and no wind. I would guess that it was visible no more than six seconds. In addition, the arc shape did not remain constant, as it would if it were the leading edge or underside of a spherical or disk-shaped object. It seemed to flow, not-unlike the way a line of geese or ducks flow and waver as they fly. My brother-in-law, who has better eyesight than I do, even said that he thought it was numerous objects flying in an arc-shaped formation, but that they flowed and shifted, not unlik! e geese. However, I have considerable experience 'in the wild' and have seen flights of migratory birds both during the day and at night. First of all, to have formed this impression of an arc, there would have to have been numerous birds flying at a great height, much to high to have been seen from the ground at night. If the same formation had been seen during the day, and if they were ducks or geese, then they would have had to have been moving at super-sonic speed. To move across the sky in that amount of time, the birds would have had to have been much closer to the ground, in which case they would have been easily discernable as being birds of some sort, and at that height, given the size of the arc, could not have been more than five or six birds, in which case they could hardly have been mistaken for an arc shape. Also, they made no sound, whereas ducks and geese will honk and quack as they fly, and even when not, you can hear their wings - but there was no sound. Instead, my best description of the object is of a non-solid sherical object, clear, with light either reflecting along its forward edge or underside. As to size and speed, I can only hazard a guess or impression, as there was nothing to judge by it could have been very large and high and moving very fast, or small and low and moving slowly. But my impression was that of an object about the size of a house, flying at two-to-four thousand feet, at about the speed of a cruise missile.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
the star at the top and at the bottom right were not stars but planets the other object was bluesh and jetted off quickly.;2001-04-29 21:13:00;3 min;the star at the top and at the bottom right were not stars but planets the other object was bluesh and jetted off quickly. i always look at the stars and moon as much as i can, but tonight there were 3 stars (or at least i thought they were)  positioned in a (v) formation. The star (object) on the left side started to move away from the other stars... slowly at first then it just took off. Here is a picture... * <stars (objects) <<<<<<<<<<<< *      * the object moved in this direction, it was not a falling star o  <moon     *  * <stars;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
Distant light went from left to right in western sky. Twinkled as it flew and then after a little while maybe ten or twenty seconds it;2006-12-01 21:00:00;30 sec;Distant light went from left to right in western sky. Twinkled as it flew and then after a little while maybe ten or twenty seconds it disappeared from sight even though I thought there was more window space to view the left to right motion. Can the lights on an airplane just turn off or was this some other craft? It was hard to make out as it was only a distant light.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
More Memphis UFOs-- confirmed by investigator as U/I.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  One of several from the same source.  PD));2011-07-23 20:52:00;15 minutes;More Memphis UFOs-- confirmed by investigator as unidentified. Saw first craft at 8:52pm.  It was silver in color, cigar-shaped.  It had no contrail and was flying much higher than an airplane, but you could tell it was much larger than an airplane and had no wings.  It seemed smooth.  At times the silvery color appeared whiter or lighter in areas, but did not seem to be light, more the metal itself reflecting light?  That's a guess.  We watched it fly from West to East over a period of about 2 minutes or so.  It was long enough to watch it slowly glide out of sight.  At 8:03pm, I saw a solid black object in the sky.  At first I thought it was just a black bird because they are usually flying around, but I noticed it wasn't moving or if it was moving, it was coming straight at me.  Regardless, it was not fluttering about like a bird.  I watched it for a second, my girlfriend was on the balcony during all of this and I pointed it out.  She doesn't see as well as I do and I watched it get much closer before she was able to see it.  It was so far away or so high in the sky that I couldn't even make out a definite shape to this object.  Briefly, I thought I saw what appeared to be a triangle, but this object was sitting upright.  When it got to it's closest point near us, we could both clearly tell it was moving, rotating.  It would rotate around and turn itself as it was rotating.  I hope that's clear.  At some point, it curved off and started heading East (from the South).  Neither one of us could make out what shape this thing was.  It was! a solid upright object, not like the longer, more horizontal cigar-shaped object.  In the dropdown list before filling this out, I looked to see if any of those may have described it: like I said, it looked at some point to have at least a triangular edge to it, so it could have been diamond shaped, but I'm not entirely certain, but that's the best way to describe at least the edge I did see and the mass of the object itself.  This object appeared to have a haziness around it.  At it's closest point to us, it was probably about the size of my pinky nail if my arm was stretched out.  It was small, but very far and very high.  It stood out like a sore thumb because it was solid black on a light blue sky.  You couldn't miss it.  This one also moved much slower in comparison to the silver cigar-shaped object, which it probably why it appeared to be standing still when I first saw it.  Also, this thing came pretty much out of nowhere.  I don't know if I ever mention that, but! the same for the cigar-shaped objects.  We suddenly just see ! them and then watch as they glide away.  We never see them come INTO view.  They are just suddenly there.  Since we have frequently been seeing this, we contacted MUFON locally and I was contacted by an investigator.  While witnessing what I described above, I called the investigator.  He called me back later and it turned out he witnessed the exact same object I saw first-- the cigar-shaped one, heading the same direction, etc.  If it's any help to gauge the size of this object, he lives approximately 2-3 miles from me.  He mentioned that it was not an airplane, had no contrail, etc etc etc and ultimately it could not be identified. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  One of several from the same source.  PD));35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
3 UFO sightings over Memphis. Weird jelly fish like spacecrafts;2011-10-09 18:45:00;10 minutes;3 UFO sightings over Memphis.  Weird jelly fish like spacecrafts As I was on the way to pick up my mother from the Memphis international airport, I witnessed a strange object in the southwestern sky. At first I thought it might of been a weird drift of a cloud that drifted away from the cloud mass. As I was observing it closer I could tell it was definately not a cloud. It was a long and slim. It seemed to have a rounded front and what seemed to be long tentacle like rods coming out the backside. My 5 year old witnessed it and said it was a jellyfish, and no doubt it looked like a metal machine jellyfish. But it seemed like it was south of the airport but within 50 miles of it. It did not move it seemed as though it was hovering. I know what an airplane looks like becuase there were many airplanes in the sky at this time and it was not an airplane! As we observed this strange object we found two more that were very close to this one. They created a line that  seemed to lead to the Mississippi river. By this time we were f! reaking out and as we approached a tree line, we couldn't see them for less than 10 seconds, when the trees cleared they were gone, nowhere to be seen, as if they vanished into thin air. Another good description would be, if you've ever seen war of the worlds, the huge tripod machines is what came to my mind but these were airborne not walking around zapping people. I have heard of probes?? and this seems to be the case. I don't know what's going on but I'm pretty freaked out by this.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
Metallic forest green with a dark circle around the middle. Seemed to be hovering and looked like a Weber grill without the legs.;2013-09-17 16:45:00;10 seconds;I was driving down a busy side street. I saw what appeared at first to be a hot air balloon but there was no balloon.  Just a gondola shaped object in the sky.  It was metallic forest green with a dark circle around the middle.  Seemed to be hovering and looked like a Weber grill without the legs.  Pulled over to get a better look and it was gone.;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
I was driving down interstate 40 towards appling hwy64 and saw a boomerang shaped disc with one light moved fairly fast then disappeare;2018-12-26 18:00:00;90 seconds;I was driving down interstate 40 towards appling hwy64 and saw a boomerang shaped disc with one light moved fairly fast then disappeared before i could get my phone out;35.1263388946818;-89.9382290928053
