I feel a little silly about this but I was standing on my back patio when what i thought was a plane flew from SW to NE no sound and ch;1999-07-24 00:25:00;15 to 20 seconds;I feel a little silly about this but I was standing on my back patio when what i thought was a plane flew from SW to NE no sound and changing shape as if someone had thrown Christmas lights, in a bundle, across the sky---clear night! While standing on my back patio, I noticed what I thought to be an airplane, comming toward my home, in the CLEAR night sky.  The moon was somewhere between 3/4 and NEW.  This is not unusual because we have quite allot of air traffic in our area.  I watched as this object approached my home from a south western area to the north east.  It flew directly over my home.  I am not allowed to smoke in the house so all of this ocurred while I was out back smoking.  I always try to listen to the engine of the aircraft that fly over at night, because I try to determine if it was comercial, military, private,  etc...  All I can see in the night sky is lights anyway.  What was strange about this object at first was the way it seemed so smooth as it flew accross the sky.  I then noticed that it was a group or cluster of smaller lights that seemed to be attached somewhere together (almost by a string) in the center.  The lights seemed to move away from the center and back towards the center in no specific order or fashion.  Almost as if they were blowing around in the wind.  The second thing I noticed that I wasn't hearing any noise or sound comming from the object.  Since trying to hear for the sound, of the engines, of the aircraft that fly over or around our home is kinda of a thing to do while smoking, I tried as hard as I could to hear some kind of noise from this aircraft.  When I realized that what I was seeing and NOT hearing was not something normal, I kinda went into a fixation on this craft as it dissapeared over the roof of my home.  It really FREAKED ME OUT!!  The entire event lasted about 15 to maybe 20 seconds.  After I realized how strange this thing was I just stood there and tried to take all of it in.  The lights were red and white.  Not bright white but more of an off white.  These were not the lights o any airplane either.  These lights changed the entire shape of the object as they moved all around.  Not a hurky jerky motion but a very fluid like random order.  I don't know what this was, but ! IT WAS NOT ANY AIRCRAFT I HAVE EVER WITNESSED and I was in the Navy for several years as an Ordnance specialist loading ordnance onto F-14's.;32.8946096909383;-96.6376143530643
I saw a strange bright light in the sky at  a fireworks show and decided to take some pictures.;2007-07-04 21:00:00;10:00 minutes;I saw a strange bright light in the sky at  a fireworks show and decided to take some pictures. Usually at night in the area I live in I notice a bright light in the sky and think it is a star or satellite or the space station.  From a distance it looks like the light is brighting and fading and turning around, or changing shape so then I think that can't be a star.  I went to the newely built Firewheel Town Center to watch fireworks and noticed one of these similar lights in the sky and thought I would take pictures since the fireworks had not started.  When I took the pictures I had the zoom on my digital camera on all the way.   I was kind of amazed at what I saw when I zoomed into the pictures on word like it was changing shapes.  The sky was pitch black and there was a smaller star looking thing close by.  The fireworks would have been going off infront of where I was and this light was on my right.  A couple of the pictures look like rockets with no light and smoke trail that accidentally maybe a couple of fireworks, but I don't remember.  My background is Navy vet and college student. I know the object could probably be anything, but I thought I would send the pictures.;32.8946096909383;-96.6376143530643
