Two lines of 5 to 6 ornage flickering craft moved in tandem non formation across sky.;2013-04-13 21:45:00;10 minutes;Two lines of 5 to 6 ornage flickering craft moved in tandem non formation across sky. On April 13th at as close as I can determine at 9:45 pm traveling on George Bush Fwy in the Garland city limits near the intersection of Garland Ave. I saw a line of lights traveling in a semi formation. There were 5 to 6 objects traveling together in a random line at different distances from each other. They were not traveling in a close organized formation but were all traveling together in the same direction coming across in front of my westerly driving direction moving in a line on a North by Northwesterly direction. I pulled the car over and attempted to get my Galaxy S3 out and trained on them to begin videoing. Unfortunately the last setting on my camera had the camera facing me. By the time I adjusted the camera to face away and set to video the objects they had turned a more Westerly direction and moving away from me. The caught my attention as unusual because they appeared to be orange and flickering as a constant light source. They did not have the red and white normal aircraft lights blinking at a consistent way. The light they emitted gave the appearance of a flickering flame. This is barely distinguishable in the video I did get but it is discernible if you know that's what I saw. Unfortunately also my lack of use of the video application on my phone also affected what I got, because it was on when I thought was off, and off when I thought it was on. I did not successfully capture any video on the first line of objects as they moved away. I had been sail racing the whole day so I was well aware the wind was still about 8 to 10 miles per hour coming from the South maybe slightly Southeasterly. The objects seemed to by flying similar to the height and speed of helicopters. So they were very low seeming for aircraft but higher than a typical traffic or police copter, and fairly fast similar to the speed of a fast moving helicopter such as care flight as it would pass over. As I watched the line move away over the city of Plano I turned to get in the car and amazingly another line of objects of the speed, height and constant orange flickering nature were heading directly in my direction. Again there were 5 to 6 or maybe more in the group. They were traveling Southwesterly. This is when I struggled to get my video going again and thought it was on when it was off and off when it was on. As one passed directly over me the underside of one of the objects appeared oval as if the light was refracted as a lens would do. The distinct sound of helicopters was not present as they are obviously very loud and discernible but again this is exactly the height and speed it seemed fast moving high flying helicopters would be moving. It is possible that they could have been larger and higher and just gave the feeling this is the altitude they were flying but I'm pretty certain of my perception. It did seem there was engine noise above the traffic noise but sub! tle and not so obvious. The video I did capture was by accident and you can see the orange flickering effect somewhat out of focus and a couple times focus in and appear white and turn two distinct dots. Visually they never appeared white to me but the video does. The other interesting thing about the colors is that two distinct separate flying objects change color in synchronization. Therefore the color change could be attributed to the low quality camera phone video.. The video I did get was the last one I attempted so it was of the second line moving away from me and probably about already 4 to 5 miles away. I am a Real Estate Broker business Owner in Dallas, Texas;32.8946096909383;-96.6376143530643
After a few minutes of standing outside with them, both of them and I looked up and saw it as it flew off.  ((anonymous report));2017-12-25 19:00:00;10 seconds;Was letting my dogs outside and after a few minutes of standing outside with them, both of them and I looked up and saw it as it flew across the sky and out if sight behind some trees.;32.8946096909383;-96.6376143530643
