green glowing circle shooting across sky and nightly white light;2010-06-12 01:00:00;seconds;green glowing circle shooting across sky and nightly white light I have always had a habit of watching the skies at night.  The best sightings I had were when I lived in Santa Fe, New Mexico.  My boyfriend and I were walking into the mall on night and I noticed an unusual light in the sky and we decided when we left the mall if it was still there we would go look for it.  When we came out it was still there but had moved slightly.  So we drove up to Hyde Park where the lookout spot is and could see a disk like object hovering above Santa Fe. The sightings I am reporting now are above Taneytown, MD.  I have not lived here long but since I have moved here I have been noticing different things.  Last winter I saw a falling object over a local park, it was too large to be a falling star.  I have noticed an object that travels parallel with a main road- the lighted object moves so slow it is almost not noticeable it is moving unless you are actually watching it. I have also noticed that around 9pm there is a light in the sky behind where we live.  To give an idea of the diameter stars vs. the light   it is like the stars are pin-heads and “the light” is a pencil eraser.  The light is not directly above me when I see it it is off in the distance a bit. To show attempt to express the distance it travels within an amount of time if you were to go on my back porch with a ruler and hold it up, the bottom of the ruler lined up with the roof top of the house-- the light starts out about 12 inches above the house diagonally behind us, then by 10pm the light is level with the chimney top of the same house.  Not sure how else to explain it.  The light is not directly above the house it is off in a distance.  Just using perspective to explain how it moves.  Also it does not move in a straight line – it slowly zigzags as it moves forward.  My friend and I went looking for it the other night but it was slightly cloudy out and lost it.  We a! re going to attempt it again on another night.  This light is out there every night – but I have not noticed it on rainy nights because I don’t go out there when it is raining. Earlier tonight I saw something in my peripheral vision above me out front.  It was a very large green glow shooting across the sky.  It was round in the front and it definitely was not a shooting star, if I would have held my fist in the air it would have been bigger than my fist. And it disappeared right after I looked up.;39.6688;-77.1723
2 bright orange objects moving south to north over Maryland 9/6 845pm;2015-09-06 20:45:00;5-7 minutes;2 bright orange objects moving south to north over Maryland 9/6 845pm I was sitting in my hot tub when I noticed 2 orange circles in the sky.  The colors were constant and non-changing, and not blinking, etc.  They were in a straight line. They appeared to come from the south and head north.  I was facing west and got to observe them for about 5-7minutes.  They did appear to be moving similar to the speed of a plane and in knowing the typical flight patterns near by I would guesstimate them to be 20-30k feet from the ground.  Obviously, this could be completely off depending on their actual location, size, etc.  I quickly grabbed my phone and took 2 pics and a small movie.;39.6688;-77.1723
