 I noticed that the stars didn’t seem right. There was an unusual pattern.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a star or planet?  PD));2010-07-11 21:45:00;1 hour;Last night (7/10), technically early this morning (7/11) around 1 am, I noticed that the stars didn’t seem right. There was an unusual swoosh pattern, a large swoosh pattern.  The “stars” in the swoosh pattern were blinking in a sort of Morse Code way, as if they were talking to each other.  I went outside a few times until almost 2 am and they were still out there. Tonight (7/11) around 9:30pm  I went outside to smoke a cigarette and I saw a bright light above, as I looked up it dimmed greatly and blended in with the stars, that’s when I noticed it was moving fast across the sky, too fast to be a plane and too high.  I made my boyfriend come out and look. He also saw it, it went over my house so I did not see where it went.  I watched the sky and off in the distance over the houses across the street I spotted another one, blending in with the stars, I watched it – every “star” it passed brightened as it was passing it and dimmed again after it passed, I watched it until it disappeared - my boyfriend came out and saw it right before it disapeared.  Since there are street lights out front it was kind of hard to see, so I went out back (about 9:45pm) and kept looking up in the sky.  As I was looking at the stars, suddenly one started moving across the sky and as it was headed straight for another “star”, that star shifted right and let it! go by then it moved back into place. Another “star” that it passed started moving in the opposite direction.  There were greenish light streaks moving a little ways to the left of it.  I watched all of them until they disappeared. Then around 10:15pm I went out front again and saw yet another one moving across the sky, it did a zigzag then went straight. Each one of these things were visible for under 5 minutes each before they disappeared. It is now 12:22 am and I have gone out several times since then and have not seen them again.  I will keep looking and if I see them any more tonight I will post again. If anyone else reads this and sees the same thing please post it.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a star or planet?  PD));39.6688;-77.1723
