Unusual objets in the nights sky.;2009-12-01 19:00:00;hours;Unusual objets in the nights sky. Email 2. Again I apologize as I have no other means to report my sightings. But I feel as if the sightings warrent some type of investigation. If you are familiar with the HAARP project and their secretive studies. You would then know about the technology to control the weather among various of other things. While outside I noticed the Y part moving around. As well was the craft, though the moving from the craft was not much. I was still able to see it was not fixed in space as stars appear to the nacked eye. About 5-10 minutes I noticed the waether went from clear skies to being covered in clouds. Although the clouds moved in, these lights could still be seen as they are the brightest object in the sky. As i watched and thought about what was before me, I could notice the light would get brighter and then fade almost enitirely out almost. It was from the clouds! Remeber I am an artist, so I have a keen eye for proportions in perspective to that of our visual field. The light getting bright was it coming closer to me. As the light got closer it intensified in brightness and size!  While outside watching them to determine what I was seeing was real. I noticed that they both emitted some type of search/spot light. This could be seen as something clearly above the clouds was lighting clouds up below it. This light appeared as a search light of some sort. At this point I was starting to get frightened. Basically I was right by the entrance of the house, as uncertainty coursed through me. As I watched the light circle around, and at times lighting up the clouds. It came to stop on me. I stood there helpless, wanting to run inside though was unable to move. Which lead and leads me to believe this was or is some type of probe of some sort. Standing there it fealt as if information was being expelled from me. I too took notice it seemed to extract the information in waves, rather than all at once. It seemed almost rythmatic!  When i was able to run, I ran inside. By this point...sorry another email inc;39.6688;-77.1723
unusual objetcs in the nights sky!;2009-12-01 19:00:00;hours;unusual objetcs in the nights sky! I would first of all like to apologize as i do not have the internet on my computer.  I do however have it on my phone and in respect to your wishes I will do my best to make it as professional as possible. Over the past month I have noticed unusual occurences daily in the nights sky.  I have recorded several of these sittings on both a camcorder and my phone.  One night the image was so clear i was able to depict an unusual craft suspended in space!  Needless to say I am an artist and was able to render a picture of the craft in the air. The first sighting I saw was around the beginning of December.  Nightly I look to the stars and the Universe in search of answers as many have done over the expanse of life. This particular night I stepped out with my dog to allow her to use the restroom. Looking into the Universe as I have done every night past. I noticed two unusually bright stars in the sky, so I stood outside and watched them for sometime. 30 minutes perhaps I would say. Emitted from the objects i noticed what appears to be a unifomity thats not noticed from stars. Looking at light closely we notice it steches into what appears to be a burst of light and there is no formality among the light. Unless the light is directed! Nor is it geometical to the eye. However I noticed a pattern in the light that i saw. Which is clealy distinguishable among the stars, as the light emitted from them differ from star light. Coming out of the object on the top or upper side of the object is what appears to be a triangle of light. This triangle of light appears to be beems of light one would have to assume. I do not know what else to make of it. Emitted from the bottom half of the craft or object is what appears to form a upside down Y. I have gotten my girlfriend to see if she could see anything and she said it looked like a peace symbol. Thats extremely close to what I have been seeing and she see's it too. It seems my phone has reached its limit on characters. So it seems this email will have to be split up. I am sorry!;39.6688;-77.1723
