possibly many crafts;2010-03-03 19:00:00;half hour;possibly many crafts I was driving home from work headed north on Rt. 50 coming through the town of Monee and headed into the Beecher/Crete area.  There is a racetrack in Crete and I frequently see lights form over that area for no reason.  These are hovering bright white lights low to the ground, they are not helicopters or airplanes. I initially saw two lights that turned into four light in the shape of a triangle but it was not a fixed object because a couple of lights would slightly move out of formation.  As I was focusing in on what this formation was I turned to the left to kind of see behind me as I was rounding a curve and I saw more lights that were bright, white and the same size and they made an even bigger formation.  I was only able to count about 10 lights but there may have been more behind me that I could not see. I had a very unnerving moment where when I looked up at the expanse of the sky it was a complete horseshoe and they were all in a line and just hovered and were bright.  I cannot believe the news did not report on it, I was not the only one on the road - there were plenty of us driving that night.  I have a feeling there were more lights behind me but my vantage point would not allow me to look as I had to concentrate on the road. When I pulled into my driveway, I got out of the vehicle hoping to see a big circle or the entire formation of the lights and half of them were gone.  Then I saw a couple more lights just go out. Then there was nothing. It was incredibly weird and I felt uneasy about it.  The duration from when I initially saw the first couple of lights was about 20 minutes-half hour.;41.439;-87.6027
4 orange lights in formation;2010-11-10 18:00:00;15 minutes;4 orange lights in formation Coming home from work headed east and northeast around 6:30pm I saw just over the horizon 4 bright round solid orange lights about the same distance apart (3 of them) and the 4th light just slightly more distance between it and the 3 others. It looked like they were the same height. One of the lights (they did not seem connected physically in any way) seemed to be changing color between bright orange and white and it appeared as if it were flipping and constantly turning. All 4 lights were hovering. These were not flares, i have seen flares before. There was no noise emitting from them and they seemed to be over the Balmoral Racetrack. I considered possibly helicopters taping an event or something - but these did not act like helicopters.  By the time I got home and ran in the house to get my camera, all the lights had gone out.  I do see lights FREQUENTLY over the racetrack and wonder if something natural is happening or explainable.  One thing I'd like t! o mention is that the lights went out one by one. I have seen it before ... its sort of a horshoe shape, like a gradual rainbow - not as harsh as a horseshoe. The lights lasted maybe 10-15 minutes, by the time that I had seen them they looked bright and I thought I'd have time enough to catch them on camera and film it. I now am carrying my camera hoping to catch them for submission.;41.439;-87.6027
