Orange Spheres over Crete, IL;2011-07-03 01:00:00;2 minutes;Orange Spheres over Crete, IL After returning home from work I was relaxing on my deck with a friend when I spotted an orange sphere moving over the tree line towards us from the north-northwest sky.  The object was a large orange sphere originally moving southward, disappearing behind a very thin, wispy cloud.   After the first sphere disappeared behind the clouds another three orange spheres approached from the same north-northwest direction, arranged in a line that was spaced perfectly apart, moving at the same speed and on the same level.   A bright white flash occurred behind the cloud, followed by the remaining three spheres passing into the cloud, each disappearing with its own flash.   No sounds accompanied the spheres. There were absolutely no fireworks anywhere in the sky at the time.;41.439;-87.6027
Red/Blue/White lights from one source in SSE Sky south of Crete, Illinois, sudden acceleration after hovering.;2014-10-14 20:00:00;15 minutes;Red/Blue/White lights from one source in SSE Sky south of Crete, Illinois, sudden acceleration after hovering. On the way out to my the barn tonight, located in rural Crete, Illinois, in the southern sky a little to the east, I noticed a stationary spot in the sky, alternating red, blue, and white light or lights, a single source, not like a plane's lights that appear as separate lights and near their wingtips. There are lots of planes in the sky at night out by me, and I see those all the time, but this was much different. I noticed it wasn't moving...or if it appeared to move, was in very, very  small circles...so got out the binoculars, turned all the exterior house lights off, and held them as steady as I could against a tree, and watched this thing for over 15 minutes.  I think it was spherical in shape, but I can't be sure. It never really seemed to move, the light just kept oscillating red, blue, white, appearing from a single point, not separate points...but this was at significant altitude, so it could have been separate lights close together.  At arms’ length, it’s size was perhaps 1 millimeter. After watching for this period of time, suddenly, in a %$#& instant, and I mean, in a half-second, it became a pinpoint, way far off, moving from the SSE to the SSW, and its inclination went from about 30 degrees off the horizon to perhaps 60 degrees. At arms’ length, its size at this point was only a fraction of a millimeter. I could barely make it out, but could still see a faint color change taking place, unlike the stars around it. Tried to keep focused on it, but it disappeared or I lost track of it.  Stayed out there for a while, hoping for another look, but the clouds moved in.;41.439;-87.6027
