Multiple occurrences of several white lights in formation moving rapidly, moving quickly in and out of formation.;2013-11-29 19:35:00;1 minute;Multiple occurrences of several white lights in formation moving rapidly, moving quickly in and out of formation. I was standing outside at around 1920 hours with two coworkers when one of my coworkers asked me if I see the triangle formation of lights, pointing to the south.  When I looked I did not see what he was referring to.  However, as we stood outside several minutes later I witnessed first hand a formation of rapidly moving white lights, moving from a north to south general direction.  When I observed the lights it appeared that at first, they were in a pointed formation similar to a chevron, however as they moved, the lights were moving in and out of formation randomly.  For example, some of the lights moved ahead of the others periodically, and then back, as others did the opposite.  There were approximately 10 or 12 of these lights in this particular instance.  Our viewing angle was approximately 120 to 150 degrees from where we were standing to the objects in question.  Approximately 5 minutes later, a third set of lights was seen, a! lso traveling the same trajectory as the previously mentioned.  However, there were only about 5 of the lights in this occurrence.  These particular lights were moving very rapidly as well, but in more of a line formation, semi-diagonal in nature from a north to south direction.  These particular lights did not appear to move out of formation as the aforementioned.  About 10 minutes later, myself and one of the two witnessing coworkers made a fourth observance of these lights, this time there were four lights in total.  The lights were much brighter this time, and coming from a more eastern direction heading west, south-west.  These four lights were packed much closer together, and weaving in and out of their formation rapidly.  As they approached our position, they changed course to a more southern direction very rapidly.  Each visual lasted approx. one minute, with the last one lasting slightly longer.  There was no sound associated with these occurrences, and! no other visible anomalies associated with them.;40.8784000000001;-82.6540999999999
