I was actually staying up all night trying not to go to sleep 2 fireball shaped  ufos they were zig zaging all over then lights started;2001-10-17 00:00:00;30 sec;I was actually staying up all night trying not to go to sleep 2 fireball shaped  ufos they were zig zaging all over then lights started to flash as if they were talking in morse code. they flew some more and bam they were just gone instantly you must remember I was half asleep but I saw what i saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.1448;-82.6965
Bright Orange Ball of Light appeared suddenly;2012-06-24 23:22:00;3-3 1/2 minutes;Bright Orange Ball of Light appeared suddenly At approximately 11:22 PM, on June 24, 2012 a bright orange light suddenly appeared  in the sky from the South. The day had been sunny and warm, with the temps in the high 80’s, that evening we had no breeze, it was very still.  We had some light cloud cover from a “dry” cold front which was moving in sometime for early morning.    My husband and I were watching TV in our Family Room.  I happen to look out and up and it appeared out of nowhere through the light, thin clouds, just above the roof of our house. Immediately I asked my husband if he’d seen it and told him, you’ve got to see this.  I quickly jumped out of my chair, and ran out our front door, with my husband right behind me.  It took us seconds, maybe 15 seconds at the most maybe, to get from the chair inside, out into the front yard.  It had changed from taking a straight line North direction in between the time it took for us to get out into our  front yard, by then it had had already taken a NE direction away from us toward Johnstown.  It moved very quickly and appeared to be already halfway at a distance away from us.   It was a bright orange molten ball of light, glowing with orange energy waves which were pulsating from the top of  it.  A gas line exploded several years ago a little ways up on the main street we live off of, this object was just as bright or brighter orange than that, the evening the gas line exploded.  My husband told me it appeared to be large to him. We never seen anything like it before.  We knew everything it was not.  It was not a meteor, it had no tail, it was not moving fast enough to be a meteor.  It was not pulsating bright orange energy waves like a ”Chinese Lantern“ would.  It was not a stationary star, a shooting star or a falling star, there was a half moon that evening and it was just starting to rise in the west.   As it was moving away from us, it never made any noise, or sound, it was totally  silent.  As we were watching this object heading ! away from us, there was a small plane in the sky at the same t! ime.  We heard a small airplane which was heading toward us from the North moving in a Southerly direction, it had the normal appearance of  an airplane with the white headlight and a blinking red~blue marking lights.  It is very common and something we’ve become very familiar with from evening airplane traffic.   We have constant airplane traffic both day and night, from private and commercial aircraft, going to and fro from Port Columbus.  We watched the object until it disappeared.  Our encounter lasted approximately 3-3 1/2 minutes;40.1448;-82.6965
