Orange ball of light at Bangor Submarine Base, WA 1/22/99 @ 0703 Hr.;1999-01-22 07:03:00;3-5 seconds;Orange ball of light at Bangor Submarine Base, WA 1/22/99 @ 0703 Hr. Traveling south on State Hwy 3, approaching the off ramp to the main gate of the Bangor Submarine base, I saw (1) one orange ball of light passing over the Luoto overpass (left to right) toward the base.  The light was approximately 20-feet above the overpass, the size of a softball or volleyball traveling at what I estimate to be 60-70 mph. When I exited the off ramp 15-20 seconds after the sighting, I could not see the ball of light or anything that may have caused it, only normal car traffic.  It was still fairly dark (dawn) and the weather was cloudy and dry at the time of the sighting.  There had been light showers on and off as I drove to work.  Thats it!  I hope someone reported this.;47.6621;-122.6981
very fast very bright light moving in a vertical(up) direction did not dim out just went out.;2003-07-30 22:53:00;1 second;very fast very bright light moving in a vertical(up) direction did not dim out just went out. I was sitting on chairs on my lawn smoking a cigarrette and i was looking at the sky. It had patches of clouds but i was focused on a clear spot in between two houses. The event was very fast. A very bright light took off in a vertical path(up)from the bottom of sky to a little bit over the houses. It was bright during the whole duration till it went out suddenly. The reason i thought this was strange because it was going faster then i have ever seen anything go in the sky and it was going straight up instead of horizontal.;47.6621;-122.6981
It was 9pm and I was walking outside to close up for the night and take the garbage out. My stepson was with me carrying one of the gar;2012-11-13 21:00:00;2 hours;It was 9pm and I was walking outside to close up for the night and take the garbage out. My stepson was with me carrying one of the garbage bags.  We walked to the disposal bin and looked across the sky - to the east, we see 3 bright lights in a broken line - they hover in the sky for about 10 minutes.  My stepson filmed these first lights with his mobile phone.  As they faded, I ran back to the apartment to get my camera.  When I came back there two of the lights remained, after about a couple of minutes another light appeared again with them, this time together they all formed a huge triangle in the sky.   Both myself and my stepson filmed this.  After about 10 minutes filming the lights faded out and you could make them out faintly as they moved away.   Both me and my stepson then ran back indoors to grab our coats, and warm clothes, and I got my tripod.  We went back out.  We waited until about 10 pm when one light appeared, it hovered in place for quite a while, then a second light appeared, and after that a third, again forming the same triangle formation as before.  It was amazing to see, they stayed like that for about 10 mins, and we both captured it on film again.  The lights were more of an orange light.  Then as one of the lights faded out, I saw a very bright white light to the far right of the remaining two.  Also on film.  Then after a short while that started to moved away.  The lights then all gradually faded out and moved westwards. We sat outside until 10:30pm but no more appeared so we went back indoors as it was bitterly cold.  The distance of them is hard to say, but Dyes Inlet is between where we are and where these lights are appearing, so they could be above the body of water, or above the properties on the other side of the inlet.  We see these lights often and still have no idea what they could be.  We see lots of planes, but they look very different.  There is no sound that we can hear.  We are going to go out tonight! to see if anything appears again.;47.6621;-122.6981
White light Orb flys across sky at a steady pace slows down then moves on.;2013-08-20 21:10:00;5 minutes;White light Orb flys across sky at a steady pace slows down then moves on. My husband and I had been taking photos of the nearly full Moon, the actual full Moon was to be on the 21st of August, and it was a very clear sky.  There are always planes flying around that time of night and they are easily spotted, as they always have flashing or pulsating lights.   The Moon was in the East.   I had my Binoculars out that have a tinting on the lenses, this helps when looking at a very bright object such as the Moon, you can see far more detail.  It was around 21:10 we decided to pack up the camera, put the binoculars and tripod in the car - I usually look towards the South West to see if I can see Arcturus which I have taken a few photos of recently.   We looked up and from the West was this very strong light/orb shaped it was traveling at a steady pace but would every now and then slow down.   Having my binoculars with me I took a good look at the object, it was no plane, it was literally just a light - the light was heading in the direction! of the Moon to the East, I followed the light to see where it was heading.  As it reached closer to the area of sky the Moon was in the light faded and then just vanished.   My husband did take a photo of the light but you can't really get much from the photo other than it is a light in the sky.  Judging the distance it was pretty low and was in no way a Satellite (I believe ISS was supposed to be visible also that night) however it was not the right time or direction.  I estimate that it was the same height as a plane would be.  There was no sound to it.  The light stayed constant until dimming when it reached the area of sky the Moon was in.  I did also take the opportunity to view a plane that was going over in the same area of sky and could clearly see the shape of the plane. There has been lots of strange activity in this area since the start of the year.;47.6621;-122.6981
Orange Orbs in night sky;2013-08-24 20:58:00;30 minutes;Orange Orbs in night sky It was 20:50pm and we (my husband and I) decided to take the rubbish out to the bin before we settled for the night - on arrival at the bin I noticed a light in the sky in the East/ North East direction which would have probably been over the Dyes Inlet bulk of water.  I looked away and helped my husband with disposing of the rubbish, we both then walked away and I saw that the light was still there and had not moved its position, we both looked and realized that this was the same kind of light we had seen in May this year with my parents (there were 6 orbs that time) I had my camera with me, ever since seeing the ones in May I always carry it.  I started to Video (and have made a youtube link will email over, and have taken stills from the movie will send them too)  The very bright orb of light remained in place for a long time - I was not taking count of the time, but by the time it had all finished and I was indoors it was 21:30pm - I would say the whole event was about 20 mins long.  There appeared a second and third orb these came into view for a while, one moved across the top of the main bright orb.  Eventually they all dimmed out. My husband and I plus my step son all saw these orbs.  There is aircraft in this area but they are very easy to spot as they have flashing lights on them, they were going over while we were witnessing these orbs.;47.6621;-122.6981
Orange orbs, lights in the night sky.;2013-09-18 21:00:00;19 minutes;Orange orbs, lights in the night sky My husband and I were just outside to look at the almost full Moon, when yet again we noticed bright lights, very orange brilliant light.  At first there were 3.  Two were closer together and the third one was a few miles to the south.  I watched the two whilst my husband went to get my camera - a 4th one appeared just under the two I was watching as the other light a few miles to the south dimmed out.  2 others dimmed out until I was just watching the 1 light, it was stationary - my husband gave me my camera and I started filming.   As I was filming the light in the South appeared again very brilliantly - I filmed this one too.   We stood there just watching the light.  There were planes going by in the distance moving fast with blinking lights - we see these every night.  The difference with these other lights is that they shine so very, very bright, sometimes they dim or just blink out completely.   So far this year we have seen them 4 times now, all differ! ent nights, and with several witnesses.;47.6621;-122.6981
Orange orbs, lights in the night sky;2013-10-13 20:59:00;5:44 minutes;Orange orbs, lights in the night sky We were locking up for the night (my husband and I) when my eye caught a light in the sky, we have seen these lights/orbs before so we always check for them.  I carry my camera with me now so I am ready to film anything and I managed to get 5:44 minutes worth on video, to begin with there was 1 light that was very brilliant - as I was looking at the camera screen I could make out that it was blinking or strobe like - then while I was filming a second light appears out of nowhere just to the left of the other light and a little further down.  It was amazing - I have taken stills from the video, was looking at the video frame by frame and it is incredible how many times these lights go out then come back.;47.6621;-122.6981
Orange orbs, lights in the night sky again.;2013-10-17 21:00:00;15 minutes;Orange orbs, lights in the night sky again We were out closing the gate again, and we went to have a look in the Sky to see if we could see anything, as we have so far filmed these lights on three different occasions - then I spotted a light and yes it was the same kind of pulsating light and very brilliant.   I was outside with my husband and Son, we all saw it, as I carried on filming a second one appeared further East to the left of the light I was filming.  Gradually the first light faded out.  Then to the right appeared two more lights in the sky, very similar to the two we watched on the 15th of October.   As we filmed we noticed a third light coming across very fast from the south, one of the two lights started to dim a little and move, then this one coming in from the south crossed right in front of it.   On closer inspection of the footage filmed it looks like it was chasing the other light.  Just an incredible night.  Will send Video and photos.;47.6621;-122.6981
Lights in the sky.;2013-10-23 20:58:00;1 hour;Lights in the sky Same time, while we were shutting the gate, now we go back to look to see if there are any lights - the last few days have been too foggy, but it was a clear night on the 23rd of October.  we saw the lights that we have been seeing during this month.  Again same brightness of light, and stationary in the sky.  They seem to dim then move then go very bright again.   Both my husband and I both use our film cameras now to capture the images - on closer inspection these lights or craft - whatever they are, seem to be in constant motion, almost like they are pulsations of energy, it is very strange to observe.  I also managed to film the Moon - which was very orange, and two of these lights in the same part of the Sky.  We have seen another light tonight 25th of October - same time as always, I always take my camera, and I have filmed it.;47.6621;-122.6981
Small star like light.;2014-08-05 04:30:00;2 minutes;small star like light I was out looking up at the stars this morning, as my husband was about to go to work,  I saw what I thought was a star, it was the same kind of light - but it was moving rather swiftly - It headed south east.   I am not sure if it is a satellite, taking a look at the times for ISS satellite and as far as I can see on space tracker it was not that.  It was very high as it did appear star like.  There was no sound;47.6621;-122.6981
