Large, triangular/diamond shaped, shiny metal, low flying silent object near  Bangor naval base.;2007-12-29 21:00:00;5 min;Large, triangular/diamond shaped, shiny metal, low flying silent object near  Bangor naval base. My co-worker and I were headed to work up on Bainbridge Island when we had just past the Kitsap mall exit and were going down a straight away on the highway and my coworker noticed an object we first thought was a plane.  He was concerned because it was very low and we thought it was moving slowly that it might be making a crash landing on the highway. As we neared it, it remained in the same location (Trigger Ave, outside of Bangor base) as in still or hovering. Then my coworker thought maybe it was a tower but, I’ve lived in this area for a long time and knew there was no tower there.  As we approached it, because it was hovering, I looked at it closely to determine what it was. When we first saw it looked like a plane with wing tip lights (white), a head light (white) in the middle and I think I remember a red light. Underneath the object there were more lights (white), not sure how many. From what I could make out between the lights was the object was triangular or diamond shaped and looked to be made of a shiny metal like aluminum of some sort. It was hovering about 500ft. in the air, a few yards from the highway, over a farm. That night skies were clear for the most part but a little cloud cover. The object was in a little low cloud but, still visible. The object was large and it was silent.  Weather it be alien or new military technology my co-worker and I know for a fact we saw something out of the ordinary that night.;47.6621;-122.6981
Triangular shape moved in the sky from my right to my left very quickly, and seemed to have appeared from mid-air.;2009-02-14 21:15:00;9 seconds;Triangular shape moved in the sky from my right to my left very quickly, and seemed to have appeared from mid-air. Standing on my balcony at approximately 21:15, I was smoking my cigarette and looked up at the stars. I thought immediately about how vulnerable the earth must be in space and had a feeling like something could hit it at any time and was a bit frightened by the thought. Just as this thought dissipated, I saw what appeared to be a slightly illuminated triangular shape very close to the same color as the sky, and three bulb like objects located at the outward ends of each of the triangular points of the shape.  The bulb like objects were either not lit at all or were very dim, but something was glowing, whether it was an illuminated track on the inner frame of the shape, or just the outline of the shape itself was luminescent. Also, it seemed to have appeared from nowhere, which startled me, and it moved so quickly from the far right all the way past me to the left that I could tell it was not moving in the way that an aircraft would move, nor did it make a single sound at all. There were no blinking or moving lights. The shape was about five or six hundred yards away. It was moving at what I could estimate at about 60 miles per hour. It continued moving away over the tree tops and apartment complexes to my left and disappeared. I am very frightened because this is not my first initial sighting. I had a much more intimate sighting close to the year 1997 at a Caldors in Waterford, Connecticut. I was with my Mother and sister at that time.;47.6621;-122.6981
