Unmanned, rear engine, gas powered drone, New Years Day, Winder Georgia.;2012-01-01 11:00:00;short;Unmanned, rear engine, gas powered drone, New Years Day, Winder Georgia. I was inside my house watching TV on New Years Day.  I heard a very loud noise outside in the sky from inside my house.  It was louder than my TV. I got up, went outside and looked to the sky. It was raining with VERY low visibility.  The craft was powered by what sounded like a gasoline engine. The craft was triangle shaped with rear mounted engine / propeller.  It was much smaller than an ordinary airplane.  I'm guessing it was some sort of unmanned drone but I have no idea why it would be flying in such low visibility / rain.  Just strange.  I'm guessing we will be seeing a lot more of them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9978;-83.7124000000001
Multi-colored, silent, low flying aircraft seen in Winder, GA on 1/15/14;2014-01-15 21:00:00;15 minutes;Multi-colored, silent, low flying aircraft seen in Winder, GA, on 1/15/14 My husband and I were letting our dogs out for the last time before we went to bed.  I have a love for star gazing and we often look for planets and constellations went we are outside with our dogs at night.  This is exactly what we were doing on the night of January 15, 2014.  We live near a small airport and are accustomed to seeing them flying at all hours.  (Also, my brother is in the airforce so I feel very confident in what different aircrafts look like).  But what we saw was so unlike any plane I have ever seen. We first just saw a very bright light on the horizon, moving slowly upward. I had already found the north star so I knew it wasn't that.  I thought maybe it could be a launching of a space craft in FL, but decided in North Georgia we were probably too far to see it with a naked eye.   As we watched it we noticed it wasn't going up, it was moving in our direction. When it got closer we realized the bright light was a spotlight in the very front of the aircraft and could see the beam spanning out in front of it.  When it flew overhead, it made no noise, and was flying helicopter low.  (We can hear the planes when they fly over us even though they are much higher in the sky.)  The underneath of the aircraft is what really shook us. It looked like a carnival ride.  There were so many lights.  The whole underside was filled with them.  Some where white, and they didn't blink or change, but the other ones did. One minute they were red then blue, or orange, or green.  In no particular pattern! or variation.  They changed at different times, with no set time in between.  The white lights were always white, but the colored lights changed so drastically and were never in unison. It was so bizarre.  Our phones were in the house and we even talked about one of us running in to get to get one so that we could try to film it, but neither of us wanted to miss it. It was extraordinary.  The whole thing was probably around 15 or 20 minutes.  It was flying very slow and every low for how big it was.  It was V-shaped, almost like a fighter jet, but not quite.  The aircraft itself was had to make out the exact shape because it was black against the sky. I have never had a UFO encounter before and didn't really know what to do about it, if anything.  I am definitely not saying it's aliens!  I want that to be very clear.  (There is no real evidence that they even exist and without hard evidence I am still skeptical.)  I'm just saying that I could not identify it and it was like nothing I have ever seen or heard of.  I still think about it often and every now and then I will do some googleing to see if I can find a known, man made aircraft that it could have been.   That is actually how I came across this website (http://patch.com/georgia/barrow/ufos-sighted-near-winder) of people in my area who saw what sounds to be the same thing - a relief for me because I know how crazy it sounds.  And I also found your website in my latest googleing fiasco, so I thought I would tell you all my story to see if maybe you would be able to help answer what my husband and I saw that night and put our minds at ease.;33.9978;-83.7124000000001
