Six lights as bright as  staium lights on chevron shaped object hovering over grove of trees.6;2001-10-14 20:45:00;5 minutes;Six lights as bright as  staium lights on chevron shaped object hovering over grove of trees.6 Objct seen at night as I drove East on 10th street.  Appeared as a very bright round light. Also appeared to be accompanied by  smaller aircraft like a heliocopter. I rolled down my truck window (drivers side) to listen for any heliocoptersound but did not hea any. This took less than a minute. I than noticed some extrememly bright lights over a grove of trees to my right . The lights were as bright as in a sports stadium. There were six very bright distinct round lighs. Three on either side as if in a v or perhaps chevron shape. I slowd down to about 30 miles per hour and rolled down the passenger window but sa no movement and heard no sound. The tops of the trees were extremely lit up. I stopped at the corner of 10th and manning(there were two guys and a Quest truck down in the ditch working on some cable I think. They appeared ot to notice the lights. I than turned left to go home To Stillwater and could still  see the bright lights in my rear view mirrior. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));44.9935;-92.9035
5 mi sighting of a soundless chevron craft with six lights as bright as those on a baseball field .;2001-11-14 20:45:00;5 minutes;5 mi sighting of a soundless chevron craft with six lights as bright as those on a baseball field . While driving east on 10th street , I observed some very bright white lights high up in the sky. They appeared to be moving west toward the direction I was going. I at first thought it was a big commercial jet or military plane headed to the mpls. airport or the U.S.  Airforce reserve base located next to the Mpls. airport. Then while observing these lights I could no longer tell if they were moving or hovering. There also appeared to be a smaller craft to the north of this big craft. I rolled down my drivers side window and guessed it may have been a helicopter but no sound could be heard. When my attention refocused on the other craft it appeared to be hovering over a grove of trees on manning. I could easily distinguish three bright ligets on either side of a chevron or perhaps a triangular shape. I could not tell which as I believe I was looking at it dead on. I than rolled down the passenger side window and slowed downto about 20 miles per hr expecting to hear some sound. I heard nothing. The six bright lights completely lit up the tops of the trees. They became baseball field bright. I stopped at the corner of manning and 10th street (its a four way stop) and noticed that two guys were working on a telephone line. (a Quest truck was parked there) Looking to my right I still could see the tree line lit up. I turned left to head home to Stillwater and looked at my rear view mirrior and coule still see the tree line lit up. I checked with the Washington County police Dept to see if anyone else had reported anything, but was told no. I also called Lake Elmo Airport and no reports were taken either. I'm pretty neutral about the ufo thing as I'm Catholic and pretty  conservative on my view of such matters.  I'm not scared about this but would like hear if others have seen something like this.;44.9935;-92.9035
