Aircraft of the future spotted above backyard soaring across the sky.;2002-08-10 13:00:00;2 minutes;Aircraft of the future spotted above backyard soaring across the sky. Although it was a very long time ago, I just mustered up the effort to make a formal report on my sighting. It was in the afternoon, and I was in my backyard. Looking up, I noticed an amazing sort of aircraft crossing right above the wooded area at my home. The craft was an almost exact replica of the Starship Enterprise in the original StarTrek series. As a matter of fact, I said to myself, Holy hell, it's the Enterprise. I was amazed, a bit in shock, and extremely excited as I just stood with my jaw dropped staring at the object which was very high in the sky, yet cleary visible to me. It was saucer shaped in the front with two long, slender formations to its rear. When I told my father and brother immediately after it vanished in the distance, they laughed. But I know what I saw, and it was crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.7287000000001;-71.1833999999999
I observed what appeared to be the phenomenon of Rods  but with a deliberate purpose.;2014-05-12 20:45:00;3 seconds;I observed what appeared to be the phenomenon of &quotRods&quot,   but with a deliberate purpose. I reported a sighting on May 9, 2014, to this website.  I had a strange thing happen after, that somehow appears connected.  I was siting on my porch. The night may have been a bit overcast.  I was thinking about what I observed on the 8th of May.  I was looking south when just about 50 feet off the ground a black object whizzed by my view and disappeared over the roof of the house.  It was about 20 feet in front of me. It was travelling east.  Less than a second later, from over the roof the object shot out in a southerly direction and headed south.  It was travelling directly away from me.  Of course the speed is the key. You could barely see it. I was questioning what I had seen when it first went by and over the roof.  I can only describe it as a black opaque sighting.  I first thought it had to be a bat or bird.  I realized that was impossible.  This object had to be solid, but was going so fast it looked as a blur.  The blur was about 8 inches wide, not just thin.  While I was trying to figure out what I saw, it obviously changed direction in a micro-second and shot off south.  Exactly away from me.  Now the black object had mass.  Going away from me, it appeared as a small black dot. About the size of a golf ball. What ever this was, it appeared that it triangulated over my house.  It did apex my location.  It appeared to be a deliberate destination.  This is the most interesting part of the phenomenon.  It appeared mechanical and with purpose.  It appeared that my location was it's destination. I spoke with my son about it days later.  He related that he just viewed a video from Boston that was about the rods phenomenon.  He suggested I look at the same video. I viewed the video and I concluded that this was exactly what I may have witnesses.  I am sharing this only for purposes of facts, surrounding the UFO phenomenon and the Rods phenomenon.  These both appear related, at least in my case. I think this is very important to document. I have no conclusions to these 2 occurrences, except I do think they are related.  I questioned what I seen, and am 100% sure I seen it.  I know I did see what I described.  I seen it a night or two before, but thought it was birds or maybe it did not happen.  When I seen it this time, I took notice and I knew it was real. The key point is, when travelling across my view, it was a blur, then going away from my view, it had mass and was a black dot.  That in itself indicates very strongly that it was there. The date and time is approximate.;42.7287000000001;-71.1833999999999
Moving red glowing orb of light.;2016-02-11 04:50:00;1 hour;Moving red glowing orb of light. I was taking my morning walk when I noticed a light in the distance.  The light was about 100 feet above the tree tops and it was red, but then would turn white.  It looked like it was spinning rapidly.  I walked further down the road almost into the next state as I like right on the border of new hampshire.  The object started to move back and forth slowly and as it did that i noticed that it moved up and down.  It got really bright for a moment and then really dull to the point that it was almost faded completely out.  I became really tired all the sudden and felt like i should go home.  As i did i noticed a car pull off to the side of the road.  An older man got out and was looking at the light.  He was to far away for us to speak and it was dark so i did not want to approach him as i thought a young man popping out of the dark side street would probably cause alarm.  I took a picture with my cell but it only showed up as a little red and white dot that you need to zoom in to see.  So as i finally finished up my walk i noticed that it faded out and i fell like the whole event wasn't important.  I decided to report it anyways because this was my first ufo sighting and i didn't want to let my experience go to waste.   p.s. I've never felt this tired before I'm in my 20's and run track still.  I was actually worried and wonder if it was me or the object that made me feel that way.  Can a ufo do that?  Thanks;42.7287000000001;-71.1833999999999
