The siting is old, but worth reporting. Much evidence of all types.;1988-08-13 02:00:00;2 minutes;The siting is old, but worth reporting.  Much evidence of all types. On or about that date in the early morning hours, my sister heard a loud vibrating on-going bang in the house.  She thought it was the boiler exploding.  The whole house shook with the noise and it lasted more than a few minutes. She ran to my father, asleep in the in-law apartment.  The house is a single level ranch.  She screamed to my father that something just exploded.  My father heard it too and it woke him. The noise was so loud and on-going.  He felt the noise and vibration was from above the house, not the cellar.  He ran out the door onto the porch and looked up in the dark, possibly overcast, sky.  He still heard a very strange loud vibrating noise.  The house was still vibrating.  He believed he seen some type of unknown craft, large and dark just above the tree line across the street and moving away slowly, very slow. He told me the story the next day.  It was in the local paper that many, many, people called the police that night, as they all reported a loud, loud, craft or crafts flying in the sky in west Methuen and headed towards East Methuen, where my father lives.  It was also reported to the police that someone on the west side observed several helicopters flying low in the area. The local paper did an investigation and reported on the front page.  Pease Air force base in nearby Portsmouth, NH, denied it was them, as they are forbidden to fly low and through neighborhoods. The manager at Lawrence Airport related that there were no incidents of any kind there, or connected to flights at the airport there. This all appeared in the Eagle-Tribune News Paper as well. The strangest surprise I got when I went to my fathers house the next day was, a large maple tree in the front of the house had broken tiny limbs all over the ground under the tree.  They had leaves on them.  They were basketball sized clusters on the ground. It was an abnormal sight and I seen it before I got to the house.  The strange thing was, the clusters were directly under the tree. Not scattered about. Which indicates a direct downward energy.  I took my father out to show him.  Solid evidence that something went over his house, as the tree was taller than the house.  Very good corroboration with this incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.7287000000001;-71.1833999999999
