Gaseous object with 4 bright lights speeds across sky over Lake Jackson, TX.;2008-05-04 00:00:00;5 seconds;Gaseous object with 4 bright lights speeds across sky over Lake Jackson, TX. On the night of May 4th at approximately 12:00 AM, I was sitting on the back porch having a cigarette. Earlier in the week I was driving down a highway (FM 2004) near my home. To my left I noticed what appeared to be two bright objects much larger than any star. They appeared to be changing positions, almost making formations with each other. It was hard for me to look at them and pay attention to the road at the same time. My first instinct was that I was crazy, and that they had to be planes or helicopters. The next time I had a chance to look for the objects they had moved a large distance in the sky. The next time I looked for them I could not find them. I was very curious about what I had seen, but it did not phase me that much. As I was nearing home I can see what appears to be a military aircraft flying overhead at a low altitude. The plane was flying low enough to where I could clearly make out the body of the aircraft from the lights on the underside of the plane. It was sort of an F16 type shape. It was definitely not a common aircraft. I do not recall if it made any noise. I got home and told myself that all I had seen were some uncommon airplanes flying in the area (possibly military). Throughout all of the last week that night has replayed in my mind. The more I think about it the more odd it becomes. On May 4th, as I was sitting outside something caught my attention to my left. I don’t know why I chose to look that direction at that time, but I almost wish I didn’t. What I saw left me sitting in my chair unable to move for several minutes. An object moving at an extremely rapid speed bolted across the sky away from my position. It had four lights lined up horizontally. They were huge and bright. They were mostly white but appeared to have a mixture of green and blue. I sat motionless in shock trying to come up with words to describe the object I had seen. My first thought of how to describe it was that it might have been 4 single objects moving sort of like a wave in some sort of an aura. While I was looking at the sightings report form on your website, I saw the word gaseous in your checklist. The word gaseous perfectly describes the object that I saw. The four lights were very individual, but they were all encompassed in the gaseous aura. It was a hazy gray color which was very contrasting to the bright white/green/blue’ish lights. It appeared to be shaped sort of like a boomerang. It was either flying at a very low altitude or it was an enourmous object. It was simply the largest thing I had ever seen in the sky. The final detail is that it dead silent and it seemingly appeared out of nowhere only to disappear as it bolted across the sky. I would say it was only visible for a few seconds, but I was looking at it head on from start to finish. The sighting really shook me up. I can definitely say that it was unidentifiable. I became very emotional, sort of terrified. I shed a few tears and finished my cigarette. I couldn’t stop looking at the sky even though I desperately wanted to go inside where I feel safe. About 5 minutes later I’m still sitting outside and am now having another cigarette. I have settled down a little bit. My eyes are still fixated on the sky though. I see what I am almost certain is a helicopter. This is not unusual at all and I did not think anything of it. I could barely hear it it was pretty far off in the distance. A few minutes later, I start to hear a dull rumble. I recognized the sound as a jet instantly. It wasn’t loud, but it was the loudest noise at the time (it was very quiet). When I see the jet it was very similar to the one I had seen earlier in the week. Although this time it was at a much higher altitude and much farther away. It was flying in the relative direction of the unknown object I had seen about 10-15 minutes earlier. I’m writing this right now and it’s only been about an hour since all of this took place. I wanted to get my thoughts while I could still remember all of the details. I don’t know if I am going to talk about this with any of my friends of family yet. I’m scared that they’ll think I’m crazy. This sighting is so haunting to me that I feel I have to report it. I believe that I saw something that is truly unexplainable.;29.0382;-95.4416000000001
