We/I saw 6 orangish light over Blaine County.  ((Anonymous report));2005-11-18 18:30:00;1 minute;We/I saw 6 orangish light over Blaine County.. I was driving to south from Fort Belknap along on Route 66, at half way to our home and as I look out while my mom was looking up in sky for half seconds at that time, she finally ask me is that an airplane, and I look under over her passenger window, at first I thought it can't be and I never saw anything like that defintely it was not aircraft with strobe light.  6 orangeish alike colors in the line and two in front were seprated from other four light and moving forward at great speed and disappear while the other four still at same place with out any motion and two light little light starting to approach closer behind the four light as it become more bigger and brighter light like the other lights still at same place while two approaching park right behind the four light and the four lights starting to fade away  the other two fade away quickly. I thought it was firework but when two light came back look like entering earth and doesnt even look like shoot from the ground it and it defintely came from the sky. My mom agrees its not any kind of an aircrafts no big airplane can fly together like that or at great speed. My mom doesnt know for sure it was orangeish alike but she saw some of not really white almost like very light brownish like haze, but  something is very unsual  when four lights dont even move at all at whole minute while the other fly around and come back to them and then she agree with me that it is UFO… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.9878;-108.6925
Moving, red, yellow, orange, blue, green dancing and blinking in the western sky near Hays.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));2007-02-18 20:00:00;10 minutes;Moving, red, yellow, orange, blue, green dancing and blinking in the western sky near Hays At approximately 7:45pm Sunday evening I was driving in my car in Hays going north on the dump road when I noticed a bright object (similiar) to a star in the western sky.  It was really bright and very low, I drove into my cousins driveway and told the occupants to look outside because I thought I saw a UFO or something.  One of the boys looked outside and said, Oh yeah I see it, it might be a star. Then I left the house and continued to watch the object in the sky.  It kept changing colors to red, blue and yellow-orange.  I then picked my boyfriend up and I told him about the UFO. We went on the grade near Hays and parked there with our lights off and watched this object for 10 minutes.  It started to change and look like a fireball, changing colors again, red, blue and orange and a little blue green light came out of the right bottom side of it.  The object or fireball began to dance side to side up and down then it would stop and it started to grow larger. My boyfriend said, You better start the car it looks like its coming toward us. The object started to come toward us as it moved back and forth.  It seemed to know that we were watching it, I started to get scared and started the car and when the lights came on in my car the object disappeared from view.  We then drove home and called friends in neighbors about the UFO.  Apparently alot of these objects or UFO's are sighted over Hays.  It was scarey!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));47.9878;-108.6925
