Large reddish pink light Decending from sky in southern lancaster county, Pennsylvania;2007-01-16 23:30:00;3 min.;Large reddish pink light Decending from sky in southern lancaster county, Pennsylvania Late on the night of Wednesday, January 17, around 11:30 PM, I noticed a strange red light is the sky.  It was about the size of a car and was falling from the sky from east to west over 272 in the area of shiprock road.  My girlfriend and I were taking our dog out when we noticed it.  It was a reddish pinkish color with a reddish haze around the outside.  The light from the object was so bright that the pavement on the road had the red light cast on it.  It fell slowly towards the West and once it was close to the ground suddenly disappeared.  I am extremely skeptical as to what this was.  I know it was not a flair, this was far too big, high and bright but similar in color. I called the local news right when I had seen this and reported it. Then on Thursday a friend who was traveling north about 2 miles from where I was on the 17th, at 11:30, had reported seeing the same mysterious light.  Our stories were identical when we compared notes.  I know more people had seen the object, there were cars traveling on 272 at the time and there's no way you could miss this thing.  I would greatly appreciate if you looked into this further.  This was a large object, again about the size of a 4 door car, where ever it landed it should be visible.  It went down behind the tree line somewhere starting from the west of 272 in the shiprock road area heading towards the frogtown area.  Please let me know if your hear anything more or find anything out.  It would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Update of  reddish pink lights over southern lancaster This is a follow up to the sighting I had seen on Tuesday, January 16.  I had got my days confused and originally had written Wednesday, January 17 but after comparing notes with other witnesses realized it was indeed the night of the 16th.  In addition three more people have come forward and described seeing the same reddish pink light.  I had described seeing a reddish pink glowing object approx. 100 - 1000 feet high slowly moving east to west across 272 by shiprock road.   Two of the witnesses that have recently come forward were located about 1 Mile north of my location on 272 south by the end of herrville road.  They reported seeing the same object but had said there was 2. They had said the objects were traveling west over shiprock road , where i was located, when one of the objects suddenly dissapeared. The other continued descending to the west.  In addition a close friends mother has come forward and had seen the exact same object (only one) while taking her dogs out from her home on Mount Hope School Rd.  Iam working on my triangulation's and other visual aids and will be sending them soon.  Thank you ((END ADDENDUM));39.9655;-76.2809
