A bright white light descended rapidly out of a low hanging cloud in an evening sky.;2019-10-13 19:29:00;10 seconds;A bright white light descended rapidly out of a low hanging cloud in an evening sky. I happened to look up at a fast moving cone shaped object descending rapidly out of a low hanging cloud. The sky was blocked out by these low clouds. The sun either had already set or was blocked out by these grey low hanging clouds. There was approximately 35% ambient light remaining at the moment of the sighting. The clouds were at 1500 ft and broken. Some clouds were higher some lower but blocking out the evening sky. This object as I said dropped rapidly to approximately 500 ft elevation. It hovered there for 3 seconds then, It flew rapidly to the right, stopped after traveling about 30 degrees across a 180 degree field of view. After traveling quickly across that distance it stopped abruptly, held position for 3 seconds and reversed direction. It flew back in the direction from which it came as it gained altitude. It made several quick upward maneuvers as it traveled never changing shape as an aircraft would as it would turn to, or away from you as it m! aneuvered. It then stopped abruptly again. Hovered for an instant then it moved back to the right, as it very rapidly descended downward out of my field of view. It never reappeared in 5 minutes as I continued to scan the evening sky. I happened to be walking my dog and my dog alerted me to it, which began my sighting. My dog was frightened by the sight and she immediately turned around and headed back to the house we had come from 30 seconds before. It made a very faint humming sound as it maneuvered. It was cone shaped and seemed as though a bright whitish green light was suspended below the cone. It had what appeared to be a bright white light at the apex of the cone. These lights never changed their relative position as it sped around the sky. I am a 66 year old man. I have excellent uncorrected vision. I am a licensed Private Pilot and not prone to rash judgements. I have never made a UFO report before and frankly didnt want to report this one. I don't want attention or publicity for this sighting. Being a Pilot I do Not want to go on record as having witnessed this UFO.  I felt duty bound to report this sighting so as to add my report to any others that might be made in response to this sighting.;26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
