i have always seen or have taken part of paranormal activities since i was very young(from out-of-body experiences,spirits,and ufos).i ;1997-03-10 21:00:00;?;i have always seen or have taken part of paranormal activities since i was very young(from out-of-body experiences,spirits,and ufos).i have a very strange scar on the palm of my right hand.what occurd the night of this particular sighting was that my girlfriend and i were on our way to work.i saw something in front of us(around 30 ft ahead/20 ft above us)it was very dark that night so we could'nt see a shape but it had little bulbs with diffrent colors under it(only like 10 bulbs and they were spread out about 7 ft away from eachother in no specific shape).the ufo was probably about 20 ft long 20 ft wide.i pointed this thing to my girlfriend and as always made it know this was a ufo.we drove towards it until we got to a stop sign.we then got out of the car to look at it.it seem to be 15 ft above us at that point.it passed on top of us without making a sound.it was moving about 3 mph.the strange thing is that i always talked about all my encounters with ufos in the past but some how we both got back in the car and took off almost without think about what we just saw! 2 years after that incident my girlfriend and i started talking about that night and wondered why we never got as excited as we thought we would have and how we didnt even try to follow it or even remember it like we do now! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
We are currently watching a flashing red, blue, green, silver light in the eastern sky of SW Florida.  It was in the Western sky as the;2002-05-24 22:00:00;still happening;We are currently watching a flashing red, blue, green, silver light in the eastern sky of SW Florida.  It was in the Western sky as the planets rose about an hour ago, and has since moved to current postion in the Eastern Sky ( or there are two).  We are stil watching it, and as we are new to a sighting unsure of who else to contact! You are my first find on-line. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witnesses were looking at celestial bodies, although the data provided by the witness is a bit ambiguous.  Celestial objects in the western sky, where several planets currently are located in the early evening, do not rise.   If, in fact, and object moved from the western sky to the eastern sky over the course of an hour, it is not a celestial body or satellite.  However, we suspect that the witnesses may have mistaken stars rising from the eastern horizon for the planets which had set to the west.  PD));26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
Pulsing light pusued by military jets;2003-06-01 23:30:00;10:min;Pulsing light pusued by military jets I live in Naples Fla,about five miles inland from the gulf, I viewed this occurence from my place of business which is very close to my home and in an industrial area but close to a well traveled highway. Well I it started a few days before this sighting that something out of the ordinary was going on. For approximately four days two military jets loitered in the area,several of my friends heard and watched them on several occasions that week. They stayed in the same exact area going about five to ten minutes out( west and over the gulf)and then returning almost overhead,I live and work very close to were they were doing this so I could hear them almost continuously. They did this All day and well into each night,could have been all night but I didnt stay up to find out. On the last evening that they loitered something strange happened, at 8:30 PM I arrived at my shop to drop off some equipment I had just purchased, I heard the jets as usuall and watched them as they headed away from me towards the gulf, I turned around and started to unload my truck,A bright light pulse( Only way I can describe it) cought my eye and I looked up, it didnt flash again for about 10 seconds(approx) then it pulsed again, a few seconds later it pulsed again but it looked like it was aimed away from the ground and towards the sky, then a few seconds later another pulse towards the ground. There were no other lights on IT and I couldnt hear IT, it was very dark out so I couldnt see a silouhette of any kind. So Im watching this thing and the next thing I hear are those jets heading back towards were I am but this time the engines are alot louder,I see one more pulse of light slightly west of the last pulse and away from were the jets are coming from and into an area that is cloudy so I couldnt see alot more. The jets arrived over head heading directly towards were the last light pulse occured, I saw a streek of light through a small opening in the cloud bank, Im not sure whether it was the jets or the object.My exact feeling at that time with the aggresiveness exerted by the jets was that there going to shoot this thing down, I watched for a few minutes in almost horror and fear and listened to the jets as they raced away. I didnt see the light ever again, the jets returned approx one hour later stayed approx one more hour and I never heard them again after that. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
High altitude, stationary flashing light, 3 minutes in duration.;2008-12-16 21:28:00;3 mins.;High altitude, stationary flashing light, 3 minutes in duration. On  12/16/08 at apporx. 21:28 I was out in my yard smoking.  Not looking at any particular area of the sky.   Out of the corner of my eye a flashing white light caught my eye.  I looked up and saw nothing, I proceed to look at other things.  Again a flash caught my eye, again I looked up and saw nothing again.  This happened again, I thought I was just getting a glare off of my glasses.  This time I stared at the area where I saw the light flash.  This time I saw the flash.  I thought it was just a high flying airplane.  I stared at the area for approximately  3 minutes and the light flashed at intervals of approximately  one every 15 sec..  This light was  stationary , it did not move.  It was not much brighter or larger than a distant star.  I fixed it’s position with a star  to determine if it was moving and just so high that it appeared to be stationary.  It did not change position.  After about three minutes the light grew dimmer and dimmer with each flash until it was no longer visible.  This dimming lasted about the duration of 3 flashes.  As it grew dimmer it stayed in it’s original position The light was observed in the southern sky from my  position, high above the horizon.  There was no sound associated with this light.  The sky was cloudless, 100% clear.  A commercial jet flew through my line of sight at the time of the flashing light and  it’s lights were much, much brighter, and much larger.   The jet seemed to be at a normal cruising altitude, the flashing light seemed to be much, much higher. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
Possible abduction.;2011-06-17 00:00:00;?;Possible abduction.   I don't exactly know where to begin.  To be honest I don't even want to speak about it, but I feel like someone should know what happened. Before I begin.  You must understand I don't want anyone to know about what happened.  I don't want to become famous.  I don't want to be known.  I don't want to make money off this.  I don't want to ever speak about it again it scares me so much.  This is the truth as best as I can tell it. It all seemed like a dream except there was a physical sense of reality and feeling. I went to sleep around 10pm.  In a room with another person sleeping in a bed next to my bed, similar to sharing a hotel room.  I go to sleep.  Everything was normal. I regain consciousness to what seemed like a hospital room.  The first thing I noticed was I was laying back down on what appeared to be a hospital bed.  Immediately I assume I'm in a hospital.  As I realize there is no way I could be in a hospital I began to look around.... I notice the walls of the room seem to be of a metallic color.  This freaked me out because I know hospital rooms have bright colors and do not have metal walls.  This is when I went on a defense mode.  I started trying to understand my surrounding environments and the more details I noticed the more confused and scared I became. I make a quick glance to my right and I think I saw 2 people.  Near my feet another 2.  Then to my left a person sitting in a chair perpendicular to my hospital bed.  My attention is struck by the person on the left of me in the chair.  At this time I realized I was unable to move almost like being asleep but awake at the same time.  Maybe I could explain the feeling as in a coma but with a mental awareness plus I could see everything. The person to the left was a female human.  This I know for sure. I was so scared I remember her telling me it was ok and it would all be over soon.  I then look at her as she puts a needle in my left arm.  Similar to how an IV needle is placed but different.  Their technique of placing the needle required no tape or gauze to hold it in place.  Which I have never seen and I have been in the hospital before so I know how IV needles are placed.  The needle itself was metal but it's luster was odd.  I can't remember if it was too dull or too shiny. But I know for a fact the luster was off.  Nothing I have ever seen before possibly an unknown metal. So, the lady to the left of me said there was nothing to worry about.  When I heard that I went from defense mode to panic mode.  Nothing to worry about to me means your screwed and you can't do any thing about it.  So I tried to move but couldn't.  Then the real panic and fear set into me. Again you have to understand something about me.  I am NOT scared easily.  I am not weak.  And I have no problem facing fears or going into combat.  So for me to be scared out of my mind.  It truly speaks for itself.  Anyways.... The last thing I remember seeing at that point was the person in front of me (one of the people by me feet).  They had what seemed to be a wire connecting to an led flashlight (that's what it looked like) it was all white and I could see the led bulbs in the flashlight.  I was explained through a mental communication that this was a way to know or decipher something.  I think it was to know who I am or to locate me or something.  It was done for a reason I just can't remember exactly why. The flashlight thing was designed so the placement of each bulb could be measured through its complex variations and measurements so that it could be calculated to individually differentiate people.  In essence to separate them or track them.  Not sure exactly what or why.  But it didn't seem to be in bad intent. They literally touched the lights to my right foot.  I didn't feel any pain or anything.  Just like someone touching your foot with a flashlight.  I blacked out after that. I woke back up in the same room.  No idea how much time had passed by. No one was in the metal room.  Just me by myself. Near where my feet were, were the person holding the flashlight was, there was a door. Same color as the walls.  Metal.  I go through the door.  (Now it gets hard to explain). It was a diagonal hallway.  On one side (opposite of the door) it was a solid metal flat wall.  Maybe 100 feet long from what I could see.  I went 10 feet to the right.  Saw a door. Opened it.  It was the same looking room I was just in.  I close the door.  Start walking down the hallway in the opposite direction.  I pass maybe 10 rooms identical to what I just came out of. When I get to what seems to be a pivot point In the ship I almost shit in my pants.  I could only imagine the ship I was in being the shape of the letter V.  The pivot point I speak of would be the intersecting plot point.  When I got to that spot there was a giant window.  Maybe 30 feet tall 75 feet wide.  And when I looked out the window I saw earth.  It was glorious to view.  Making me realize I was not on my own planet. I panicked needless to say.  Then I saw beings walk by me. Not human.  The one I focused on had an olive colored skin. Looked wet but dry maybe like a lizard or snake.  The face looked like a (Mexican x Asian x African) in facial features (nose mouth eyes etc).  The strangest thing about them was they had what looked like fish gills, on the side of their face, where a humans cheeks are.  Almost like slicing a persons cheeks to look like gills or flaps.  They must have been 6.5-7 feet tall. I asked the being if this was all real and it grabbed my hand.  Next thing I know I regain consciousness inside my own bathroom.  I was stuck staring in the mirror in my bathroom. When I snapped into reality I realized I was in shock.  I looked where the needle was inserted into my arm and there was a blood spot or scab (coagulated blood).  When I realized I was staring in the mirror I noticed I was hallucinating (sort of, it was a feeling not a visual).  I felt like I had been in the ocean all day, got out of the ocean, and still felt the waves.  Or like I was skiing on a mountain all day and got off he mountains and felt like I was still skiing.  I also came to realize that at this point it was 6:45-7:00am.  Almost 9 hours had passed.  I felt so tired like I hadn't slept all night. My hallucinations wore off a few hours after the bathroom.  I came to the conclusion that the hallucinations had something to do with ((what)) they did to me. A few weeks later a spot identical to the shape of the led lights to my foot showed up.  They have never left i still have the physical marking left over from what they did even to this day.;26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
Little fireballs in the sky!;2012-02-08 18:30:00;1 minute or so;Little fireballs in the sky! My neighbors came running out of their house because their dog started acting funny, growling while looking at the widnow but would not get up.  When they looked outside they saw lights in the sky. I was on my lani and they yelled for me.  I ran out into my driveway and they pointed to the sky.  It wasd over marco island, a bunch of small fireballs!! I have NEVER seen anything like it in my life!! We shouted for our other neighbors to come out too. We all just stood there!  Then they just kind of fizzled out.  They were pretty much stationary and were not blinking, just there for a minute or so!  I called the local news station to see if anyone reported seeing them but they said no.  It was an experience I will never forget!;26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
Red light no engine sound heard hovering over tree tops.;2013-08-22 22:30:00;5 minutes;Red light no engine sound heard hovering over tree tops. I was on my way to work at 10:30pm and i saw a red light flying over the street and then it came to a complete stop  Then it started hovering over the tree tops.  It was kind of round and it had some red lights flashing on the front and a bright white light coming from the top which I was able to see as I got far from it.;26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
Object moving different directions flashing a powerful bright light then joined by another identical object;2013-10-20 14:00:00;45 minutes;object moving different directions flashing a powerful bright light then joined by another identical object I was with my wife at Naples Beach, Florida, when at approximately 2 PM, under a beautiful sunny blue sky I saw at a distance of 4 or 5 miles of the beach shore, into the city itself, at an altitude of 1000 feet more or less, a craft ascending, which at the beginning thought it was an airplane, specially since there is an airport in the area.  However, after a few seconds and keeping an eye on the object, noticed that the flight pattern was not of a plane.  It would stop, move sideways, back and forth and it also kept flashing a powerful bright light, like a beacon.   First I thought it was the sun shining in the fuselage, but the sequence convinced me it was a light from the object. Then it started going up in a zig zag  motion until it reached a very high altitude, to the point that it looked like a star in the sky.  There it stopped moving and it could only be seen by the flashing light.   I asked my wife, who is very skeptical of UFO'S to witness with me what ! I was seeing.  We would see the bright light flashing as if they were observing us.  But the most impressive thing, is when out of nowhere another flashing light appeared next to the first one, and after 3 or 5 minutes they both disappeared at the same time.  I am 63 years old, well educated and also airplane enthusiast, so I can definitively say that what we so was a UFO.;26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
NO ABDUCTION---YOUR SYSTEM MADE A MISTAKE REGARDING MY PRIOR SUBMISSION.;2018-07-10 21:35:00;1  minute;NO ABDUCTION---YOUR SYSTEM MADE A MISTAKE REGARDING MY PRIOR SUBMISSION. I SEE THE CONFIRM NOTICE YOU SENT AND IT IS ERRONEOUS.  I NEVRE, NEVER, NEVER SAID THERE WAS AN ABDUCTION, YET YOUR CONFIRM SHEET STATES THAT I DID. THERE WAS NO ABDUCTION.  WHAT IS WRON WITH YOUR SYSTEM? ((NUFORC Note:  As of the date we received the above statement, we had not yet posted the report that this comment applies to.  We are not aware that we have labeled a report from Naples, FL, as a possible abduction.  PD));26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
See above.;2018-07-10 21:35:00;1  minute;see above A white streak raced across the sky in my backyard as I walked my dog.  The distance it spanned (from my vantage point) was about 3-4 yds as applied to the sky.  Then, the light stopped and remained still with red and white blinking lights, remaining in one place for more than a minute.   It then, gradually moved to my right very slowly and disappeared behind a clump of trees, not to resurface.  I was unable to see the shape of object.  I have never seen an object fly so quickly across the sky.  After streaking, it hovered in place as previously described.  The speed of the white light streak was virtually instantaneous.  It was the fastest thing I have ever seen in the sky, and the strangest.   I would have taken a photo or video but did not have my cell phone with me. Entire viewing aout 5 minutes.;26.1913990654204;-81.722449906542
