Observed bright light traveling rapidly northwest to northeast.;2002-03-29 19:00:00;10-15 seconds;Observed bright light traveling rapidly northwest to northeast. Time of sighting is approximate we went outside at 18:45 and had been out for several minutes at the time of the sighting.  Observed bright light traveling roughly northwest to northeast from our location (approximately 36.317N, 119.204W).  Light was about 30 degrees above the horizon.  The light was traveling very fast.  The light faded in and out similar to an Iridium satellite, but much faster and not as high in elevation.  Also, we have never seen an Iridium traveling in this direction.  When the light faded, there were no marker lights visible.  It was very dim when it faded, but still barely visible.  Before we went out to stargaze, I printed out a list of satellites from the Heavens Above website.  Using the flashlight, I looked on the list for something of a similar brightness, time and direction.  The brightness was matched for ISS, but it was in the south.  The next would have been the Shenzhou III, but we saw it several minutes later the altitude was much higher (59 degrees) compared to the earlier light.  The light appeared to be at an elevation similar to a jet, but did not make any sound.  We are close to several flight paths, primarily Fresno (FAT) and Lemoore Naval Air Station.  After the light disappeared, I looked around for any planes saw what appeared to be a jet to the northwest that was at a much higher elevation and farther away and I could hear jet noise.  We are familiar with the local air traffic, satellites and meteors this did not appear to be any of those.  Weather was clear, temperature probably close to 70 degrees or a little above.  No breeze noted. ((NUFORC Note:  We are always grateful to receive such an excellent report, as this one appears to us to be.  PD));36.3013;-119.2091
Neon red light seen traveling north at slow speed.;2002-12-30 21:40:00;5-8 min;Neon red light seen traveling north at slow speed. Observed neon red light traveling north at a very slow speed.  Light appeared to be rotating or exhibiting a strobe-effect.  Light sped up slightly, turned to the northwest and sped up again.  At that point it was blocked from our view by the house to the north of us.  My husband observed the light for two or three minutes before he told me about it.  At first, it appeared to be about 1/2 to 1 mile away we opened the door and could not hear any sound.  The sky condition at the time was overcast with low clouds.  It had been raining a few minutes earlier.  Did not observe any stars at that time.  During the sighting, I had time to get my camera with telephoto lens by the time I got back to the door, the light had moved farther north and I was unable to see any structure.  At first, I would compare the brightness and size to a brakelight at about 500 feet the brightness did not change, it just got farther away. We live close to the east-west flight path for Lemoore Naval Air Station and also along the flight path for Fresno-Yosemite International Airport.  Neither of us have ever observed anything similar to this, though we have seen other unidentified lights.  We are familiar with satellites and access the Heavens Above website to see what is flying over did not check tonight due to the storm and cloudiness.;36.3013;-119.2091
