Bright orb shapped object moving from West to North to East.;2007-06-23 21:00:00;<5 minutes;Bright orb shapped object moving from West to North to East. Saturday, June 23, 2007 between 9:00PM and 9:30PM, I was on my back patio talking on the phone.  I had just ended the conversation and was getting ready to go inside when I looked up into the East/Southeast sky and noticed two stars.  In between the stars was what I thought was another brilliant star.  It was extremely bright, that is what caught my eye. I watched it for less than a minute and was getting ready to look down and come inside when it moved.  It was not a satellite, we see satellites out here all the time and this object was much larger and not has high as a satellite.  The bright object began moving a little north so I thought it was a jetliner coming in to land with its landing lights on.  (we are live along a jet highway in the sky and see many airplanes on a daily basis).  But then I realized if it was a jet it was too high to be coming in and the lights were nothing like I had very seen. The object then slowly started moving to the east/southeast.  I became very curious because I knew jetliners did not have landing lights on the back on the planes.  There were no flashing strobes to correctly identify it has an airplane either.  I also know airplanes don’t fly backwards.  I heard no rumble of engines as we normally do when an airplane is passing by.  Even when the plane is at it’s altitude of 30,000 to 40,000 feet we still here it fly over. I opened my back door and yelled for my husband to come look and tell me what it might be.  He was perplexed as I was.  He knows a lot about airplanes, civilian and military.  My two boys saw it as well.  We watched for about 30 seconds as the bright orb moved away from us and then all of a sudden it picked up speed and within a matter of five seconds or so it was out of our site.    We stood there with our mouths open and then looked at each other and my husband said did we just see what we think I saw?   I have never experienced anything like this.  I know now I will keep my eyes open a little wider out here in the country.;38.6079;-94.6837999999999
