Was sitting on the back porch of my house with 2 of my friends and myself when we all noticed almost at the same time a strange triangl;1993-06-20 20:00:00;30 seconds;Was sitting on the back porch of my house with 2 of my friends and myself when we all noticed almost at the same time a strange triangle shaped object in the sky that sat there for about 20 seconds then split off into 3 seperate objects and all 3 sped off and a extremely high rate of speed. It was clear and it was just getting dark at the time. We then the next day went to go play some pool at a pool hall and I overheard another table talking about the same thing that they saw the night before. This was never brought up again by any of us. And to this day I know what I saw was real and wasnt no swamp gas, weather baloon or any other excuse that is normaly used to explain these things. This was my 2nd siting both occured in Weymouth and both in the same year. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.2123;-70.9619
At approx. 8:35 pm I was out on my deck having a smoke when I looked up I saw a Very Large Triangle shaped craft..It had lights of some;2010-02-11 20:35:00;2 minutes;At approx. 8:35 pm I was out on my deck having a smoke when I looked up I saw a Very Large Triangle shaped craft..It had lights of some sort on the connors..It was moving very slowly with no sound..I yelled to my wife to come out and see this craft..We watched it travel from North to Southeast..As it went over the top of the roof line we went out onto the lawn and watched it for about another 10 seconds and it just disappeared..Hard to say the exact size..but based on passenger jet that fly over all the time I would guess this was at least a quarter mile from each light on each connor...This sure appeared to be hugh..I also want to let you know that we both just stood there and looked at each other and said ..No one will ever believe what we just saw..My wife also told me that if I hadn't call her out to witness this she would of NEVER BELIEVED ME...This was not any type of Plane from this world...It was the biggest thing(craft) that I have ever seen in the ! sky...Again..HUGH...;42.2123;-70.9619
Triangle shaped UFO acting like a lost puppy (hard to explain, read description);2012-03-14 00:03:00;multiple (2 min events ea;Triangle shaped UFO acting like a lost puppy (hard to explain, read description) Triangle shaped that was black metallic, had 4 lights. One on each corner and then a slow pulsing one underneath all whitish looking and no sound at all.  There was what appeared to be an upside-down cockpit similar to what F22s use, colour of a gun-metallic design, with the pulsing light in the middle again on the underside of the craft.  It made no noise and hovered over a vacant field nearby.  Me and my wife observed it for a few moments before it started to rotate in an odd manner instead of turning right, it did a complete 270 degree turn to do this and then proceeded to move off slowly as if for us to follow it, then it moved at a gradual pace until it was out of sight.  After chasing it and loosing it, we return to near our home where we found it again hovering nearby as if it was waiting for us. We chased it again and it did the same thing and towards the same direction towards Boston.  After finally giving up again, it was coming along side us, backing straight up (the long end of the triangle rather than the point)and waiting to see if we would continue again until it decided to move off after seeing we had lost interest.  There was a little bit later a water-craft plane (the type that can land on water that is) fly over head, but you could clearly tell what it was versus how clear the other craft was to us. In all this, I had always liked the thought of UFOs, but doubted they truly existed or that really it could never happen to me in this case now, I think differently.;42.2123;-70.9619
