I saw a round/spherical object move across the night sky at approximately 10-15000 ft altitude.;2012-07-09 22:15:00;20-30 seconds;I saw a round/spherical object move across the night sky at approximately 10-15000 ft altitude. July 9, 2012 between 10-10:30pm I was sitting at my patio table in our back yard in Allen Park, MI talking on my cell phone. There were a lot of big thick, white clouds in the sky that night and although I couldn’t see the moon it must have been out because the sky was fairly well illuminated.  I could easily see the well-defined edges of the clouds and the deep blue sky from outer space between them. While talking on the phone, my head was leaned back against the back of the chair and I was looking up at the sky.  All of a sudden movement in the sky caught my eye.  There was no noise to cause me to look for this approaching object, like you would do if you heard an approaching plane.  No noise at all.   It was hard to determine just what altitude it was flying at. My guess would be 10-15000 ft., since clouds range from 6500 to 18000 ft.   It was moving from SW to NW at about the same speed as a commercial jet would across the sky. If I’m remembering rightly, there was a large gap between clouds as it moved past me because it didn’t fly through any clouds except at the end of the 20-30 seconds I watched it.  As it moved across the sky I would guess it to have been a size comparable to if you held a penny out 18 inches from your face up toward the sky and closed one eye while looking up toward the sky. It was a perfectly round object.  I don’t believe it was round and flat like the proverbial flying saucer it appeared to be spherical, like a round ball.  It appeared to have a slightly bluish color and also appeared to be glowing slightly or slightly illumined because when it went into the cloud, just before I lost sight of it, it looked like it was sort of glowing as it moved through the cloud I was able to see it much longer because of the glow than I would have been able to see a plane that had gone into a cloud. After losing sight of it, I was trying to describe what I had just seen to the person I was talking to on the phone, while at the same time looking around to see if any of my neighbors were out and may have seen it too.  There was no one else outside.  I was still looking all around in the sky, as if I would see something else.  Then about 5 minutes later I saw it again, still in the NW direction it had been moving when I lost sight of it.  This time it was further away than when I had last seen it and looked like it was traveling vertically moving toward the ground still the same speed as before, and still probably 10-15000 ft., just a guess though.  I would guess that it would have been located then somewhere in Dearborn near the Michigan Ave./Telegraph Rd. area. I called our local channel 4 news the next day and asked if there were other reports of anyone seeing it.  The guy said no one else had called in. I am 53 years old and currently work in the telecommunications industry.  I have never seen anything like this before. It was very strange indeed.  I’ve heard about these government drones that supposedly fly around and collect info and/or spy on us.  Maybe it was one of those.;42.2523;-83.2107000000001
While me and my wife came out for a smoke break between Orange is the New black episodes we noticed a red light that would have a blue;2017-06-09 00:30:00;5 minutes;While me and my wife came out for a smoke break, between Orange is the New black episodes we noticed a red light that would have a blue light shine as well.  The red light was extremely bright and could only see the blue light when the object would turn slightly. It was south of our location maybe in Southgate or Taylor area.  The object would move to the left a little then stay stationary then it move again.  The movements were very quick. The sky was clear and there was no noises at all.  (Hoping to hear helicopter blades spinning)  the object made one more quick movement towards the south direction before just disappearing.;42.2523;-83.2107000000001
