My wife and I were coming from a late night movie in Cut Bank, MT.;2005-05-20 00:30:00;30 minutes;The time must have been around 12:30 a.m.  My wife and I were coming from a late night movie in Cut Bank, MT. We were heading for Heart Butte and we took a back road that goes by the Mission Church in Two Medicine. We just turned off of the Valier Rd. and got on the back road when all of a sudden I seen four white lights flying in a diagonal line formation heading toward Conrad (southeast). They weren’t blinking or anything they were just steady white lights. I stopped the car to look at the lights and my wife started to freak out because she thought that they were going to take us. The reason why I stopped the car was to listen for an after burner from a jet but the lights flew over us and there was no sound whatsoever. After about a minute the lights were already down by Conrad (about thirty or forty miles from where we were). I decided to start the car and keep going because my wife just kept screaming at me to keep going. When I got the car moving I looked back and noticed that the four lights reduced to three lights and I wondered where the other light went. As we were driving (on a road that is in the middle of nowhere and the next house is about twenty minutes away from us and we were the only car on that deserted road at that time) I noticed a light coming in and out of a few clouds that were in the sky. At first I thought that it was a star hiding behind the clouds but I later figured out that it was a light that was following us. It followed beside the car all the way until we got past the Mission Church (about a twenty-five or thirty minute drive) and then it just disappeared. Earlier that night there was a report from the local Sheriff that he was following a light on the cut across road from Heart Butte to East Glacier. He was on the scanner and he sounded pretty shook up. He said that the light let him chase it until he got in between Heart Butte and East Glacier and then it lit up where his vehicle was like it was broad day light and he turned around and took off from the light. The next day or two the story about the Sheriff came up in the local news paper the Glacier Reporter. The Glacier Reporter was asking for any information or any other sightings that happened that night but I was to shook up and actually kind of scared to tell my story to anyone. This is the first time I ever told someone, other than my in-laws and my brother about this story. The time must have been around 12:30 a.m. My wife and I were coming from a late night movie in Cut Bank, MT. We were heading for Heart Butte and we took a back road that goes by the Mission Church in Two Medicine. We just turned off of the Valier Rd. and got on the back road when all of a sudden I seen four lights flying in a diagonal line formation heading toward Conrad (southeast). I stopped the car to look at the lights and my wife started to freak out because she thought that they were going to take us. The reason why I stopped the car was to listen for an after burner from a jet but the lights flew over us and there was no sound whatsoever. After about a minute the lights were already down by Conrad (about thirty or forty miles from where we were). I decided to start the car and keep going because my wife just kept screaming at me to keep going. When I got the car moving I looked back and noticed that the four lights reduced to three lights and I wondered where the other light went. As we were driving (on a road that is in the middle of nowhere and the next house is about twenty minutes away from us and we were the only car on that deserted road at that time) I noticed a light coming in and out of a few clouds that were in the sky. At first I thought that it was a star hiding behind the clouds but I later figured out that it was a light that was following us. It followed beside the car all the way until we got past the Mission Church (about a twenty-five or thirty minute drive) and then it just disappeared. Earlier that night there was a report from the local Sheriff that he was following a light on the cut across road from Heart Butte to East Glacier. He was on the scanner and he sounded pretty shook up. He said that the light let him chase it until he got in between Heart Butte and East Glacier and then it lit up where his vehicle was like it was broad day light and he turned around and took off from the light. The next day or two the story about the Sheriff came up in the local news paper the Glacier Reporter. The Glacier Reporter was asking for any information or any other sightings that happened that night but I was to shook up and actually kind of scared to tell my story to anyone. This is the first time I ever told someone, other than my in-laws and my brother about this story. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));48.66;-112.3684
