Five round red lights perform high-speed maneuvering and 90 degree turns over Cut Bank, Montana;2007-11-11 21:45:00;15 seconds;Five round red lights perform high-speed maneuvering and 90 degree turns over Cut Bank, Montana On the evening of November 11, 2007 at around 2145 hrs, I was getting into the hot tub in our back yard when I immediately noticed four or five round, red objects to the west.   They were traveling NW in no specific formation.  I thought the objects were parts of a meteor or satellite that had reentered, but after about three seconds they stopped.   Two of the objects made 90 degree turns and went opposite directions, with the others staying motionless.   The two rejoined the group several seconds later after making some pretty impressive tight maneuvers (that ruled out meteor or satellite pretty quick) and they changed to a SE course. They appeared to be at high altitude and were about 2-3 times the diameter of the stars in the sky.  They stayed the same color (red to light red) throughout the sighting, and no noise or other signs were noted.   I was able to maintain visual contact with the objects for a total of about 15 seconds until they were close enough to the SE horizon that lights made viewing them difficult.;48.66;-112.3684
Bright orbs, triangular lights, strange planes on patrol near a airforcebase in northern montana;2012-08-16 23:00:00;20 seconds;bright orbs, triangular lights, strange planes on patrol near a airforcebase in northern montana I walked out onto the porch and looked up, there was a bright lite that was like flowing through the sky. I observed this for over four weeks now.  Some of the nights it is like we have Airforce planes over the same area patroling is what i think.  Yes, some look as if they are either satelites or planes, but its the star like orbs that move in any direction.  On two seperate nights, i have witnessed a triangle shaped ships.  It was sunset after a storm i looked up from my porch and seen a light but when i focused it was a triangle shaped objects i tried to get my phone and when back fast but was unable to get a good picture of it, it was a strange but i seen it blast away or something like in a movie. It was a erie way that it looked, it was like it had rocket boosters but i was gone in a second.  I dnt know but every night im seeing somthing and im not sure what to think.  I am only a skeptic but i've become concerned because this is happening everynight.  Hope it! s the government and not what i think.;48.66;-112.3684
