Orange/teal sphere heading east to west 70-100 feet off the ground in light mist rain going against breeze at 2-3 mph;2014-09-09 22:30:00;40-45 seconds;orange/teal sphere heading east to west 70-100 feet off the ground in light mist rain going against breeze at 2-3 mph This sighting was on a Saturday night August 9th approximate time was 22:30 hours i was burning brush and logs on this night and i had started the burn around 1900 hours and it was raining light off and on and a raining mist as i was under tree's as my pit is in back yard under three large tree's and fire was steady and being in a wheel chair a power chair that reclines i was having time to reflect on the up coming week at the national VA wheelchair games as i was flying out Monday! so i was enjoying it and as i was under the tree's had a perfect few of big tree's and my roof of my house and it was nice because my chair reclines so i was warm comfy and just kicking back as i looked toward the east around 2230 hours as my view was limited to my neighbor on the lefts front yard big pine tree then the roof line of my house and a large three that divides my neighbor on the right who is only here during mid winter months as he lives in the new York area and was n! ot home the street as i could tell was empty as everyone was in there houses .as i said i looked up towards the east and what i saw kinda shocked me because i thought it at first to be a loose weather balloons at one time i was stationed aboard aircraft carriers and land based air fields and have been around all types of aircraft in and out of military service! But this orange sphere was moving against the slight breeze at 2-3 mph going west and it had like two and at a time four pulsing light inside of sphere its orange color looked a little metallic as it was a orange and slightly teal not bright orange but going to bright as it passed my view did not see any thing hanging down as you would for a weather balloon no visual exterior lights! it was moving at this 2-3 mph past me at say 70-100 feet off the ground and i watched pass trees on my right but it either changed its course or direction because it never passed the stand of trees on my right toward my other neighbors! house! did not see anything as i was cleaning up from the bur! n and to ld my wife and kids what i had seen , well you can guess there reaction!! look i have seen about every kind of military or civilian aircraft in my time as i worked awhile at Hollywood/Burbank Calif at martin aviation during the time of the shunk  works for the stealth aircraft a watching black c-5 galaxy land every other night during 1983-84 years so i know what to look for if something was man made this was not! and its been bugging me trying to come up with with a logical explanation of what i saw !and i dont have one two months later! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.5468;-78.6714
