So I witnessed something last night that I can’t explain.  And even got laughed at when I told a few friends about it.;2019-09-11 21:15:00;45 minutes;So I witnessed something last night that I can’t explain.  And even got laughed at when I told a few friends about it. Last night I driving west out in the middle of no where Texas and I saw a light in the sky.  At first I thought it may be a plane flying with its landing lights on far in the distance.  Because it looked like a central light.  As I got closer I thought no it’s a helicopter.  And it seemed to move side to side. Anyway I came into the town, Matador, Texas, and pulled off the side of the road at a fast station.  And walked inside.  The light was just southeast of town hovering about 600 to a thousand feet up.  And it was BRIGHT. I went inside and asked if their was a tower there or a helicopter field close by, but I couldn’t hear anything.  No chopper sounds.  She said no and came outside and said she didn’t know what it is. Another car with two ladies also stopped and at first thought. It was possibly the water tower (it’s not).  Then they drove closer they came back and said they thought maybe it was a helicopter, but wasn’t sure.  Because once again no sound and that the light was hovering over ranchland southeast of town. I witnessed the light for roughly 48 minutes before my work clock demanded I get back on the road.  And snapped a few pictures with my phone. There was cloud cover so it wasn’t a star or satellite.  It was airborne for to long to be a normal drone and was to silent to be a helicopter. While watching it a light shined down from whatever it was about 6 times in that 48 minutes I observed it. In the pictures. There were two other lights that couldn’t be seen due to the central light being so bright.  But they showed on the photograph.  I’ve been driving a truck since 2003 and was a scout in the army.  I’ve observed a lot of flying objects late at night that are identifiable.  This one I couldn’t. I’ve reached out to a local aerial weather group that does fly large drones in that area to see if it was maybe one of theirs or if they might know something.  But this one for now has me puzzled.  And when looking at the photos this thing was quite large.;34.0489;-100.835
