Objects began moving in a snake like motion (s'ing) around the stars.;1996-08-11 00:45:00;approx 1/2hr;SUMMARY:  Objects began moving in a snake like motion (s'ing) around the stars. I was out on my balcony enjoying a nice cup of coffee with my wife and her two sisters. I am an avid star gazer. I was watching the clear night sky up above.....just lost in itsbeauty. We were outside for about an hour, just talking aboutthe good times. I was looking up at the stars, when an unusually bright group of stars caught my eye. At first I thought it might be orion......then thought they might be satellites....but was quick to change my mind. They objects were very high up...too high to be planes. They began moving in a snake like motion(s'ing)around the stars. This motion convinced me temporarily that they were satellites.....but then they stoped......grew very bright,and changed opposite direction. We were all quite with amazement at what we had witnessed. We stood out there discussing the rational possibilities of what it was that we had seen. As we looked in the direction of where the incident occured......we noticed a slightly larger grouping......of 7. They repeated thesame motions that the previous 3 had...then grew bright, almost joining in a straight line of light, then reversed course as theothers before had. We are still not sure of what we had witnessedthat summer night.....and have not discussed it with others....but I'm certain what we witnessed was not of human origin or of Earth's current technology.  I am currently a college student, studying to be a computer technician and engineer. I am also interested in working for N.A.S.A when I havecompleted my education. I'm 24 yrs old.I hope I am taken seriously.....this is the first time I have spoken about the incident to anyone.;44.5698000000001;-80.9439000000002
A friend and I were outside downtown briefly between buildings at sundown (@6:45pm perhaps) when we noticed two extremely bright stars.;2012-03-06 18:45:00;6 hours;A friend and I were outside downtown briefly between buildings at sundown (@6:45pm perhaps) when we noticed two extremely bright stars. It was not fully dark yet but their light was very strong. They were in the western sky at this point, one above the other, the higher one a bit to the left of the lower one. We concluded they must be planets or something because it was unusual to see such bright stars or lights of any sort in that part of the sky that we'd noticed before. Two hours later we were back outside and they were both still in the exact same location. We invited a third friend with us to look and tell us if he knew anything about planets that were supposed to be in view (turns out that night there were, however, in the south/southeastern sky and near where the moon rose, which we found very quickly later, while the other two lights remained). Anyhow, while watching them, suddenly one of them got extremely bright and then suddenly disappeared. It reappeared once again very strongly about 10 seconds later and then the other one did the same.  We decided that was really odd and decided to keep watching from an upstairs room when we got in. This time the lights continued to take turns suddenly blinking out but we notice they starting doing each for longer and varied periods of time. They also shifted south quite quickly within a 20 minute period @ 21:45 but remained in the same position in relation to each other. Then they stayed in the same part of the sky for possibly 3 more hours (that we know of, but took at least an hour off from watching as it wasn't too spectacular and we were sure there was a rational and common explanation likely). We went back outside later to check on them when a friend was leaving, and the bottom one had grown brighter than ever and the top one was more faint but dimming and lighting up alternately every 3-5 seconds now. Quite rapidly. The other was staying lit solidly. Just when we decided it was sort of creepy and yet sort of availing nothing to keep staring at these lights, trying to figure them out, a third new one, quite bright, appeared high above both, where we had noticed no star or light of any sort before. No other star in the sky was as bright as these either. It did the same thing... Disappearing and reappearing suddenly, each spell lasting 15-30 seconds. It never moved like a plane or any sort of flying vehicle I know of, it hovered there for as long as we watched. We began to feel a little creeped out and went back inside. I checked before going to sleep and by then only the bottom light of the original two remained at first and then finally disappeared completely. I've been trying to figure out what these could be since, and can't seem to come up with anything that fully works. I don't like the idea of unknown objects hovering around my city for hours on end blinking at us lol... I looked for them last night and tonight as well but there was a lot of cloud cover or else they weren't there, seeing as I think they would be bright enough to shine thru some of the thin clouds that moved by at times. ((ADDENDUM FROM ANONYMOUS SOURCE)) Followup to the blinking stars report.... they are planets. Hi. I sent a report in the other day about two 'stars' that were blinking on and off. I did a bit more research and it turns out they do fit the description for Venus and Jupiter right now, as far as where they should be and position in relation to one another, etc. I still don't understand why they were disappearing and reappearing the way they were, and as for the shift to the south....we could have been confused, we were walking outside on a few different occasions during the course of the night. I don't know what the third blinking object was. But if two planets can do it, than probably another shiny thing in the sky can do it for a simple reason as well. But the first/main two that we noticed at sundown had the right timing and position, and everything. It is unlikely they were anything else but the two planets that are showing off this month :)  I would prefer my report was not posted or made available, if possible. I just feel silly.  If you have any idea why these planets could blink on and off the way they were, I would love to know. I'm not having much luck with google...haha Maybe tiny clouds are enough to cause the effect. Maybe atmospheric phenomena...of some sort... However, whatever the case, I'm about 99.9% sure they were Venus and Jupiter. If you have the time to write, and any ideas why they could blink out like that, I'd be interested to hear just out of curiosity, but if you guys are busy don't worry about it. I will leave my email this time just in case. :)  I have had two sightings of very strange flying objects in the past,  while living further north-west, but haven't seen anything for a long time. Now I'm around different people, some who have heard my stories, but aren't particularly interested in considering them possible lol.... maybe I got overexcited and was hoping I could say see, there IS weird stuff going on up there! and YOU saw it this time lol.... Needless to say, it was my idea to report, not my friends'. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));44.5698000000001;-80.9439000000002
My wife and myself walking our dog in our city . Walking southward to northward I looked up in sky and spotted 3 lights, at first I tr;2012-04-22 21:40:00;15 to 20 seconds;My wife and myself walking our dog in our city . Walking southward to northward I looked up in sky and spotted 3 lights, at first I tried to comprehend what it was I was looking at.  Trying to make sense of it I first thought it was a reflection from street light  on wires but there were no wires.  Then I thought it was the branches on the tree making a reflection.  I moved to the other side of tree and my wife asked me what I was doing ?  I told her to look up and asked her what is that.  She watched these three objects of light and moving around in the sky above us and they the two objects at the top looked like they were playing and the 3rd object was below the other 2 objects not really joining in on the maneuvers the other 2 were making.  I was going to grab my blackberry and try to film it but it was too high and too late they were gone out of site too fast.  Just a foot note, my wife is a none believer in UFO'S but she could not explain what we both had just seen.  There were 2 smaller planes just above us,   One plane was flying west to east and the other plane was flying south to North most likely going to land at are small airport outside our small city . This was not a shooting star or stars I have seen them before.  I just wanted to share this experience with who ever else might have been in the Lower Georgian bay area last night in the 22nd of April at around 940pm and looked into the sky and witnessed these objects playing a cat and mouse game with each other .;44.5698000000001;-80.9439000000002
Two people saw a bright white light cross the night sky, heading in a north-east direction.;2016-04-01 21:10:00;3 minutes;Two people saw a bright white light cross the night sky, heading in a north-east direction. At approx. 9:10 pm, Apr. 1, 2016, a friend and I were outside for a smoke.  We both saw a bright, white object traverse the sky in a north-east direction south of our location.  There were no blinking lights and no trailing jet sound.  It took approx. 3 minutes from first sight until it disappeared to the north-east. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly an overflight of the ISS??  PD));44.5698000000001;-80.9439000000002
Bright light, shifted trajectory;2020-07-08 22:30:00;15 seconds;Bright light, shifted trajectory Very large, very bright yellow light came shooting up from the southeast  and appeared quite low at first.  It was dead silent,, which was strange so we watched (two of us out walking).  It got over head and then headed straight west quickly for a bit, and then seemed to suddenly dim Significantly and go slightly red, and speed up even faster.  Then it zipped off to the left/south (I guess could be Southwest but of course it was much much farther away by this point as far as I could tell. Super strange.  We waited to hear any kind of aircraft sounds and there was nothing for the duration.;44.5698000000001;-80.9439000000002
