My son and I were driving down route 17 where Kenton county meets Pendleton county. We seen a bright red flashing object on the right s;2021-01-28 19:30:00;6 minutes;My son and I were driving down route 17 where Kenton county meets Pendleton county. We seen a bright red flashing object on the right side of the road. We thought it was a tower flashing in the distance at first until we got closer and stopped the car. It proceeded to come towards us and then slowly changed from a bright stop sign red to a green. Then when it was over us it completely stopped and became a brilliant white light. No sounds at all. It was about the size of a water tower. It then started moving again now going to the left side of the road and it went through all the colors but fast this time from white to green then finally setteling on red again and thats when we could see it was a huge chevron. It continued where we could not see it anymore because we live in a rural location where there are big wooded Hills. Last we seen it was moving north towards Ohio. It was huge and flying really low.  we also seen helicopters in the area not long after.;38.7638;-84.4815
My son and I were driving down route 17 where Kenton county meets Pendleton county. We seen a bright red flashing object on the right s;2021-01-29 19:30:00;6 minutes;My son and I were driving down route 17 where Kenton county meets Pendleton county. We seen a bright red flashing object on the right side of the road. We thought it was a tower flashing in the distance at first until we got closer and stopped the car. It proceeded to come towards us and then slowly changed from a bright stop sign red to a green. Then when it was over us it completely stopped and became a brilliant white light. No sounds at all. It was about the size of a water tower. It then started moving again now going to the left side of the road and it went through all the colors but fast this time from white to green then finally setteling on red again and thats when we could see it was a huge chevron. It continued where we could not see it anymore because we live in a rural location where there are big wooded Hills. Last we seen it was moving north towards Ohio. It was huge and flying really low.we also seen helicopters in the area not long after.;38.7638;-84.4815
