Orange circular type object flying smoothly over the nightime sky in Port Jefferson Station, NY.;2011-08-17 21:00:00;3:00;Orange circular type object flying smoothly over the nightime sky in Port Jefferson Station, NY. An orange shaped circular object appeared through our 2nd story front window.  Object was moving in a steady line across the sky.  The orange color, and lack of flashing lights caught my attention.  I pointed the object out to my husband and son and we proceeded to run outside.  The object had no sound, and moved very smoothly coming from the east and heading north/west.   Our home is in direct course to Stony Brook University Hospital's helicopter path, and this was not a helicopter, the height of the object was of the same height as the helicopters fly.  Again, no sound at all, while the helicopters are very loud.;40.916;-73.0497
Saw what appeared to be a shooting star that just continuously kept moving through the sky slowly, twice.;2014-07-05 10:40:00;4 minutes;Saw what appeared to be a shooting star that just continuously kept moving through the sky slowly,  twice. We witnessed a very clear sky tonight after fireworks and saw (twice) what appeared to come out of nowhere circle in the sky - very similar in size and brightness to that of a star.  This same occurrence happened twice, one not too long after the other, though we did not see both dots moving through the sky in synchrony.   Each glowing circle moved across the sky in curved and non-linear formations, both at separate occurring times.   We debated for a while if either could be a plane, but they were not blinking at rather very strong fixed light sources moving in ways quite adverse to what I've witnessed as regular flight patterns.   Each circle would move through the sky appearing out of nowhere/we just noticed it? /seeming like a shooting star, however, it did not burn out and would continuously move across the sky until we were straining our eyes to try and watch it and then it would disappear. We did feel we saw a significantly larger number of planes tonight as well, though I'm quite sure that just happened to be a separate weird thing.;40.916;-73.0497
