((Report retracted.))  Dark human-like figure that was glowing orange around it and floating.;2009-12-05 16:00:00;10 seconds;dark human-like figure that was glowing orange around it and floating I was sitting on the living room couch talking with my husband and my 8 year old son was in the front yard. I saw flickers of an orange glow reflecting off of a box on the porch, though the living room window. I opened the door to see what it was when I saw my son standing past the end of the east side of the house, staring at the porch. I asked him what he was doing and what was going on. He walked quickly over to me and proceeded to tell me what he saw. He was crying and shaking and very scared. He said he saw a dark figure with really big, dark eyes, with an orange glow all around it. He said it looked like it was floating just a little off of the ground, came from behind my car and went next to the house and turned and looked at him. He said it then floated higher, and was about the height of the Christmas lights hanging on the porch. He said it looked at him. He slightly turned his head and closed his eyes briefly because he was scared. When he looked back it was gone. He said whatever he saw was about as tall as he is (about 4 feet). He said he couldn’t see its legs and its arms appeared to be straight down beside its body. He said its face was very dark and its eyes were really big and a slightly different color than the face. He said it glowed all around it. I estimate he was 40 to 50 feet from the entity, given where he was and where he said he saw it. I was during the daytime, at approximately 4:00 p.m. I saw the flickering orange glow for about 3 seconds and my son saw it for about 10 seconds. We live in a wooded area, have dogs in the back, and they did not bark at all. However, when I called my husband out to tell him what happened and to look for it, my small house dog came out and immediately started smelling the ground where my son said the entity had been floating. I am of sound mind, I have never seen or heard of anything like this before, and I am very curious and somewhat confused about what happened. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she seemed sincere, and sober-minded, in our opinion.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr. Davenport, I am requesting that my submission on (12/6/09) regarding my son's observation of an orange, glowing, dark figure (on 12/5/09) be removed, or not be posted.  I have reason to believe that his apparent experience may not be accurate.  Again, please do not post the report that was made regarding his experience.  After questioning him further, it may have simply been the sun shining in his eyes or something.  Thank you.  ((END ADDENDUM));34.0179;-95.5095000000001
