A circle of light collapsed on the starlight, and it fled due east.;2000-03-03 04:00:00;20 seconds;A circle of light collapsed on the starlight, and it fled due east. Longwood Florida is 35 miles slightly due north and east of Cape Canaveral Florida.  I have lived in this area for nearly forty years, and I am very familiar with launches from the Cape, regarding the horizon location.  In most likely early 2000 I had been observing what appeared to be early morning rocket launches from the eastern horizon.  Over a period of weeks I had observed maybe three or four.  At about 0400 hours, a traveling white light caught my eye.  At maybe 45 degrees up off of the eastern horizon I observed a light that had the appearance of an average size star, with an average star brightness.  The light was traveling in a due north directon.  This light appeared to be located in the same flight path area as launches from Cape Canaveral.  Just looking at it, it appeared to possibly be thirty or forty miles away, it was far.  I watched the object because it was traveling the same path as the recent orange colored lights (rockets) that I had seen.  I might add here that when I observed the rockets, they all appeared to travel due north for approximately 20 seconds, then accelerate east at a fast rate until out of sight.  I watched the light, it traveled due north at 45 degrees for approximately 20 seconds.  At that point the light appeared to stop in place.  At the same instant, a circle of light of the same brightness appeared to surround the small starlight.  The light circle started out at approximately twice the size of the starlight.  It immediately enlarged within less than a second to three or four times the size of the starlight.  At that instant the light circle collapsed back onto the starlight.  The starlight then appeared to head due east, away from Florida.  But this occurred at incredible speed, nearly instantly, it vanished more than flew east. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD));28.7152049921995;-81.393526365056
A green shooting star past at a very high speed and low altitude;2003-05-11 02:45:00;4 seconds;A green shooting star past at a very high speed and low altitude As I was driving along with a friend back home, I suddently noticed what seemed to be a green shooting star, that was way too low to be a star, going really fast across the sky. As I am a pilot, I didn't notice any other possible possition lights, any distinct sounds or anything else abnormal. Can't think of it as a firework as it didn't leave any sort of trail, or seemed not to be low enough to be some random fireworks. Estimated altitude was probably 2000' feet or so, going a direction of south/southwest at avery high speed. Couldn't see where the light when to due to trees on the side of the road. I notified my passengers too late for him to witness.;28.7152049921995;-81.393526365056
Craft splits into 3 flying pieces and another comes from nowhere;2007-04-20 00:00:00;1 min;Craft splits into 3 flying peices and another comes from nowhere I was on my computer when I felt the strongest urge to go out into my backyard and absorb the night sky and relax. I haven’t gone out in almost a year to absorb the beauty of the night sky, but today was the day that I will never forget, and will never regret for doing so.  As I stepped out into my backyard, my eyes were trying to adjust from the computer that I was staring at for sometime.  I lay on the concrete floor and relaxed to enjoy the night sky.  I live in a city where lights do obscure most of the sky when one stares out to the distance from ones zenith.   I am a college student at my local community college and have taken astronomy and other sciences to give me the ability, to some degree, to determine what has validity and what doesn’t.  I routinely have helicopters and airplanes fly over my house, but what I saw this night was not such. As I lay for about 5 minutes, the stars in the night sky became much clearer.  I was telling myself how I must get away from technology, such as the internet and T.V. for starters.  I told myself that I need to go out on a regular basis and take in my surroundings, and as I finished that thought, a light came from out of the sky and into my view. It moved swiftly and at a very steady pace. I was waiting to see some pulsating lights and to hear some sounds to determine if it was a plane, jet, or anything that I can relate it to, but it never came. As I boggled to determine what it was, I noticed that it seemed as if the lights where joined. As I finished that thought, it split up into three different lights. The light (then lights) were moving in a southeast to northeast direction. When the lights broke off from each other, the middle one did not stay in formation, and pulled closer to the one left of it. 	The perimeter of my backyard has trees, and when it reached that area, I was still capable of seeing it very well. Then a fourth light came out of nowhere and started following it as well. The middle one kept on moving back in forth from the center of the formation towards the light left to it. The lights kept its speed and that’s when I told myself that I still have time to get my fourteen-year-old brother to enjoy this fascinating and boggling experience. I say boggle because when describing it to someone else, that is all that they would be capable of comprehending. Truly I was not boggled but sure that there are other people like us out their, with fascinating advancements in their civilizations. As my brother hurried towards the backyard, his eyes were not adjusted to see what I was seeing. I felt alone in enjoying this, but none the less it was beautiful. As my brother was out in the backyard with me, only three were remaining heading towards the northeast sky, and eventually the city lights obscured it from total sight. 	The lights were like that of a medium star that you would see in the night sky, but it did not pulsate or give off rays, (as if a kid were to draw the sun where rays are being placed around the sun) such as the stars exhibit at night. The light was oval shaped but not totally, it seemed like a solid light but not emitting light out wards (it’s as if the energy of the light was contained in its structure), and it was definitely thousands of feet up in the sky.  I know that we have bad depth perception when estimating the distance in the sky at night, but I have looked at objects fly over my house at night, so I have some confidence in my statement. Also the estimation has to be drawn by how big the object was, so if I were to guess the size, just one of the lights that split up had to be bigger than a conventional airplane. Their were no other planes or conventional objects in the area. It did not move in a straight line in the southeast and northwest direction, but swiftly and naturally. The main word is that it was so natural the way they moved. My brother went on playing his video games, but I am changed forever. I have studied and researched UFO’s all my life, with the disclosure project research and other sources under my belt. 	If I were to tell someone my background in what I know aboutUFO’s, I think it would add less creditability to me, but since I know so much about it, subjectively I have a better chance at determining what I saw. I ask myself, Why am I so special to have these lights tell me to come out and see them move so naturally and beautifully?  They wanted me to see them, they wanted me to do what I have been meaning to do, and that is to go back outside, and meditate, and get away from technology like I have before. This sighting was meant to be personal. I don’t mean to be so dramatic but this is my TRUTH, my reality, my life, my experience and overall this is FACT. To sum up what I learned tonight, it is this message that they wanted me to give. They are here, and they are almost ready. 	I called coast to coast but it rang endlessly and maybe it was because it is a Saturday, so I remembered the ufo center website and called them, but I only left a message.  I immediately started writing about it to get everything that I saw and felt in detail so it will not slip into memory.   I just really hope I was not the only special one this night, so that this can be collaborated on by many other eyewitnesses.  Thanks for your consideration to take my account seriously.  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  One of three reports from same source.  PD));28.7152049921995;-81.393526365056
3 orbs of light seen circling over Longwood FL skies;2010-12-18 19:30:00;10 min;3 orbs of light seen circling over Longwood FL skies 3 orbs of light were circling the night sky. Each orb was making a circle and they would meet in the middle then circle out again. This pattern of movement was contained in a small area above our property. It started in front of our barn then moved south to our driveway area. The movement of lights were below the cloud cover and could be seen best against the clouds. An airplane passed over during this time and it was higher than the orbs of light. I watched for about 10 minutes until 1 orb disappeared, then the other 2 vanished. They were there then they were gone. There was no sound associated with the movement. I got the distinct feeling that they were searching for something.;28.7152049921995;-81.393526365056
2 different flashing lights above longwood fl seen by 3 people .;2012-08-23 11:30:00;20 minutes;2 different flashing lights above longwood fl seen by 3 people . I was sitting outside with a friend of mine and all of a sudden we saw a light blinking in red/white.  For about 20 minutes the light was flashing in the same spot without moving , after that time passed a white light started blinking to the right of the light and it warped down a few feet lower than where it was originally blinking and they were both gone within minutes of the other white light turning on.  Was not an airplane / helicopter because we saw airplanes passing where the lights were and they were remaining in the same spot .;28.7152049921995;-81.393526365056
On the morning of 10/23/16 my husband called me out to our back yard to look into the sky to show me he saw a white orange star making;2016-10-23 07:00:00;4 hours;On the morning of 10/23/16, my husband called me out to our back yard to look into the sky to show me he saw a white orange star making erratic movements in the sky which coincided with a shooting star.  I can say that I definitely saw exactly what he described.  I noticed that just before this light in the sky zig zagged it got much brighter.  This star moved side to side and up and down continually for several hours before dawn.  This occurred on the dark side of the moon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));28.7152049921995;-81.393526365056
