3 craft come 500 ft above us;2007-04-22 10:30:00;7 min 30 sec;3 craft come 500 ft above us 	I am writing again, because the unusual objects came back again. This time I brought my 2 brothers with me, because the last sighting I had was that they would be back again. Tonight was a chilly night with the half moon to our far right, as me and my siblings lay on the ground. I told them they had to not talk, and to just think. Despite my instructions, they continued to talk. One of brothers is 16 and the other is 14. I kept on trying to tell them not to talk. My brother named ((initials deleted)). (16 yrs.) told a story about some guys using a flash light to communicate with UFO’s, but I did not take it seriously because it seemed somewhat simple. So as we lay for about 2 minutes after his comment, their was a flash, thousands of feet up. My younger brother noticed it, and then we all noticed it, as it flashed again. It was a white flash thousands of feet up in the air, but I told them that we have to be critical of what we see, and skeptical to every degree as the UFO subject is a taboo one. In the preparation of our night to see what I saw last night, I told them to observe all the craft in the air for a better comparison of when the objects do show themselves again, or if they would. 	The night before the lights indicated they will make themselves shown to me again, and that is why I brought witnesses the next night. So as we looked at the flash that occurred every 11 seconds, I told them to wait and see if it moves into any direction that would indicate it was a plane with a flashing light. I thought it could have been the space station (maybe) or a satellite that happen to give of flashes every 11 seconds. As time went on, all indications showed that most likely it was neither of my guesses that I proposed. There was a sudden flash every 11 seconds and lasted a total of 5 minutes. My brother T.J. said that he was going inside because it was making him uncomfortable, but I reassured him that it was just a flashing light and nothing more. But I did add on that it was just the beginning of our sighting. 	When the flashes stopped, 2 minutes later 3 lights in perfect formation came down out ofnowhere and was moving in a southeast to northwest direction, and when it became closer, the lights went out and the 3 objects where 500 ft. above us without any lights. A good comparison would be that of a car without any headlights that would pass by on a dark street. So when the 3 lights came down, I pointed it out to my brothers with excitement, and we observed it as it went on its path. Again the difference between objects that we are familiar with that fly in our air is that they seem mechanical in movement rather than a natural way of moving. The three objects seemed as big as an SUV, 500 ft above us, with no lights, and a white surface that seemed like a oval shape but a not exactly (it was a very unique shape). The objects were visible for 30 seconds as it moved behind a cloud. The expectation of it following its direction was very high, because why would anyone expect anything else. 	But as the expectation of it exiting the cloud was high, it never exited the cloud.  I stared at the cloud as it moved away making sure that it was not going to exit it.  The clouds were about 500 ft above us moving swiftly across the sky in this chilly somewhat breezy night.  If it was a bird that was as big as an SUV moving into a cloud, you would expect it to exit it, but it never did.  At 11 pm we decided to go inside and take an hour break and go back outside to see if we can see them again. What is unfortunate is that my younger brother (Robby 14 yrs) did not see the 3 objects because he wears glasses and his eyes were improving, so I needed to get him new ones, but he did see the sudden flash every 11 seconds. We went back at 12 am and waited for 30 minutes to see any indication that we will see something again, but we gave up and went to bed. This life is interesting, and interesting things happen. I am just glad and honored that I got to see what most people have never seen, and enjoyed it with my brothers. I just feel that the last 2 days was a way of letting the world know through my 2 sightings that we are getting closer to the day where the boundaries that we have set for our own kind will be broken, and we will truly embrace freedom.  This is just the beginning and I am glad for it. My story of seeing unidentified objects is not a new one, but it is a unique one that should definitely be looked into by people that have good intentions, and the resources to do it. But truly I don’t even think we have to go far anymore to get answers, because the answers to this mystery will be coming soon. ((NUFORC Note:  One of three reports from same source.  PD));28.7152049921995;-81.393526365056
