Bright UFO that changed shape from sphere to triangle and color of bright light, many colors. ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));2009-11-12 21:30:00;I viewed for 2 hours;Bright UFO that changed shape  from sphere to triangle and color of bright ligt to bluish green and red. Last night on Thursday, November 12, 2009 around 9:30pm my family and I had gone to bed, but my neighbors dogs were going nuts barking. I finally got up and looked out our bedroom window to see what was going on, immediately my eyes were drawn to the sky southwest area, I was shocked at first as the light was so bright-like a star that appeared to be moving towards me, then pulling away, but all in the same space. I kept looking in awe, the light seemed to have bluish green lights coming out from it-it at first appeared to be in a star-cross shape-then spherical and at times seemed to be a triangle.  It also showed red lights at times. I was in such awe and realized it was NOT a commercial or military aircraft. Off to the South I saw an airplane- looked to be commercial, but noticed that it circled on the outskirts several times. I then realized I was definitely looking at a UFO- and perhaps that was a military plane circling since we live so close to the ai! rforce bases and often see military craft flying over our home.  Either way, this was intriguing and I knew I had seen something similar when I was 9 yrs old in Richmond, Ky over our neighborhood-the way it moved and the lights very similar except this seemed to me more advanced in movement and color from what I saw as a child.  I am wanted to report this because I am 100% sure this was nothing of man made origin. I do have a FLIP video of it I would love to share and have analyzed. IT did not zoom in far enough for details, but YOU CAN SEE THE COLOR CHANGES AND ERATIC MOVEMENT, diagonal, up, down, across, houvering, etc…  I finally went to sleep around 10:40 and the craft was still there, do not know how long it had been there prior to my sighting or how long after it remained. I would love to know if others saw this in the area---someone had to, especially the commercial or military craft I saw circling on the outskirts. ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));30.0931;-97.8565000000007
