A triangle shaped craft with brilliant lights flew over my house.;2008-04-29 23:00:00;6 seconds;A triangle shaped craft with brilliant lights flew over my house. On April 29, 2008, at about 11pm or so, I stepped outside to take the trash out along with my dog when I happened to look up at the stars and notice an unusual, triangle shaped craft. For about 5 or 6 seconds, I watched the craft fly over my neighborhood at pretty fast speed and was flying very low, only about 1000 feet above. At first I figured the object was just some type of plane going to land at a major airport about 30 miles away. The problem was that the object didn’t seem to heading in the direction of the airport. As the object passed, it didn’t strike me as any type of aircraft I had ever seen before. I couldn’t see the actual structure too clearly but the outline was noticeable. About 10 or so lights as bright as stars lined the craft to form the triangular shape. The strange thing was that there was absolutely no sound coming from the object. I am very familiar with human aircraft and there is no such craft of that shape that can fly so low and not make a sound. After watching the object for a few seconds, I looked down at my dog and when I looked back up, the object was completely gone. I waited outside another five minutes to kind of gather up what I had seen and to wait for any delayed sound, however a sound never came. I could also see and HEAR a commercial plane in the distance (about 5 miles away) after about five minutes after I had seen the UFO. The commercial plane was moving much slower than the UFO. And the lights were noticeable for a few minutes. The lights of the UFO were not visible after I had looked away for only 1 second.;30.0931;-97.8565000000007
@7:15 pm my wife and I were driving down the fwy when we both noticed a purple ball of light hovering above a nearby neighborhood.;2013-11-02 19:15:00;15 minutes;Around 7:15 pm my wife and I were driving down the freeway when we both noticed a purple ball of light hovering above a nearby neighborhood.  It was not moving.  We both said something about it to each other and immediately decided to exit as soon as possible to get closer towards it.   This purple ball of light was only about 150 feet in the air.  As we came closer to it, we were about 300 feet away from it.   When we pulled over we noticed that it was three lights in a triangular formation and it started moving erratically, changing from white to purple.  My wife started to walk as close as she could before it shot straight down to the open field and then the purple light had vanished.  We thought it was gone so we continued driving down another road and that’s when I realized that it shot back up into the sky with the same purple triangular shape.  We then pulled over a second time into the actual neighborhood that we saw it hovering over. It was then that I decided to start recording.   The object was doing flips and moving from left to right repeatedly and it appeared as though it was flat.  Soon after another car driving down the road stopped and said that they noticed it hovering in their backyard and thought it was just some type of toy which couldn't be true because we saw it from the highway from a distance.  We continued to record and that’s when we decided to go in a little closer into the neighborhood.  As we drove down the street the object was completely gone, again, for the second time.  This is strange because the two times we tried moving in on it-it had disappeared.  This was the last time which we saw this object.;30.0931;-97.8565000000007
