Lights above Eveleth Mn in mid 70's;1976-10-15 21:00:00;10-15 minutes;Lights above Eveleth Mn in mid 70's I do not remember the exact date as asked.  I was 15-16 yrs old at the time, which would make it fall of 1975 -1976. I believe it was a weekend since I was out late. I had left Sib's, a place kids hung out and bought candy at,  had spent time plaing pinball, and rode my bike up Jones St. in Eveleth, MN which would be an easternly direction. A couple blocks away I had noticed a red light above the roof tops of the houses across the street which would be too the north. I cannot say how far the light was but it had to have been many miles. I realized it was moving slowly in a back and forth up and down fashion. For a while I rode back and forth on the street and finnally stopped to watch from the corner. If I remember correctly, the street corner was Jones and B Street. As I watched, a green Light emerged from the red and shot off to the east and soon after an orange light appeared and shot to the west. All I could do was sit there and watch it. About five or so minutes later, perhaps less, the lights came back. The green from the west and the orange from the east, not from where they shot to in the first place. The crafts then merged with the red light and the light shot quckly into the sky and disappeared. My experience with these things, ufo's and such, is emmence but for he most part I have kept it inside. My experiences began long before this and continue to this day even wih my moves to the Twin Cities and eventually to Pittsburgh;47.4507;-92.5291
Two large lights above the treetops about 150 feet from our car that radiated light that affected my wife and I;2004-02-13 19:11:00;15 seconds;Two large lights above the treetops about 150 feet from our car that radiated light that affected my wife and I My wife and I were driving home on a Fayal Township road about six miles Southeast of Eveleth,MN. We were about one-half mile from home and traveling North about 30 mph when we both noticed two large white lights slightly above the treetops near the right side(East)of the road. My wife asked me what it was. My first thought was that they were the landing lights of an airplane which had just taken off from a nearby airport. I slowed down our car and rolled down the window,but we could hear no sound of an airplane. My wife glanced at the dashboard to see if the lights were affecting the electrical system of the car and they weren't,but she noticed the time was 7:11 pm. As we drove along slowly we noticed that the lights were only about 150 feet away from our car. Then I saw a dimmer red flashing light between the large lights which appeared to be about two feet in diameter and about ten feet apart. The white lights suddenly turned bluish white and seemed to grow in size and radiate from the object and at that instant I felt overcome by the early stages of sleep paralysis. I immediately floored the gas pedal and as we got away from the lights the sleep paralysis subsided. The experience lasted about 15 seconds. When we got home we wrote down separately what we had just seen and then compared notes. My wife said the lights were stationary thoughout the experience hovering above the treetops. She did not notice any change in color of the lights,but that there was white light projected from the two large lights and lit up the treetops brightly. She saw red lights between the two large white light,but did not see them flash. My wife described feeling as beening possessed or under hypnosis during the experience. There didn't seem to be any missing time as it was 7:20 pm when we were writing our notes of the experience. The skies were clear.;47.4507;-92.5291
