color changing, bouncing object in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the object may have been a star.  PD));2004-09-24 22:10:00;20 minutes and still goin;color changing, bouncing object in the sky. At first i thought it was a plane, but it wasn't moving, and the light/lights coming off of it were those of any plane I have seen before.  it was not like how lights on a plane flash. if it were, it would mean the entire plan was changing color.  the object was randomly cycling through red, white, and blue colors.  it looked as if light was coming off of the object in random directions at random times.  the object was bobbing around in the sky as if it were a marble dangling from a string and someone was bouncing it up and down.  the movements were sometimes very abrupt and other times it would move slowly down and slowly up.  the entire coure of the movements seemed to stay within a well defined box-like area in the sky.  from libertyville, IL, the object was located in the north-northeast portion of the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the object may have been a star.  Just a guess.  PD));42.2853;-87.9532
bright white, round object (the size of a green pea if held at arm's length) flew through the sky;2011-02-04 20:55:00;2 secs;bright white, round object (the size of a green pea if held at arm's length) flew through the sky A bright white, round object (about the size of a green pea if held at arm's length) flew through the sky in a north-northwesterly direction.  It had a slight counter-clockwise arc to it as it moved through the sky. There was only one object.  It had no tail, aura, or sparks.  It seemed to be at an altitude of ~15,000 feet and appeared to be moving extremely fast.  I estimate the speed at 8000 mph if I compare it to a commercial airliner.  Unfortunately, it was a very clear and cold night (21 degrees F) but dark I was only able to judge its movement relative to my car windshield. I lost sight of the object over distant trees -- just 2 or 3 seconds after it first came into view. I've seen a lot of shooting stars in my lifetime but I've never seen anything like this.  Probably a meteor skipping off the atmosphere.  But it seemed so close, bright, and fast.  It was really something I won't forget.;42.2853;-87.9532
