Boomerang with 6 lights passed directly over my head.;2000-01-02 22:40:00;10 seconds;Boomerang with 6 lights passed directly over my head. I stepped out on my front lawn and looked up. At that moment, I saw a boomerang with 3 lights evenly spaced on each wing. It went quickly from exactly west to east. It was totally silent. The lights were white. I could see the outline of it against the sky. It had a bit of a rectangular look to it, very symmetrical. It was like nothing I ever saw, and I'm certain it was not a man-made machine. It was about the size of an index finger held at arm's length. 10 seconds, and it was gone. I'm still amazed at what I saw.;34.1082;-118.1569
Two boomerang-shaped crafts, one with an extra, brightly lit object flying just off its left wing tip.;2000-05-26 09:28:00;30 seconds;Two boomerang-shaped crafts, one with an extra, brightly lit object flying just off its left wing tip. I am a 45-year-old office worker. On May 26 at 9:28 p.m. I was in my back patio. As I was walking to go back inside, I looked up and saw a boomerang-shaped craft slowing gliding directly overhead. Its shape was that of a 90-degree angle, with very sharply defined, angular features, like 2 long rectangles joined to a point in the front. It had 3 large, white lights on each wing. It was the size of an index finger held arm's length, slightly smaller. My guess is that it was approximately the elevation small planes fly, traveling about 200-300 mph, and I would say it was somewhat larger than a commercial airliner, maybe twice as large. The lights were very soft looking, not bright or glaring at all. I could just make out the boomerage outline of it against the sky. If it didn't have lights, I'd never have noticed it. It traveled almost directly overhead going NNW. Then 4 minutes later, to my utter amazement, ANOTHER one flew directly overhead, this one going NW. The second one was identical in every respect except that as it approached, I noticed that it looked asymetrical, with 3 lights on one side and 4 on the other, the last light on the left wing being considerably brighter. As it passed overhead, I saw that that 4th light was actually a separate object flying a short distance off the wingtip at exactly the same speed. As it flew off in the distance, that extra object kept perfect pace and distance with the boomerang. These craft were completely silent. Then, at 9:55, I saw a very bright, silvery white streak of light go across the sky in that same NW direction. I've witnessed many meteor showers, and this wasn't one. The tail looked like light as opposed to a debris tail left by a meteor, and it dissapeared to a single point of light in the distance. On January 2 of this year, I reported another boomerang that flew overhead at this same location, which looked exactly the same except it was traveling much faster and the entire craft was much easier to see because it had a sort of florescent glow outli! ning it.;34.1082;-118.1569
