While sitting in my patio, I glanced up and was amazed at an array of glowing orange spheres moving across the sky.;1999-11-02 20:25:00;3 minutes;While sitting in my patio, I glanced up and was amazed at an array of glowing orange spheres moving across the sky. I was sitting in my patio listening to music, and I glanced up and saw a W-shaped array of large, bright, glowing, orange lights in the sky. My first thought was that it looked like the constellation Cassiopia because of its shape. But it only took about 5 seconds after my initial shock to realize I was seeing something extrordinary. As they drifted westward, they moved in a random, criss-cross manner, very unlike balloons. As two would maneuver across each other, they would brighten. The thing that struck me was that they couldn't be balloons if they were moving that quickly back and forth, and also they were staying grouped together tightly as they moved across the sky instead of drifting apart as balloons would. Their movements looked very unnatural. One by one I lost view of them as they crossed the constellation Aquila. If anyone else in the L.A. area saw this, please contact me. I would very much like to hear a description of what someone else saw.;34.1082;-118.1569
4 circular lights in early afternoon.;2017-10-27 13:32:00;2 minutes;4 circular lights in early afternoon. There have been a lot of birds in the sky today feeding on the palm trees in my yard so I've been looking up a lot. I saw four circling- what I believed to be Birds initially -flying super high in the sky- much higher than I've seen birds fly and they were curious to me as they were white. As I looked at them, they seemed to start reflecting light-brightly. My white birds seemed to have silver underbellies.  They were moving circularly initially and then broke into a Southeast Direction and as they got closer to me I could see that they were dispersing the air circularly around them. It was very faint but our air is totally dirty today and  cloudless. The air dispersment was visible through their entire movement South East.  The closer they got to me it became clear that they were not reflecting light as much as they were pulsing out a light. Their Southeast motion was like a regular flight-i mean to say they weren't circling.;34.1082;-118.1569
