Large, glowing, bright green fireball falling fast south of Los Angeles.;2005-09-04 00:45:00;2 seconds;Large, glowing, bright green fireball falling fast south of Los Angeles. I saw a bright green fireball fall very fast somewhere due south of Los Angeles. I saw it while I was outside running laps on the high school track, so I got a very clear view of it. I describe it as a fireball for lack of a better word, but really it wasn't because I've seen bolides before and they look much different in both color and it the expulsion of material. This was more like a very bright, very large flare because of its glowing nature, but it was falling way too fast to be a flare. It was quite beautiful actually.;34.1082;-118.1569
FIreball shaped object overhead, seen, then heard, then GONE without a trace.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible a/c with contrail.  PD));2005-11-03 16:40:00;3-5 minutes;FIreball shaped object overhead, seen, then heard, then GONE without a trace. I'm always scanning everything, esp. the sky as it's so beautiful in the later part of the day.   So I'm walking my dog and I'm looking up and I happened to notice a fireball shaped object jetting across the sky with a short, blazing trail/tail behind it.  I thought Not a jet, because a jet's tail extends behind it and stays in the sky looking like a whitish line and this ain't doing THAT!.   So I continued to watch this fireball moving across the sky, not super fast but definitely not slowly either!  The tail stuck right with it, both a beautiful, blazing  bright yellow-orange color....in other words, a fireball.   I called a friend immediately, told her what I was observing and what I took it to be--a UFO.  By this point, I couldn't see the object anymore, not one trace or hint of anything having been up in the sky moments earlier.  I kept looking up in all directions-nothing.   Then maybe 2 minutes later I heard what sounded like jet engines overhead but could see absolutely NO SIGN  of any type of plane, not when I first heard the jet engines, not before I heard anything and after losing sight of the UFO and not after the sounds were gone.  NOTHING, not even residual fading sounds.   Saw a UFO-poof, it's gone.  Heard engines for a moment-poof, over.  No fadeout....no plumes or trails… ((NUFORC Note:  Possible a/c with contrail.  PD));34.1082;-118.1569
It was very early in the morning, in the predawn hours. Under a clear sky filled with stars (or at least as clear as it gets in the Los;2006-08-03 03:45:00;5 seconds;It was very early in the morning, in the predawn hours. Under a clear sky filled with stars (or at least as clear as it gets in the Los Angeles area) I looked straight up, as I often do, for a panoramic view, and to scan the sky for any oddities or any airplanes. Suddenly, the burst of what appeared to be the tail of a small comet, or shooting star, shot across the sky, very high up, and from a thumbnail perspective, left a trail perhaps three to four inches long. This was a bright fiery white burst and by all appearances, was indeed a shooting star, as far as I could tell. However, it is noteworthy because they are relatively rare in the Los Angeles area since they cannot always be spotted from beneath the suburban and urban skies. This one had a long tail and left a trail of sparks. There was nothing to obliterate my view and the appearance of this is apparently what I saw. I continued to stare up at the sky for a little while afterwards however, I saw nothing else that I could deem as being unusual. I would be very interested to know if anyone else saw this, and whether it had essentially the same appearance to them.;34.1082;-118.1569
