It was an extremely huge object, with greenish lights on the bottom, a dome shape on top and very low, flew over lake and house.;2002-11-07 19:00:00;two events:  15 minutes w;It was an extremely huge object, with greenish lights on the bottom, a dome shape on top and very low, flew over lake and house. I am reporting events as told to me by several of the witnesses.  This object was sighted by 5 people each watched for different lengths of time.  My nephew was sitting in the living room and noticed an object over the lake that is over the lake, (Lake Champlain) It was large and was low over the the lake.  The top appeared to be a light and below there were other lights. The bottom lights were possibly green according two witnesses.  He watched the object come off the lake and fly very low and circle around the house.  He could see the bottom of the object and it was like a white light.  The bottom part was rotating where the lights were.  They were kind of greenish.  It disapeared out to the west.  About 10 minutes later it reapeared in the front of the house kind of diagnally from it and just skimed a huge weeping willow tree that is out front near the driveway.  Possibly 50 ft or so.  Then it went back over the lake.  He could see the object stop and hover over the lake for a few minutes.  At this point a beam of light came out of the bottom of the object.  it was a yellow white.  It beamed down onto the lake.  It went down and right back up.  It came back at this point toward the house.  About 50ft away it stopped. Came a little closer and then stopped.  He was standing on the railing of the deck on the front of the house.  It was about even with me in height.  Then it moved straight up and quickly passed.  At one point my sister started to watch it from the window My nephew went in to tell my mom.  My sister saw several lights hovering over the bushes near the house across the street. Then it headed towards the house and then over.  My mom came and looked out the window.  She described it as very large, and she could see greenish lights on the bottom. She saw it over the lake and it just hovered there then started coming back towards the house. She called her neighbors who live across the street and the women said her daughter said she was watching a strange plane out the window.  My other nephew who is 6 also saw it.  My nephew said the was no noise from the object. My nephew said it look like a dome shape on top. No one has had a chance to talk to the neighbors sense the incident. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the party who submitted the report, and she sounded quite credible to us.  We have requested that other reports be submitted by the actual witnesses.  PD));44.7169;-73.3029
