Something is out there.;2011-10-18 03:30:00;15 minutes;Something is out there. It was late at night out in the country where there are no other lights in the sky, except starlight.  We went outside to have a cigarette.  As we were talking we noticed to the south of use four pulsing lights in the sky.  Two of the craft seem to try to get our attention by doing semicircles with one another, well it worked. The crafts stayed in the same position for several minutes.  These crafts moved at amazing speeds as they widened their gap between one another to for a straight line across the night sky.  After a few minutes the craft to our far left took off sideways heading southeast as the second one appeared to head out of the Earth’s atmosphere, and the other two disappeared downwards below the tree line, so we did not get to see them again. Shortly after they were all out of view there was the sound of a high flying jet.  This I know because my job in the military was working with military aircrafts.  There were not lights for this craft and the direction of its sound could not be determined, and it was not the sound of a civilian jet.  I have heard this sound before.  I could only speculate that it was stealth in nature. I would have not thought anything about it, but for its timing after the foreign craft left.  The jet made may passes over the area before it could not be heard again.  The funny thing is that in that area there is normally civilian air traffic however, there was none. There is one other thing to add.  The night before, around the same time, I was getting up to use the restroom and have a cigarette like I normally do.  I tried to sit up out of bed, but there seemed to be a force that would not allow me to.  There was chatter all around me.  I tried to look left and right, but could not seem to focus on any given direction. Then it appeared I was no longer in my bed, but hovering in the doorway to my room.  Another force pulled me forward.  It made me feel uneasy.  I could feel whatever was controlling me felt my unrest.  I was suspended in the doorway for an unknown period of time.  The next second I was on my bed on my back looking up at the ceiling. The ceiling started to glow a bluish white light, or that there may have been a light behind it.  Right above me was a symbol of a blue cross inside of a rectangle that was pressing itself through the ceiling as though it was a type of branding tool. The last thing I remember was my alarm going off at seven thirty in the morning, and I was no longer on my back, but on my stomach faced down on my pillow. I do not know what this experience was about, and nothing like this has ever happened to me, but I have known all my life that I was not alone, and that I was meant for something.  I hope this helps figure out what is going on. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.808;-99.0995
