possable UFO;2007-08-20 19:40:00;4 min;possable UFO I steped out side of the east side of my house threw the front door. I lit up a cigarette, and i noticed a light in the sky. at first i thought it was a plane with its head lights on. then i thought it was a hilicopter searching for someone but the altitude was to high for a hilicopter, and then the light apeered to turn toward me. then the light changed to a baby blue rocket tail and i felt the the surge of thrust slightly and heard ringing in my right ear due to previous dammage to my right ear my hearing is sensative, And with in 8 or 9 seconds it took off out of this atmosphere, and i was straining to follow it with my eyes untill it dissapered.;34.1602;-97.1814000000001
Family sees strange light moving across night sky that flickers, dims, and brightens.;2008-11-27 10:30:00;5 to 10 min.;Family sees strange light moving across night sky that flickers, dims, and brightens. We was coming home from Midwest City,OK after a visit with some of my family members for Thanksgiving when in Ardmore, OK when we seen the most extroidinary sight in my life.  My dad, mom, and my 2 brothers and I all seen this object.  I have kep't this under my hat for about a month now.  We all looked up, and noticed this light moving across the sky.  Can't really remember the direction it was traveling, but I know it wasn't going the opposite way from us.  It was just a light moving across the sky at a very moderate speed.  What got me is when we all seen this light it started to dim out, and flicker off.  So at this point of me being a local community ufo investigator I stopped to think of any explanation for this light.  First I eliminated the plane/jet theory.  No way possible that this was of these two.  Next I eliminated the planet suggestion.  This light/craft was moving, and it flickered off.  We was moving in our van about 80mph, but I know this light object was moving.  I look in the sky's alot I know this stuff.  There was a alot of clouds out.  Almost whole sky was covered.  This object was under cloud level.  So this means that the flickering, and dimming was not due to the excessive amount of clouds in the sky.  There was no way this was a satellite, or shooting star just by examination of the object.  I finally had to come to a conclusion that this object was most likely extraterrestrial.  I mean this object/light would flicker on and off, dim a little then become real bright again.  My mom had the best view, and she said that this was the most bizarre ufo related event that has happened to her.  I agreed right along with her.  I have reported other reports to you guys.   Not to long ago I reported a report to ya'll about the orange like object that turned into a what looked like a star zooming across the sky. I have had my share of seeing ufo's, and I have had my share of being able to investigate around my community, and be able to get to hear other witnesses reports of ufo's. I know what we s! een comi ng home from Midwest City that night, and it wasn't from this Earth. Soon the world will know the truth of these strange anamolies, but I can't say when.  There once was a crash that happened in 1947, claims it was a flying saucer then claims it was a weather balloon, why the sudden change of story's, and why so fast?  This is my ufo groups quote of the day. S.A.F.A.R (Sash Administration For Aerial Research);34.1602;-97.1814000000001
Unknown aircraft that zipped around the sky.;2014-10-10 21:00:00;:45;Unknown aircraft that zipped around the sky I was siting in my bedroom with my friend. She asked me Is this an airplane?, I looked through my window, that faces North and saw a light in the sky that I thought was an airplane.  The light was zipping around in way that is impossible for a known aircraft, such as a helicopter or airplane.  The light kept moving back and forth, we could see that it would hover closer to the ground and then shoot back up higher in the sky.  The light stayed hovering until I fell asleep which was 45 minutes later.;34.1602;-97.1814000000001
