a deep sound flying over to the SW;2000-12-05 20:03:00;4  minutes;a deep sound flying over to the SW We just heard a strange noise flying over southwest by south, a deep rumble as if a very over sized jet sound, maybe 10 times larger, there are low clouds so we couldnt see anything at all thru it, my 6 yr old came and told me to listen as we were watching TV and he thought it was thunder, we went outside and could hear it moving off to the southwest, the whole time  was about 3 minutes, till it was no longer audiable, it has the same sound as the craft on large craft on Indenpendants Day strange but I have no ideal what in the .... would make that sound, I have lived on military bases for years but this was BIGGGGG!!!!;34.1602;-97.1814000000001
My husband and I went outside at 4am last night to look at this strange star my husband told me he saw the other night. The star wasn't;2012-07-22 04:00:00;1 hour 30 minutes;My husband and I went outside at 4am last night to look at this strange star my husband told me he saw the other night. The star wasn't out there earlier on in the night, but he told me it would pop up around 4am. I went out with him, and sure enough it was there. It was very bright and low in the sky...looks like a planet. I don't know if that part is relevant though to our sighting. I looked to the north because I saw a flashing light out of my peripheral.  I thought at first it was an airplane form the flashing lights.  I had my husband look, and we noticed that it wasn't moving. Then I noticed it had more than just blue, red, and white lights, some were green and orange.  It seemed that it was moving towards us after watching and then as it became closer, we noticed that it would move a little bit. It would dart from side to side randomly, in a really fast manner. I  looked back to the west where the star was, and saw another that had popped up.  This one looked like it was about the same distance away, but lower, so I think it was actually closer because my camera wouldn't pick up the first one and it would this one.  This is when I grabbed my laptop to take a video.  Then after videotaping them for about 12 minutes we went inside to grab our phone and take pictures on their as well, and my husband was looking for his looking glass.  I was also just freaked! out and starting to get really frightened and wanted to go inside.  When we came back out about 2-3 minutes later, a huge, bright, white star-like object had appeared south of the original star and just a bit to the left of it.  The 2nd UFO was flying to the right between both of the them, all of them making a triangle shape. The bright light really scared me because it was so low in the sky and looked so close. It wasn't blinking, but rather really bright and big and looked like a star. What was the scariest is that it hadn't been there before. We watched the two UFO's and the star-like object for another hour and a half. During this time another UFO popped up, coming from far away in the north(just right of the first UFO), looking like it was heading east towards the second UFO and surrounding star and star-like object. Then another popped up below the first sighted UFO, and it was coming from far away as well. It didn't look like it was heading anywhere to the right or le! ft, but just coming closer towards us. All in all, this experi! ence sca red me really bad. I've never believed in stuff like this before, and I don't want to believe it. Maybe what I saw can be explained, but I don't know what to believe anymore. This was a wake up call to me I think. If you think about it, you hear this all the time, but you blow it off as a crazy person. It is reported all too often to their not be some truth to the matter, and that is what scares me the most.  We also heard a strange noise in the middle of our sighting. It sounded kind of like a gun shot or a crash. Their were many trains going by while it happened and so i couldn't hear much ohther than that. I thought I heard an aircraft kind of noise, like a whooshing noise at one time,as well(around the time the star-like object appeared. I don't know if this is relevant, but thought I would add it just in case. Additionally, the objects were far away, maybe miles. The bright star looked very close though, and was very, very low towards the ground. Every once in a while it seemed like it would pulse. I don't know if that was just a trick of the eye though.;34.1602;-97.1814000000001
