Green plasma ball style object over Chicago, IL;2000-07-15 00:30:00;5 seconds;Green plasma ball style object over Chicago, IL I walked out to my car late at night to get something out of it. As I was just about to enter back into the house I was extremely compelled to stop, turn around, and look upwards into the sky facing East. As I stood there looking into the sky for over a minute this overwhelming feeling was getting stronger so I decided to trust this gut feeling and keep looking. I can't remember exactly how long I was standing there all together, maybe 5 minutes, but I stood there like a rock to satisfy this overwhelming feeling. Eventually something did happen. This large ball of neon-green looking object appeared coming from the South traveling in a Northbound direction which also left a flame trail of some sorts behind it. It appeared to travel a few miles from the point in which I first noticed it and may have been coming down at a 5-10 degree angle? At first I was convinced that it was some sort of meteor but then it stopped in mid air for a few seconds. As it stood there in the air it made all sorts of colors and during these color changes I was able to make out some sort of circular shapes. It also had something glowing around  and within the fluctuating colors. This something is best described by looking at a neon-green style Plasma ball. I'm not even sure green Plasma balls even exist but those who know what a Plasma ball is will get the idea. While it was doing this color changing thing it changed direction from going down to the ground traveling Northbound to going up in the air traveling North and then Northeast. It also appeared to be traveling faster when it took off after pausing in the air. It was now obvious that this was no meteor! Unfortunately all I have is a sketching of it that I made within a few minutes after the experience. I still have the sketching and will send it in for better reference. I sure wish I knew what was going to happen instead of just getting a feeling of looking up. I probably would have had enough time to get my video camera! The colors from this thi! ng were unlike anything I have ever seen so far in the skies. Regardless of what this object was it has become the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in person. The whole experience now feels like some sort of spiritual experience, strange stuff......;41.7033;-87.8298
