Beautiful gold colored disk up close;1996-02-09 10:00:00;3 min;Beautiful gold colored disk up close I have seen several u.f.o. sightings over the years but never reported them until now. This is one of five of my sightings and the most spectacular one out of the five. My friend and myself were heating and air installation employees who worked for Climate Control out of south boston at the time this took place. We were working on the sears building roof top,installing the last flue pipe on the job site that day.The sky was completely clear blue sky, no clouds anywhere, perfect visability! We had just picted up  our tool belts and heading towards the roof top stair door, i noticed a craft that i had mistaken for a small airplane at a glance in the distance that had hovered around the old Dan River Mills smoke stacks located closest to the worsham st. bridge area, down in that direction.After catching my attention i noticed that the craft was moving in our direction, straight at us. The moment that i realized this object was not an airplane was when it began to turn on its side at a 90 degree angle with no drop in altitude and not in a turn such as an aircraft would do.The object turned 90 degrees on its side and then it turned back to a level position as it was moving towards us on the roof top of the sears building, and keep in mind, this object was just a little bit higher than we were at eye level.Once the object returned to a horizontal position it was close enough to be fully visable with much detail.Once the craft leveled ot to a horizontal position i yelled out to my work mate and i pointed str! aight at it in total shock and disbelief. At that moment the craft turned upwards on its side at a 45 degree angle and shot across the sky at a speed so fast that the object became a streak of white light accross the sky, and there was a noticeable point of exit at the end of the streak of white light. Where the object streak ended in the sky there was something like white stars of light that shot back towards the direction of the streak of white light.Also this streak of light was not a vapor trail it was a split second exit, aweome and unbelievable.The craft was a disk shaped object with small areas on the top side like dark rectangular shaped indentations and the same on the bottom side of the craft as well.The object was a beautiful gold color like the sun and the classic disk shape like in the old ufo movies.The object had an appearence of a somewhat dulling effect of the light around the object but plainly visable. This was the first time i had seen anything like this! before, and until then i was a skeptic, not anymore! I rememb! er feeli ng like a kid on Christmas morning, with a new exitement and outlook on the world we live in, and somewhat afraid as well now that i new these were more than just science fiction stories and folklore!;36.602892173913;-79.4123808695653
as the ufo took off at very high speed ,the jets coming in 10 to 15 minutes later meant it was definately something.;1996-07-23 22:30:00;4 to 5 minutes;as the ufo took off at very high speed ,the jets coming in 10 to 15 minutes later meant it was definately something. i am a ((public servant)) in the city of danville and i live in the county area which is a city address but still in the county.me and my brother in law were taking off the trash and when i got to the top of my road i took a right. as soon as i got on rt.863 (moorefield bridge rd.)i noticed an orange type round objcct just sitting about estimated 500 ft. in the air at a complete standstill. didnt really think nothing until we went under it and it looked very unreal.i asked my brother in law what he thought it was and he had no idea neither.i pulled off the road at on the corner of mt. cross rd. and rt.863. we got out and watched it just sit there.there was no colorfull lights like in the movies.it was one color from what i could see.we watched in amazement and couldnt beleive it. about 30 seconds into watching it, it started moving very slowly to the west back towards martinsville va. we watched it for about 10 seconds and it took off faster than i have ever seen anything before in my life. kind of like the startrek ent. did at the end of the show.afterwards we took off trash and went back home, and i told my wife what had happended.she thought i was full of it. about 15 minutes after we saw it take off, we heard a bunch of noise and went outside to see and it was about 10 to 15 jets flying in the same direction the ufo was flying. couldnt tell wheather it was military jets or not for it being dark.also before i forget the ufo made no noise whats so ever. so my queston is was it military all along just performing top secret stuff. i think not for it was to fast ,and the round shape of it and it making no noise at all.we are not that advanced yet anyways. somebody and i dont know who picked it up on radar and whatever military branch went to check it out.from the time we saw it fly away until the jets flew over my house was about a 10 to 15 minute span.my wife then believed us after what had happened because never have we seen that many jets at one time over our area and at that hour too. on another note ! the ufo more than likely could have been seen from my house.my brother in law is pretty much a loser and not a good reference to use but he happened to be there with me. but that is the coolest thing to ever happen to me. about a week later i told my brother who is a policeman in the city of danville va, and he told me he saw something flying over rt.836 before too. i wont go into that story though,but pretty akward huh.both of us are outstanding citizens in our community so take if for what its worth.that certain area is prone to weird stuff happening. about a weekbeforemy incedent me and my wife were coming home from going out to eat, and as soon as we got out of the car we heard a loud windy firey noise,and as i turned around i saw a great big fireball diving over the trees. a pretty close asteroid, and large one.not a ufo though but not a shooting star neither. once again something strange in that area,but that one is explainable.the other story is unexplainable. take it for what its worth .but it was dramatic for me and my brother in law. ill never forget it . if anybody wants a more elaborated story email me at ((e-address deleted)) on another short note i dont live at the that address anymore. i have no pictures or video but would be happy to draw a map and a description of the ufo if needed. just let me know.;36.602892173913;-79.4123808695653
Could only see after photo was taken. Craft was disc shaped, gren/gray color, no sound, light from one end;2018-09-13 20:03:00;7 minutes;Could only see after photo was taken.  Craft was disc shaped, gren/gray color, no sound, light from one end;36.602892173913;-79.4123808695653
