We noticed a firey orange object with a white light that rotated around it moving slowly in the sky.;2007-09-01 21:30:00;3 minutes;My husband and I were over a friends house on Saturday September 1,2007. We were sitting on the back porch at about 9:30 pm when we noticed a firey orange object with a white light that rotated around it moving slowly in the sky.  It was heading North East over Roseville, Michigan it made no noise and left no visible trail.  As it moved past us it appeared to drop a ball of light which swirled it's way towards the ground it dimmed as it descended out of view. It then began to speed up and a smaller object the same color shot out of the front and disappeared at a rapid speed.  The bigger firey object than changed from orange to black and disappeared out of sight.  Were not sure what we saw but, all 4 of us agree we never saw anything like it before.;42.5138;-82.9396
Aware and very real.;2013-08-28 20:00:00;8-10 minutes;Aware and very real. “Fireball phenomenon”  This past week I have sited several orange orbs of what seem like fire.  Except unlike fire, no light source is being produced.  There is no smoke or any type of debris falling from or floating with orb.  There is no sound.   Every orb that I have sited has been just that, a fire like orb appearing as a deep orange color.   though these orbs have been described as fire balls.  They don’t emit a glow as a fire would and they do not flicker the way fire, especially fire floating through the air would.   These orange orbs I have been siting are unique.  They are unique to me because I have seen something of a similar phenomenon in my native state.  Except the orbs I sited in my native state of Florida were red orbs of light that I saw numerous times over a course of two years.   The red lights always appeared in a group of three.  They never split away from each other.  They always remained close and seemed to stay in one area of the sky, but at a considerably far distance from me.  Unlike! the orange lights I have seen that separate from one another and venture close to populated areas.   On several occasions I have witnessed all three red lights participate in creating three formations in a particular order.  When the red lights would perform there “formation ritual” the lights were always over the Gulf of Mexico.  They would appear one at a time at first in no particular order.  They were all just close together.  Shortly after appearing the red lights dimmed out reappearing in a vertical line, one at a time, top to bottom.  They would hold this formation for a remainder of less than 5 minutes and again dim out.  Less than 3 minutes later the lights would reappear in a horizontal line, turning on one at a time, left to right.  This formation was held for a remainder of less than 5 minutes until yet again the lights dim out.   Now less than 3 minutes later all three red lights have appeared at the same time in a triangle formation.  Very shortly after the last formatio! n they move in close together still holding there triangle for! mation. They move in towards each other, all three lights connect and then disappear.  Just last night I was able to see an orange orb up close enabling me to better monitor its movements and rule out any speculation of the mysterious orange fire balls as being Chinese lanterns or anything related to such.  These orange orbs I have seen in the sky appear to me as being some source of intelligence.  Whether it be in the form of controlled or just an unexplainable form. These things seem to me to have an agenda. Saturday 08-24-13	  My family and I were traveling east on 696 late in the evening.  It was dark. I looked up into the sky from the passenger window to see a very deep orange colored sphere floating very close.  It was almost as close as the tops of the freeway lights.  We were traveling at 70 mph and the orange sphere traveled with us for about 3 mins appearing in the same spot in my window.   After freaking out and trying to get my husband to look at what I was seeing, when I looked again it was gone.  It really looked like a ball of fire.  It seemed to be about the size of a traffic light.  A standard round traffic light.  08-27-13 It was again late evening my husband and I were in our back yard relaxing by candle light.  I looked to the north and saw one fire ball that began to slowly drift west and eventually dimmed out.  It was over a course of five minutes.  Another fire ball appeared in the same general location as the first, but instead traveled north east and after a few short minutes slowly dimmed out.  We waited around to see another one until eventually my husband urged me to come in.  As I was stepping through the door way of my back door right before I was inside I looked to the north and saw another fire ball. 08-28-13 Last night around the time of 9:30 I asked my husband to join me in our back yard. Unbeknownst to him I wanted to see the orange fire balls again.  After entering our back yard I walked to our patio table to set down the lit citronella candle I was holding.  After doing so I immediately looked to my left (which is north) up to the sky…. …and behold!  My husband and I see an orange fire ball.   We watched it for a duration of at least 8 to 10 minutes.  It appeared in the north and after almost five minutes it got closer and was now about to pass over our house.  While it was still approaching us and getting closer, we noticed tiny red lights blink a couple times in the bottom part of the fire ball.   Then it increased its speed.  When it did this it left a very faint trail of light that almost seemed animated.  I can’t think of a better way to describe it. It was very unusual.  What was even more unusual was when the fire ball began to pass directly over our heads.  It faded from the deep! orange/amber color to a very transparent orange.  It was so transparent that it was almost undetectable.  It looked like the orbs of light that will sometimes appear in still frame pictures.  It was as if the fire ball faded in color because it didn’t want to be detected.  It emitted no sound, debris, smoke, nothing. It was so incredible and strange!  After watching the first fire ball pass over out of sight we again looked north to see another fire ball heading west.;42.5138;-82.9396
