Bright, white object with flashing red, yellow, green, and blue lights hovering in the night sky seen from Buffalo, Minnesota;2009-01-16 18:30:00;at least 2 hours;Bright, white object with flashing red, yellow, green, and blue lights hovering in the night sky seen from Buffalo, Minnesota On January 15, 2009, I witnessed an Unidentified Flying Object from my home in Buffalo, Minnesota.  Here are the event details:  my husband and teenage daughter went out to run some errands.  I’m not exactly sure what time it was when he called me to see if I could see it from our house.  Indeed I could.  I studied it for a moment and concluded that it was not an airplane I am familiar with the light patterns of airplanes, and this craft was flashing red, yellow, green and blue and seemed to be hovering in the night sky.  I grabbed my digital camera and took some pictures.  Looking at the craft with the naked eye, there were no “tails”, however, the “tails” were captured using the camera.  I then proceeded to use my digital camera to record a video of the craft.  In the video, we could see the movement: back and forth, up and down, and side to side, with no regular pattern.  My husband proceeded to tell me on the phone that he and our daughter were trying to drive to the craft’s location, but every time they got close, the craft would shoot to another location within view.  Duration of sighting was at least two hours.  Only one craft was sighted, its shape was hard to determine due to the distance, but seemed to be a bright light (extremely bright) with flashing red, yellow, green, and blue colors.  Its motion was sporadic at times, but seemed to hover in the same general area in the sky.  The weather conditions were as follows: very cold (approximately -20o) with clear skies.  It was evening (after 6 pm Central time).  The next day, January 16, 2009, a relative from Mason City, Iowa called to say that their family of three also saw the object in the sky (I posted the video on the internet and sent them pictures as well).  Our teenage daughter also captured some pictures with her digital camera, showing more erratic movement and green “tails”.  Distance was very hard to determine since the movement was not visible with the naked eye.  I was standing at my patio doors, filming above my h! ead slig htly.  From where I was standing, in order to cover it in the sky, I would have to have held up a dime.;45.1846000000004;-93.8632999999983
