MUFON GEORGIA REPORT:  MUFON of Georgia Ufologist Observes Massive Low Altitude Object.;1990-02-03 11:30:00;Several Minutes;MUFON of Georgia Ufologist Observes Massive Low Altitude Object On 29March07, at about 11:30AM, Dr. Joye Pugh, (W1) a long time member of Georgia MUFON and a MUFON Consultant, was driving with her husband on Hwy 158 West, 7-8 miles outside of their hometown of Douglas Georgia.  While driving through this rural countryside, Her husband (W2), saw something unusual off to the NE.  He pointed it out to W1 and they both began to observe more closely.   Observed was a strange object floating just above the pine trees on the right side of the road, barely moving.  W1 driving, slowed down to a crawl to time the object's road crossover to be just above them.  The object then came to a complete stop and hovered.  Due to curvy road conditions and driver safety, W1 moved slightly down to a dirt road.  W1 then turned the vehicle around and proceeded back.  As they now viewed the object on the left side, it began to reverse it's course (BACK-UP), returning in the same direction as it's initial approach.  W1 got to a nearby area to pull off and they watched as it slowly flew back to the NE, without turning around as any normal craft would have done (BACKING-UP). Witnesses watched until the object began to vanish in the distance, then took a route on some country roads where the terrain would allow an unobstructed view and make following the object easier.  The object had by this time vanished completely.  Further searching proved futile. W1 described the object as being DISC-LIKE, but having similar profile and a large mass sort of like a military Chinook helicopter (but larger) which is what they first considered upon seeing it.  However upon close scrutiny, there were no rotors, no sound, no wings, no windscreen, no landing gear, and no markings.  The fuselage appeared like DULL or tarnished steel, with a YELLOW-GREEN tint. Local authorities in the area have no information regarding similar events and likewise the regional airport. This writer, and John Bodin, ASD for south Georgia, and MUFON researcher Joye Pugh, will continue probing this matter.  Currently, local information was found that an UNIDENTIFIED resident of the OCILLA Georgia area may have recently encountered a HUGE unknown object that he thought was going to land on his home.  Efforts to locate this witness are underway, but have thus far been unsuccessful.  This may be an important witness since OCILLA is only about 20 miles to the WNW of Douglas i.e. the scene of the above described event. NOTE TO SOUTH GEORGIA RESIDENTS---If you have any information regarding the above described event, please contact Tom Sheets, MUFON's Georgia Director, at mufonofga1@yahoo.com.    Anyone having EXPERIENCED such an event first hand, please do the following 1) File the NUFORC report form on this site 2) Also go to www.mufon.com and file a report there 3)  As indicated, please contact me at the above email address. Your information is important to MUFON and to NUFORC.  All witness IDENTITIES are held STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. Thanks. SD Tom Sheets, ASD John Bodin, Dr. Joye Pugh, Douglas Case Investigators-MUFON of Georgia ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to Tom Sheets, Director of MUFON/Georgia, for sharing this report with our Center.  PD));31.4718878048781;-82.8529975609756
