Bright headlights, pulsating objecting moving in rapid multiple directions.;2006-08-12 22:00:00;30 seconds;Bright headlights, pulsating objecting moving in rapid multiple directions. As witnessed by myself and two friends. While enjoying a vacation in the White Mountains we were standing outside on a deck watching a meteor shower. Then something strange occured from the West there was what appeared to be a plane flying by. I noticed that it's headlights were on so I assumed it was getting ready to land. Then the headlights turned directly at us. They shined at us briefly, 3 seconds, and then the object continued on its path. This is where it got very strange the object stopped in mid air and then changed directions. There was no delay it stopped in it's tracks and began heading the opposite direction. The object began moving in a somewhat zig-zag fashion across the sky. It would head North, then South, then West almost as if it was climbing stairs. It then vanished. There was no noise. When the headlights were not facing us it appeared to pulsate.  I have always been opened to the possiblity of UFO's I no longer have any doubts. We told a couple of other people however they laughed...their loss I guess.;44.1676;-71.1869
1 Orange, 2 white lights and strange occurances;2014-06-02 01:00:00;13 minutes;1 Orange, 2 white lights and strange occurances Sunday, June 1, 2014:  I work in a restaurant, and had just gotten home from work.  Typical day.  I was tired and went straight to bed at about 11:00-11:30 pm.  I was in a deep dream state, and can recall my dream for the most part, which is largely unusual for me. I was awoken around 1:00 am June 2 by a series of 3 LOUD knocks coming from somewhere close by, inside the house.  The knocks were loud enough that I woke up with quite a start, and sat straight upright in bed.  Wide awake, my eyes were open and the walls were moving in a wavy sort of way.  I noticed the window sills bending and twisting.  I was a bit weirded out, but figured my eyes were adjusting to having just come directly out of a very vivid dream state.   I looked up at my ceiling fan and it was fading in and out of darkness, like what one might see when you are about to faint when you stand up too fast.  Also I notice my hearing is super super keen.  I can hear the refrigerator humming in the kitchen and other sounds that I think are the house settling.  There is slight banging and knocking sounds and its almost as if I can tell from exactly what direction each noise is coming from in the house, I imagine its like how a bat must hear.  I am also feeling like I am not alone in the house, like something is there.   My small hairs are standing on end at this point.  I'm sitting upright in bed still, my eyes not focusing and feeling like I'm having an acid flashback of some sort, fear is setting in, and after a couple of minutes sitting there, my eyes still aren't adjusting.  I cover one eye with one hand, hoping I will help focus them and do the same with the other eye, nothing changes. I look out the north east window, and see 2 bright stars, swirling and dancing with each other and realize that my vision is quite messed up, I am freaked out and decide I need air.   So I get out of bed, iphone in hand (because I'm more frightened than I have ever been in my life and I might need to call someone) and walk to the west facing windows, which look out over a valley that the village of Jackson is in.  As I am looking out the window, thinking of opening it, I notice the stars in the sky are all perfectly in focus, no swimming or blurring, just perfect wide sky-the two white lights to the northeast that I saw while I was still in my bed- they are still 'dancing' with one another.  Then an orange, steady light comes into view from the south west, about as high as a regular plane would fly, but orange- non blinking.  It travels relatively slowly across the sky- STOPS for about 15 seconds- starts moving again at its original speed in a different direction- STOPS AGAIN- starts moving after a short 5 second pause, then proceeds to fly out of sight beyond the treeline by my house.  As I am watching the orange light move across the sky, I text a friend who lives up the street @ 1:11 am:  Look out your window UFOs in Jackson sky!  Why I didn't film it-I don't know-I was super scared and remember considering doing it, but had the distinct feeling that it might piss someone off or wouldn't be the right thing to do.  I am more scared than ever in my life at this point and decide I need to go out and be with other people.   So I turn to head to the garage and hear sounds in my house.  I am freaked and realize I cant run from this, that going outside might not be a good idea either, so I close my bedroom door, look in the closet for whatever is in the house, and climb into bed- turn on my relaxing music to drown out the sounds in the house, pull the covers over my head and bury myself in pillows and fall asleep. I wake up same as always 4:30 am, feeling calm and rested.  I remember everything clear as a bell.  I walk thru the sun lit house, checking all the doors and closets to make sure no one is in the house.  I go about my day, pondering the night before, my rational mind going over everything, making excuses about what I heard and saw.   By the end of the day, I have everything rationalized, explained logically, EXCEPT the 3 knocks.  So I google it '3 knocks at night' and the first website that pops up,of course, has an alien on the homepage~~~&gt creepy shivers!   I take a shower before work, look for any strange marks on my body- none.   That's the end of the story I hope.   I don't remember seeing any other worldly beings, I was not hurt in any way- just terrified.;44.1676;-71.1869
