Additional Info for the Friday Oct. 25th 10:30PM Sighting of 2 UFOs in Seaside Park NJ off the Ocean front.;2013-10-25 22:30:00;30 seconds;Additional Info for the Friday Oct. 25th 10:30PM Sighting of 2 UFOs in Seaside Park NJ off the Ocean front Add this to my previous report.  The crafts must have been USA airplanes or from earth since both had a red light on top.  Odd thing is that they were totally silent even though 500 feet above ground and about the width of 2 city blocks away traveling fast.  Since they were heading toward me could explain that I could only see bright lights.  This could have been their head lights.  However, why would anyone trying to conceal their identity travel with all lights on and a red light on top ?  Also the next morning the beach coastline had fishermen and their SUVs all side by side in front of my house.  Fish run in August I thought even though some people have told me that the fish run in late October.  That night I saw a shooting star that headed in the direction of where those 2 UFOs came from.  So another ship may have joined them or was trying to hook up with them.  I read another report that someone else further down the Barrier Island where I saw this als! o saw a UFO 2 nights earlier.  I think someone should check Island Beach to see if any ships landed there.  Probably too difficult since it is all bush or brush and sand which the wind and ocean could easily cover the landing marks.  There is also many marsh areas to easily cover landing marks.  My hunch is that there crafts were from Earth,  However, the unanswered question is why them did the 2 crafts travel so fast so low and so silently ?  No sound at all and there was barely any breeze that night to prevent the sound from traveling to me.;39.9225;-74.0811
2 UFOs at Night come off the ocean flying 500 ft above around silently.;2013-10-25 22:30:00;30;2 UFOs at Night come off the ocean flying 500 ft above around silently. 2 UFOs came from deep off the horizon at night from the ocean.  They flew faster than any plane I ever say.  They flew interwining paths.  Both had a red light at top and both appeared to be in the shape of a cross with the horizontal arms of the cross the widest.  The cross was all in light.  No sign of any metal craft.  They paused for a second when I waved hello from my porch which was lite up.  When I opened my jacket to pull out my strongest glasses they flew south toward the bird sanctuary which is all forest and deserted.  Both UFOs were silent yet only were about 500 feet off the group and barely 1 full city block away over the ocean.  I thought they were fighter jets because of the red light at top.  However, I realized later they were UFOs since planes do not appear as light in the shape of a cross.  They appeared at first as flying stars.  When I put on my strongest glasses for fine reading I could see the light had a red light on top with a cross shape of white light.  The arms of the cross of light were the widest.  40 years ago my mom and I would watch these UFOs fly high up in the sky.  We have not see any UFOs in the area ever since.  This is the first time they have returned and the first time they fly so low.  A MIG flew by years ago when the President of the USA permitted a MIG to flew across the country.  So my home is a flight path for civilian and military craft.  For this reason I thought the 2 UFOs were USA fighter planes until I realized the crafts were all light and nothing metal formed the crafts.  The red light on top of each craft told me that they must be USA or earth bound crafts so I did not call any authorities.;39.9225;-74.0811
