Green ovular/cigar shaped ball of pure energy radiates off treetops and cuts over highway;2005-11-18 22:00:00;4 seconds;Green ovular/cigar shaped ball of pure energy radiates off treetops and cuts over highway. On Friday evening, we were driving eastbound on 90 east in MASS.  We were generally in the area of the highway that is south of Pittsfield. Though the sighting duration may seem odd (4 seconds), and leave too many questions for the average skeptic, please allow me to elaborate before you hastily draw a conclusion. I was the driver of the vehicle and had a passenger in both the front and rear of the vehicle.  A rapid movement in the corner of my eye, slightly above and to the left caught my attention.  A green ovular/cigar shaped ball of pure, very green (and unchanging) energy was there, cutting perfectly horizontal to the surface of the earth from right to left.  It was heading from south to the north as we were traveling east. As I caught the end of its horizontal manuever it suddenly, and drastically, changed directions in an impossible fashion.  It was a movement that would be be impossible for any known earth technology.  It was also something that defied the physics of a plane, comet or fireworks.   It suddenly headed downward and at an angle to the left of my position.  It suddenly vanished a hundred feet above the treetops.  The ball of pure light was described by the frontside passenger as a green lightsaber type energy.   Coincidentally, she saw it about 1 second after it caught my eye.  She screamed out, Oh my god a plane is crashing!  Then she suddenly froze up and sort of stuttered when it changed direction and blinked out of existence.  Right when it was over the trees it illuminated them slightly which was strange.  It radiated a green ambient light that matched the color of the energy.  She became very shaken and emotional.  She took out her camera in the event there was another appearance of the craft but it suddenly died entirely.  Ten minutes later, further down the road, it turned on with a 100 percent full charge.  She started talking to the passenger in the back who did not see the craft because of her position. The roof of the car blocked her line of sight.  She began getting teared up and inexplicably emotional.  We both agreed that we felt very vulnerable.  She began saying that she felt as though she was a child laying in bed.  Before she could go further with the analogy, I completed the thought by saying, ...like when you feel completely unsafe and prone when there are no covers over you.   She became more shaken and said, That is EXACTLY what I was going to say!   Though we were driving from the New York area to New Hampshire, a 6-7 hour trip, it took forever.  We did get lost at one point but we couldn't take into account the FULL three to four hours that were added to our trip time (total of 10 hours or so).  We had no notice of any sort of incongruity that might come with missing time.  When we finally arrived at our destination, the other witness talked to her friend that did not see the ship in private.  The non-witness came out to the living room and told me the witness was tearing up and clearly shaken.  The other witness had no prior interest in UFO phenomenon or anything relating to the subject matter. I  myself have always been interested and I have to say that this was 100 percent unexplainable and absolutely extraordinary!;42.4509000000006;-73.2494999999999
