Three large lights in triangle form and then they got smaller and disappeared;2004-10-15 23:00:00;15 second;Three large lights in triangle form and then they got smaller and disappeared Driving back from bowling one evening. I never seen lights this big in the sky and they definately weren't from an aircraft. I kept looking up at these 3 large lights while slowing my car down so I can concentrate better. Two of the lights began getting smaller and smaller until they disappeared and then the third light did the same soon after. This was definately something weird I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));43.4781836653387;-80.5436011952192
Two mysterious objects flying near Waterloo;2010-08-29 21:50:00;30 sec.;Two mysterious objects flying near Waterloo On August 29th, 2010, yesterday night, I was returning home with my family from Grand Bend, Ontario. We were driving E.(East) on Highway 7 near Waterloo at the time. According to Google Maps the exact towns name is Wilmot, Ontario.  The highway did not have any lights on the side of the road, making it very easy to see the stars in the sky.  At 21:50 (9:50pm) I was looking out the window from the back seat of the car (right side) and was looking at the stars, which I enjoy watching occasionally at home. When I was looking up, I noticed two objects straight up very far off in the distance moving across the sky very quickly from right to left. The objects were moving very fast side by side from the right side to the left side. At first, the objects were traveling beside each other, but after a couple of seconds the object farthest away from me quickly turned and started separating from the other object. After a few more seconds, the objects once again started traveling parallel to each other.  I told my younger brother who was also with me that I see something strange in the sky, he looked up and also saw the two objects. He also said they did not look like planes or satellites.  I tried taking a picture, but the objects were too dim to be displayed on the camera. We pulled the car to the side of the road to take a better picture, but when we did, we lost track of the objects, they split up again and vanished. I still however took a picture of the stars I saw that night. (10sec. exposure, f/1.4 ISO 200) – yes, I am a photographer and I have taken pictures of stars before.  I live in an area where planes fly over head of my house all the time. My house is located where the planes turn around and head for their final approach for landing. I know how planes look like in the sky up high or lower, and this was no a plane. First, planes have blinking lights, this did not. Planes travel relatively slowly when you see them really high in the air, but these two objects were moving super fast! I have never seen anything move that fast, that far away. I also want to state that I know how satellites look like. I do see some occasionally in the night as I do look at the stars frequently. They do go fairly slow and are a bit dim. But, this was much faster and both objects were much brighter and were constantly lit, not going from dim to bright and so forth. These objects were for sure not planes or satellites.  *I know when this happened and where this happened exactly because I had a GPS at the time and I recorded an audio clip of myself explaining what I saw location, time, etc.;43.4781836653387;-80.5436011952192
