Light moving over Sevierville;2008-04-10 20:00:00;10 minutes;Light moving over Sevierville I was sitting on the front porch it was almost dark. I was in Dandridge TN, I live on top of a ridge facing the great Smoky Mountains. I can see 5 counties from my porch. I sit out their every evening and watch the sun set but I have never seen anything like this before. I watched bright light move across the sky. It was over the area of Muddy Creek, north East of Sevierville. The light, which was not blinking, was moving very slowly across the sky, using the Mountains as a reference the light was only a couple of hundred feet off the ground. Our mountains are only 6,000+ feet tall and it was at the base level. When it neared Sevierville the light dimmed and I lost it. this took about five minutes and the distance between when I first saw the light to when it dimmed and I lost it was about 7-8 miles and lasted 5 minutes. About 30 minutes latter I saw it again and it moved from Sevierville back the way it came to muddy creek, going to same speed and at the same elevation. It went back another 6-7 miles then I saw it land. I was able to see the light through the trees as it went behind the ridge. I didn’t see anything else that night. We have a lot of helicopters in the area, I have seen these and this was not helicopter, it was traveling too slow. We have an airport but an airplane cant land like that. Besides it is a very small airport. As far as a helicopter landing, no one with that much money lives in Muddy Creek. I have never seen anything like this before, I watch the evening sky every night, and I can see 5 counties but I have never seen anything like this.;36.0008;-83.4233
This was the first of two times this has been seen. Around 10 p.m. I was sitting on my porch smoking a cigarette watching the stars. Wh;2016-12-30 22:00:00;20-30 minutes;This was the first of two times this has been seen.  Around 10 p.m., I was sitting on my porch smoking a cigarette, watching the stars.  When I noticed a bright almost triangle light that was hovering in the sky.  It was low enough to be under radar and there were other aircraft in the sky to compare it to ruling out airport traffic as there was absolutely no similar air craft in the sky   Having never in my life seen something like this, I hit record and took a video of it.  The colors were nothing the ffa has approved and I was leery to be out there.  I called out to my sister's boyfriend and my son as they were near me and pointed it out.  They both felt the same way I did. Leery.  We watched the craft with it's pulsating lights and zig zag movements for almost 20 to 30 minutes when suddenly it went at an amazing fast speed straight up and was gone.   During the entire time my dogs refused to go outside and were whimpering.   During the recording, I made there are grey static anomalies. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.0008;-83.4233
