Orange/red light at low altitude flying at steady speed;2013-05-15 21:00:00;5 minutes;Orange/red light at low altitude flying at steady speed On 5/15/13, at approximately 2100 hours, while walking my dogs in the Chestnut Hill area, I saw what appeared to be a bonfire about halfway up English Mountain.  My first thought was that it was awfully hot for one.  Then I worried that it might be something on fire, so I walked to a place where I didn’t have to view it between leaves on trees.   I realized that it was moving—in my direction, on a southwest to northeasterly path at a steady speed.  As it came closer, I could tell it was in the sky, though low and the “fire” became red.   I then thought it must be a helicopter and I was seeing its red light, though it was not flashing.  I waited to see the green light, or to hear the sound of the blades.   It was traveling at a speed similar to a helicopter.  It ended up passing overhead at a low altitude and there was never a sound—not from propellers and not from an engine.   While overhead it appeared to be a light at the bottom of a triangular shaped object, ! but that could have been the radiating beams of light that created an illusion.   If I were to describe the light itself, it was more like that from a flare as opposed to a lightbulb.   Trees obstructed further view.  I am 61 years old and have never before seen anything like it.;36.0008;-83.4233
Large ball of yellow light making erratic movements, disappears.;2013-10-22 20:15:00;12 seconds;Large ball of yellow light making erratic movements, disappears I was standing on my porch and looking at English Mountain while talking on the phone.  I saw dull yellow object ascend rapidly into the skyline above the mountain.  It was in the distance (across the other side of the mountain) but it was larger than any aircraft I've ever seen. Steady light, no blinking and no sound.   I immediately ceased my phone call to watch it because I was stunned by what I was seeing and very confused.  It hovered over the mountain in my line of sight but it was much lower than any normal flight paths.   At first it shot up and hovered for a few seconds, then it shot rapidly to the left in a straight line. It moved so quickly that the light left a small pattern in the sky behind it for a split second (probably just my eyes adjusting).  Then it stopped completely and was still for another second or two.  Then it shot again to the left just as fast as before in the same straight line across the horizon.  And then it zigzagged rapidly downward, angled to the right.  It stopped again.  Then it zigzagged rapidly downward, angled to the left again. In this last zigzag, it descended below my line of vision behind the mountain.  No noise. No leftover lights.  It just disappeared. About two minutes later, I noticed two aircraft (small blinking lights, normal looking) flying in that area and they also disappeared behind the mountain after another minute or so. It's hard to describe the orb/ball I saw.  Again, it looked like a dull yellow but it was also very  bright at the same time (or, at least, very big).  It did not brighten up the sky around it from what I could see. It was across the mountain but from where I was positioned, it had risen just enough for me to see it over the tree-line of English Mountain. I've never seen anything like this before.  I don't know what to make of it.   I'm reporting this so that maybe someone else saw the same thing I did and has done the same.;36.0008;-83.4233
