UFOs shape like a glowing flame crafts viewed by many, I  video taped 3 of them on July 7, 2007 at Clear Lake, Indiana at night;2007-07-07 22:30:00;30 minutes;UFOs shape like a glowing flame crafts viewed by many, I  video taped 3 of them on July 7, 2007 at Clear Lake, Indiana at night I shot video of UFOs flying over our lake, here are the details of my sighting over Clear Lake in Fremont, Indiana on July 7, 2007 at approximately 10:30 pm.  Clear Lake was celebrating the forth of July with fireworks on July 7th, 2007 at about 9:50pm. The fireworks lasted until around 10:30 pm. My family, including my son-in-law and his wife and kids, were standing on our pier just as the fireworks ended. It was a crystal clear evening and you could easily see the left-over smoke from the fireworks against the darkening starlit night. The left-over firework smoke was drifting about 2-300 feet high and 500 yards out from me moving left to right as we stood on the pier looking to the north.  My 36 year old son-in-Law pointed out this moving object to our left above the firework smoke moving left to right seemingly glowing like a flame. It was circular and it appeared to look like the fire and glow of the tail pipe of a fighter jet without noise or sound. The object was the size of a medium aircraft but perfectly round. The object was moving much faster then the firework smoke still drifting across the northern sky. I look even further back to my left and it looked like several of these fiery objects were line up in single file like you would see at an airport with airplanes lined up to land. The fiery objects past over head right in front of us in single file and moved rapidly east and upwards until they when out of sight. I counted eight of them which flu west to east almost horizon to horizon.  As a 15 year veteran NBC affiliate director/producer in television, I frequently carry a video camera for chasing storms and news stories and decided to run to grab my video camera in our cottage during the sighting. It only took me seconds to grab my video gear but before I could get it started recording I was only able to video tape one single object flying left to right climbing out of sight like the other seven objects. Then two more of the objects with the same look, flying perfectly parallel to each other flu to the center of the lake and follow the exact same course until the two glow flame objects perfectly turn together in unison and instead of following the rest of the glow-flame objects to the east, they headed directly straight to the north where I facing during the time I was video taping. The other eight objects all flew to the east and climbed out of sight, but the last two that flew side-by-side did not climb like the others but kept the same altitude of about one thousand feet until they drop from sight in the northern horizon. The whole event lasted about 20-30 minutes with the objects seemingly spaced evenly apart.  The firework smoke was still slowly drifting east about 5 miles and hour after the incendent. These objects maneuvered about and were traveling much faster then the firework smoke. I stood there on the pier looking at one last glowing light that did not move in the west and I was not sure that it was another glow-flame object. I gave it about 5 minutes and wrote it off to being a water tower beacon off in the distance.  I went inside the cottage for a bit and returned in about 20 minutes later to find that the object I waiting on, that I thought was a water tower beacon we not in the west  and in fact, there were no lights at all. So then I assume it was one of the objects I had been witnessing and did not stick around long enough to see where that UFO headed.    There were many people on the lake that night and witnessed these objects. I work with a man who was at the yacht club on the lake that night with approximately 100 guests for a graduation party who all witnessed the fireworks and the same objects.  I called 911 and to my surprise no one had reported what I had seen. There have not been any reports in newspapers or media since then. I have talked to a few people who live at the lake who claim they either saw the objects that night or heard about it. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone for an extended amount of time.  He is a serior executive for a major company, and we deem him to be an excellent witness.  We would welcome other reports from the many other individuals who, we understand, were witness to the same event.  PD));41.7327;-84.9496
