Strange lights that we cant explain as known aviation;2012-05-05 21:30:00;3 - 4 min;Strange lights that we cant explain as known aviation 5/5/2012 My husband and I went for a drive to see the ‘supermoon’ that night.   About 21:30, I pulled into the town boat launch to look at the water.  We immediately noticed 2 bright lights in the sky to the northeast.  It looked like two planes flying side by side but the lights were bright orange.  They seemed to move in tandem at about the speed you might expect a plane to fly.  Because of the strange color, we got out of the car and watch the lights.    Suddenly, a third light appeared  some distance behind the other two, also flying north to south.  The first two crossed about 1/3 of the sky line, then stopped moving in the sky, just seemed to sit there.  There was no sound.  The first two lights dimmed and went  out in a span of about 5 seconds.  Then the light in the back, which never made it as far as the first two, also dimmed and disappeared.  We could see stars throughout this event.;44.841;-69.2721000000001
It's movements, no sign of jet fuel, no sound, intense bright light with no rays... my heart is a pounding.;2015-04-13 19:30:00;Minutes;It's movements, no sign of jet fuel, no sound, intense bright light with no rays... my heart is a pounding. We were riding on a tractor headed to were another pasture is opened up.  When we got passed the treed line I saw a star like light just hovering and pulsating.  I said to W2, That's odd, it's pulsating.  Then in stopped.  I mentioned that it stopped, then it started again.  Then it seriously was like we jumped it. It seemed as if it had picked us up on rader and it was busted. It then went to my right and sort of toward two o'clock.  Then it swooped back toward it's starting point.  As it did, it seemed to spin around and this intense white white white light shines, right into my eyes, and W2's.  But, it doesn't light up around us or the surrounding sky, like a lighthouse would.  As quick as it shined it kept spinning to it's previous pulsating light. It came in circular form in the object.  Like on a belt from it's left rear, around the front of it, so bright, then to the right and behind.  But only once.  It was like, for the moment the light was right on, it was the only focus. W2 said, It was like a photographer, five feet in front of you.  And that's about how long it was there, just a flash.  It then kept going to the left at a stable speed, keeping a line, until it was gone.  So W2 and I finally come back to the house and are talking about it outside when W3 comes down.  We start telling him about it, and this light starts coming back across the sky, left to right. W2 and W3 saw it turn and head toward the two o'clock direction where it was going to go when we first came upon it. I saw it disaper into the trees. It wasn't too far off.  A jet plane flew over around the same time and it seemed further away than this thing. It's movements, no sign of jet fuel, no sound.  Intense bright light with no rays...  My heart is a pounding.  It was too dark for my phone to catch anything.;44.841;-69.2721000000001
