Huge silent Aircraft flew overhead incredibly low and slow.;2000-11-15 22:00:00;3 minutes;Huge silent Aircraft flew overhead incredibly low and slow. I was driving home with my girlfriend when I noticed the lights of what we assumed to be an airplane flying very low of to the north east. The only reason the lights caught our attention was thier percieved hieght. We both quickly dissmissed them as a low flying airplane. (note: these lights seemed far away and appeared to be moving very slowly.) We turned west off of the north bound road we were travling on. Drove west about 100 yards and turned north into the wooded driveway. The driveway is about 75 yards long and curves to the east to face the house which rests on a hill in a clearing. A soon as we turned toward the house, into the clearing we where both shocked that this aircraft was allready about to fly over us. It was now obvious that this was no airplane. It appeared to be incredibly large. It was creaping overhead very very slowly. My girlfriend started to get out of the car to look at it. I was so shaken I tried to keep her in the car but she pulled away and got out leaving the door open. I then quickly got out too. looking up I couldn't make out the outline or even guess at the total size of the craft. It was a cloudy night and the sky was too dark too contrast between the aircraft and the sky. Not a single sound came from the thing. The air was still. It had a round blue light in the middle and three yellow lights in the pattern of a triangle. If this craft did not have lights it would have been invisable. It creeped over head very slowly and eventually went out of sight over the trees. We looked at each other and the I ran up the hill towards the house to watch it float away. Reaching the front porch I turned around to see the craft....it was gone. I cant understand how something that seemed so large could disapear so fast. It seemed huge. It was completely silent and then it just disapeared. Of coarse we went into the house and shared our story with the family inside. The thought we were joking with them but soon realized how disturbed we were by the event we had just witnessed.. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.1369;-86.1418
triangle shaped object, red, green and white lights flashing.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling star??  PD));2017-09-25 23:30:00;30-60 minutes;triangle shaped object, red, green and white lights flashing, 1 triangle shaped object, flashing light red, green and white.  Moved up and down, bouncing like. ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the time above, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  Possible twinkling star??  PD));43.1369;-86.1418
