Triangular Craft Flies Through Boyfirend's Neighborhood.;1996-11-16 21:30:00;45 seconds;Triangular Craft Flies Through Boyfirend's Neighborhood. I was enjoying a steak dinner with my boyfriend and his brother. My boyfriend asked me to go downstairs to get him a beer. As I walked toward the stairs, I heard a loud grinding metallic sound. I thought it sounded too odd to be a blimp. I ran outside to see what was producing the sound and looked up in the night sky and saw a triangular shaped craft with a white light at each corner and a red light in the middle flying over my boyfriend's house. I believe it was black craft. It was about the same distance in the sky as a helicopter. It was heading east. It flew past slowly like a plane, and just kept going. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));39.0439912133892;-77.0272332635983
solid triangle with white lights and no sound hovered and glided;2005-10-30 21:30:00;25 minutes;solid triangle with white lights and no sound hovered and glided I am a senior -level executive at a major media company and I hesitated for several months to contact any organization regarding this siting because I was convinced that what I saw was a military aircraft. I first contacted the Center for UFO Studies in Chicago in 2006. I am reporting it here because I am still perplexed by what I saw. It was a clear Fall evening in Silver Spring, Maryland and I was reading a book in my den.  The window shades were pulled up and the windows were open because it was a relatively warm night.  Above the treeline, I spotted what appeared to be a star or planet that seemed to be unusually bright.  I glanced at the object from time to time between reading the book and listening to my teenage kids who were home at the time.  I grew slightly intrigued by the object because it appeared to be hovering while the other stars seemed fixed in there locations and an occassional plane would fly by in the distance.   I thought it may have been a helicopter but the there were no red lights, blue lights or search beams that I associate with helicopters.  Downtown Silver Spring is an very urban area located 5 minutes from Washington, D.C., so helicopters are not an unusual sight at all. The object disappeared below the tree line and re-appeared about two minutes later. I called my then 17-year old daughter and asked her to look out the window and tell me what she saw.  Her first words were, what in the world is that? She stated that the lights were not like anything ahe had seen.  And, she was right.  The lights were white but had a halo effect that seemed to indicate that they were pulsating. There was a slightly bluish tint to them also. The object appeared to be 500 ft above ground level not even a quarter of a mile from the the house.  For 25 minutes I watched it(my daughter did not want to watch it anymore)hover, glide horizontally, rise vertically, but never leave the area.  Suddenly, it began to glide towards the house (I say glide because it was not flying like a helicopter or a plane.)   I called my father who lives six blocks away and asked him to go outside a look in the sky and tell me if he saw anything unusual. He said he wasn't sure but there were so many stars out that night.  While I was talking to him the object glided above the corner lot located two houses from our house.  It then glided over my neighbors house at tree-level, probably not three hundred feet above ground.  I was amazed at what I saw.  It was a black triangle about 3/4 the size of a football field. It was definitely a solid object.  It made absolutely no sound at all.  I know this because it passed over my roof while I was outside in my front yard.  Again, it was a very clear night.  It then disappeared, I guess that is way I can describe it but I don't know.  Let's just say that I could not see it anymore.  I called my newsroom and local stations. No reports had been received. The next day, I approaced my neighbor and before I could say anything she asked me if I had seen the object.  She stated that she had never seen anything like it and, in fact, she and her friend tried to follow it down our street but it vanished in the sky.  Again, I have no idea what this object was, but it was an experience I will never forget. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.0439912133892;-77.0272332635983
Large triangular craft soundlessly moving slowly at low altitude in large metropolitan area.;2008-08-20 03:30:00;20 seconds;Large triangular craft soundlessly moving slowly at low altitude in large metropolitan area. I live in a garden style condo. community of 173 units just outside of Wash. D.C. I awoke about 3:30am because I had to go to the bathroom but didn't get up immediately. As I lay there, I was on my left side facing a large double window a few feet away. As I lay there a large triangular craft passed over the roof of my unit passing over the roof of the the units directly across the courtyard from where I was and then I lost sight of it. I would estimate the altitude of this craft to be no more than five-hundred feet and it was traveling in a north-easterly direction. It was moving slowly and I estimated the speed to be in the neighborhood of thirty-five miles per hour, give or take. I didn't make any sound that I could detect. I would estimate the size of the craft to be about three-hundred feet on a side maybe a little larger. Although this happened in the middle of the night, the sky does not get really dark here because of all the lighting in the area so I saw the craft fairly well. It appeared to be flat-black against the lighter sky and there were low intensity lights at the points of the triangle. There were no visible windows that I could see but I only had a view of the bottom of the craft. The best way I can describe the movement is that it appeared to just slide effortlessly across the sky rather than fly as would a conventional aircraft. I told one other person who lives in the community about the incident but I could tell I wasn't believed so I kept it to myself. I would have reported the incident to a Government agency but I know how that would go so I didn't bother. I can state that this craft did not depend on air moving over the surface to keep it airborne because it was traveling far too slow for that to be a factor. I can also state that whatever technology this craft possessed was far advanced to anything that I am aware that this country or any other country currently employs. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.0439912133892;-77.0272332635983
Metallic triangle with red lights.;2015-10-23 08:25:00;1 minute;Metallic triangle with red lights This morning, I was driving North on Route 29 towards Columbia. I was past the ICC. I saw a metallic silver object and thought it was too big to be a balloon. I kept looking at it, it didn’t make noise.  It was a triangular shape but if it turned, it looked like a different shape.  There were 3 big red lights on the bottom of it.  I tried to look at it as long as I could but the stoplight turned green and I had to keep driving.  It wasn’t being chased, it was just moving southbound fairly slowly.  Enough for me to have been looking at it during the red stoplight and not lost it from sight.  It was a clear morning so I know it wasn’t anything else.  And I know what a plane shape is like but this didn’t have any wings jutting out or a tail.  It was just a smooth metallic triangle with lights on the bottom. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.0439912133892;-77.0272332635983
Triangle-shaped UFO hovering over I-495 near Holy Cross Hospital.;2016-03-09 06:00:00;5 minutes;Triangle-shaped UFO hovering over I-495 near Holy Cross Hospital. While driving to work on the westbound lanes of I-495 in Silver Spring, I noticed extremely bright lights in the distance.  There were 2 white lights with a red-light in the center then 2 more white lights. At first it looked like lights from a plane, but they weren’t moving at all, so then I thought maybe aircraft warning lights for a crane, but as I drove closer, I noticed that the lights were just hovering motionless over the highway.  I thought it could be a helicopter but I saw not rotors and heard no engines. When I drove underneath it I saw the dark triangle like shape with wings swept back with a tail.  It reminded me of a backward X-29 plane with the cockpit being the tail but with no engines just a rounded triangle with the lights on the wings. It was hovering approximately 200 feet above the I-495 outer loop across from Holy Cross Hospital.  There was a lot of traffic and I couldn’t have been the only one to see that it was not a plane or helicopter.;39.0439912133892;-77.0272332635983
