White, semi-translucent objects seen over Eastern Oregon;2018-07-11 10:45:00;45 minutes;White, semi-translucent objects seen over Eastern Oregon My newspaper was contacted via Facebook that people were seeing a white object hovering over the town for the last hour.  My editors told me about it when I came in to work about an hour later (so other witnesses had been watching the one object for two hours before I headed to their location).   Upon arriving at the scene I began talking to the witnesses and they pointed out the object to me.  I began taking photos of the object with my camera equipped with a 300mm lens (the object was so high up it looks like a white semi-translucent dot) when we noticed another similar object appear.  The two objects appeared to merge before moving apart from each other and eventually the second object either disappeared, or we lost track of it.   A few minutes later we saw another, lower object. I began taking photos of that object as well.  I quickly looked at the images I had taken and my first thought was it was a plastic bag flying through the air.  The object was again a white, semi-translucent object that seemed to be changing its shape.  But as myself and multiple other witnesses watched, we saw this object traverse a distance of around 10 miles in the span of a minute’s time.  While watching I had called another friend of mine who happened to be working in the area that the object took off in.  He was literally right under the object when we were talking.  He found it with binoculars and watch as the object climbed up to about 10,000 feet in the air before vanished before our eyes.  Around this time, the original object vanished, too. (NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the source of the report.  He stated that he had managed to photograph the object, but that he could not share the photo because his employer owned the photo.  Apparently, the newspaper the photographer works for does not want to publish an article about the event.  PD));45.6634;-118.7791
