rectangle falling turning and flipping end over end;1985-09-01 13:30:00;3 minutes;rectangle falling turning and flipping end over end Date approximately around 1984-1986, at Fleetwood Enterprises in Pendleton, Oregon. I am thinking it was some time in the late summer at about 13:30 p.m. in the afternoon, and with no wind blowing to speak of. Approximant length of sitting around 3 minutes  While working on a park model trailer just outside and on the North side of the main building, facing south, I happened to glance up and look out of the vent hole in the ceiling, which was just to my left and slightly in front of me while facing south. (The vent hole is a square hole with an opening of approx 32x32 inches) The nearly full moon caught my eye, and as I glanced at it I saw a small box like object falling towards the ground. The object seemed to be falling at a slower rate than you would expect an object to be falling at. Another worker and I went  outside of the trailer to get a better look at the object, which was up in the air about 1000 feet or so and was East by south East of us. While trying to figure out what it was and how it got there. I noticed that it was falling with a precise pattern. The box was a rectangle, which had on one side a reflecting smooth light brown surface, and on the other side was a real dark brown matt or black color. I believe the other four sides were a light brown color. As it was falling it would turn on its axis. If I remember right it was in a clockwise rotation. That is while looking up towards the bottom of it. It would turn three times and then flip end over end, and continue in the same pattern over and over again. You could see the sun reflecting off of the light brown shiny side as it turned. When it got about 500 feet or so from us it leveled off and went into a glide like state, which brought over and passed where we were standing. By now it was about 200 feet up in the air and 150 feet in front of us. It went another 50 feet or so and then made a fairly sharp left turn and headed south across the road and towards the river and high power lines. It passed almost directly over the top of a small C model trailer which was parked next to the road. The trailer was approximately 18 or 20 feet long by 8 feet wide. And the object was pretty close to being the same width and length as the trailer, and looked to be about 3 or 4 feet thick, as I remember. The object passed just above the wires which went over the river. When the object got approximately over the center of the river, it made an abrupt sharp left turn and started up the river. It went for about a hundred feet or so and then stopped. Not wavering up or down or left or right. Then it started to go into a rippling effect, which reminded me of looking at  a stingray from its side. It stayed there for about 10 seconds or so doing it’s rippling and then went solid again (or ridged) and then it stood on end and slowly rose up into the air and turned on its axis again. But this time it did not flip over as it did before when it was coming down. It slowly rose up into the air and slightly drifted south. As it rose up while turning you could see the light reflecting off of the shiny side till it went out of site. It looked like it was heading in the same direction from whence it came. Later while talking about the object with some material handlers, who were on the other side of the building at that time and which did not see the object, were discussing about a weird noise that they heard at the same time as our sighting, which sounded to them like a siren trying to start up over and over again. (I did not hear any sound, because of the dust collector, which was on my side of the building was running and making to much noise to hear anything.) My memory is not to good, but I sat and thought about this for some time, and put down things as I remember them. I have only talked to a few people about it. And have never reported it, For fear of ridicule. (and also didn’t know who to report it to) If some one else has seen something similar I would like to know. Its been haunting me for some time now. Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));45.6634;-118.7791
