White light in the early evening;2012-08-15 20:00:00;7 minutes;white light in the early evening My sister-in-law and myself were taking a walk in the early evening when we saw what may have been a plane flying at a very high altitude.  The unusual thing about it was the contrail was very short and did not stay in the sky, but followed the object.  The object was too small to be visible to us, but was moving from east to west at a rapid speed and eventually disappeared.  To our eyes the contrail was only a few inches long, but was very white.  I have seen many planes with contrails pass over my home, but have never seen one like this.  There was no sound.  It also seemed that the object kept going straight up when it disappeared.;45.6634;-118.7791
Very odd sounds comming from the upper nite sky ! very wierd;2013-02-01 14:00:00;1 hour;Very odd sounds comming from the upper nite sky !  very wierd i was taking my dog out to the bathroom at 2 am and while out side i could see the stars  i live in the country but there was some really weird sounds coming from the sky!  Clashing metalic sounds - kinda like a bashing clanging metal and weird hummbing sound.  I tried to see what it WAS but couldn't see anything odd!  Nothing odd but that sound clashing banging metal  kinds like a sword fight!!!    I've heard this sound before too in Nov  and a little in December then in Feb 2xs.  I don't know who to tell and if it was air ships could they be cloaked??   Thank you!   Also can you help me i heard you on C2C and back in 1988 there was a weird creature calling my name - this sounds very weird but it kinda looked like et  it was about maybe 5 feet tall very thin had long arms and legs was naked but didn't have male or female parts i don't think, it smelled like sulfer and it was calling my name to look at it.   I was on the phone with a christian counselor and he told me it was a demon so he prayed and i just learned about God and prayed too.  after a while it left !   it was standing at the door way of me down stairs bathroom at the town house i lived at in La marata caif.  I never knew who to talk to and when i brought the topic up while going to college for my MSW they told me never to talk about it   Never!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));45.6634;-118.7791
