Myself and two others were up in the mountains driving around after work, shoting guns and being young guys.age myself at the time 20;1998-01-18 19:30:00;10 min;Myself and two others were up in the mountains driving around after work, shoting guns and being young guys.age myself at the time 20 the two others were 20 and 22. I'am now 26. We stopped to urinate, I got out and walked to the back of the truck, the others stayed in. While doing my thing I was looking out at the tree line and I saw a Large round bright white ball just above tree level comeing up out of the canyon. When I seen It I said hey guys look at this very excitedly. They thought I seen a deer. When they got out and saw what I seen We were Silent for probly 45 seconds and then we all got in the truck yelling and freaking out. the driver tore off through the medow we were stopped in and about half way through stopped and we looked again and could see the light from it reflecting off the sonw on the ground. When we saw that we knew it was real. I'll spare you the language and talk we had in those few minuets but we were scared.After seeing the light reflecting off the snow we tore off for the road, probly 300 yards. When we got to the road we stopped againg, we just could'nt belive it. We all turned around in the truck to look and it had stopped. It was moving west to east. we set their for probly two minutes, I could'nt handle it I was !@#$% scared. All the sudden it started moving toward us, the driver took off as fast as that truck would go, we went around a corner 600 to 900 yards down the road and did not see it agin. We went straight to town and told our freinds and of course no one believed us. I dont know if this sounds true to you or not but I was listening to the A.M. radio and heard you so I thought I would tell you my story. I have a few more stories taht occured in the same area that I wittnessed and many more that I have heard of. Sorry if it dosent sound belivable.  I havent been looking for a few years sence I got married and had kids but it still haunts me.  Looking for them again  ((name deleted))   P.S Me and my wife when we were dating use to sit on top of fox hill quite often and on any given night at the same time we would see three lights in a triangle pattern flying across the grand rhond valley from E to W and when they would get over the mountains they would break up and go seperate directions, same way each time W S N. I took several people up tere totaly random becouse they did not belive me and every time ant the same time at night we would see them between 2100 and 2130 until i just stopped going up there and looking, probly three monthes.  Thank you for your time. If you want to talk mor my E-Mail is ((e-address deleted));45.3332;-118.0854
