Fast moving orange light in night sky.;2014-05-27 03:05:00;1-2 minutes;Fast moving orange light in night sky. i witnessed an orange dot of light in the northern sky traveling from west to east.  It was brighter then the surrounding stars and moved faster then a jet plane.   I watched it through a good set of field glasses and did not see any flashing or marking lights like on a plane.   It traveled in a straight line to the horizon and vanished into the haze over the mountains east of the city of La Grande.;45.3332;-118.0854
Intense white light moving down the Grande Ronde River canyon near La Grande, Oregon.;2015-06-23 00:22:00;1-2 minute;Intense white light moving down the Grande Ronde River canyon near La Grande, Oregon. As I was traveling eastbound on I-84, just west of La Grande, Oregon, I observed an intense white light traveling slowly down the Grande Ronde River canyon in a NNW direction toward Pendleton, Oregon.  It was approximately 1000-1500ft AGL.  I was able to determine that it was airborne, and not on the ridgeline above the canyon.   As it came towards me, I was watching it intently and I thought it was actually a series of 4 closely spaced intense white lights, as if it were mounted on a light bar, but as it approached, the beam became so intense, while directed toward the ground, that I reflexively looked away to shield my eyes from the light.  As i looked back up, it passed above the roofline of the cab and I lost sight of it.   If this was an aircraft, it was operating in violation of FAA regulations, as it had no navigation lights visible.  I would estimate the speed to be comparable to a helicopter, which it may well have been.  The Army reserve has a helicopter unit in Pendleton, I believe, but they are required to fly with nav. lights on at night.  It's possible it was a utility company helicopter working on a powerline or something, but why no navigation lights? ((NUFORC Note:  All aircraft are required, under the Federal Aviation Regulations, to have red and green navigation lights, and they may have other red or white lights, either solid or intermittent.  PD));45.3332;-118.0854
