Oval-shaped and covered in lights but is quartered into four sections.  As brillantly lit as any star.;2005-02-28 08:00:00;7 minutes;Oval-shaped and covered in lights but is quartered into four sections.  As brillantly lit as any star. I am a college student and I am the only person I know that has seen the UFO as far as I know, but there was a white semi-truck in front of me about three miles up Interstate 84.  I've had this sighting awhile ago but I wrote it down the day I saw it, I am only now reporting it because I finally found a place to do so.  I exited Lad Canyon to get to La Grande for my first class at nine o'clock in the morning.  I saw what I first took to be the galaxy's largest star hovering over the city.  It was four times the size of venus at night, and it was bright and beautiful and didn't move.  However, I noticed a few strange things.  The sky was completely overcast and my star was in front of where the mountain outcrop would be behind the city, so it was no star and no one was driving behind me or on the opposite side of the interstate, so the light could not be a reflection of headlights in my windshield.  However, the oval light stayed hovering over La Grande long enough that I was able to drive several miles closer to it and I was able to distingish faint lines dividing the oval light into quarters, and somehow I got the impression that inside the quarters were several tightly pacted lights within, like stadium lights, but I could not see past the light to count them individually.  When I started to pass under an eletrical weather hazzard sign that warns people of dense fog or winds in the pass behind La Grande, the light started to move.  It made a wide turn and became super thin, like it had turned on its side, and I watched it disappear in a straight line to the east.  I have watched jets cross the sky many times, but this object left no smoke trail and the light disappeared in about five seconds while it seems to take jets forever to cross the sky.  I have no idea what it could have been but I would love to see one again.  It had been so beautiful and I felt peaceful for having looked upon it.  The closest thing I can compare it to is a diamond filled with starlight.  I really could have used a camera right then so I could have looked on it always.;45.3332;-118.0854
