Our family saw a slow moving bright red sphere above the neighborhood disappearing into the sky.;2009-08-04 21:15:00;1 minute;Our family saw a slow moving bright red sphere above the neighborhood disappearing into the sky. UFO Sighting La Grande, OR approximately  9:15 p.m. Husband: At approximately 9:15p.m. I was taking out the garbage.  To the East above my neighbors roofline I was a BRIGHT ORANGE/RED pulsating sphere.  At first glance, I thought it was fireworks.  However, it moved way too slow and just hovered.  Next, I thought airplane, although there was zero sound plus it was way too bright. The sphere slowly tracked a course to the Northwest, and slowly gained elevation.  I asked my wife to hurry outside.  When she arrived the sphere had continued to gain elevation, and dwindle in size and intensity. The sphere started out very bright and roughly the size of a full moon.  The sphere tracked a deliberate course to the Northwest all the while gaining elevation.  I watched this sphere for roughly one minute.  It started out at roughly 15 degrees in the horizon very intense, and slowly dissipated at 60 plus degrees in the horizon. Wife: I was packing for vacation in the bedroom by the window when I heard my husband quietly say, “Babe, come here and take a look at this.”  When I went outside my husband was standing at the end of our yard looking in an Eastward direction.  I immediately saw what he was looking at…A BRIGHT ORANGE circular light that was smoothly moving thru the evening sky.  He said, “What do you think that is?”  I replied immediately with, “ A UFO.”  He said, “it isn’t making any sound at all.”  I then yelled for my eleven year old daughter to come out into the yard to take a look.  We all stood there in amazement and watched as the object faded away. The entire sighting was 1 minute in length.  We were facing in the East direction.  The object traveled in a Northwest direction.  At my initial look the object was approximately 30-40 degrees from the horizon, close to the size of the full moon.  The color was BRIGHT ORANGE, and never changed in vividness.  At my last view of the object it was approximately 60 degrees still heading in the exact same Northwest direction.  The object seemed to become invisible due to distance.  It became smaller than a star upon no longer being able to view it. The experience made the hair all over me stand on end, and my body was covered in goose bumps that lasted for a good 20-30 minutes after coming into our home and locking the door.  I was unsure if we should call the police, our local National Guard, and then online found the National UFO Reporting website.  We don’t want people to think we are crazy, but the experience sure was unlike anything I have ever experienced in my 34 years of life!  Daughter: My experience of seeing an UFO was not like anything I have ever seen in my eleven years of life.  The time was about 9:15p.m.  When I walked outside the color of it was bright orange with a little bit of red.  By the time I had got outside, it was fairly small but very visible.  It looked like it was smaller than the moon, but bigger than a star.  While I stood in amazement the object was at about a 50 degree angle from the horizon.  The UFO moved smoothly thru the sky for the approximate 30 seconds that I was out there. I don’t know if I will sleep so good tonight, it was kind of scary.;45.3332;-118.0854
