Two golden cylindrical distant objects far above the wind turbines;2018-08-06 20:30:00;~5 minutes;Two golden cylindrical distant objects far above the wind turbines On the night of August 6, 2018, around 830 pm , I was driving on a remote highway of northwest Iowa.  I just happened to glance up into the twilight sky (sun had just set) and was stunned to see a golden cylindrical object slowly flying far up in the sky right between two wind turbines.  At first, I dismissed it thinking it was an airplane, but it was distinctly different.  A golden glow and moving very slowly.  I looked around the sky wondering if it’s a reflection of the setting sun, but it had completely set and there were no other clouds or anything at that level but clear sky.  There were low dark clouds, but nothing at that level  Imagine my shock to see a second similar object hovering in the sky to the far left of the sky right.  It was very far away but distinctly the same size as the first one. It’s interesting that a few minutes prior to my sighting,  My internet and gps conked on my iPhone and reappeared almost immediately as I passed the two objects  Please let me know if anyone else saw what I did.  Thank you;43.0798;-95.6518
Two cylindrical golden objects moving slowly far above wind turbines IOWA.;2018-08-06 20:30:00;~7 minutes;Two cylindrical golden objects moving slowly far above wind turbines IOWA On the night of August 6, 2018, around 830 pm, I was driving on a remote highway of northwest Iowa .  I just happened to glance up into the twilight sky ( sun had just set) and was stunned to see a golden cylindrical object slowly flying far up in the sky right between two wind turbines  At first I dismissed it thinking it was an airplane, but it was distinctly different. A golden glow and moving very slowly.  I looked around the sky wondering if it’s a reflection of the setting sun, but it had completely set and there were no other clouds or anything at that level but clear sky.  There were low dark clouds but nothing at that level  Imagine my shock to see a second similar object hovering in the sky to the far left of the sky right.  It was very far away but distinctly the same size as the first one. It’s interesting that a few minutes prior to my sighting, my internet and gps conked on my iPhone and reappeared almost immediately as I passed the two objects.   Please let me know if anyone else saw what I did.  Thank you;43.0798;-95.6518
