Several yellow/red objects hovering in the sky, then they disappear.;2007-01-01 00:01:00;5 minutes;Several yellow/red objects hovering in the sky, then they disappear. My husband and I just saw the strangest thing in the New Year sky.  We went outside of our Windsor, California home to ‘ring in the new year’ and saw dots in the sky.  They looked like they could have been stars, but there were too many of them and the Milky Way does not look like that.  Each of them were yellowish color and they were all identical.  There were approximately 30-50 of them.   I told my husband to go in and get the video camera, but it could not record the dots.  They just seemed to be hovering but then they would move into various formations.  Given there was some fireworks in the western skys, we thought about that, but there was nothing in the vicinity of the dots.  Then we thought of the possibility of planes, but there were too many for that to  be the case.  We are astonished.  What are they???   They slowly started to move from south east in various directions again, so we went from our back yard to the front yard and they were almost all gone accept for a few that were going into formation, four of them in a straight line.  Then, nothing. It was like they just disappeared.  No way to explain it.  So strange!  Any thought as to what it was, or any other sightings??;38.5463;-122.8047
Bright object traveling low from south to north. No sound.  ((anonymous report));2020-05-21 04:00:00;3 seconds;Bright object traveling low from south to north. No sound. Dark, cloudless, morning sky lit up like lighting flashes for a few seconds. Reviewed wildfire cameras and could see Bright object had traveled from south to north at low elevation.  No audible sound of aircraft was heard. Video footage from the cameras became non retrievable, as in the videos would not show anything after 03:30, or would fail to load specific cameras that recorded objects flight path.  Reviewing of any available videos after 12 hours later shows no light/craft traveling at all. Cameras are made available to view by Nevada Seismological Laboratory...;38.5463;-122.8047
