Glowing Orb - looked like reddish-orange fire burning on the inside of a transparent round ball.;2004-04-21 03:15:00;1 to 1.5 minutes;Glowing Orb - looked like reddish-orange fire burning on the inside of a transparent round ball. My wife and I were driving north on US-101, to visit some family in Sonoma County.  We started out earlier in the day in the Orange County area and we saw many airplanes and stars throughout the drive up.  When we got into the bay area, it was socked in and raining.  The clouds didn't let up and I would estimate that the ceiling was down to about 500 feet when we got to Windsor, CA.  We were looking for a motel to stop for the night when I noticed a dull reddish orange light off to the northwest.  (I would estimate the size of the light to be the size of my fingernail held at arms length.)  I asked my wife, what the heck is that?  She said, it's an airplane.  Then I said, that doesn't look like an airplane because it has no anti-collision 'strobe' type lights on it.  I also said, who would be crazy enough to be up flying in rural northern california, at 3 in the morning, when the visibility was down to about 5-10 miles and the ceiling was about 500 feet?  That is a true statement because this area is dark as a hammer and it would be almost impossible to fly using dead reckoning at night, especially in extreme IFR conditions.  After coming to an almost complete stop on the highway, I decided to exit at the next offramp.  I did and when I stopped to look at the light, I noticed another car on the freeway that had slowed way down, to about 15 mph.  I wonder if they were seeing the same thing we were seeing.  That car kept on going and we were sitting there on the offramp at a dead stop so I rolled down the window to see if I could hear any aircraft noise.  We didn't hear anything.  At this point my wife said, you're right... that isn't an airplane.  What is that?  At this point the object was moving really slowly, but in an erratic motion where it was travelling sideways, but also in an upwards motion, then it would instantly change to a downward motion.  Definitely not how I have ever seen any airplane fly.  After about 10-15 seconds of this erratic flying, it moved in a straight! sideway s motion, at a high rate of speed, covering the distance of what I would estimate was about 300 yards and disappeared into the rain clouds.  At that point, the hair on the back of my neck was standing straight up.  My wife and I spent the next 10 minutes or so driving down the side road that parallels the freeway with our heads hanging out the window looking for the object.  We never saw it again.  Just thinking about this incident as I am sitting here typing this in is giving me goosebumps.  Whatever it was, it was really weird.  Never seen anything else like it.  Let me try to explain what this thing looked like.  The best way I could describe this light is this:  You know when you see a jet on approach to an airport, but it is a long ways off, like 10-15 miles you can see the landing lights on, and it looks like a reddish orange glow because of the smog and impurities in the air?  That is exactly what this thing looked like.  And that is what I thought it was right at first, but then it dawned on me... it couldn't be because of the low clouds and limited visibility.  That was when I realized that it had to be only a mile or so away from me and I realized I was looking at something else.  And it wasn't until I stopped the car that I could tell it wasn't flying straight and level and it was actually flying erratic.  The fact that there were no strobe type anti-collision lights on it really made me think this was something other than an aircraft.  If anyone else reported anything similar to this, I would like to know.  If you need further clarification, feel free to contact me.  Thanks;38.5463;-122.8047
Series of 17 unidentifiable lights cross the skies of Northern California.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness is aviation specialist.  PD));2007-01-01 00:01:00;10 min;Series of 17 unidentifiable lights cross the skies of Northern California At midnight, Jan 1st of 2007, we stepped out on the deck for New Years and observed a bright Satellite moving Southeast from the Northwest. Magnitude was as great as Mars at it's closest.  Then 2 more appeared behind the roof into view, so we stepped out to see if there were more moving across the sky. 17 lights in total, all within 70 degrees of each other moving South-East from the North-West.  All were the same brightness and color. A bright Orange to reddish. As the first 3-4 moved through the 12 o'clock(meridian) they started to change course. A few slowed then turned about 90 degrees and out of the path, then a few faded and made a left 270. 2 actually stopped, as noted against a clear sky of stars and a bright moon. All in all, about 7 or 8 danced overhead, the rest continued on course. At this point I recalled we had just bought a new video camera so I ran in, grabbed it and shot the last few minutes of the satellites continuing across the sky.  At this point, pretty much all those that had not faded were continuing SE bound. Since moving into the country from the city 5 years ago, watching satellites and meteors has become one of my families evening pastimes.  We are quite adept at this pastime now and can identify the difference between Satellites, Space Station, Etc. and Aircraft.  And I have spent the better part of my 36 years, watching aircraft,  As well, I am employed as an ((deleted--aviation specialist.)).  So something like this event really stood out. There were no contrails visible as they would have been with the moon as a backlight. There were no stobe lights or red and green wings lights as associated with A/C.  There was no sound associable with these satellites. The time for the Non Dancing lights to traverse the sky was about 9 minutes, the same as a satellite or the Space Shuttle.   A quiet check of the net did show that the prevailing winds aloft were moving in the same direction. Lighted Weather Balloons?  ROV's?   I truly hope someone else who might have noticed these lights will also report something.;38.5463;-122.8047
Two white lights flying in formation, got bright, then dissapeared.;2008-10-25 20:15:00;60 sec;Two white lights flying in formation, got bright, then dissapeared. My sighting occurred this evening less than an hour ago at 8:15pm. I was standing on my front porch talking to my husband on the phone. As I was talking to him I casually looked up at the stars since it is perfectly clear and calm tonight. I was looking at what looked like a group of stars almost directly above me when I noticed two stars at the bottom moving. Now I know the eyes play tricks so I looked away and looked back lining them up with the top of a tree to make sure they were moving. Sure enough two balls of light were moving perfectly with each other. They slowly traveled to the East, too slow for shooting stars and to fast to be an airplane that far up. After about 45 seconds the one on the right got extremely bright, about 5 xs brighter and almost looked like it had a haze or fog around it. The one on the left started to get brighter a few seconds later but never got as bright as the right one. As I was telling my husband about it and getting a little uneasy, they went back to their original brightness. They kept traveling to the East for a few more seconds then stopped. They stayed in the same spot for a few more seconds, and slowly disappeared. I’m assuming they were traveling away at this time because they faded away so gradually. I’m no astronomer or anything fancy, just a 27 year old wife, mother, and manager at a large company. I have seen satellites and shooting stars and airplanes that look like a UFO but end up not being one. I’ve seen odd things in the past I know what’s explainable and what is not. This defiantly was not explainable or usual by any means.;38.5463;-122.8047
Bright light traveled away and faded into a redshift until I could no longer see it.;2013-09-16 20:03:00;17 seconds;Bright light traveled away and faded into a redshift until I could no longer see it. It was just about 20:00h.  I remembered I had to bring in the US Flag and turn on the porch lights.  I stepped outside, and I just took the flag down and started to roll it up on the pole, when I looked up to see which constellations were out. That’s when I saw a very bright white (soft white like a light bulb, but very bright) light just SW of the Big Dippers tail at about 35 to 45 degrees elevation from my position (38° 32' 58.7 N, 123° 10' 6.63 W).  I noticed it at about 20:03h.  The Burst of light was traveling away from me in the direction of two of the outermost stars of the Big Dippers Tail. In about 3 to 4 seconds the light started to dim and shrink in size as the got farther away.  Then the color of the light shifted reddish as it faded.  If I remember my physics correctly, that may be because it was traveling away from me.  Eventually it just faded to where I could no longer see it with my naked eyes. I hope this report helps.;38.5463;-122.8047
Early AM pulsating and erratically shifting light/object.;2014-10-08 03:25:00;30 minutes;Early AM pulsating and erratically shifting light/object. Pulsating light low on horizon in E/SE ~0330 PST. This was during peak viewing for the blood mood. Probably 30 degrees above the horizon. I had thought it might be sirius, but the object exhibited clear, very pronounced movement in all directions - moreso on the Y axis.  I even tried a few exercises of placing a firmly planted piece of wood to block the image out and eliminate the possibility of the movement being an illusion/autokinesis - only to have it emerge on one side or the other several times. Observed also through binoculars and green-red-blue pulsation and movement was more defined. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.5463;-122.8047
((HOAX??))  Sounds like phenomenon over my house with rainbows extreme bright lights.;2015-06-19 19:00:00;20 minutes;Sounds like phenomenon over my house with rainbows extreme bright lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax.  All the information provided by the witness is non-functional.  PD));38.5463;-122.8047
