January 14, 2013, at 7:00 a.m. UFO sphere with fire in Rancho Cucamonga, CA near Alta Loma High School.;2013-01-14 07:00:00;5 minutes;January 14, 2013 at 7:00 a.m. UFO sphere with fire in Rancho Cucamonga, CA near Alta Loma High School A UFO sighting in Rancho Cucamonga, CA   It had been approximately 7:00 a.m. on January 14, 2013 when I was at an intersection on Baseline Road going toward Alta Loma High School, and Vineyard Ave. was the cross street.  It was an extremely cold day. As I was looking forward in my car with my children, we see a very huge and large object that was very bright, white looking object that was very high up in the air and was about a ½ block away from the school parking lot near the park area intersection.  It looked like a meteor moving across the sky, in a slight curve motion going over the high school.  It dragged a thick, wide, large flames cascading off the round sphere, still bright, with a moving motion tail of flames.  It was clearly visible to all, and very large and very swift.  There had been no explosion as a meteor would or any type of fire to any part of the earth and it was assumed it did not hit the ground. Still idle on baseline road, before you know it, you sense something approaching for about a ½ second or less then appears very large and bright like a flamed sun, white in color, but did not blind you.  I thought there was a possibly we would die if this UFO would come closer to us or land near the intersection causing possibly a nuclear reaction, since I have never experienced anything like this in our lives so extremely close. As we stared, it seemed we saw enough to know this was bizarre and unbelievable.  As it came toward the center of the intersection, it was huge and you could not see behind this entity or the cars on the other side.  Most people were clueless because this thing is swift.  You have to have seen it when it appears at that time till it departs or else you only see a small flash instead.  Well that UFO went toward the left direction so swift, and toward the street Vineyard up and up swiftly over the houses and it was gone, and did not even hit a car or a home or the street as I expected some type of landing or explosion or impact of some sort.  This UFO is hard to explain the movements as it seemed like to appear like magic and disappear swiftly. As I began to proceed toward the high school very slowly staring at the sky for another appearance because I was afraid it would hit the school or start part of the school on fire. I thought by now calls would be sent to 911 or NASA by now possibly earlier sightings. As I drive and enter inside the front of the school, near their steps, we all see the sighting toward the lot high above the teacher’s parking lot near the store market Stater Brothers, which is opposite of which I came.  Several students on the steps saw the great ball of light, such a beautiful sighting. I alert the school, they think it has to do with the winds and the power lines falling which was reported by school security guards they are getting several calls at the main office & other phones.  I still am worried that this UFO will eventually decide to land if it wants to, and when it does, I know something will catch on fire and I was worried it might be the school. I came to the conclusion since we saw the sphere come down baseline, it was on the left side of the road and there were the power lines that the school was talking about.  It must have hit the power lines and caused something.  The school had the fire truck and officers eventually block that area.  The description one security guard gave was that there was a Flash on the power lines and was reported. It became very windy, extreme cold weather and a bright sun near the school. I am driving along Euclid Ave going toward Upland city and I had my window of my car rolled up and I could feel the heat of the sun.  When I began looking at the sun, I noticed it was so extremely bright, that caused my eyes to see dark circles as I randomly stared at it.  There was unusual large stream of rays coming off the sides of the sun in all it’s circumference which was also shinning white, and extremely bright.;34.1123690997566;-117.584320519061
gray metalic sphere hovering stationary in sky for a min or so. Off Daycreek Blvd/Highland Ave, adjacent to 10 freeway;2019-10-15 10:20:00;1min or so;gray metalic sphere hovering stationary in sky for a min or so. Off Daycreek Blvd/Highland Ave, adjacent to 10 freeway Dark silvery gray spherical ball hovering in the sky in Rancho Cucamonga near Daycreek Blvd and Highland Ave adjacent to 10 Freeway. 10/15/2019 at approx. 10:20 am, lasted a minute or so than gone!  I thought it was a strange shaped drone at first.;34.1123690997566;-117.584320519061
