Cigar-shaped UFO witnessed by a group being chased down by Military Jets at a high speeds.  ((anonymous report));2002-07-10 01:00:00;12 seconds;Ciga- shaped UFO witnessed by a group being chased down by military Jets at a high speeds This was between the late night hours of 1-2am on a summer night after my cousin had just graduated from high school.  All my friends and I were having a party at one of our friends house being that they were all classmates and finally achieved a diploma.  As the partying continues through the night-my cousin, my best friend, and I, decided to go outside in the front yard to have ourselves a cigarette smoke.  We all 3, make our way outside and close the front door behind us and are now standing in the doorway/entrance area outside which is approximately 5ft.x5ft without an overhang so our vision directly above us and in the sky is clear and unobstructed.  Being that it was very late in the midnight hours the sky was pitch black and very quiet in the residential area that we were in.  Maybe 3-4 minutes go by as our other friends were still inside and we are smoking outside- My friend (who is standing 12o'clock to me) turns to my cousin and I and says Hey, guys, ! you see that?  My cousin and i were having a conversation about something at the time without my friend so, we ask him where are you looking?  He then steps between my cousin and I and points directly in a 12o'clock position from us in the sky what seemed to be only 10-15,000 feet high in the sky and says look, it's right there just like those grey cigar cloud shaped ones, I've been looking at it for like 2 minutes now and I know that it was something there because it's been slowly moving and shifting positions, but it ain't making no noise he says. That's when after him pointing out where exactly for us to look in the sky- We were able to see exactly what he was talking about, and it was shaped exactly like a grey cigar cloud shaped object hovering with absolutely zero sound and zero lights!  My cousin, My friend and I watched this object as it defyingly floated in the sky like a very slow wobbling feather making very short, but calculated, and angled turns.  As we stare up in the sky in complete shock and well IN BELIEF-about 12 seconds pass by and we see the object now completely alter its position and begin to speed up and start to fly away.  While we are watching it beginning to fly off parallel but just at a very fast speed- We then hear extremely loud roaring sounds but do not know what it is since it is very late at night and quiet.  As we are asking ourselves what is that sound and where's it coming from, that's when we notice 2 military fighter jets chasing after the object in the sky at a very high rate of speed.  At that point it solidified everything that we thought we seen and what we were thinking it could have been.  Never have my cousin, friend or myself witnessed a military fighter jet chase after an object like that unless seen on youtube videos or hollywood movies,  But to be able to see and experience myself with witnesses was truly Out Of This World!  My cousin at that time was a new high school graduate,  My friend was my age of 21 and was employed at The Home Depot! Full time, and I myself had been employed full time with an electronic store after just graduating with an A/A. This is just my first story of encountering and witnessing something in the sky.  My second story is when I have actually been followed in the same city by 2 of these crafts. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0082;-122.2682
