Witnessed Diamond Object with Light formations hover then move as it faded or dissappeared;2006-12-13 19:35:00;10 seconds;Witnessed Diamond Object with Light formations hover then move as it faded or dissappeared I drive Tractor-Trlr OTR. On Wed. Dec 13 2006 at exactly 19:35 Eastern, I was driving South on I-65 at mile-marker 71 near Columbus, IN. to the West/South-West at approximate 30 degree angle from ground and at what I estimate to be 5 to 7 miles out, I witnessed an object in the night sky. The sky was dark with a slight backlit auburn haze and distant low cloud blanket and even further out clear sky. The Object was diamond shaped with 8 light formations on what I beleive to be the belly of Craft.The Craft was a vague silloette to my eyes. The Ligh Formations on the Craft were a yellowish-white color and 8 in numbr. each of the eight light formations were composed of two rectangular segments of equal size forming a 45 degree angle pointing towards apparent front of craft. (examp. >). The 8 formations of lights were arranged in perfect geometry to the shape of the Craft. example:      ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ The individual light formations seemed to intensify while object was stationary and as light intensified, The Object began to move upwards at a 45 degree angle to the Left of It's position. The Object suddenly faded from sight as it accelerated.The Object appeared to be the size of, or larger than a Lockheed C-5A transport plane.In my estimation, the lights did not appear to be flaming or fuel burning outlets or exhaust ports however, My gut feeling was that they had some sort of propulsion function. The Object never reappeared to my view.  Now, the other part of this event was at the moment I assumed the object had disappeared:I witnessed directly South and Approx. 30 to 35 thousand feet up at a distance from Me of est. 5-8 miles out, Two Fighter Planes rapidly pursuing a path towards the tradjectory of the craft's distant path. My reasoning that the 2 aircraft in pursuit were Fighter Jets was 1.) their speed and altitude 2.) the marker beacons on each aircraft.(one strobing white and blue marker light on each jet.) Looking at a Road Atlas later on, I noted an Airport exactly West of my position at 20 miles.(Bloomington, IN). I also know of Louisville,KY's airport/A.N.G. base to South.  I have lived near Air Force Bases and am certain that no aircraft built in U.S. have been made public knowledge, of this nature.I can accept that this craft could be Man-made or of Extraterrestrial nature. I also theorize that It could be visable by some while not visable to other Humans. P.S. I had an identicle sighting to the detail in the Mojave Dessert approx. 2 years ago.(Did not report It,then.);39.2127039603961;-85.9196960396038
