Metallic cigar shaped object observed on a clear day.;2001-02-10 16:40:00;40 seconds;Metallic cigar shaped object observed on a clear day. I was driving home from my mother-in-laws on Saturday afternoon because we had a large wind storm and the gusts on the ridge tops were reported to be less in the afternoon, they had been 60mph and I didn't think it safe to drive home earlier in the day. I was driving North on Route 15 between Selinsgrove and Wiliamsport and I saw a cigar shaped metallic craft in the sky.  I watched it for a few seconds, maybe 10 and then it went behind a hill to my left, when I passed the hill it was gone.  It had been a little to the left of center in my windshield, but directly in the middle vertically.  I looked for it after the hill but it was gone.  It was pretty low, not high in the atmosphere, or else the craft was extremely large. I drove on about 5 miles further up Route 15 and saw it again only this time observed it until it dissapeared in the sky.  It was cigar shaped again, vertically, and as I watched it it changed into a more normal looking UFO and suddenly dissapeared.  This time it was about 30 seconds I watched it because it was directly in my line of vision.  It was metallic just as the previous one I'd seen.  It was a clear day with a couple of wispy small clouds in the sky that were burning away pretty quickly as you watched.  I noticed the time and where I was but I don't know the name of the town I was passing through.  It was about 7-8 miles south of Williamsport when I saw the second one, or the same one but the second time I noticed it.  This craft had no contrails at all, nothing coming out of it and when I saw it the first time it was moving, but the second time while it was cigar shaped it was not moving at all until it changed shape.  Then it moved slowly and just dissapeared.  It was bright day out and the reason I noticed it was because the sun shined on it caught my attention.  It was clearly metallic in colour.;40.8191;-76.8690999999999
