In the late 70's my wife and I observed various unexplainable light formations along about a 100 mile stretch of I-75 south in Michigan;1975-07-16 20:00:00;2 hours;Synopsis: In the late 70's my wife and I observed various unexplainable light formations along about a 100 mile stretch of I-75 south in Michigan.! I believe no one can believe in UFOs unless and/or until they have a personal experience with them!  On a warm summer night along I-75 south, between East Tawas and Flint Michigan we had a close encounter. I happened to glance to my right looking past my wife through the passengers side window at a brilliant white light on the western horizon. I brought it to her attention but thinking it was a planet we continued on. Suddenly it reappeared looming just outside her window. Frightened she slide down in the seat, while I pulled the car onto the shoulder slowing to a stop. She put her head down under the dash and I looked up through the windshield as it slowly started moving overhead. I would say no more than a thousand feet above us circular turquoise lights on both ends with a rectangular pattern of strobe like lights, flashing from side to side as this formation continued passing parallel and over us. We jumped out of the car and tried to bring the phenomenon to the attention of passers by to no avail. Then it disappeared but then reappeared on the eastern horizon as three bright red, blue and green lights. These lights began dancing in an irregular pattern all over the sky then vanished. We got back into the car and continuing on, further down the freeway passing diagonally overhead was a formation of four oval shaped pearliest white lights in a cross shape moving in unison, very high in the sky. We never saw the physical shape of an aircraft only the outline shapes of the light formations!  The first formation that passed overhead was oblong in shape. round on both ends, flying like a soaring bird's wings, maybe 500 feet long. The three were separated like stars moving independently. The oval shapes were not connected but close together and moving in unison in a cross pattern, maybe 2,000 feet long. End;44.2991;-83.4729
