On my left hand side, out of my driver window there was an extemly large circular shaped object sitting around 100 feet up in the sky.;2004-11-01 05:30:00;3 min;I was driving down 3L highway early in the morning on my way too work.  The speedlimit there is about 45 miles per hour.  During the morining hours people usually go around 55 miles per hour.  I was coming through what I will call the cut in the hill on 3L highway borderline Taylor Mill and Ft Wright as I was getting ready to cross a bridge.  The bridge does not look like a bridge but just part of the roadway.  I was headed northbound.  On my left hand side, out of my driver window there was an extemly large circular shaped object sitting around 100 feet up in the sky.  It was dark in color and fit closely with the darkened sky. There are really no street lights through the area or at least there was not at the time.  As I noticed the object I slowed my speed.  So did the three or four other cars behind me and in front of me. There is a passing lane.  No one passed.  Others had to see it as well as myself.  I recall looking up and seeing very dimly lit light! s.  There were three of them and they were in the formation of electric stove burners.  The color was very dim orange.  From what I gathered the object was huge similiar to Independence Day UFO's in regards to its' size.  The bottom of it must have been what was visible to me. It was not even hovering.  If an object were to hover you would see some slight movement.  This thing actually sat in the sky as if it belonged there. At that point I looked in the backseat of my car at my two infant childen and decided not too stop.  If they had not been with me, I would have pulled over.  At the time I was in a custody battle and never reported the incident.  As I went further down 3L and approached highway 275, I lost sight of the object in my rearview mirrors.  I was hoping once I got onto the highway headed eastbound and on the bridge, that I would see it again and I did not. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));38.9986;-84.501
