Glowing/pulsating orange light, moving quickly & erratically in San Diego, CA.;2013-10-05 21:20:00;2 minutes;Glowing/pulsating orange light, moving quickly & erratically in San Diego, CA I am an amateur astronomer and member of the local major astronomy association and was with a group of 7 people including myself doing some stargazing in this perfect cloudless, moonless night.  We were busy looking at the Andromeda Galaxy at the moment.  The night was getting cold and one member of the group asked if I had a spare jacket.  So she and I started back towards my car to grab it.  We were about 100 feet from the observing sight when the rest of the group started calling & shouting out for us to look up!!  There it was, at about 9:20pm pacific time around 30 degrees up in the southwestern sky a deep orange glowing/pulsating light.  At first I thought it was a meteor burning up but then it changed directions! We ran back to the observing sight all the while this object was zig-zagging in the sky.  I loosened the grips of the telescope and tried to view the object more closely.  I managed to see it in the finder scope.  I couldn’t tell the shape of the actual “ship” but there was a dark spot surrounded by a deep orange light and it was indeed moving around left, right, up & down.   I had chills running though my body!  The rest of the group was equally stunned.  The total time it was there was probably close to 2 minutes before it just disappeared.   Very creepy!  It certainly is the strangest thing I have seen in the night sky in all my stargazing!;33.0562;-117.2688
Three dancing lights.;2015-07-16 01:45:00;30 minutes;Three dancing lights. A friend I were walking down the 101 in downtown Encinitas, when I noticed three bright lights staggered vertically and stationary that were hovering over mountains looking East.   They seemed strange so I watched them for two minutes or so before the bottom two started moving horizontally back and forth, slightly out of synch, as if the middle light was following the bottom light.   The mountains were probably around 2.5 miles from us and the lights were hanging rather close from my perspective.   The movement was so bizarre I alerted my friend and we both watched them for another couple of minutes, before the highest light started moving back and forth horizontally as well, but more slowly than the bottom two.  It's as if the lights were dancing or playing with each other.  This went on for at least 25 mins before we just gave up looking at them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.0562;-117.2688
On October 16, 2016 shortly after 2 pm, I was laying on my back looking straight up into a partly clouded blue sky. High, lacy static c;2016-10-16 02:16:00;10 seconds;On October 16, 2016, shortly after 2 pm, I was laying on my back looking straight up into a partly clouded blue sky.  High, lacy static cirrus clouds, and some scattered low coastal marine layer puffy cloud, drifting easterly.   Observed a deep, deep pure black dot moving southeast to northwest, above sparse coastal clouds and below very high cirrus layer.  Black dot moved swiftly and silently.  I have never seen an object of ANY altitude that displayed a deep black image.  It seemed to move not in a straight line but displayed an imperfect line of travel (setting itself apart from high altitude aircraft or Earth orbiting objects).  Observation lasted maybe 5 to 7 seconds.  Difficult to estimate size of object due to altitude.  But off the cuff, would speculate it was maybe 10 to 30 meters in diameter.;33.0562;-117.2688
Extremely High speed unknown heading west over head after impossiblr turns above SoCal.;2018-09-16 20:25:00;6 seconds;Extremely High speed unknown heading west over head after impossiblr turns above SoCal. At 76 years old, my first UFO.  There is a space between some trees that when I sit on the patio, I can observe the sky for miles...planes all the time...choppers and private aircraft and way up in elevation the big commercial birds.  I know the speeds of each as well as the sounds. Tonight, it was WAY different.  I was looking direct east, watching a light (per usual) traveling south to north over the mountains (big hills) to the direct east.  It was going pretty fast for something observed at that distance...it gained altitude then hung a hard right descended somewhat and made a hard left right toward my position at shocking speed...it was over head and heading due west faster than anything I've EVER seen...and silent.  The round light of it was somewhat diffused as if behind clouds but the sky is clear though somewhat bright due to light pollution from the nearby small shopping center.  It  passed over my 2 story building and beyond sight and would have been over the ocean within seconds going due west. One thing for sure...what ever it was, was BLAZING fast...impossibly so. It was an object...it was flying and it remains unknown.  One more thing off the bucket list!;33.0562;-117.2688
