Bright bluish white light moving north, then east, leaving bluish trail behind, rolling over and disappeared....;2003-12-18 23:00:00;3 to 5 seconds;Bright bluish white light moving north, then east, leaving bluish trail behind, rolling over and disappeared.... I am a UFO skeptic. I have an Assoc. degree in Science and Bachelors Degree in Nursing. I am a 53 year old grandmother of 5. I do not know exactly what I saw. I could not sleep this night. I stepped outside onto the patio facing south. I looked up thinking to myself that the stars were so bright and pretty. I also remarked allowed to myself Well Lord, the stars are still in the sky. At that moment I saw what I thought at first to be a falling star. However, what at first appeared to be a star, was extremely bright bluish white. It appeared to be coming directly at me very fast, then turned east while at the same time coming closer. Then, all of a sudden the 'star' grew in size, appearing like an irregular oval-shaped rock, still bright, but appearing to be sort of 'bumping' going slightly up an down, slightly losing speed, toppling/rolling over, and leaving behind a bluish white trail (similar to a chem trail). Then the object disappeared instantaneously. I stood there trying to memorize exactly what I saw. My first analysis was that it was probably a meteor/asteroid? I also expected to hear something about a meteor thumping into some farmers field. Nothing. So thought I would report what I observed, hoping perhaps that someone else saw the same thing.;40.7968099834971;-96.6699311056121
Bright, bluish-white glowing oval shoots rapidly and silently across the night sky;2006-07-21 23:00:00;4-6 seconds;Bright, bluish-white glowing oval shoots rapidly and silently across the night sky The strange coincidences surrounding this sighting necessitate a rather long report.  I have never before seen a ufo, and have always been skeptical of them, having felt that there must be mainly psychological forces involved in such experiences, rather than technological ones.  I recently moved back to Lincoln, and have been staying with my parents while looking for a place of my own.  Some weeks ago I had a dream in which an otherworldly craft flew over the house while I was alone on the front porch.  In the dream I called my mother out to witness the thing with me so that at least someone would believe what I had seen.  Then, several nights before the sighting described below, I stumbled upon a video of a 2001 press conference given at the National Press Club in Washington, DC by Dr. Greer and The Disclosure Project, and was stunned by the information presented there by him and his 21 government, military, intelligence community, and corporate witnesses.  This testimony shattered my preconceived notions about ufos--indeed my entire worldview--and forced me to admit that I likely have been a victim of disinformation my entire life.  I was still reeling from what I had learned from this video, and was weighing telling my parents about it as we sat on their front porch on the night of July 21, when my father said there's a ufo.  He is a level-headed retired journalist who coincidentally spent years as a member of the National Press Club working as an award-winning White House Press Photographer under the Nixon administration.  I saw that he was joking about an airplane flying nearby, but his comment gave me the opportunity to broach the subject of The Disclosure Project press conference and tell the two of them that I thought it likely that we world citizens had been lied to for generations about the reality of extraterrestrial visitation.  It was a difficult thing for me to do, as I am a rational person and was risking my credibility, but I feel that this is supremely important information that everyone needs to hear.  The three of us had an interesting conversation in which my parents expressed their own doubt about the official ufo story, and generally we all just soaked up this astounding revelation without waxing overly dramatic about it.  Some time later my mother went up to bed and my father and I stayed up talking.  Just after 11 pm, as if it had been summoned as verification of my earlier assertions, a glowing, bluish-white object about the apparent size of a pea held at arm's length, brighter than anything else in the sky, appeared about 20 degrees above the horizon (below the clouds) almost due south of us, glowing brightly and streaking rapidly westward at a 30 degree downward angle.  I said do you see that? and my father replied I'm looking at it in a stupefied tone.  The object (I call it an object rather than a light because it was a sharply-defined ovoid shape with no flames, rays, or tail) shot in a straight line toward the horizon and disappeared behind the buildings a few hundred feet south of us, absolutely soundlessly.  It seemed to be about a half-mile or so distant, though it was difficult to tell with certainty.  There was no explosion or flash of light at the time the object should have hit the ground, had it been a meteor, comet, or other sort of space debris.  I asked my dad if we shouldn't call the local papers and tv stations the next day to see if anyone had reported anything.  The veteran journalist replied why would we do that?  They wouldn't tell us anything we don't already know.  A man of few words, he paused for a second or two and then said that was what you would call 'a classic ufo'.  He later admitted he'd never seen anything like it before.  The next day he joked, the ufo people were listening to our conversation, with his typical dry humor, but who knows--is that so unlikely?  Just two or three minutes after the sighting I took out my PDA and recorded detailed notes, which formed the basis of this report.  By the way, the animation on your site provided by a witness to a March 19 sighting in Seattle is very similar to what my father and I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));40.7968099834971;-96.6699311056121
Silver aircraft hovered over city then vanished.;2016-11-20 11:10:00;2 minutes;Silver aircraft hovered over city then vanished. Silver metallic object hovered over the city for about 2 minutes and then just vanished. I was driving East towards the city on West O at 11am on Sunday morning when I noticed an object in the sky, probably just a plane I thought.  I kept looking up and noticed it was hovering and thought it may be a military aircraft but it was too far to make out.  All of a sudden it vanished!  I pulled over to see if I could see the path of the aircraft outside of the car, but nothing.  Weird. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.7968099834971;-96.6699311056121
