Observed a rapidly moving star-like object -- the object was not a satellite or shooting star.;2007-06-25 23:50:00;5 minutes;Observed a rapidly moving star-like object -- the object was not a satellite or shooting star. Tonight at approx. 11:50PM I spotted what appeared to be a rapidly moving star at first I thought it was a satellite, but based on my previous observations of satellite movements, this object was moving far too quickly to be a satellite. It moved in a northward direction, but was quite faint and I found it difficult to track the object’s movement. I watched the object for between 30 seconds and 1 minute. The security light was on by our garage (impeding my ability to track the object), and as the object continued moving southward, I lost sight of it.  I walked over to the outdoor light and unplugged it to see if I could locate the object again, and after approx. 1 minute, I located the object a second time (however, it could have been a second object, as I did lose track of this object for approx. 1 minute.  The object was now tracking southward at was moving at approximately the same speed.  From my position, the object was traveling at a trajectory that was in-between the moon (to the southwest) and what I assumed to be Venus (to the southeast) – it being the brightest “star” in night sky.  After tracking the star-like object for approx. 30 seconds, out of the corner of my eye I spotted a shooting star – to my left (east). The shooting star shot rapidly across the sky and then disappeared, and I continued watching the star-like object as it continued on its’ southward journey for approx. another 30 seconds (although it may have been longer – perhaps a 1 minute) before losing sight of this object – i.e. in total, the object took between 1 and  1 ½ minutes to travel  across the sky from its’ original north position to where I lost sight of it in the southern sky.  Note: I did not track the object all the way to a southern horizon position – instead, it seemed to grow fainter until reaching a point where the object was no longer in sight.  I went inside and told my wife what I saw, and then went back outside to see if I could locate the object a third time – however, the object did not ! reappear .;52.3323;-106.7786
