Basically it looked like a shooting star.  The odd thing was the duration and sound.  It started high in the ski to the NE and made its;2001-08-13 02:30:00;3 Seconds;Basically it looked like a shooting star.  The odd thing was the duration and sound.  It started high in the ski to the NE and made its way to ground level and emitted a quick sound, like muted thunder.  Perhaps the sound came from something else and was coincidentally at the same time?  Thought I'd mention it, maybe someone else happened to be looking up around that time...;33.7515;-118.367
Bright, amber colored sphere dances around night sky near coast of RPV, CA remained stationary multiple times before moving.;2011-06-29 22:30:00;~1.5 hours;Bright, amber colored sphere dances around night sky near coast of RPV, CA remained stationary multiple times before moving. A friend and I were sitting outside on his porch listening to music at around 10:00 PM.  After awhile my eyes drifted up towards and sky and I started to star gaze.  Some time after I started to star gaze, I became fixed on a certain star that seemed to keep holding my attention.  It was noticeably brighter than most other stars that were visible that night, and have a very characteristic amber color to it.  However, after studying it a bit longer, it appeared to be much closer in terms of distance than the other stars that were visible. After maybe another ten minutes of studying this star, it started to move at a very slow and steady pace.  I started to think maybe it was just aircraft, although it was much, much too high to be an commercial airliner.  This lead me to believe it could have just been a satellite.  Yet, those thoughts were soon pushed out of my mind completely. About 2-3 minutes after it initially started to cruise, the object stopped, and then started to go back to the space where it came from.  It continued to move back and forth in this manner for 3-4 minutes.  At this point I was certain it wasn't an aircraft or a satellite.  I kept looking at the object, thinking maybe my eyes were just playing tricks on me from staring at one place for so long. I looked away for a minute or two to rest my eyes, then looked back up towards the object.  After staying stationary for a few more moments, it started to move again, but this time in multiple different directions.  It would go forward, back, side-to-side, etc., all while coming to complete stops multiple times and then continuing to move about (almost as if inertia had no effect on it).  This continued for about ten minutes, and during this time I was able to point it out to my friend who also confirmed that he could see the object moving.  I'd like to note that while it was moving, a faint trail of light followed behind it, resembling a sort of little tail at the end of the object. By this time, it was after 11:00 PM.  The object remained stationary for quite some time after it had done all that moving about (but stayed in the same general area the whole time).  I kept my eye on it, waiting for it to make its next move.  After staying in place for about 15 minutes, the object moved again, this time moving in an arc pattern that was EXTREMELY noticeable.  Seeing it move this way made it certain that my eyes were not playing tricks on me.  After this, it continued its previous moving patterns from the beginning, which I continued to observe until approx. 11:50 PM.  At that time I drove home, the object still being there when I left.  Unfortunately, the area this occurred at is not visible from where I live, so once I left my friend's house, I was only left to wonder how long it stayed there. I feel it's important to note that I felt very, otherworldly, when I was observing this object. While this sounds a bit cliché, I definitely felt something when looking at it.  Some sort of connection possibly, that I could feel that this object was not of this world.  Then again, I could have just been awestruck. I plan to keep an eye on the night skies more often, though.;33.7515;-118.367
I have a video but don't know where to attach it.;2020-11-20 09:04:00;1 minute;I have a video but don't know where to attach it. /Users/owner/Documents/alien objects UFO .pdf;33.7515;-118.367
