at 530 on sunday12-6-08we saw a long black triangle float into the sky above the clouds about 50 thousand feet.;2008-12-06 17:30:00;5 minutes;at 530 on sunday12-6-08 we saw a long black triangle float into the sky above the clouds about 50 thousand feet. It was 5:30 pm on december 6,2008 and my aunt my sister and I sat down in on our front yard.We were watching the clouds when we noticed an elongated black triangle.It floated in to the sky in a zig-zag formation.There was only one shape.I am a student. The shape had no contrails and didnt look like a plane.;33.7515;-118.367
Triangle UFO hovering on top of my home then accelerate very fast, after illuminating center white light.;2015-07-18 02:30:00;15-20 Seconds;Triangle UFO hovering on top of my home then accelerate very fast, after illuminating center white light. I was on my living room sofa, watching late movie with the volume down since kids were just went to bed after their summer school at Ridgecrest.   I heard humming sound with the electric current from outside.  Initially I thought it was someone is driving their EV or Hybrid, because my Optima Hybrid made similar sound at its EV mode.  However, sound seems very loud compare to any other hybrid car that I have seen.   So, I looked out the window, which was just next to my sofa.  There was nothing on the street.  But there was a triangle shape flying UFO hovering, or very slowly moving, on top of my home.  I was looking at it for may be 10 to 15 seconds or more.  I was speechless at first, but I think I said to myself,  What ((deleted)) is that?  What the hell is that thing???  OMG!!!  How can it hovering, without making any sound...but I can feel electric humming sound.  These are the words that I was talking to myself during the observation.  So I was probably witnessing less than 20 seconds or so, approximately.  I need to stop the incidence report here for moment and describe my initial sighting of this object back in January 2015. I was walking outside my home on the night of January 5, 2015, approximately around 07:50 PM, I witnessed a strange flying object that does not flying like a plane or helicopter.  And it was flying at very slow speed with not so high altitude.  It was definitely higher than tall trees in PV, but much lower than conventional flying altitude of helicopter.  I went to my car and grab a binocular and saw the object and, it was a somewhat triangle shape (not the perfect triangle, I was not too sure about the perfect or not due to the visibility was not clear) with the 3 flashing red lights on each corner.  There was a center bright light on bottom and top which was on and off.  Ever since, my curiosity lead me to follow the object whenever I saw it.  It used to come up in the same area at same hours. It seems to have regular schedule of flying hours.  Then sometime in May or June, it was stop showing itself.  I was pretty much forgot about it since it did not show and had busy work schedule and with the kids... Now going back to the story that I paused for minute.  This almost perfect triangle shape was hovering very low on top of my home which is probably about at 4 story high, less than 40-50 feet high.  I was able to see very clearly..its shape, material of the body.  When I first saw back in January with my binocular, I thought it was a black color, but it was more like a silver or gray, hard describe its color, but very materialistic color, may be like graphite.  However, it was not pulsating red flash light in three corners.  It was a white flash lights in the three corners, but no center light.  My phone was at my computer desk and was charging and I did not want to miss the opportunity to witness the close up encounter with this object.   Suddenly, my cat jump up to the window and I was surprised by sudden presence of my cat and made a sound.  The object seems to notice that I was watching it at that moment.  It quickly began to emit very bright center light with the high charging electric sound which last only may be less than two seconds, then it began to accelerate toward the ocean very fast for about 50 feet then got disappeared. After I witness the UFO, I searched online and trying to find out about the object online and close thing that I discover was a flying object called TR3B.  However, it was not entirely the same from one that I saw.  If you type TR3B on You tube, then you can see video image from France, it was illuminating center light bottom and top and disappeared in front of your eyes.  However one that I saw was only from the bottom portion center was illuminate. and moving speed approximately 50 feet was just blink of an eye, less than second or so. It was not very big.  It was probably only about 1.5-2 times bigger than my Optima.  I was able to feel our window was vibrating at that time when the object was hovering our home.   Perhaps, I am exaggerating, but it seems like it was checking on me because I was following it for few months every time I saw it.  My wife told me to stop thinking about it and maybe I better stop thinking about it.  I did not expect it to show up on top of my home.;33.7515;-118.367
During my rounds around the property I observed a triangle shaped craft flashing multiple lights at a low altitude. The craft came from;2017-02-12 01:25:00;4 minutes;During my rounds around the property I observed a triangle shaped craft flashing multiple lights at a low altitude.  The craft came from the north of the mountain.  Was visible for 4 minutes until it vanished seemed to be some sort of cloaking.  My background is graveyard security officer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.7515;-118.367
UFO spotted flying low for >30 seconds, no reports called in personally but multiple helicopters spotted circling within 5 minutes;2017-10-02 21:00:00;>30 seconds;UFO spotted flying low for &gt30 seconds, no reports called in personally but multiple helicopters spotted circling within 5 minutes UFO spotted briefly for >30 seconds, flying dangerously low through a rural residential neighborhood in Rancho PV. UFO appeared to come from behind our vehicle and then along the driver side.  UFO was large enough to possibly hold a person or two.   Extremely fast/brief movement, obscure/irregular flight pattern (wavy), strangely SILENT, ascended slightly before emitting a neon orange light and seemingly disappearing.  No reports made personally, but multiple helicopters began circling with their lights within 5 minutes of sighting.;33.7515;-118.367
Was in hot tub facing ESE toward Pisces, when suddenly appeared 3 bright lights in a iso triangle shape.;2017-10-23 18:30:00;15 seconds;was in hot tub facing East South East toward pisces, when suddenly appeared 3 bright lights in a iso triangle shape, the stars were not visible yet and air traffic to LAX very obvious with nav lights.  The light last for about 10 secs., then the bottom right light faded to invisible, followed by the bottom left light fading away followed by the top light fading.   I grabbed my iPhone and opened Sky Guide app.  The screen shot revealed on Sky watch said that there 2 rockets named C. 2228 and C. 1328  I guess the third was not there on sky watch.;33.7515;-118.367
Changing Bright Light object over Los Angeles;2021-03-02 01:25:00;5 minutes;Changing Bright Light object over Los Angeles Saw an extremely bright, changing color, flickering, triangle shaped object flying above the ocean. It looked like water was being pulled into it. There was a smaller object next to it, just stagnant. There was no sound with either but both had a glowing haze. We got a quick video! Soon as we put the flash on, it stopped flickering colors and the brightness stopped and took off.;33.7515;-118.367
