I went out my back ddor at about nine fifty pm and happen to look to the southeast about at a 25 degree angle and saw a light changing ;2000-02-03 21:50:00;2330;((NUFORC Note:  Report is consistent with bright twinkling star that appears in the southeastern sky at this time of year.)) I went out my back ddor at about nine fifty pm and happen to look to the southeast about at a 25 degree angle and saw a light changing color. I went out my back door and happen to see a light in the sky at about a 25 degree angle from the ground and in the southeastern direction. The light was turning colors from white to blue to red and then to white again.I watched for a few minutes and noticed it was slowly moveing to the south. I also seen it begin to move up then down then back to the southeast then back to the south. Then it would make a circular loop clockwise. I yelled at my wife and daughter to see the object. They came and watched with me not believing what they were seeing either. I then called my nephew and a coworker each living in different parts of the county to see if they could see. They did and also was at a loss as to what it was. They both seen it do the exact samethings that I was seeing. My coworker Scott Duran Used a tree limb  to line the object up with to see how it was moving and told me that it would be in one patr of the tree limb then suddenly be in a different part. There was little to no wind that night so we knew the tree limb wasn't moving. We watched until it got to the south were it stopped moving to the west and just sit there moving up,down,left, right, and doing a loop every once in awhile.It would always remain back at the same location but appeared to be going away from us. I watched until 2330 and needed to go to bed. ((name deleted))watch it out his bed room window until he fell asleep later. We also seen it Friday and Saturday but it was closer to the horizan but always moved to the south and stopped. Then moved away from us.;29.7823;-96.1638
