I saw an enormous, low flying, cloaked craft that was under 1000 feet in altitude. Triangular in shape, fast, and absent of sound.;2012-03-18 00:40:00;10 - 15 seconds;I saw an enormous, low flying, cloaked craft that was under 1000 feet in altitude.  Triangular in shape, fast, and absent of sound. My girlfriend and I were enjoying a cigarette before bed after enjoying a beautiful evening outdoors.  The weather was perfect and stars were clearly visible in the nights sky.  Just as we were about to walk in to call it a night, I noticed a shooting star streak through the nights sky, and pointed it out to my girlfriend.  Almost immediately following this the neighbors began having a bit of a verbal dispute and we decided to listen to the drunken barrage coming from next door. We stayed very quiet and made sure we were not noticed.  I happened to be gazing up at the heavens and listening when the sighting occurred. I thought a satellite very high in the atmosphere was passing over head initially, until the distorted image made itself apparent.  The size of this object was larger than any plane and well under 1000 feet in altitude.  Even during the neighbors bickering and our attempts to be quiet, I let out a yell of excitement and pointed to this massive, cloaked aircraft floating along at an incredible clip with absolutely no sound emanating from an engine.  Not even a hum. How I could be so fooled to think that initially this incredible technological marvel was a satellite thousands of feet in the air is incredible.  Once it became clear to me that this was an immensely sized UFO cloaking itself with the nights sky I was Damn near hysterical.  My girlfriend was unable to spot it, even following my fingers direction.  I think it simply fooled her vision as it had mine initially.  Within the span of time of roughly 10 - 15 seconds it had disappeared from our line of sight due to tree lines. The object was moving directly North West towards Highway 41 and Austin Straubel airport in Green Bay.  I cannot stress enough that the size and shape of this craft were abundantly clear to me.  I had 2 drinks over the entire duration of the evening, and at the time of sighting this object, I was completely sober and coherent.  The craft was an elongated triangle with rounded edges cruising at a very high speed, low altitude, and without a sound. Just typing this report is not enough for me at this point.  I need to understand what this was.  Either a highly sophisticated government project, or (no offense to our human intellect) an extra terrestrial craft, which I find to be more feasible.  Please let me know if anyone else had a sighting, or knows of anyone that may have seen this.  I will be contacting Austin Straubel tomorrow to see if their radar had caught something out of the ordinary. Honestly, it's hard to be skeptical of anything going forward. I'm 31 years old, hold an executive position, and now I feel like a naive child.;44.4371000000006;-88.0795000000024
