Thought large Jetliner was landing.;2001-11-20 21:00:00;45 seconds;Thought large Jetliner was landing. My son and I that evening, were walking to our vehicle to got to dinner in a near by small town.  The weather was very overcast.  The clouds were very low and it was misty.  I looked up toward the clouds that seemed to be nearly setting on top of our tall pecan trees that surround the house.   Suddenly breaking through the clouds was what appeared to be a large Jetliner.  I could not see any wings, but it looked like a fuselage with windows, small windows like airplane windows, they were very visible and brightly lit.  The craft was descending very rapidly toward the west, more or less.  I must have said something because my son looked up and just saw some quickly disappearing lights.   I believe there were some colored lights on the craft, but my attention was drawn to the windows and I cannot remember the other lights.  The craft continued to descend and then disappeared behind the downtown of our small community.  There was no sound what so ever.  I excited! ly told my son I thought a Jetliner was going to crash, or land.  Our country side is prairie not a lot of trees, mostly rolling hills.  I told one person about this and was made fun of so I have never mentioned it to anyone other than immediate family since.  I remember the incident clear as day.  I am 79 now, but was in my 60’s at the time.  This leads me to another incident that was told to me by a elderly gentleman who I have no doubt was speaking sincerely. He said that a good number of years ago, he and his wife and daughter were on their way to Blynn College at Schulenburg Texas.  They lived in Yokum Texas.  The road from Yokum to Schulenburg is a good highway.  And it is about 35 miles between the two hamlets.  It was about 4:AM.  He said an object descended across the Hwy. directly in front of them, they all saw it very plainly.  I ask him what it looked like, and he said it looked like an old Pullman train car.  He said as they were watching it crossed the roadway and stopped by the livestock fence than ran along side the road. The fence being about 40 feet off the road, along the right of way.  I ask him what happened next.  He said he stopped the car and got out, although his wife and daughter were screaming for him to keep driving.  He said about that time, it disappeared.  He had no explanation for the disappearance.  There was no sound. I’m telling you about these incidents because I have a theory.  Maybe a poor one, but maybe not.  Shiner and Yokum are ten miles apart.  BUT, the San Antonio airport is about eighty miles or so from these two towns.  I believe that we both saw some kind of mirage.  I failed to ask this gentleman about the weather when he told me his story.  Perhaps he had dense low clouds as I did.  I think somehow images from the airport could have been bouncing under, in or around those clouds.  I have read about the many surprising things mirages do.  Their have been other incidents in this area, I have heard of them but never talked to the witnesses personally.  Thank you for your time.;29.4252;-97.1608000000001
