We were driving along the highway and we saw a large, bright, diamond shape object in the sky. The object was falling rapidly on an ang;2000-05-14 11:25:00;5 seconds;We were driving along the highway and we saw a large, bright, diamond shape object in the sky. The object was falling rapidly on an angle. The object looked to be far away, but was still quite large. It was bright and the light was white. The shape was of a diamond. The point of the diamond was facing the direction of the fall. The object did not have a trail of light behind it. The object was sighted along the highway surrounded by farmland. Our car was travelling approximately 120km/h. Our view was obstucted approximately 5 seconds after the sighting by trees.;42.9621;-81.6212
Slow moving diamond/triangle shaped low flying craft without any sound w/bright white lights on tips and scrolling blue and red lights;2004-12-05 22:00:00;10 minutes;Slow moving diamond/triangle shaped low flying craft without any sound w/bright white lights on tips and scrolling blue and red lights Returning home a brighter than normal light appeared in the distance at an abnormally low height.  From a distance the light seemed very bright and white.  As we drove closer, the craft remained on a steady path, and began to look not like any normal aircraft.  Once we were close enough to see that it had outer bright white lights on the tips of what seemed to be a triangle or diamond shape it was difficult to determine as it was dark.  In addition to the white lights, there where blue and red sort of scrolling lights in between the white light tipped outer corners of the craft.  We stopped the car and got out and listened and watched.  It was very quite this night, the craft flew almost directly over top of where we had stopped and emitted no sound whatsoever.  We watched at this time the craft just drift over and then away from us in virtually the same direction the entire time.  I would like to point out that the craft was drifting at a speed that was too slow for any airplane, but at a constant rate.  I would guess 50-70 km/hour.;42.9621;-81.6212
