Harlan, Indiana mayhurst drive disc shaped craft with multi-flashing colors of light going around counter-clockwise on side of craft..;1985-06-30 17:00:00;5 minutes;Harlan, Indiana mayhurst drive disc shaped craft with multi-flashing colors of light going around counter-clockwise on side of craft.. UFO sighting back year between mid 80's early 90's  This sighting had to have been mid  80's  early 90's I dont know the exact date but I was a young boy at the time living in harlan, IN. on Mayhurst Dr. street very end of street on left side was the house I lived in with my family my childhood first home until we moved not far to a double story house on st. joe center rd.  you can see on a google map the road and the cementry circle satellite view on map street is mayhurst rd. at end of street left house.  Harlan Indiana look for post office use map zoom in you'll see a mayhurst rd. with circle  that was were we lived at  cementry next to it which was a little spooky. but this I know without a doubt happened for real. I know because the behind our back yard 2 neighbors were standing in the driveway looking straight up at this thing.  it must of done something to our physci or memory  because we all saw it including my mother she remeber's but only slight trace's of the memory  the best I can recall and remeber is seeing this thing floated or hovered silently about 38 feet above the ground at about house level it come across the corn field and stopped directly in plain view out of our back yard just above backyard's neighbor's house or gravel drivewayop level it made no noise was a classic circular on sideview all around the disc shaped craft was perfect circle lights going around counter clockwise in a timed unison every circle that light up was a different color like red green orange blue white It seemed these counter clockwise flashing of lights which was flashing half a second or so probably had to do something with its propulsion of the craft it was clearly not of this planet I tell you like an anti gravity craft something I never have seen.  While staring at this craft with awe I remeber I looked back at the sliding glass door from back porch and my mom was looking at it too, I then  looked and 2 of my neighbors from the house's driveway it was hovering above with these flashing lights  going around and the 2 neighbors were standing directly below it pointing and marveling at the bottom of the craft. The ufo was a brownish color like metal.  this ufo had to of done something to our memory because the only thing we could remeber next was it fading away in the distance hovering at an unknown rate. I drew a picture of it to my mom's friend but we were all like in a state of denial or something but it really happened! This thing was for real I know what i saw but god i wish i had had my mother take a snapshot with the poloraid camera we had back then you know the instant flash  and picture. It was so weird but happened and I guess its one of those things when you see something like that you dont think of anything else rational or think of getting the camera because all you can do is stare at this thing that is really there but you cannot believe it.  messes with your physci because your brain can't register what you are seeing as normal or  rational but it's there. I'll probably never ever see another ufo in person again because it is  so rare but I know this was real and happened maybe if I had hypnotic recogoniction or something  I could unlock the rest of what I saw but can't remeber it happened id bet my mother's life on it  that this was for real.;41.2328;-84.8379
