Large, triangle shaped ufo that emanates light at each corner, moves on straight a straight linear axis while in 360 degree rotation.;1997-04-14 02:15:00;50 seconds;Large, triangle shaped ufo that emanates light at each corner, moves on straight a straight linear axis while in 360 degree rotation. April 14th, 1997. Between 02:15 AM - 02:30 AM I was driving my crappy, navy blue '91 hyundai excel on Interstate 287 North between the town of Edison and Piscataway with my friend who would also be a witness.  This part of the interstate is elevated to the point of being a small bridge and so provided us with a good view.  My approximations of distances between the ground up is based on the elevated point from which I and my friend stood. The cloud cover at this time of night was very dense and extremely low, moving at 25 to 30 mph.  The lowest clouds were only 200 to 300 yards above.  It was a very rare sight to see this type of cloud cover here in New Jersey as it is usually only seen in the more southern areas of the United States.  I commented on such nebulous formations to my friend as he too looked up into the sky.  Soon after, I noticed a large light patiently appear from out between the clouds about a 1/4 of a mile away.  I started analyzing it's most awkward arrival with extreme precision.  My thoughts and analyzations were as follows: There's a light the size of a street lamp light up in the clouds... It's a Fire Ball!!! No...it's moving too slow, it would of hit by now. The light that it's emitting is equal to that of a street lamp. Why is it floating above the lowest clouds and under the highest ones? To this I would point and yell to my friend of the unexplainable sight.  We were both frantic. But not as frantic as when the second light appeared from out of the clouds.  I pulled over immediately for us to get a better observation.  It was at this point that we could both see more than just light.  It was an actual physical object.  Very Dark Gray, slightly darker than the clouds.  Once the third light  finally exposed itself we were able to fully identify the shape of the floating object.  It was a perfect triangle.  The lights were located at the ends of each angle, but the angles were not pointed. The were rounded off. My friend and I were sobbing, crying in sheer terror, but we were more overwhelmed with happiness for we knew we were taking part in witnessing the unbelievable. Once we were both able to make full visual contact of the object we became very serious in order to obtain more visual information.  I will now become more descriptively technical so that there is no misunderstanding as to where I was positioned according to the object's location and my own. Going North on 287 we pulled over to witness the clouds come in from the North West and move South East.  The object also moved in this direction.  It moved in a straight linear axis from left to right where we were standing.  But while it was on this axis it rotated 360 degrees clockwise, patiently, without a sound.  All of a sudden the object in its immense proportions snaps into a perfect 90 degree turn and would begin to rotate instantly into a Counter Clockwise rotation North East from us.  In essence, the object's movements were perfectly geometric.  And so it was with this turn that it would make it's decent into the thickness of the low cloud cover. We could not tell of the object's full dimensions, for we witnessed it from below.  If it was the bottom of the craft that we may have been looking at then we do know for a fact that it appeared flat.  Nothing protruded from it in any way. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident may be approximate, but was in April 1997.  We spoke with this witness and found him to be quite credible.  PD));40.5256638443936;-74.3994524027457
Four confirmed triangular bright orange objects travel and then dissappear above Edison, NJ USA.;2013-12-31 22:30:00;10 minutes;Four confirmed triangular bright orange objects travel and then dissappear above Edison, NJ USA It was around 22:30 on December 31st, 2013. Before getting into my car, I looked up and noticed how crystal clear the sky was.  I then looked to the west and noticed two objects flying towards me.  They were almost side by side, the one on the left being slightly ahead of the other.  They seemed a bit bright, but I assumed they were military planes on a special mission for New Year’s Eve. As I started to drive towards the west, I couldn’t help but keep looking up at the objects. After three minutes, I was absolutely convinced they weren’t planes.  While looking over the tree tops further southwest, I thought I saw two more objects in the distance!  I drove a bit more to get a better view, but only the original two remained.  I pulled over to the side of the road, rolled down my window, and got out my phone to record some video.  The orange colored objects seemed quite small from where I was, but I could tell they were angular.  Perhaps triangle-like, their point located in the front of the craft.  They glowed like fire. The one on the right was still slightly trailing the other, but they were going at the same speed.  After a couple minutes, the UFOs faded into the darkness.  I did not get much at all on camera.  Disappointed, I started my vehicle, and began driving west again.  I immediately saw two identical objects flying in the same formation in front of me!  Once again, I pulled over, got out my phone and began recording.  This time I was able to get a much better shot.  I watched them for another four minutes, and just like the others, they soon faded into the night sky.;40.5256638443936;-74.3994524027457
Me and my girlfriend were driving down the highway around 9:30pm, when I looked to the right and saw headlights(high beams)hovering jus;2014-09-07 20:30:00;45 seconds;Me and my girlfriend were driving down the highway around 9:30 pm, when I looked to the right and saw headlights (high beams) hovering just standing still.  I saw it then turned away.  It took like 3 secs to realize were in a highway with no intersections near for light to be coming from the right.   As I quickly looked back I noticed the lights weren't on ground level but, in the sky my girlfriend quickly said record that thing.  Within 1 sec of me opening my iPhone to camera this object moved about 1,000 ft from the east to right infront /above us.(At this time is when I start to record the object).  The object is now hovering in front of us, and then goes from 2 lights to 3 lights in a triangular form and we can clearly see the triangle dark shadow with a bulb in the middle of it.   It then started moving faster than what my camera can capture but, we can see it move in circular rotation twice as it came to a stop and more lights came on and then disappeared to! about 2 miles away west where we just saw the light moving at an insane speed.   The whole time, we are driving with the windows down because of humidity, and as you watch the video notice it was completely silent with no blinking red and blue lights like a commercial airplane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.5256638443936;-74.3994524027457
Lighted  Triangular Crafts sighted within minutes of each other HIGH OVERHEAD.;2016-08-16 04:10:00;Minutes (2 sightings);Lighted  Triangular Crafts sighted within minutes of each other HIGH OVERHEAD. Lighted, 3  triangular crafts sighted within minutes of each other.   Hello, this is to report a multiple sighting of triangular objects that were observed withing 17 mins of each other, location was at private house back yard near Oak Tree Road, Edison, NJ.  Here's the story... With the wash out of the Perseid meteor shower, gave it another chance so set up lawn chairs and waited, saw few streaks but nothing spectacular..... But at approx 4:10 am EDT observed a craft that was directly overhead traveling from south to north, it was shaped like an acute triangle with long sides/thin and had a blue white light on front of it and two rectangular type lights on each side.  The lights were a diff color than the stars and when the craft would go in front of star it would blot it  out ….....I would say this  craft was orbital, for it traveled my field of view in 15-20 secs and was very high in night sky.  Also, it did not shimmer like the stars did, just solid blue/white lights …........ Then to my  surprise, spotted another craft of this type a few mins later (17) but it was to east on a south east to north west track, appox 70 degrees  and moving at same clip as prior one..............   And then, another lighted triangle appeared but it was about 6 secs behind this one, having follow same track but as it drew near it acted in HERKY JERKY MANNER, slowing down and speeding up at times.... Objects  observed were about size of three pencil erasers held at arms length  , and way up in the sky........... Temp was 80 deg hazy hot and humid with a broken cloud cover that would dissipate at times ….........sure looked strange and seeing the ISS station at times these craft looked nothing like that or any other terrestrial craft …......WEIRD!;40.5256638443936;-74.3994524027457
