Small disc shaped object dropped into view less than 40 feet away from observers.;1980-06-15 10:00:00;2 minutes;Small disc shaped object dropped into view less than 40 feet away from observers. I know what time it was exactly because I had just watched our local AM Northwest television program. My 3 1/2 year old were sitting in our front room facing the picture window.  She was standing on the couch beside ne and I had my arm sort of around her.  A disk/saucer shaped object dropped straight down into our line of vision. It was in our neighbors yard, in front of their house about 4 feet above the ground.  That image is pretty much burned into my brain and I can still clearly recall what I saw that day.The object was not more than about 5 feet across  and about 2 1/2 to 3 feet deep.  It was a sort of mottled green camoflauge color and had what looked like writing on the side. Except the stick figure lettering looked like Egyptian/Arabic/Russian type of script.  The object hung in place for a couple of minutes and then it moved straight up past the window frame where I could see it.  I was so stunned that the time seemed to creep by, but I'm sure the incident was not more than two minutes. I could not believe what I had seen. It seemed impossible. I immediately turned to my daughter and asked her if she had seen anything and she said  she saw an upside down turtle shell.  She got the shape right.  The lower side was slightly more curved than the top side. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.8627;-122.4309
Bright moving star-like craft moved across the sky at low altitude wobbling-line course.;2011-06-17 03:15:00;20 minutes;Bright moving star-like craft moved across the sky at low altitude wobbling-line course. Appeared as a simple star and then began to decent to approximately 12 thousand feet.    One stationary orange/white light that contiguously was bright and steady.    The night sky was overwhelmingly clear and you could see moon-light upon craft from full moon. The craft silently made an approximate lineal direction, but moved around in smooth zig-zag like patterns that were not uniform, but fluid like someone casually drawing a line that would move up or down making wavy and smooth line-art. Its light then began to dim and then the craft was no longer visible, which was also illogical.;45.8627;-122.4309
