as if playing a game, kris crossed a number of times as if playing chase, or a game? This happened really quickly and then they faded o;2004-04-11 00:35:00;< 2 minutes;Im 24 and Im a 3rd year science student at NSAC. At approx. 1235am on April 11, 2004, I was outside having a smoke break. I looked straight up at the clear sky as I usually always do to star gaze. Immediately I noticed two objects at a high altitude, almost parallel, one lagging slightly behind the other travelling in a northern direction. They were moving very fast and were very faint, much less so than the stars and even less so than an airplane. Nor were they blinking and they were much larger than an airplane would have appeared at that height. the lagging object sped up to reach the other and then, as if playing a game, kris crossed a number of times as if playing chase, or a game? This happened really quickly and then they faded out of sight. This all occurred within a 1-1.30 minute time frame. I am wondering if you could direct me to the proper people who have access to radar files to verify this ? I have witnessed a strange sighting before, a number of years back when I was a teenager near Fredericton, NB. If it wasnt for that, I would have been a little more alarmed than I am presently. It was cool as hell actually! PLEASE HELP ME GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS ONE!!!! These guys were high, and moving quick. There is no frigging way that they were planes. And there was a total lack of sound involved, even after they faded as would normally happen with a plane. Thank you for your time.;45.37706;-63.25268
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Lights/points of light/oval shaped faint lights.;2004-04-11 00:39:00;-1.30 minute;Lights/points of light/oval shaped faint lights . Full Description of event/sighting: I already reported this sighting to local RCMP in Bible Hill, NS., but this was fantastic to see.  I'm 24 and a 3rd year science student . At approx. 12:35 a.m. on April 11, 2004, I was outside having a smoke break. I looked straight up at the clear sky as I usually always do to star gaze. Immediately I noticed two objects at a high altitude, almost parallel, one lagging slightly behind the other traveling in a northern direction. They were moving very fast and were very faint, much less so than the stars and even less so than an airplane. Nor were they blinking and they were much larger than an airplane would have appeared at that height. the lagging object sped up to reach the other and then, as if playing a game, kris crossed a number of times as if playing chase, or a game? This happened really quickly and then they faded out of sight.  This all occurred within a 1-1.30 minute time frame. I am wondering if you could direct me to the proper people who have access to radar files to verify this ? I have witnessed a strange sighting before, a number of years back when I was a teenager near Fredericton, NB. If it wasn't for that, I would have been a little more alarmed than I am presently. It was cool as hell actually! PLEASE HELP ME GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS ONE!!!! These guys were high, and moving quick. There is no frigging way that they were planes. And there was a total lack of sound involved, even after they faded as would normally happen with a plane. Thank you for your time.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com;45.37706;-63.25268
Glowing object in the sky over fireworks display.;2008-07-01 22:00:00;1/2 hr to 45 mins;Glowing object in the sky over fireworks display. My Wife and I were attending a firewaorks Display at a Ballfield in our hometown.  After the fireworks were over and most people had gone home, my wife and I were sitting on a blanket and I noticed a bright red and orange glowing ball about 1000 feet in front of us.  It moved  extremely slowly in a North Easterly direction.  I was close enough to see whatever was inside of this glowing ball was similiar to fire.  It also made a buzzing and hissing sound.  My partner and I watched this object move across the sky until it faded out of sight.  I am not sure if others had seen it however there were still a lot of cars leaving the ballfield so I believe someone must have noticed it?   The next day on my way to work, I heard on the radio (95.7 fm) some kids had seen a similiar object in the night sky in the there area after watchimng fireworks( about 100kms) away. I didnt think anymore on this subjct until I tread a report on your website on a similar incident.;45.37706;-63.25268
