Oval/ 1st was oval yellowsish red white glowing and gone. 2nd obj was white light like extremely brighter than a star.;2016-12-09 05:25:00;2-3 seconds;oval/ 1st was oval yellowsish red white glowing and gone. 2nd obj was white light like extremely brighter than a star. Went to light a smoke on my back deck.  Well having my morning coffe.  As i was about to light the smoke, I looked up.  As soon as I did, I seen at first glance what I thought to be a shooting star.  however this was NOT a shooting star.  It was Extremely low!!  I have seen many sstars and this WAS NOT one!  This was not one at all.It went slowly forward away from my position over head. a bit further away from me.  It was going slowly forward then BAM a bright light like a yellowish white fire flash, and it was gone.  Literately into thin air!!! Like it went hyper speed faster then the speed of sound.  Completely defying gravity!!  This was easily the most Insane, crazy thing I have EVER seen!  This made not only my year but changed everything. Im still in complete awe and shock at what I have just witnessed!!!!  I always thought the possibility was possble that ufo's were real, but NOW I fully believe!!!!It also left a sort of light casted behind it the same color as it!  It was an odd oval shape, with yellowish white/red light around it.   ALSO, perhaps there was a second object also,  It was there to the left it immediately appeared after i seen the first one.  it was a super bright white light hovering. unlike anything ive seen.  perhaps a bright star but most likely not.. its like they knew i seen the first one then immediately put a spotter on me!  It felt like the light of the second object was starting into my soul from like 3 km away! I honestly could NOT look away it was weird! so so so inasane .. like the chances that i went out at that eexact moment in time must be one in a billion!! im still in shock!  UPDATE FROM LAST SENT-- IT WAS TODAY THE 9th NOT the 6th THAT WAS A TYPO!!!;45.37706;-63.25268
