Highly polished shuttle looking craft which hovered  at high altitude in the air directly above me;1996-04-15 14:00:00;15 minutes;Highly polished shuttle looking craft which hovered  at high altitude in the air directly above me I went down to Recreation Park there in Monrovia in April of 1996 to play some tennis.  It was a beautiful clear spring day in Southern California.   I got to the park but there wasn't anyone to play with.  So, I started hitting the ball up against the wall and waited until someone showed up to play.  I threw the ball up in the air to practice some serves and something directly above me caught my eye.  I thought it was a plane at first, but the thing wasn't moving.  I've always been into planes since I was a kid, so it struck me odd that this plane wasn't moving.  It had to be at an altitude of about 1 to 2 miles up and nothing that I knew of could hover at that altitude.   I was very much dumbstruck and at the same time extremely curious.  Why wasn't this thing moving.   I looked around to call to someone to witness this, I didn't care if it was a stranger or not.  But, there was no one around within 100 yards of me.  I was very confused about this.   I laid down on the court on my back so that I could better examine what it was, because it was directly above me.  It had the shape similar to that of space shuttle turned upside down with it's bay doors open.  I remember wishing that I had a pair of binoculars so that I could see it better.  I remember it was highly polished like stainless steel and the sun was reflecting off from it brightly.   I had to have laid there for 5 to 10 minutes.  It just stuck there.  I almost got the feeling that it was looking at me looking at it.  I went to get up and took my eye off from it for a split second and it was gone.   I was so struck that I forgot my tennis racket at the courts as I jogged home to tell my family.  When I told them what I saw, they didn't seem to believe me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date in April 1996 is approximate.  PD));34.1483192660556;-118.001561467892
