8inch clear sphere observed closely in the middle of the day for approximately 3 minutes;2004-06-30 13:30:00;3min;8inch clear sphere observed closely in the middle of the day for approximately 3 minutes It was around 1:30 pm on a warm sunny day . My friend and I had just cut down an old avocado tree in the parking lot behind my dentist office and were cleaning up the rest of the mess on the ground .  I had a rake and he had a broom .  He was to the north of me about 40 to 50 feet . There were tall trees on my left.  As I was standing there , I noticed a 8 inch sphere descending from the tree top right over me .  I first thought it was some kids blowing soap bubble until it got closer to me . It was no soap bubble . Perfectly clear , and round with no distortion . it was now about a foot from me and circled around and dipped down on me . I fell to my knees cause i didn't know what it was . It made no sound , had no means of propulsion , and maneuvers like someone was controlling it . Well it circled around about 5 times just a foot over our heads and I said to my friend &ltstare at it , get a good image burnt in your head so you wont forget . We did . I! know for a fact what I saw was real . Its been hard to find anyone we could tell and get some action or response from so i just let it go . After reading and watching all these stories about people seeing things , its mostly at nite and briefly . I'm telling you all that we are and are being observed by something because this thing maneuvered and flew around watching us and left when my friend waved the broom like he was going to hit it . This thing was only traveling about 2 miles an hour so we had plenty of time to observe it . I wwould really like to discuss this with someone cause im tired of wasting my time filling out these reports that go nowhere. It is possible to have an aircraft of some sort fly around with no motor , no sound , no wings , and I truly think its like a satellite or the things we send out to other planets but wway more advanced . I hope that this gets the attention it deserves . I dont't look for these things and unfortunately didn't have means to ! take any photos but my word is honest and true and I will take! any lie detecter test you have to prove it .;34.1483192660556;-118.001561467892
