Above clouds,red light,moved very slow,it looked about as high as vapor trail from a jet.Cloud cover kept any ....;2009-07-06 22:10:00;5 min.;Above clouds,red light,moved very slow,it looked about as high as vapor trail from a jet.Cloud cover kept any .... We live about ten miles from airport,at time of sighting,sound of jet could be heard,seemed to more than one, airplsne was not circling and could not be seen.;43.6065693524455;-83.9464212555625
Very bright white light low over Saginaw Bay, MI.;2011-06-13 02:00:00;30-50 Minutes;Very bright white light low over Saginaw Bay, MI. This object first caught my attention because it was so bright I could see it through the closed blinds of my window.  I live on the water of Saginaw Bay and this object was so low to horizon that I first thought it was some kind of Coast Guard boat because it had blue light as well as a bright white light.   When I first came outside to look at it through my binoculars the bright white light faded to a dark amber color it moved slowly out into the bay randomly flashing very brightly.  It did not flash at regular intervals like most lights out on the bay, it behaved as if were on a dimmer switch.   When it began moving back inland I got more curious because that's a very strange thing for any watercraft out on the bay to do especially this late at night.  It would move slowly out into the bay then back again several times.   This light was several miles away very low to the horizon and when at its brightest it was lighting the ground on the beach in front of m! y house.   Now the story gets more interesting, the light which moved slowly until now began moving at high speed out into the bay, much faster than any boat could move.   I woke up my Father at this point so he could come take a look at it also.   I went back to my binoculars and as my Father was walking out the object faded in brightness, again as if on a dimmer switch.   At this point my Dad and I noticed a helicopter flying out into the bay towards the direction of the UFO.  The helicopter began flying what I assume was a search pattern in the area near where I had just seen it fade away.  It did this for awhile then flew quickly north and back again to near where the object disappeared. and began to appear to search again.   The helicopter then flew away to the east, the UFO never reappeared.  I should mention this object was also red at times including while it was moving at high speed out into the bay.   There was an obvious difference in the helicopter searching the area and! this UFO.  The way it changed direction and sometimes appeared to hov er indicates to me that it was either another helicopter with lights I've never seen before or something unidentified.   The blue light coming from this object when I first saw it seemed to blink erratically, and from then on there were no blinking lights on the object.;43.6065693524455;-83.9464212555625
