Rotating triangular lights fly overhead, stops and hovers in sky for 30 min before taking off at extremely high speeds.;2004-09-15 21:45:00;45 minutes;Rotating triangular lights fly overhead, stops and hovers in sky for 30 min before taking off at extremely high speeds. At around 9:45 p.m. on a clear starry night me and a friend were waiting outside my house for his older brother to pick him up.  He was messing around on his skateboard while I was sitting on the curb.  After he messed up a trick he was working on he looks up to the sky and says, Is that what I think it is?!  I look up to see three white lights in the shape of a right triangle flying directly over my head moving from west to east, rotating slowly clockwise.  It was travelling at a speed faster than a helicopter but slower than an airplane.  It made absoutely no noise and blocked the stars behind it.  It is hard to judge size and altitude of the craft but I would guess around 15-25 feet from point to point. After it got to a point in the sky it stopped moving, but kept rotating in place slowly drifting around.  We watched it for a good 15 minutes when my friend's brother showed up in his car.  I ran to him and told him to turn off the car and look at this.  After a minute of trying to point it out (it was rather hard to see at this point on account of how bright the stars were and how far away it was) we realized that me and my friend were actually watching two different crafts that everyone could see, both hovering and rotating. 10 minutes after the 3 of us watched the crafts, one just randomly vanishes, while the other's lights turned to a red/brown color (maroon?) and took off extremely fast heading north. But that wasn't the end of it! 	Freaked out, we kept staring at the sky for another 30 minutes or so before we spotted 4 white lights in the shape of a trapezoid once again going from east to west, the lights slowly moving in and out of the shape of the craft.  This one didn't stop to hover at all it just kept moving until it was out of sight. Shortly after my next door neighbor pulls up seeing us staring at the sky and starts asking questions.  It didn't take long for him to start talking about his various UFO experiences and then again we saw more lights like the trapezoid, except this time it was two groups of two lights acting the same way the first one did, moving closer then further together. Well we stuck around for awhile long staring at the sky talking about the occurance trying to rule out any explanations.  It was spring time and geese will  fly in formations similar to what we saw the last three crafts.  Shortly after that came up we actually saw geese flying not east to west, but south to north.  They were slower, loud, and not pulsing in and out like we saw before. Three years later, around the same time in the year, I was working at a restaurant in the same town.  It was about 11 or so at night and I out back taking a smoke break when I actually saw two more pairs of two lights pulsing in and out, heading east to west just as I saw on the night that I had just described. I would also like to note that about 100 miles west of where this all happened is a military base.;46.9208;-98.745
