A opening in space that formed a hole from which I could see many flying objects keeping the hole open.;2012-11-08 21:30:00;over a hour;A opening in space that formed a hole from which I could see many flying objects keeping the hole open. I went outside to feed my cats at around 21:30 and living out in the country I have very few lights so I have a clear view of the sky.  As I bent over to put cat food in the cat’s bowls I saw a streak of light from the corner of my eye as I was beginning to bend over.  I looked up and the first thing I saw was how bright the planet Jupiter was and then I saw another blast of light which pinpointed where the first light I saw had come from. I stood there in awe with my mouth open because I could not believe what I was seeing.  It was a clear night with a few clouds and a soft breeze blowing and what I saw was a hole in the sky.  It was dark outside but enough light to show that clouds were around this hole but not blocking it. Inside this hole which almost seemed like looking through a tunnel, it was very clear through it almost like it really wasn’t our sky.  It was full of dancing lights that moved around all over the place and once in awhile they moved together in synch.   One more time I saw a blast of light come from something inside this hole that exited and seemed to go into our clouds.   The beam looked like this:   --------- --   ------   -- -------- -- ------------ -- ------------- -- -----------.    It was long and short beams going in a straight line. No sounds were ever heard during all this.  Most of the lights were red and white with a slight amber color on one. It seemed they were working on keeping this hole open and around the outside portion of the hole in what I think were clouds they seemed to be manipulating the clouds or something into something that would appear alive.  In other words, the outside of the hole along with the inside of the hole seemed like a living entity. It moved very fluently as if looking around. I totally could not believe this and I ran in the house and called my parents to see if they saw anything from where they live 20 miles away. My dad said he saw something in the east but I told what I was watching was South East I went to my neighbors across the road and they stepped out and I had to point it out to them where to look. They both stood there in amazement and couldn’t believe it either how these bright dancing lights moved inside, and how the outer portions of the hole would move as if it were alive. At that moment two packs of coyotes started to howl and my neighbor’s wife went in the house. I came back to my place and called my dad and then I went out to see if the hole was still there. It was, but this time much fainter and fewer lights are in it. I can handle lights in a tunnel like hole but it bothered me how it was forming shapes that almost seemed humanoid at times.  The best way I can describe it is think of yourself as a tiny ant inside a hollow egg.  Someone comes along and drills a hole in the egg and puts his eye up to the egg to see the ant inside. The ant would see you and see you moving from his perspective outside that hole. That is what it looked like to me.  A giant peephole with something holding this hole open manipulating the area around it and then moving this animated matter in the shape of an animal or human reaching and grabbing things. If the bible is true and they say god will open the heavens and you will see him then I think I just saw a practice run, because I still don’t believe what I saw, but I did, and it’s disturbing on;42.1647;-94.2733
