Black, triangular UFO over a small central Illinois town.;2009-11-28 22:50:00;10 seconds;Black, triangular UFO over a small central Illinois town. Three of my friends and I were sitting outside on the trampoline in my backyard. We live downtown in Petersburg, IL. It's a very small town, but there are enough nearby shops and streetlights that light pollution can be fairly bad. Nevertheless, we are usually able to see stars and such, which makes stargazing on clear days (like this) one of our favorite pastimes. It was just past 10:50 p.m. when my friend started pointing northwest in the sky and yelling What is that?! We all looked up and noticed three brownish objects gliding through the sky, forming a perfect triangle. For a second, I thought they might be birds, but they were way too still and uniformly spaced. They were also way to low, dimly lit, and fast to be any sort of aircraft I know. The triangle itself blended with the sky behind it, but my friend said he would see the stars behind it disappearing when the triangle passed under them. It took maybe five, ten seconds to completely pass across the sky, and it was completely noiseless. My friends and I were amazed. A few minutes after it passed, I remembered the air force base about 30 minutes (by car) southeast of us - the direction that the Unidentified Flying Object was headed. I'm still looking to hear if anybody else noted these same sightings.;40.0109;-89.8438
its was 10:52 pm three brownish-orange circles with a dark center appeared in a triangular formation for around ten seconds.;2009-11-28 22:52:00;10 seconds;its was 10:52 pm three brownish-orange circles with a dark center appeared in a triangular formation for around ten seconds. Three of my friends and I were laying down on a trampoline at one of the friend's house at 10:52 PM. It was a pretty moonlit night. We were all looking at the stars and then one person declares, Oh my God!  In the sky, we see three circles, a brownish orange in color, flying from the north-west. The were in a triangular formation, flying equidistant from each other. In between the circles was black and whenever it passed a star, you were not able to see the stars. It was also noiseless. It lasted for around ten seconds before it disappeared in the south-east direction.;40.0109;-89.8438
3 orange lights fly over petersburg Illinois;2009-11-28 22:52:00;10-15 seconds;3 orange lights fly over petersburg Illinois At about 10:52 PM in Downtown Petersburg, Illinois I and 3 other witnesses all saw the same UFO flying overhead.  It covered about 50 degrees of the sky in no more than 10 seconds.  It was triangular in shape with an orange glowing light on each point of the triangle.  It had absolutely no sound as it passed through the sky.  During the time it was flying overhead my friends and I were able to determine that it was nothing man made. It passed overhead from a direction of Northwest and flew southeast until we couldn’t see it due to light pollution of fast food signs.  The lights at first made me think that it was a collection of birds, but upon realizing that they were all too uniformly spaced to be anything of the sort.  It was amazing how fast it was flying because right after we looked a plane and it appeared to be going at least 10 times faster than the plane. The size in comparison to the moon was about 3 moons in the area of a triangle.  The area between the three lights blocked out the stars behind it.  It was like nothing I have ever seen in my life. There is no other way to explain it.  It was a large triangle shaped craft of some sort that moved swiftly through the sky and made absolutely no sound.;40.0109;-89.8438
