Around 10:00 pm I went out to my porch to smoke, and looked up at I believe was Jupiter in the southeast sky. My eyes then caught a gro;2008-07-24 22:00:00;1 hour/ longer;Around 10:00 pm I went out to my porch to smoke, and looked up at I believe was Jupiter in the southeast sky. My eyes then caught a group of lights in the sky due south and 30&#730 above the horizon and was motionless. I ran inside and grabbed a 9x rifle scope and my fiance and this object did not move.It was way to high to be a helicopter and was still had no definition.;40.5488;-75.9874
3 steady white lights with flashing red and green lights over Berks County, Pa.;2012-06-27 22:45:00;10 minutes;3 steady white lights with flashing red and green lights over Berks County, Pa. The night of June 27th, 2012 at around 10:45 P.M. I went outside for a cigarette and to watch the stars as I do several times every night when I spotted what I thought was a plane.  I was facing west and this thing was hovering about 35 to 40 degrees off the horizon and seemed closer than an aircraft should be (maybe about a quarter mile away if not closer).  But, the more I stared at it I noticed that it had 3 horizontal white lights in a straight line with red and green lights underneath flashing at a very fast rate.  The 3 white lights did not blink and I could see them lit the entire time and remained in a straight line.  The object was moving slowly but strangely. I went inside to grab my binoculars and came back out and the object was still hovering in about the same spot but, doing a circular motion and moving up and down and sideways.  I focused the binoculars on it and played with the zoom in and out trying to get a clear look when I noticed the 3 white lights started to turn vertically and then kept turning until it did a 360 degree turn.  This is when I went inside and told my husband to come outside.  He tried using the binoculars and even went inside to get his hunting spotting scope but could not get a perfect view of it since we have a light on a pole close to our deck which makes it harder to see the sky.  He still thought it was a strange sight and not a plane. I had a better view of it since I was a little further away from that pole lamp. We watched it for several minutes before it finally took off slowly and finally went behind a tree where we could still see some white lights through the leaves before it finally d! isappeared from our view. The whole episode must have lasted about 10 minutes and I could never get a clear view of the body of the object because the green and red lights were flashing so bright and fast (and I was shaking a bit)  but it seemed to have a dark (maybe black, gray or silver) body.  I could not tell the shape of the body but if I had to guess it appeared to be cigar or disc shape.  I have never seen anything like this in my entire life.  Every night I watch the planes, stars, planets, satellites and occasionally shooting stars in the sky and am very familiar with objects in the night sky but this was a new experience for me.  It was both exciting and a bit scary.;40.5488;-75.9874
