Very large triangular object, no lights, no sound,  extreme acceleration.;2001-06-17 02:30:00;3-5 minutes;Very large triangular object, no lights, no sound,  extreme acceleration. Observed 2 miles north of Eads, CO. Size: approximately 3000 meters in length, 2000 meters in width, 200 meters in height(unless we incorrectly judged its distance from us, i.e. it could have been much, much larger) Shape: triangular Color: black/dark gray Other features: discernible texture to the object, similar to drywall Rate of movement: Initially, appx 10 knots (again, depends on our judgement of the distance between us and it), then accelerated in excess of 1400 knots (based on estimate of one of the witnesses, a retired F-15E pilot) Location/Distance of object in relation to observers: Initially passed directly overhead flying south almost parallel to US Hwy 287. Object appeared to be at an extremely low altitude 500-1000 feet. (We had the feeling we could almost reach up and touch it) Activity of object: moved very slowly until near the end of observation (appx 5 minutes), at which time it accelerated at an extremely high rate of speed, needing no more than 2 seconds to be beyond visibility. The object maintained a constant altitude during the observed time. Background of observers: 2 retired Army, 1 Retired Air Force. All 3 are currently defense contractors employed in the Colorado Springs area. None of us have ever before observed any thing of this nature, nor do we know of any military or non-military technology that even comes close to what we observed. Note: no photos or video, but we are working with a local artist, so a sketch will be sent soon. ((NUFORC Note:  We are somewhat confused by this report.  It was submitted by a seemingly credible source, but the individual disclaimed any knowledge of the report when we contacted him at the return e-mail address supplied with the original report.  We are confused, and uncertain as to the validity of the report, but we provide it here, nevertheless.  PD));38.4408;-102.5549
