My friend and I saw three orange-red circles in a linear fashion in the sky one evening which was not moving nor making any sound.;1985-10-15 19:00:00;15 minutes?;My friend and I saw three orange-red circles in a linear fashion in the sky one evening which was not moving nor making any sound. I want to make it clear that I do not remember exact dates or times so, I will try to get as close as I can.  My friend and I were about 14 years old.  We were wrestling in a neighbors yard as we did often.  I had my friend pinned down and he was fighting to get up.  All of the sudden, he froze and stared into the sky directly behind me.  I turned around and saw three orange-red circles in a linear fashion.  This object was not moving nor did it make any sound.  It would have been approximately 50 yards in the sky at about a  45 degree angle.  After a few seconds, the object starting moving towards a wooded area about 300 yards away.  We followed it to the woods.  I probably would have never mentioned this except for the strange events that followed.  I honestly do not remember anything after we got to the woods.  I do not remember going home and as far as I can remember, my friend and I have never talked about the incident.  I remember one time mentioning the event in the presence of others and was stopped short of telling the story by the friend that was with me.  The part that has always stuck with me is the way he looked at me.  It actually frightened me and still does to this day.  I have always wanted to ask him about the event but, I always “chickened out.”  After that incident, I did not mention the event to anyone for at least 9 years.  I, of course, leave out the details of the mystery of the event to the 10 people I have told.  I just say the object disappeared past the woods.  I do not want people to think I am crazy but, I just cannot get the event out of my head.  I just felt I needed to say something.  I have started to report this incident many times but, always erase it and try to forget about it.  The comical thing about me reporting this is the fact that I never planned on doing so.  I wonder how many people out there never do report their stories.  I know of a few that never did.  I bet you would have at least twenty times more reports filed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));35.1587;-85.2163
Comet looking object.  Probably a Centaur rocket fuel dump.  ((NUFORC Note:  Missile venting fuel in space.  PD));2007-12-10 19:00:00;over 5 minutes;Comet looking object.  Probably a Centaur rocket fuel dump. We walked outside to get in the car and my son asked Daddy, is that Venus in the sky?  I thought it was comet Holmes, so I told him that, No, that is a comet!  It must have become brighter again!  On our way to eat, we called a few people, none of them were able to see it from their vantage point.  When we got back about an hour later, it was gone.  Just plain gone. I do know what a comet looks like, as I was an astronomy teaching assistant for four years.  This object was about the width of the moon, about three moons in length (full moons) and the 'points' were about as bright as Jupiter.  The 'tail' was clearly visible, but spread out in a cone shape.  I looked on the internet, and found out that there was a There was a Centaur rocket fuel dump this evening that was supposed to look like a short lived comet.  What we saw matched this description, but we do not know where in the sky the fuel dump was to be seen.  We saw this in between Perseus, Auriga, and Camelopardalis.  About. The object did not appear to move, and was white in color. I am 38 and have a PhD in physics.  My wife is 34 and is a homemaker.  My two boys are 7 and 6 years old. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile venting fuel in space.  Witness is correct.  PD));35.1587;-85.2163
V-shaped lights hovered still, disappeared, then took off.;2016-12-16 22:20:00;2 minutes;V shaped lights hovered still, disappeared, then took off. V shaped - many tiny lights in a V shape sitting still below clouds in Hidden Harbor s/d.  Lights suddenly disappeared just to reappear seconds later then object began to move fast heading in direction of chickamauga dam.  Object around the size of a large passenger plane, but the lights were just a whole bunch of tiny lights that formed a V shape.  Noticed while out driving around looking at Christmas lights. I've never seen anything like this in my life nor am I an avid Ufo Hunter of any kind. It was simply just there.;35.1587;-85.2163
