Two bright lights that dimmed fast;2008-09-27 22:30:00;2 Minutes;Two bright lights that dimmed fast Two bright lights in the sky that maintained the same distance from each other. Than they were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.7454;-86.1387000000001
Bright red light over Granger, IN;2010-06-25 22:20:00;1 minute;Bright red light over Granger, IN We live in a neighborhood in the county, away from town.  We're right where the Indiana and Michigan state lines meet, and also where St. Joseph and Elkhart counties in Indiana meet.  There were no clouds in the sky and it was about an hour after sunset. We were outside doing fireworks for the kids when my daughter said look, a UFO!  I thought she had seen a plane but when I looked, there was a very bright red light in the east, less than 10 degrees above the horizon and I would guess about 5 miles from us. The light moved from east to west, right toward us.  It only took about 20 seconds to get to us, and it grew in size very quickly.  At its closest, I'd say it was the size of a dime held at arm's length.  There were no flashing lights but it was giving off a VERY bright red light from what appeared to be inside.  It was the most incredible red, like a massive Christmas tree light but it didn't really flicker.  It wasn't just a glowing light because we could see there was some structure to it by the way the light didn't come from beneath it.  There was no sound at all, even at it's closest, which I'd guess to be less than 1/2 mile away. After it got to its closest point to us, it changed direction and turned 90 degrees to its right and headed north over southern Cass county, Michigan.  An airplane would have had to make an arc to change direction.  This thing simply stopped moving west and started heading north.  We clearly knew it wasn't a meteor, which would have been much faster and kept going straight.  I went into the house to get the video camera but I couldn't find the buttons to start it up.  Within 20 seconds after it turned, the object was out of sight.  As it flew away, it appeared to rise a little in the sky and the light rapidly grew faint as it flew away.  My wife tried to get pictures with her still camera but we captured nothing. All four of us are absolutely certain it wasn't an airplane or helicopter, by the way it moved, the bright red light, and the fact there was no sound even as close as it got to us.  We have no explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.7454;-86.1387000000001
Light high up in the sky passed through a small cloud and didn't come out the other side.;2020-06-06 21:53:00;seconds;Light high up in the sky passed through a small cloud and didn't come out the other side. My husband wanted to show me the strawberry moon tonight.   We went outside the house but couldn't see the moon.  My husband asked for my iPhone to upload the stars app to see where the moon was positioned.  I was looking up and was distracted by light moving high up in the sky, too far up for it to be a plane and there were no blinking lights.   I asked my husband to look and he said it was probably a satellite.  We both waited to see it again as it passed through a small cloud, it didn't pass through as expected and we didn't see it again.  We both looked at each other.  We found the position of the moon, it was too low to see because of the trees.  He also looked to see what satellites might have been in the area or planes using an iPhone app.  There were no satellites or planes in our area at that time.  Direction  S to E.;41.7454;-86.1387000000001
