Formation of 7 red-orange lights seen by 1 person on SR-520 Eastbound near Redmond Washington.;2013-09-25 20:04:00;4 minutes;Formation of 7 red-orange lights seen by 1 person on SR-520 Eastbound near Redmond Washington. On 8:04 PM of September 25th 2013, I was on State Route 520 Eastbound towards Redmond/Avondale when I looked southward, past Marymoor Park in the sky were seven objects.  These objects were above the horizon, and were too high in the sky to be lights in the Marymoor Soccer Fields or streetlights on one of the hills that surround Redmond.  The reason I determined that the lights were not in Marymoor Park was the fact that they were bright enough to be seen past the lights on the soccer fields which were bright enough to drown out the stars and most other light source beyond them.  These objects were in two groups, four in one, three in another.  The four were higher up in the sky, and were in a finger-four formation, the other three were lower and in a triangle formation.  The objects were red-orange lights, and shined steadily rather than blinking.  All the objects were identical.  Also, the objects did not seem to be moving however, they could have been at v! ery high altitude and moving slowly, or the fact that I was in a moving vehicle at the time of the sighting meant that I couldn’t observe the UFOs moving. I believe that they are UFOs because I cannot see any other reasonable explanation.  The objects were bright enough to be seen over the floodlights of Marymoor Park, discounting the possibility of them being stars or planets.  Unlike planes, these objects did not have any other lights other than the red-orange light that allowed me to see them they did not have the red and green lights on the wings, and they did not have any white lights on the nose.  I believe that the objects cannot be blimps or hot-air balloons because, I have never seen or heard of seven light-than-air aircraft flying in such precise formation at any time, much less at night.  I do not believe that the objects are helicopters because, one I heard no sounds from the helicopter’s rotor blades, also, the helicopters did not have any sort of lights on. I have thought of one possibility of what these lights are, other than UFOs of course:  I think that the lights could be afterburners on military aircraft, perhaps out of Mcchord Air Force Base south of Tacoma, Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, or a base in Oregon or Idaho.  The fact that the lights were south of Redmond, towards the Mcchord Air Force Base area, could support this thesis.  However, if they were aircraft, they were not sporting any lights other than their afterburners, which is dangerous to say the least.  Some conspiracy theorists might say that the government was conducting “hush-hush” testing at Mcchord Air Force Base.  I think the military would not do that, for one reason.  Airspace around Mcchord is busy if a secret military test was being conducted in the area of the sighting, the testers would risk a collision with another airliner.  I would think that the military would conduct such testing at an area like Area 51 or Edwards Air Force Base.  Therefore, I believe my alternate theory of it being a military jet in afterburner to be unlikely.;47.6699220000002;-122.119004
