White light varying in intensity at going bright then dim across sky, then changeing to white, red, and blue in rapid succession appea;2002-09-24 19:30:00;19:43;White light varying in intensity at going bright then dim across sky, then changeing to white, red, and blue in rapid succession appea I was working at the gas station, I went out for a cigarette it was 7:30pm. I was Faceing west, I happend to look around at the night sky. A light straight ahead of me at about 30 degrees (it was small about half the size of a pencil erassor if you hold it in front of you) I am guessing it was pretty far away. It was white but got bright and then went dim to the point of not seeing it in the sky and then got bright again. about 2 to 3 seconds in between dark and bright. i watched it move south for about 2 minutes. I also asked a man who was filling up his truck if he was seeing what i was seeing. his response was  Hmm that is a weird looking plane isn't it. I then had to wait on 2 costomers and went outside around 7:43pm and looked in the area i had last seen it. the light seemed to have gotten smaller and was flashing from white to red and then blue extremely fast. It stayed in the same spot for about 5 mins  I had called my mother (she lives close to where i work) then I went outside and waited for my mom. Itstarted to moved north in the same degree and path that the White light moved except in the oppisite direction. my mom had arrived and looked at it and she thought it was a slow moveing plane.;43.727;-87.8237
Yellow/orange ball of ligt with NO sound.;2011-07-04 22:25:00;1 min;Yellow/orange ball of ligt with NO sound. I was not alone in seeing this, my 2 kids and a friend all saw it. it was a bright yellow/orange light moving south west to north east.  I first saw it while driving about a block from my house in sheboygan falls.  the size of it didnt seem to make sense as it seemed quite large. I quickly pulled into my driveway and got out in time to see it passing overhead there was abolutely no sound.  I was really pretty astonished at what we were seeing and not hearing any sound at all. I have seen from time to time airplanes with landing lights on, but that was not what this was. The light color and intensity was the same going away from us as it was as it approached, as well as when it passed drirectly over us I know that often times these things are explainable, but this was very unusual. Infact as we stood there trying to figure out what we had seen, we could see and hear a prop plane at a higher altitude heading straight south, it was very obvious what that was. I am convinced what we saw was something very unusual. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.727;-87.8237
