Triangle or like a privates patch on its edge with no third  end,;2020-04-26 22:00:00;10 minutes;Triangle or like a privates patch on its edge with no third  end, I helped my in laws that live in Sequin Texas with some chores they couldnt do, and left about 8:30 at night and was still a few miles outside of the small town of Marion Texas on hwy fm 78 when what looked like a quarter miles ahead of me on the right side of the road it caught my eye, I looked closer and there was a triangle coming across the field and went over the telephone wires that run along the railroad track at what seemed like the speed of a hot air ballon and there was no sound yet, but as I got closer it was as if it was anti gravity because it would have fell out of the sky going that slow.  So it crossed the wires and the ditch at a 90 degree angle to the highway crossed the highway , then across the ditch on my left side but still maybe five hundred feet ahead of me and as soon as it crossed the left side ditch it turned like a fish a 90 degree turn to the right and was going parallel with the road but i was speeding up and it seemed to mimic my speed and there was a grove of trees and when I got through them I could not see it any more until i got to the town of Cibilo texas and it turned down the road that goes past the police station but I couldnt make the turn and of course thats when I finally thought to get my cell phone out and try to get a video.  So here I am doing about 10 miles an hour looking at the sky through my windshield and I pass a police on the side of the road looking like what the hell is this guy doing ??  So that was the last time I saw it.  I thought it  must be something the military was doing cause there is many air bases in the area.  But how could that thing move so slow crossing the road and not stall?  Description  was simple it looked like a arrow on edge with the top angle lit up but not the bottom and the light was like a very classy glow as if all florecent from the point all the way up to the  upper part of the top angle. so you could see it from the front but when it crossed the st! reet and turned I could barely see the glow like a aura . I al! ways fel t like if a ufo came from another planet , if they had that technical knowledge I doubt very seriously that they would need lights to get around at night and those lights did not light their path anyway it was merely a bright glow and I doubt that they follow FAA rules that they have to have lights  and also it didnt try to hide one bit in fact on the radio next morning I heard them say some lady reported seeing it too. I did see it and followed it , it was amazing what ever aircraft it was. I didnt see any exhaust from a motor and there was no sound at all and they didnt care if they were seen,so either the military has a very cool aircraft or we got company, I m going with military .;29.5708;-98.1483
