I think I saw either an alien transport or God doing something wonderful.;1977-10-05 22:00:00;30 min;I think I saw either an alien transport or God doing something wonderful. Two of my friends and I were waiting for another to get home and were in our car. I happened to be watching the full moon and mentioned how beautiful it was along with the night, when I saw what appeared to be a glass cylinder comming from behind the moon and was only visible because of it. As the moon shone down and it just appeared to wisp upon whatever invisible material the cylinder was made of.It looked like glass but we know thats impossible, so it would be as a molecular structure that I knew nothing of. We went searching for the end of it as it seemed to touch the earth. We dorve a little way,maybe 1/8 of a mile and it seemed to end in the woods.We were in a semi-country neighborhood so we just couldnt go trapesing in the trees and leave our vehicle and it was fascinating. As we tried to find a closer entrance to the woods , it started to fill with what appeared to be smoke,and the amazing thing was the steam never left the confines of the cylinder,even though it was invisible except for the steam it held. The steam began rising and as we got to a better viewing area the steam turned darker like smoke and the cyinder kept it's three dimensional shape thill the smoke became totally black and the cylinder started to rise simultaneously it became more two demensional and looked like a telephone pole in sillouette and then became like a solid object and seemed to pass in front of the moon,rise up further,then cross the moon and move out of sight. We all forgot it till years later and my one buddy has passed away and he had finally remembered it.My other buddy is still around, we are just kids around 52 and 48. We always wanted to share it but for some strange reason we let it go.I have often wanted to call NASA and see if others may have saw it.I know it was not of this Earth. It could have been a soul being lifted to Heaven or an Angel transporting. It could have been a molecular transference.(beam me up Scotty )lol. Seriously, this has always amazed me and I saw the show and had to share this. Sincerely, G. B. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.0855835970022;-81.5319925895085
