Bright white or illuminated disks moving rapidly side to side on the horizon.;1981-07-30 23:00:00;5 minutes;Bright white or illuminated disks moving rapidly side to side on the horizon. I saw 4 to 5 bright white or illuminated disk shaped objects that moved very rapidly side to side from one side over the low horizon in the clear night sky  over what appeared to be long distance.  Witnessed from a bedroom window overlooking a vacant field and rural countryside.  I have often thought about this event as witnesses by myself and my grandfather. I was visiting my grandparents home on the river in Carnation.  It was a long time ago and I have wanted to tell the story in case anyone else witnessed anything similar. The date listed is not accurate but it was around 1980-81. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));47.6377;-121.9124
Saucer shaped aircraft with lights going around the rim. Took off at an angle.;2001-08-25 21:00:00;2 Minuets;Saucer shaped aircraft with lights going around the rim.  Took off at an angle. I was at a summer camp and my unit was camping out at Horse Country in one of the rings. I was very restless and could not sleep.  I had a feeling that something was wrong.  As I laid there and tried to sleep I heard a loud buzzing.  t first I thought it was wasps, who live out there, but I realized that the buzzing sounded as if it were coming from the woods. It got louder and louder.  Then I saw bright flashes of white light emanating from the woods. The light was so bright I had to shield my eyes.  All I saw was flashing.  And as I continued to look I saw a saucer shaped aircraft with multi-colored lights going around the rim.  The body looked to be gold colored.  Then it took off at an angle.  The craft looked quite large from my location.  There was no sound.  It was just silent.  After the craft took off everything went back to normal. The light was gone and the buzzing had ceased. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));47.6377;-121.9124
