Any Update?;2004-09-01 22:00:00;1 min;Any Update? I was wondering if anyone had any input on what I previously reported.  It was a report of three 'dots' at an altitude of at least satellite height.  Looked at them through night vision and got a better look?  I would appreciate some kind of possible answers or ideas.  Thanks  Mike;40.761;-86.7557
Three dots of light in Earth's orbit moving east and then disappeared.;2004-09-04 21:30:00;15-20 Seconds;Three dots of light in Earth's orbit moving east and then disappeared. I'm sure there is a logical explaination for this: While star gazing and also watching for satellites and comparing with a website which tracks near earth objects, I noticed three dots , not UFO's (for lack of a better description) and they were in a 'formation'.  One was in the lead, the other two were following, one on either side.  As I watched, I turned on my night vision to possibly get a better look.  Looking through the night vision, I confirmed the three objects and noted that they seemed to be travling either East or maybe away from earth. They were not moving really fast or anything, just moving enough that you could tell they were not stars.  They were definately not in our atmosphere, WAY UP. Anyway, the one behind and to the right of the lead one began overtaking the lead one and then they dimmed out into nothing, disappeared, whatever.  I don't know.  What was it?  You Tell Me?  The NEO website did not show three things that were supposed to be together in that area of the sky at that time.  I don't believe there are aliens prowling around, I don't believe in them at all. I'm Christian.  If there were, I believe there would be better evidence than what there currently is.  One problem I have with UFO sightings is this, If these beings are so advanced and traveled so far to get here to our insignificant planet, then why do they need running lights on there space craft?  Don't you think they would be able to move around in the dark without being seen?  I just want an idea what this could really be.  Can anyone help me with this? ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Any Update? I was wondering if anyone had any input on what I previously reported.  It was a report of three 'dots' at an altitude of at least satellite height.  Looked at them through night vision and got a better look?  I would appreciate some kind of possible answers or ideas.  Thanks  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a sighting of what are thought to be part of the U. S. Navy NOSS satellite system.  PD));40.761;-86.7557
((NUFORC Note:  Witness includes no informtion.  PD));2019-06-27 10:49:00;10 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  Witness includes no informtion.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.761;-86.7557
