Pulsing white light travelling extremely fast from West to East;1990-11-01 11:00:00;5-7 seconds;Pulsing white light travelling extremely fast from West to East Last night, I was listening to a late-night radio call in show (Coast to Coast) and they had someone on the show from the National UFO reporting center.  One of the recent reports shared on the show was almost identical to what I experience in the late Fall of 1990, and I feel compelled to share my experience. In approximately November of 1990, I was travelling across the state of North Dakota.   The event happened at approximately 11:00pm near Tappen, ND.  I was travelling West on I-94 in my Chevrolet Citation on my way back to school.   It was a Sunday night. The event began and ended in about a 5-7 second time span.    As I travelling West-bound,  I noticed a bright pulsing light on the horizon.  As best my memory can recall, I’d say it was pulsing about 2x per second.    It began on the West horizon, and then the next thing I knew it was near me and then, as quick as it came upon me, I saw it disappear in my rear view mirror as quick as I saw it coming. A few things I remember vividly.  It seemed as though it was travelling relatively low.  If I had to guess, I’d say somewhere between 2000-5000 feet above ground (but that’s just a guess).  Secondly, it was a pulsing bright, white light.   It pulsed at a rate of about 2x per second.   The speed at which it was travelling seemed relatively constant.  It appeared on my horizon quickly, became a little brighter as it came upon my location and then was less brighter again as it disappeared on the East horizon in my rear view mirror. I have no explanation for what I saw, but I know it would be impossible for any Earth made object to do what this thing did that night. The weather at the time was cold.  I estimate it to be below freezing.  The sky was clear and calm, as I remember the sky being very dark but the stars being very vivid. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date above is approximate.  PD));46.8336;-99.6019
