We saw a circular object flying low in sky with 3 bright blue rotating lights, and it was silent.;2010-05-23 23:45:00;5 minutes;We saw a circular object flying low in sky with 3 bright blue rotating lights, and it was silent. On Sunday, May 23, 2010, my friend and I were standing in his driveway talking, on Jay Lane in Rolling Meadows, Illinois.  It was approximately 11:45pm.  I glanced up at the sky and I noticed what at first I thought to be a plane, flying in the southern sky, heading north.  The first thing that caught my eye was three, bright blue lights, almost the color of the lights on a black light.  I pointed this out to my friend, and he noticed how unusual the object looked also.  It was flying low enough that if it were an airplane, you would definitely be able to hear it however this craft was completely silent. It was then that we realized this was no airplane. We immediately called my cousin and his two friends outside to look at the UFO. The five of us ran behind the house into the St. Collette church field. The three blue lights were flashing on and off, about every 3 seconds or so. When they were off, we could clearly make out the shape of the UFO.  It was a dark, circular shape. As the lights came back on, they were rotated, as if the UFO was slowly spinning.  We tried to get pictures of the object on our cell phones, but apparently it was too dark out and the UFO was too far away to get the shot, which was really frustrating.  We watched the UFO flying south for approximately 5 minutes. When the UFO was almost out of our view, about to go behind some clouds, all five of us noticed that it appeared to quickly move upward in a diagonal direction, and then move back down, as if it were making an upside-down “v”.  About 30 seconds after that, the UFO was out of our view.  Although we are not sure the size of the UFO, since we don’t know exactly how high up it was flying, it appeared to be at least the size of small airplane.;42.0727;-88.0223000000001
