Saucer siting with chase planes in IL;2001-07-22 03:00:00;10 minutes;Saucer siting with chase planes in IL Dog asked to go out at a little before 3AM on 7/23/2001.  It was a very clear sky without moonlight so the stars were very visible.  Took dog for a walk in a large field and took the opportunity to stargaze. Immediately noticed movement low on the Northern horizon.  Braced myself against a fence to make sure the two lights were in fact moving.  I estimate a low flying object no more than 1000 feet altitude and 200 feet in diameter (large).  The trailing light was at about 35 degrees lower than the leading light and this attitude and orientation was constant.  Both lights were white and steady and I could make out a very light white or light blue light arc of light or forward rim on the leading edge, suggesting a saucer shape.  There was no sound and the movement was rather slow for an aircraft.  I counted 10 seconds and judged it at about a 1/2 mile... -180 mph.  At its closest it appeared to pass within a 1000 yards of me (a fence stood between me and a high school football field, so I had a decent basis of comparison).  At this closest point I had a horrible few seconds during which it appeared to stop moving forward and seemed to be getting either bigger or closer.   It did however, slowly proceed northeast without a sound.  I followed it with my eyes for about 2 more minutes before it was gone, low on the northeast horizon past Palatine and towards Mt. Prospect. Interestingly, I realized I was hearing a wooshing of air shortly afterwards.  I saw no aircraft in the sky at all, but there was no mistaking the sound of a subsonic jet passing overhead, but not like any I had ever heard.  It sounded extremely low and muffled..  There were no chem-trails (I was looking for chem.-trails to appear from the first craft).  My watch read 3:05AM.  This too was followed by a distant, low rumble, which I presume to have been a high altitude supersonic aircraft, again unlike any I had ever heard and much more subtle than the ones I have heard.  Although I have no explanation for the first craft, I speculate that the last two craft were chase planes -one subsonic following closely and the other supersonic circling at a distance.  The sounds clearly occurred over to great an expanse of time to be physically connected to one another or the siting. This is the second siting of unknowns I have recently enjoyed while walking my dog.  I hate the idea that such phenomenon is commonplace above our suburban skies.  I expect to see other reports of this night's occurrence here.  It was the most remarkable thing I've ever seen and heard.;42.0727;-88.0223000000001
