Light observed for some time hovering silently above the ocean before moving over land.;2010-07-08 20:30:00;20;Light observed for some time hovering silently above the ocean before moving over land. During a beach vacation last summer, my wife saw a red-ish light approx 60 degrees above the horizon out over the ocean.  I commented immediately that now you've seen it too. This was in reference to my own observations a year earlier, co-witnessed by my son.  Soon after my comment, she said it was gone. I went for and retrieved binoculars which were no help.  Then, I remembered I''d brought a Night Owl night vision monocular device.  The device has an incorporated infra-red beam to highlight objects with. It would reflect the white ocean-foam of breaking waves about 150 ft away. After following the light, now only seen with the Owl, for about 10 minutes, another red-ish light appeared above it and the two seemed to migrate into one another to form a single light. After another fives minutes I began to signal the object with the infra-red beam by flashing it on and off randomly, both fast and slow. Suddenly, the object light flashed extraordinarily bright. Not only do I believe that this was in response to my flashing the infra-red beam, I believe it was done to try and blind my night vision device from further operation. After another 10 or so minutes, the object(s) moved due North across Emeralds Isle towards the Bogue Field area. Bogue is a now-defunct military air field used for practice take-offs and landings by helo's, Harriers, and Osprey aircraft. Many of these were visible flying in the direction of New River MCAS, NC to the South of our location. In the previous year's vacation, 2009, these lights were seen while we stayed at a beach location several miles to the South of our current place of stay. At that time, several lights, or a couple of very, very fast ones were observed for a very short time. On this occasion, I was able to see them for a much longer time with the aid of the Owl. Having grown up a Military dependent of a Marine Air Officer, I am very versed in the many types of aircraft current and past used by the Marines, Navy, and Air Force Commands. What I witnessed in July of 2010, and the year before was not any type of known aircraft. Not only was this object completely silent, it moved without effort across 35 mile and hour winds effortlessly.  At no time was any shape discernible, only the red-ish light which varied in intensity from very faint, to a brilliant electric arc-type of light that I could not look directly at with the night vision device. The wife and I agreed that the light when its brightest lit up an area approx 300 feet wide and about the same deep. Otherwise, about 150 feet in either direction on the sandy beach and about 150 feet out in the ocean from water's edge. When dimmed, the red-ish light and light at it's most brilliant were apparently from the same source. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.6691;-77.0287
There were Seven of us sitting on a 3 story deck overlooking (only one hundred feet away from) the Atlantic Ocean in Emerald Isle, NC.;2012-07-18 22:00:00;10 minutes;There were Seven of us sitting on a 3 story deck overlooking (only one hundred feet away from) the Atlantic Ocean in Emerald Isle, NC.  The lights were an obvious orange and they faded in and out in two-three-two pattern.  Meaning that we could see two then they weould fade and then three would come into view and they would fade and then we saw two again and they faded.  So there were as little as 3 or as many as 7. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.6691;-77.0287
