Satellites in the sky moving at right angles without slowing down - and stopping as still as a star;2001-09-16 22:00:00;30 minutes;Satellites in the sky moving at right angles without slowing down - and stopping as still as a star My wife and I had our plans to go to Acadia NP interupted by 9/11 and we watched transfixed to the TV like everyone else for 3 days. We finally decided to pack up and leave and see if we could get some sanity back into our lives by going to Acadia anyhow.  We arrived late in the day a couple of days later (I don't remember the exact day). After setting up camp, we drove to the Ocean Drive near Sand Beach and walked the walkway in the dark. After walking awhile we went out on the shoreline rocks to just watch the surf and stars and listen to the ocean. It was a nice clear night without any moon at that time.  The planes had been flying for a couple of days again, and there is a path they tend to use over the Bar Harbor area that is directly overhead and runs in a SW to NE direction.  As I was watching the planes, and looking over the stars, I noticed a satellite moving across the sky from W to E in a line that was slightly off perpendicular to the route of the planes - still some distance from the exact route the planes were taking.  Looking further west I saw another satellite.  I pointed them out to my wife.  They were average star brightness and appeared just as I've seen many satellites moving across the sky.  I continued watching as the 'satellite' moved closer to the path of the planes (no planes nearby at the moment). As some more planes flew overhead (they sometimes flew 3 or 4 at once) from the south and came near to the path of the 'satellite', the first 'satellite' stopped dead still in the sky - as still as a star. Once the planes went by, the 'satellite' started moving again - at the same speed it had been - without any apparent acceleration time - and then suddenly made a right angle turn moving ahead in the new direction at the same speed it had been using before. There was no apparent loss of speed as it made the right angle turn.  It did this several more times - in different directions. Each turn appeared as an exact 90 degree turn - and then it moved in that direction for a few seconds before making another right angle turn again. Anytime a plane came near to the location of the 'satellite', the 'satellite' stopped dead still in the sky.  The other 'satellite' as it came closer did exactly the same thing in relation to the planes!! We were just blown away and I couldn't imagine any spacecraft or plane that I know of that could manuever and hover so abruptly. Once past the lane the planes used, they continued on until they grew fainter in the sky.  Both my wife and I are 50 years old (47 at the time of the 'incident'), with college education. I've had an interest in astronomy and love of nature for years, and am a business owner - full time nature photographer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));44.3738;-68.2448000000002
3 aircraft, stealth, heading NE over Bar Harbor.;2013-09-22 21:50:00;1 minute;3 aircraft, stealth, heading NE over Bar Harbor. Saw orange lit aircraft flying over my house on Mount Desert Island.  There were 3.  I thought them unusual because their lights were orange and there was NO sound from them.  And they were below the cloud line, very easy to see. There should have been some engine noise.;44.3738;-68.2448000000002
Bright blue/white light moving across SW sky at high speed in the shape of an S with a tail.;2019-08-02 02:00:00;2 seconds;Bright blue/white light moving across SW sky at high speed in the shape of an S with a tail. Was watching for meteors around 2am.  Looking straight up, I saw a bright blueish/white light towards the southwest sky that seemed rather far away, possibly even outside the atmosphere.  It appeared out of nowhere and traveled in a straight line for about half a second before making an S-pattern and disappearing.  It was traveling at high speed similar to that of a meteor.  Had it not been for the S-pattern I would have thought it were another meteor.;44.3738;-68.2448000000002
