Blue Light UFO.;2013-08-10 01:00:00;10 minutes;Blue Light UFO On Friday, August 9th, my girlfriend and I were traveling from New Orleans to Alexandria, LA, to spend the weekend with her family.  We were traveling south on I-49 near the Bunkie, La when we exited on to highway 106 right off the interstate to quickly use the rest room.    As I turned to exit I saw something catch my eye out the window.  We then stopped so she could use the restroom and I got out and looked again.   Report is below:  I stopped the car got out and looked again and that’s when I saw a fuzzy or faded blue light moving in the sky towards the W/NW.  I strained hard to see it as it looked very fuzzy and then it started zig sagging so to speak and becoming clearer.   At this same time I was trembling not believing what I was seeing and I asked my girlfriend if she could see it as well.  She said yes and then we both watched it together, kind of zig-zag about if you will.   After a minute or two of this we saw a normal aircraft(which could be heard) cruising at roughly 20,000 to 30, 000 feet traverse the sky.  There was not a light around and the stars (including the milky way) were very clear.   The blue light then moved as a clear pin point, like a star, and shot up high into the atmosphere near where the plane was and traveled much much faster.  It then blinked out and then reappeared at another point well below where the plane had been.   The object then shot with such great speed clear across the sky, stopped, and completely changed directions back towards the west where I first observed it. The object made no sound.  I felt fear, wonder and confusion as this was happening.  My girlfriend then decided we had been there long enough and wanted to go.    During this time, I attempted to capture the object on my iphone, but, there was not enough light to capture the image much less the stars.   I will gladly upload the images of blackness that I do have in case you can enhance them.  The event lasted for roughly 10 minutes.    It was hard to tell the distance of the object, but, my best guess would be anywhere from 5000 to 20000ft high and several miles away.  But, like I said, these distances were nothing to this object.   My coordinates were +30.856926 -92.222672.  Mark 293 N/ NW.   Time was around 1:00Am.  I will note that Fort Polk military base is in that direction.;30.8723;-92.1468
