Orange sphere or ball on US 27 in Monroe, In at Coppus Corners;1969-02-15 22:00:00;15-20 seconds;Orange sphere or ball on US 27 in Monroe, In at Coppus Corners Most of this report is taken from information given to me by my mother as I was only around four years old at the time of the incident (I'm now 38) and I remember very little of it.  I was laying in the back seat of my mother's car, traveling from Fort Wayne to Berne, Indiana. What I recall is observing a glowing dull orange ball in the sky through the back window of the car.  I also remember the tan (my mother says red) interior of the car. The ball reminded me of the color of a basketball, likely due to the color. This is the extent of my memory of the incident  From what my mother says, we rounded a curve on US 27 southbound between Decatur and Berne at a town called Monroe.  After the curve of which there was a small woods on the right, my mother observed about five to ten cars slowing on the straight stretch of the road leading to the intersection of US 27 and State Highway 124 known as Coppus Corners. She says she doesn't remember brake lights, but remembers the cars slowing eventually almost to a stop.  From the sky to the right (from the west) she observed an orange sphere or ball traveling downward at about a 45 degree angle towards the highway.  The object traveled to a point just to the right (west) of the highway, made a bouncing movement as if it was hopping the highway, then sped off again upward at a 45 degree angle at an astonishing rate of speed.  She does not recall if it disappeared due to the distance it traveled or if it just disappeared. She was unable to give me a size or distance of the object.  The cars in front of us then began to accelerate up to normal speed and she never heard anyone else mention the incident.  My mother is a no-nonsense wife of a minister (my father) and says that the incident was surreal and she recalls not wanting to discuss the incident with anyone. She was surprised that she did not hear anything about the incident, but that might have been because the other witnesses felt the same way she did about the incident.  The date and time are approximate as I thought I was older when it happened, but she told me that my sister was with us and that she was less than a year old when it happened.  My sister was born in September of 1968 which is how I came up with the year 1969.  My mother does not even remember the time of year, but said the windows were up in the car.  My mother and I would really like to speak with someone in one of the other vehicles, and that is what brought me to search the website for similar incidents and then post this report myself. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.6989;-84.8463
