Area of Wasaiic Developmental Center late 1979 - 1980-New York/Connecticutt area;1979-11-15 22:30:00;30-60 mins;Area of Wasaiic Developmental Center late 1979 - 1980-New York/Connecticutt area Over a period of at least several weeks, we saw a craft while driving to work along the back roads from Falls Village Connecticut to Wassaic Develomental center which is in Wasaic, New York.  We drove back roads through Sharon, Amenia Union and Amenia/ Millerton area.  At some point this object would meet us and follow and play with us as we drove to work.  The craft would parallel our car, stop when we did, cross over the top of the car stopping when we did and waiting for, it had intention.  The light was often waiting after ((name deleted--witness #2)) picked me ((up)) near the power plant at the bottom of the falls in Fall Village, Connecticut. For weeks and seemed follow/paralleled our car with intention, when we stopped at the 7/11 like store it would disappear and return.  One evening it followed us closely to the turn off to the center complex.  It hovered very close above a high tree for at least several minutes.  It crossed over the top of our car, it shot up straight and appeared to be circular with the circles or outlines changing shape as the colors changed.  It moved staright up, I think we watched it for a few more minutes before we went to work.  I remember being terrified and ((name deleted--witness #2)) assuring me it was okay, that they were friendly.  She was insistent of there friendliness as I was terrified.  We went to work and I told others at work about it.  I also called the State police and asked if there had been any reports.  It would be almost impossible to have been working the 11:00 - 7:00 shift and not seen this huge glowing object at the bottom of the road or driveway.  Many cars were pulled over and were watching.  Most recently I read a book about the Gulf Breeze Sightings, I think the craft I saw was similar to the craft and rings of lights in some of the photos noted.  I have also felt compelled in the past year or so to seek out others who may refute or confirm this incident.  There were many vehicles parked at the driveway to Wasaiic Developmental Center that evening.  I believe this incident occured! in the fall or earl spring.  We also saw this craft for miles along the back roads between Falls Village and Wasaiic. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident is approximate.  Ordinarily, the first possibility to be ruled out in a case like this, in which a night-time light is perceived to be following a moving vehicle, a celestial body is the first possibility that has to be ruled out.  However, in this case, if in fact the object flew over the vehicle, a celestial body seems unlikely to us.  PD));41.7736;-73.5499
3 circular lights moving in night-sky;2010-07-04 23:10:00;1 minute;3 circular lights moving in night-sky I first noticed one circular object moving fast, white in color, but definitely was NOT an airplane.  It moved from west to east and zig-zagged.  It was pitch-black out at night with many stars to be seen....this one was moving and was NOT a shooting star.  Then suddenly 3 more appeared in triangular formation almost like a right angle, maybe obtuse??   Then one reared off from west to east, other went east to west then turned back from west to east, other one followed zig-zag..not sure of direction.   No color in any of them, just a whitish light. The weird part was that we had just seen one previously the night before on July 3, 2010 in Amenia, N.Y. waiting for the fireworks show to start...it traveled pretty straight in a line formation, whitish in color, then suddenly illuminated for 2 seconds then kept flying from south to north...then disappeared.;41.7736;-73.5499
