Strange object hovering over the city.;2008-07-25 20:15:00;15 minutes;Strange object hovering over the city. UFO SIGHTING July 25, 2008   8:15 p.m. P.S.T San Fernando Valley, CA  	My friend and I were in transit when the sighting occurred. He was driving and I was seated in the passenger seat. We were in the southeast area of the valley in the city of Van Nuys. We were traveling southbound on White Oak Avenue when my friend pointed out a strange object in the sky directly in front of us. Before I proceed to delve into more detail about the sighting, I must emphasize that my friend and I are considered amongst our peers to be quite argumentative and skeptical when any topic of conversation broaches or offends our strong beliefs in logic and reason. Both of us are avid readers of scientific non-fiction and I am currently obtaining my Bachelor degree in science. So, neither one of us are prone to the unquestioned acceptance of fanciful tales of a pseudo-scientific nature. I live next to an airport and therefore bear witness to a never ending flow of air traffic of all forms of commercial, private, and military aircraft. This object was quite obviously not an airplane or helicopter. This object was in the shape of an ellipse and was a dull gray color. Aside from the complete lack of any wings or propellers, the attribute that was the most immediately startling and indicative of the object’s unconventional design was the array of multi-colored lights evenly distributed about the circumference of the object’s surface. On each side, there was a blinking red light. The rest of the lights appeared to flicker through the color spectrum. The distance of the object was difficult to judge because there was no way to discern how large the object was. However, it was either close enough to us or large enough at a distance that we could easily see the edges of the object against the sky. This was not just a cluster of blurry glowing dots. We turned left on Vanowen St. and began heading east at which point the surrounding buildings, which had been intermittently obscuring our view, gave way to a wide open field which gave me an uninterrupted period of approximately five minutes to study the object in the sky. This object did not change or vary its position in the slightest. Even after our trajectory had changed, its position in the sky did not. Eventually, the cityscape completely obscured our vision of the object. We were unable to capture a photograph for lack of a camera. However, I have included a sketch of the object drawn immediately after the sighting. Hopefully, someone else has seen this object and can shed some light although I hold no illusions about the likelihood of ever having any form of answer concerning this disconcerting experience.;34.1809795028318;-118.435947688617
It got my attention by the reflection of the sun.;2009-01-16 09:00:00;25 seconds;It got my attention by the reflection of the sun. I was getting my Limo repaired just standing around waiting on the mechanic to finish. I just started looking up at the clear blue sky because of the conversation these 2 guys standing near me. They were reminiscing about the US Airways plane crash on the 15th of January 2009. I saw an object in the shape of a diamond moving slowly from east to south west at about the speed of a floats in a parade. I believe it was metallic because it reflecting from the sun. It had no wings, no stabilizer and no propellers, just a diamond like shaped object. I viewed it for about 25 seconds. If I stick my finger out at it, it would be the size of a writing pen tip. The time was about 9:00am. I didn’t have my video camera with me. It was in my other car. I normally carry a mini DV cam in my car. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.1809795028318;-118.435947688617
