3 Christmas Tree Cookie Cutters in Triangle Formation;1996-06-15 13:00:00;2 minutes;3 Christmas Tree Cookie Cutters in Triangle Formation It was a bright, sunny, windy day. I was mowing my backyard lawn and went to dump clippings into trash can. As I came up with the grass catcher I was looking due west. There were 3 black christmas tree cookie cutter crafts holding a triangle formation. I went quickly into my house and asked my wife to come outside. She asked me, Why? With a bit of aggrevation in my voice, I said, Come on! She came outside with me, I pointed in the direction they were and asked her what she saw. She said, Christmas tree cookie cutters. I asked her if she could hear any noise emitting from the craft. She answered no. We watched them together for a few minutes. They were not rock solid in the sky. It was a windy day (10 to 15 knot winds with slightly higher gusts) and they were being knocked around a bit.  Nevertheless, they held a constant formation. All at once, in formation, they quickly shifted to our left around 3 degrees then 6 degrees to the right (this is an estimate). They did this twice in about 3-4 seconds, stopped, and then accelerated at an unbelievable rate straight up and out of sight in around 2 seconds. My wife and I just looked at each other and I said, Do you think they were ours? My wife said, I hope so.   On that afternoon we could hear about 3 of the air national guards' C-130 cargo planes. They were on the tarmac warming up their engines in preparation for moving out of Van Nuys Air Port that they had used as a home base for many years. It looked like the UFOs were looking in that direction, toward the airport possibly watching troop movements. At this point the story is over, until. . . Around 6 years later my wife, who is a teacher, and I were at a school function, sitting at the faculty table. The night's function was going fine and the kids wanted to play bingo. So they handed out bingo cards and they started playing. Those of us seated at the faculty table were not too intrested in the game and were just kind of playing along. All at once the gentleman next to me held up his bingo card, showed it to me, and said, Look what I have. The card was a tan color with black plastic slides. With the center free slot filled and two black slides filled on either side of and one row below the center spot, the card's 3 black squares formed a triangle shape. I said I have seen that before. He said Around 6 years ago? I said Yes. I told him they were due west, he said they were north west of him. He lives 1/2 mile south of me. I don't know the math but such information means that the UFOs were not very far away.  Later on, I asked my friend why he showed me his bingo card with that triangle shape. He said he did not know why. We now say with a smile that we have a cosmic connection. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will ask the witness to have the other witness submit a report, too, and will recommend they perform the triangulation on the event, in order to calculate the distance to the object.  PD));34.1809795028318;-118.435947688617
Just got home and start unloading my vehicle and on my second trip facing southwest and I look up to see an object in the sky that was;2017-07-23 22:54:00;90 seconds;Just got home and start unloading my vehicle and on my second trip facing southwest and I look up to see an object in the sky that was dark at its Center but had some lights that were nearly of a typical, common commercial aircraft.  But there's something off about them as well as the small shape of the all black vehicle.  But what was most striking is that spreading out from either side were crescent shaped white and somewhat transparent smokey cloud looking fans.  It was as if something was cutting through water at such a very fast speed Crescent wakes spread out like elongated wings.  Yet the object was moving so slow and steady nothing made sense and I question for a moment if it was a glider.  But the cloud like, smoke like Crescent fans protruding from either side changed in shape a little bit as if affected by turbulence.  Meanwhile it just so happens my neighbor was having a party with a DJ and at the same time the DJ announce to everybody there to look up quickly and they did.  Then people all gasped and shouted in awe and disbelief.  I went to join them and sure enough, we'd all seen the exact same thing.  It slowly disappeared behind a large tree not to return and we thought that would be the end of it.  But we  live near the Van Nuys airport and moments later military jets crafts took off one by one which an extremely rare occurrence at our non-commercial airport.  Having no idea where they went we all parted ways until about 10 minutes later when helicopters started hovering over the neighborhoods around us.  And they weren't normal helicopters because we could all feel the Deep Thud, Thud, Thud of them in our guts. All in all what struck me the most was how slow and steady it was going which is something I never expected. It was as if it was doing a Victory lap or trying to be seen.;34.1809795028318;-118.435947688617
Blue object flying;2020-08-17 20:30:00;East/south;Blue object flying I pictured a object a weird shape with a glowing blue light flying over Van Nuys.;34.1809795028318;-118.435947688617
