Bizarre lights in northern Mississippi;2007-02-16 20:30:00;2 hours;Bizarre lights in northern Mississippi.  It was a Friday night in February 2007 when I received a call from my father about something very bizarre going on above their garden.  He had walked up to the fenced garden area to check on a recently acquired mare, which had attained a bad leg injury and was rumored to be pregnant.  He was very frightened to see translucent orbs approximately four feet in diameter circling 10-30 feet above the mare.  He described the appearance as :lighted fog.  According to him there were a large number of these orbs dancing around, which gave him the appearance of intelligence rather than simply moving in a random fashion.  After he started his truck one of the orbs moved onto the hood area, which immediately cut the lights off, as well as the engine.  At this point the traveled a hundred yards or so on foot to their dwelling. My mother stepped out on their front porch and was so frightened by what she saw through the bare trees that she refused to go any closer.    At this point I received the call from my father.  I called a neighbor to witness the scene to ensure nothing was medically wrong with them.  He brought a camcorder and attempted to record the orbs, which had risen to a couple hundred feet at this time.  He tried to use his cell phone and the battery suddenly went dead and every time he would raise the camcorder to record the orbs then they would all clump together and shoot off at lightening speed out of sight.  Within a short period of time they would return, expand and do the same thing as before.  The movement reported was remarkable and comparable to a kaleidoscope. There were several other witnesses who observed this phenomenon from 3-20 miles away.  However these witnesses observed the lights at high altitude and my father was the only one that I am aware of who noticed the occurrence at such a close distance.  He is an extremely reliable source although I will not disclose further information so he can remain anonymous.  They observed the phenomenon from approximately 8:30 to 10:30 pm on a Friday evening.  Weather conditions were cold and clear. Nothing like this has been observed since. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  If any photographic record of the event was made, we would very much like to look at the footage.  PD));34.1774;-89.4592
