Witnessed an orange in color light shaped as a circle, moving across the sky, from the southern horizon to the north.;2013-04-06 21:58:00;00:01:00;Witnessed an orange in color light shaped as a circle, moving across the sky, from the southern horizon to the north. I came outside to smoke a cigarette.  I know the exact time it was in the air as I had placed a call to the comm center for someone else to run out and witness this. At the time I placed the call the object was directly overhead (just east) of my position. When I came outside I noticed an object that looked similar to an orange in color streetlamp. Only the object seemed to be moving as would maybe a plane would.  So I just watched it but initially paid no attention for the first few seconds as I thought it was just a plane. As it came closer to my position I noticed it was &quotdifferent&quot.  I started to pay more attention to it. I dont remember it getting brighter as it closer, I just thought why is that street light moving? I then began thinking &quotsomeone else has got to see this&quot.  But it was hard for me to get my phone out and make a call because i felt that i didnt want to miss any of this. I made a call then to a co-worker to come outside.  There was absolutely no sound.  It seemed to be orange in color, and maybe just a little bit oblong, as to a circle. I waited for some type of sound as it was closer to me now than before. Judging the distance from my viewpoint and that the sky was somewhat overcast, I was in shock that i did not hear anything. By the time my co-worker had made it outside it was indistinguishable. It seemed as though the tail end was somewhat not as bright as the front. I lost sight of it through a tree on the opposite horizon. The craft came from the south and headed north bound. Seeming to pass right over the city of Lebanon. I believe it came from a south easterly direction then seemed to maybe &quotcurve&quot to take a direct north bound path. I knew the sky was overcast as I could only see a star or two in the sky. This object seemed to not be obstructed whatsoever from cloud cover. so im guessing it was somewhat &quotlow&quot altitude. the sighting lasted about 1.10 minutes. Thats m! y best judgement. It never changed color or shape, only as it ! passed o ver the tail end seemed to be &quotdimmer&quot than the front. I dont believe it was a &quotperfect circle&quot, but It didnt seem to be cigar shaped or egg shaped. Thats the best description I can recall. It did somewhat shake me up, because I knew it didnt seem to be a plane or helicopter like ive witnessed numerous times. As I work in a 911 center in Lebanon County, I was excited to go back in hoping to get some calls on a strange light in the sky. We received no calls regarding any lights or aircraft.;40.3386481927711;-76.4132506024096
Bright low orange lights traveling from south to north;2013-05-31 21:30:00;5 minutes;Bright low orange lights traveling from south to north Bright orange lights traveling from south to north at a rapid pace.  After about 30 - 40 seconds the objects took off towards the east and litterally vanished.  Other airplanes were in the sky and they were quickly ruled out.  I have two videos taken from my iPhone.  Sky was clear and no other objects noted.;40.3386481927711;-76.4132506024096
