Extremely bright object changes color & shoots into sky.;2019-08-07 20:00:00;30-45 seconds;Extremely bright object changes color & shoots into sky. I was washing my father's Jeep, he recently had a stroke & asked me to clean it for him, we ran to the car wash.. This was a bit before 8:00pm.  After finishing washing the Jeep, my partner & I drove out behind NAL (business in town) to drive down the road & dry off the majority of the water.  I stopped the Jeep before the end of the road, under a streetlight, to get out & finishing drying it off with a towel. When I was almost done I noticed a VERY bright object up in the sky (circular but bright), towards the east.  At first, I figured it was an airplane or helicopter but the object was moving in too many directions for an aircraft(bobbing up & down, but moving left to right far too quickly for a plane).  I yelled for my partner to look & when he got out of the Jeep he said it was probably a drone, but I’ve never seen a drone with a hazy orb around it.  We couldn’t tell if the bright object  was very far away or somewhat close.  As I told my partner to go get his phone, to take a video  it became I creasingly brighter, & the color changed from a bright white to what almost resembled fire.  The object seemed to shoot off in a matter of seconds to the North & left a small faint trail of yellow light behind where it originally shot off.  We heard the noise of cars on Main Street & the Jeeps engine running.  There was no loud boom, like a jet breaking the sound barrier. I have never believed in aliens visiting Earth (UFOs), and to be honest, I still don’t know what we saw.  After witnessing whatever this was we were both were confused & just laughed about it.  My partners bestfriend is married to a police officer, so we called to see if he was on duty, he was, & to see if anyone else had reported this weird light in the sky.  He thought we were joking & after we explained what happened he told us that it was probably an airplane headed back to the airport or something from Scott Airforce Base.   Again I don’t know what we saw, but I know it wasn’t a drone or airplane.  Maybe it’s something else & you’re sites employees can answer what it was?  We are both scientifically minded, educated adults with good careers & don’t want people thinking we are crazy, but we have gone from confused to almost scared by what we witnessed.  We just want an answer. Ps.  We didn’t know there was a hotline until coming home & researching what happened & finding your site.;38.6251;-88.9378
Went outside and there was a light pretty high up over our tree line (from our view) this light has been here for a while and before wa;2020-04-18 22:06:00;10 minutes;Went outside and there was a light pretty high up over our tree line (from our view) this light has been here for a while and before was accompanied with an air craft that flew significantly lower and closer to us that we assumed it was a drone and that the big one was a planet. Last night it was in a slightly different area in the sky. I said get theres that light that i guess is a planet (laughing because I got called crazy for saying it was a if I watching the area) and i looked away for about 5 seconds after saying.this to my fiance and he said yes I see it. But as we looked back 5 seconds later we both notice it was gobe. This was very big and white light so bright youd swear it wasa planet. And then boom. Gone. As we are looking for it wondering how it just dissapeared...it came back in a very slighlty different spot to thw right. No colors flashing. It disnt really twinkle or flash. Then it got super dim amd looked like a pin for light like a no! rmal star. Then itd get brighter and dim again but more frequently but still slow enough there was no fast flash in between. Then we noticed very far away was two more but these two were grouped together and seemed to be communicating with flashes. No other colored lights. Just super white. As we looked back to the original main huge dimming light we notice it was going up and very far away to where we couldnt see it no more. It made motions the whole time that i call swimming in the sky. It loomed like the motion fish make to swim but also going up and down back and forth farther and closer.no sound associated with the craft.  After that main big one dissapeared we notice one of the others also dissapeared but the other stayed. We went inside and a few minutes later I went to look out my window and seen that the last one had gone too. I have a 49 second video. But its hard to tell. And im slightly shaky from nerves so tonight (4/19/20 i intend to set up a spot so the camer! a is steady and as it gets dark i want to see if it comes back! or more come back. Also....last night we went out again after it all and there was nothing else but the hazy fog like clouds were eerie and one spot was even squiggly like a far away galaxy would appear. Probably not related to what i seen but it added to the spook. ( we are being watched) odd time with the covid19 that sightings are increasing !  I woke up with a long scratch on my leg and its still welped like it had just happened. As soon as i opened my eyes my mind went to the pain. Creepy!;38.6251;-88.9378
