Disc like object, 2 huge spot lights, blue rings underneath.;2014-03-18 23:40:00;5 minutes;Disc like object, 2 huge spot lights, blue rings underneath I was driving from Springhill KS on Ridgeview approx. 11:40pm on 3/18/2014, when I thought I saw a helicopter.  But then it completely stopped and hovered for a few seconds and when it began to move again it projected 3 bright blue lights to the ground about as fast as lightning strikes.   I tried to press record as soon as I could but my record function was not available.  On the third attempt it finally recorded and although not as clear in the video as in person obviously I recorded a disc shaped object with 2 huge spot lights with little bright blue lights hovering and flying around extremely fast.   It was completely silent even when it would take off there was not a sound made.  It had the ability to stop on a dime and reverse directions, east to west and north to south with no actual turning.   There were 3 cars about 50 feet behind me in which one guy was standing out with his phone recording as well.  I did NOT get out of my car to go speak with the other witnesses due to being completely in shock and terrified at the same time.  The object itself was only what seemed to be 50 yards away from me and my recording point.   After a short while the object disappeared with no light tracers no sound just gone in the blink of an eye.  The fact that this object made not a single sound and was able to get from one point to the other so quickly was mind blowing.   The object it self was massive and way to large to be a model airplane in which the police department tried to make me believe nor do we as people have the technology to demonstrate what I seen nor projecting blue laser like beams to the ground as quick as a lightning bolt.;38.8792306306308;-94.7968585585586
3 red/orange pulsating orbs in triangle formation before storm as lightning started.;2014-06-29 21:45:00;1-2 minutes;3 red/orange pulsating orbs in triangle formation before storm as lightning started. 3 orange/red pulsating orbs seen in night sky before storm	  I was just getting off work, heading home when I was on my routine way home I started to notice lights in the sky.   They were odd, I didn’t realize at first what I was seeing, but in the back of my mind something was telling me to keep checking them out.  I am an aviation buff, love all things that fly, and also know my town pretty well and it didn’t add up that there were lights where they were, and that they didn’t fit anything I had seen before. This is my second sighting, the first being a single green orb UFO I reported back in 06’ and was with about 10 people who could verify what we saw.. These lights were a pulsating/light flickering type that change from orange to red, or were red and had an orange hazy light that would come on and overpower the red...hard to explain. I noticed 1, then I saw 2, then the third as I came into an area that they were in a clearing and could see them.. at that point my jaw dropped and I fumbled to get my cell out and get it in camera mode.. of course it had to pop up with a ton of different warnings about wifi being on so no flash.. blah blah blah.. all those crummy photo messing up blurbs that in this case REALLY cost me some good footage.  I was trying to get to video mode and actually accidentally took a shaky picture of them.  they can be seen in it. Okay they were in a triangular formation in the sky, and before or during my trying to take the picture, one I thought had vanished, in the picture it shows the two lower lights coming together more closely.. so that explains that.. A car came up behind me and I HAD to deal with that, I didn’t want to as I was going to miss the event.. errr.. bad dang luck.. so I drove toward them and quickly pulled into a post office parking lot. There I get the truck stopped and jump out...by that time they were a dim flicker in the sky, they had turned a more metallic shimmer and all together vanished :(  I will be keeping my eyes peeled to the sky even more than before. I think those of us who are star/sky/nature gazers probably see things that others are too busy in their tech filled lives to notice.  Sad really. I want to see more!  Thanks for reading.  I plan on sending in the picture i have to this site along with this report. One last thing, they were not close but there was also no sound, I had my windows open and no music playing.;38.8792306306308;-94.7968585585586
Flickering sphere which descended and then reappeared.;2015-11-07 20:30:00;2 minutes;Flickering sphere which descended and then reappeared. We saw one flickering light near 135th and Pfulmm which traveled east and then west in an erratic pattern.  Approximately 300 feet if the ground. It then stopped flickering and appeared to gently descend near just north of 15th near Greenwood.  The outline was faintly visible.  While attempting to maintain visual during its descent, the object was no longer visible. While continuing to search for the object in the vicinity where it descended we observed the same object back in the sky in approximately the same location.  Its flight pattern appeared the same.  It then dissappeared and was not located following a brief search. With the airport close it was certainly not a plane.  It appeared to possibly be a Chinese lantern.  Although that theory does not seem logical because of it reappearing for a brief period.;38.8792306306308;-94.7968585585586
