A bright glowing orange/amber light appeared in the sky and moved at various speeds  before shooting off at incredible speeds.;2011-09-10 23:30:00;2-3 minutes;A bright glowing orange/amber light appeared in the sky and moved at various speeds  before shooting off at incredible speeds. I and 3 other witnesses were sitting on my front porch on 9/10/11 saturday night at 11:30pm when one of my friends said what the hell is that. I turned around and we witnessed a bright orange/amber light which appeared to be no higher than a few hundred feet off the ground an no more than half a mile away coming towards us. The light was completely different than any normal aircraft light that I have seen. I watched the light for a few seconds and when it started moving parallel to the ground I ran into the house to grab my binoculars. While inside I could here my wife and her friends yelling outside for me to hurry back. Once I made it outside the object had moved lower in altitude behind a tree line from our vantage point. My wife and friends stated that while I was inside they watched the object/light move very quickly in a diagonal path down behind the tree line and it became very bright. I witnessed the light dim and proceed to ascend higher in the sk! y. The object moved from left to right a couple times but not to far in distance and then it appeared to dim out but was still barely visible to the naked eye. Looking though the binoculars I could see the object and it had not just dimmed but had moved alot further south in the sky in an instant and then completely disappeared. From what I could make out through the binoculars it had a very bright orange color light on the bottom that would increase and decrease in brightness. I could see a little bit of the structure above that was illuminated by the light and at first it looked like a hot air balloon with a teardrop shape. I figured it was a hot air balloon at first but the lack of noise, and radical movement of the light suggested otherwise. Also the sighting happened at around 11:30pm and I don’t think anyone would be floating around at that time above Olathe Kansas.;38.8792306306308;-94.7968585585586
