Lighted triangular craft flying low and slow over traffic on I35.;2004-01-22 18:45:00;1-2 minutes;Lighted triangular craft flying low and slow over traffic on I35. Saw a large triangle shaped craft moving at low speed around 5k feet, flying south-east.  I observed the craft while driving northbound on I35 at or just north of the 119th street exit.  I could make out a dark triangle shape, with a number of bright white lights in the middle and on the corners and a group of 2 or 4 at the rear.  Did not see any red/green strobes or anything that looked like normal aircraft ligthting.  It was about the size of a nickel at arms length when it was overhead.  I watched it as it came from my left and in front of me and followed it through the glass moonroof as it flew overhead.  If you drew horizontal lines across my windsheild to divide it into thirds, when I first saw it, the object would have been about on the top-most line in my field of view.  Speed remained constant and rather slow, did not do any manuevering.  While I was alone in my car when I saw it, there was plenty of traffic at the time moving in both directions so I would think lots of other people would have seen it. I'm not sure anyone else would have thought it more than a regular airplane, but whenever I see any aircraft it gets my attention and I try to at least guess what type it may be.  The non-standard arrangement of lights and the fact that it was large craft flying low on a route that I drive every day without normally seeing airplanes got my immediate attention.  It struck me right away as strange enough that I was excited to be seeing it in a wow, look at that! kind of way.  Comparing it to military aircraft I am familiar with, it was too large and wide of a triangle to be an F-117, but too narrow of a triangle to be a B-2.  I have seen both of those aircraft in flight more than once at airshows.  I also remember being suprised at not hearing any sound, while you don't normally hear airplanes when you are driving, being as large and low as the craft was I remember thinking it was odd not to hear it or feel any vibrations.  I did have my windows closed radio on a moderate volume so I cannot say for sure there was no noise. I consider myself an aviation enthusiast and able to identify most military and civilian aircraft.  When I got home I searched on the internet for something similar looking and surprisingly found some pictures that I think looks just like what I saw: http://bcornet.homestead.com/files/litbeam/main2b.htm  In comparison what I saw did not have discernable beams of light, just bright lights at both sides.  Also where there are a group of 4 lights in the picture, I could only make out what looked like 2 lights that were enlongated and one in front of the other.  They were placed similarly to the 4 lights but looked like those would if you connected them with a line parallel to the line you would get if you connected the two brightest lights on each wingtip  The following is just my opinion on what I saw:  I would not consider this a UFO in the sense of space aliens in flying saucers, just something flying that I could not identify.  I would surmise this is a rather normal and unspectacular sighting as far as UFOs go, and is probably something military as clearly other people have documented the same or very similar crafts.;38.8792306306308;-94.7968585585586
My fiance and cousin were outside on our front porch last night (March 25th 2012) at around 11:30PM smoking a cigarette before going to;2012-03-25 23:35:00;5 minutes;My fiance and cousin were outside on our front porch last night (March 25th 2012) at around 11:30PM smoking a cigarette before going to bed, when all of a sudden a blurry gray object with lights appeared 30 feet above them in the sky.  The object slowly moved over them and our house.   They stated that the object did not make any noise at all and before it went out of sight over our house a little light came from the object and hit my fiance in the head and he instantly had a migrane.   He stated that his cell phone stopped working for 20 minutes after this happened.  He called his cell  phone provider and they stated that he payed his bill and it should be working fine.   After this happened he was really freaked out. About 10 minutes later he saw an object in the grass that he mentioned moved at the speed of light-moved very fast.  I didnt really know what to think when he told me this.  But after confirming with my cousin on what he saw and the next morning I was getting ready for work and I was putting my Movado watch on - I noticed that my watch stopped working at 11:35 _ pretty much the same time they saw the object.   I was pretty freaked out my self and believe every word!!!!;38.8792306306308;-94.7968585585586
