Was on way home at approx. 9:45pm.  Came to a T in the road by church/cemetery.  Thats when I looked up and noticed a triangular airc;2001-09-25 21:45:00;approx. 15min;Was on way home at approx. 9:45pm.  Came to a T in the road by church/cemetery.  Thats when I looked up and noticed a triangular airc Was on way home at approx. 9:45pm.  Came to a T in the road by church/cemetery.  Thats when I looked up and noticed a triangular aircraft hovering at about as high as a telephone pole.  There was a light at each corner.  Not bright lights.  One was red, one was blue, one was yellow - the primary colors.  The craft zigged and stopped at an awkward angle at a higher altitude.  This happened one more time, then it just sorta faded away - disappeared.  It didnt shoot off, it faded like pulled a cloak over itself.  I tried chasing it, but, it didnt work.  I noticed some bright lights in the distance, East I believe.  I went to check them out and got as close as I could (in my car) and saw that they were six apache helicopters.  I know they were apache helicopters because of my military training.  The choppers wouldnt let me get close, they would veer away.  As I watched, they seemed to be searching the fields for something.  Earlier that night I was in the country looking at the sky and noticed what looked like stars zigging and zagging about the sky.  Definitely not any sort of commercial aircraft.  I have some friends who have also witnessed such a craft, but, had never told anyone until I told what happened to me.  They too said it had first been noticed at the graveyard.  Human or extraterrestrial I do not know.  What I do know is that this is real.  The triangle, the apache's, the zig zagging stars - Oh and I almost forgot, my kick ass car stereo all of the sudden wouldnt pick up any stations, are all real. ((NUFORC Note:  Source is anonymous.  PD));40.1194;-87.2563
Moved slowly w/ white lights at each point.  Stopped while a civilian a/c approached then it zipped quickly away.  ((anonymous report));2017-10-18 22:00:00;5 minutes;Moved slowly with white lights at each point.   Stopped, while a civilian airliner approached, then it zipped quickly away. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we wonder.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.1194;-87.2563
