Neon green trail from ground (like firework) that became a fireball out of which vertically ascended what appeared to be a fighter jrt.;1997-08-22 10:50:00;10 seconds;Neon green trail from ground (like firework) that became a fireball out of which vertically ascended what appeared to be a fighter jrt. Location:	Kings Park NY Facing:		South - southeast Time:		approximately 8:50 PM Sky Condition:	Overcast, muggy - sky was very electric completely around horizon - rained later that night Phenomena:	What appeared to be a flare or rocket ascending - the trail was a bright neon green. This trail ascended for a short while and silently erupted into a fireball that grew in color from white to yellow orange.  From this fireball there emerged what appeared to be a fighter jet climbing vertically very rapidly.  The outline of this jet was approximately the size of a pack of cigarettes.  The 'jet' climbed and leveled off and then flew slowly overhead to the northeast.  The only lights on it were two large half-triangle panels that were lit and were white - there were no other lights.  There was no sound throughout the time of the observation and the duration was probably only 8 to 10 seconds. The reason it stood out so much is that the entire phenomenon was outlined against gray clouds. It actually looked like a shuttle launch, though I don't live in Florida and am too far from the ocean, and would not have been able to see it, and there is to my knowledge no facility on Long Island which would launch something like this. It was not a flare - nor was it a meteor - as it came from the surface up.;40.8861;-73.2438
Pulsating Golden Coil seen at 30 feet height 90 foot distance from observer - floating slowly to earth;2001-09-13 19:00:00;3 seconds;Pulsating Golden Coil seen at 30 feet height 90 foot distance from observer - floating slowly to earth At approximately 7:00 (19:00) EST I peripherally saw a very bright flash nearby on my left side.  I turned toward the source and was amazed to see what appeared to be a pulsating golden 'coil' or 'spring' - it was a big coil perhaps three to four feet in height - it was less than 90' away and was at a height of approximately 25-30 feet.  It appeared to be floating very slowly down.  This coil was a golden colored and oulsed coils from a 'cats eye color' to a brighjt bright gold.  There may have been a diaphanous film around the coil - it all happened so fast Unfortunetly when I gave it my full attention - attempting to focus on it - it disappeared or more appropriately evaported like a mirage. This phenomena appeaed in a southwesterly direction and was quite close to me.  It could only have been at most three to four seconds from the time I saw the flash until the time the coil disappeared.;40.8861;-73.2438
