6 glowing spheres in the sky, moving in exact uniform formation;2011-09-03 22:22:00;5-10 minutes;6 glowing spheres in the sky, moving in exact uniform formation Driving home from a friends house with my daughter at 10:20 pm, we were traveling east along Rte25A in Kings Park NY. Just after the Sagtikos Pkwy and coming to the top of the hill we saw just ahead of us and to the north, 3 disc or oval shape orange glowing lights in the sky. They seemed to be very low. I pulled to the side of the road and grabbed my camera I was able to take 2 photos before the objects swirled in unison and moved up and forward quickly and disappeared north and west. I turned the car around and headed up the ramp of the parkway toward the beach to try and see if we could see them again. Nothing, so I turned around and was coming back in the same exact direction approaching the top of the hill again when 2 more of them appeared and this time they seemed MUCH lower I noted again that they made no sound at all and that there was no flicker, like a flame but did appear to have a glowing ember type of quality to it but it seemed to be 'containe! d' in the sphere. In other words it didn't seem to have a fire or flame quality, just a glow of red orange and bright yellow. These 2 discs went in a quick formation of up and down and zoomed to the right before quickly zipping to the north and west again and disappeared. We waited there for another 2 minutes before driving off and just then 1 more appeared directly in front of us just above the tree line and hovered and seemed to get bigger as if it it was coming straight down and toward us, then quickly went north and west in the same direction as the others and disappeared. Again, there was no sound from them. It was eery and unbelievable. I do not believe in such things but I cannot explain this. I reviewed the pictures with my husband when I got home and they are amazing and show the exact shape as well as a hazy silvery glow that appeared as the discs disappeared. I did not even think I caught the objects because I took the photos so fast, but they are astonishing. I ! hope someone else saw them and will report. I will have my eye! s up to the sky more often.;40.8861;-73.2438
