while going home from work, traveling north on 101 from Santa Rosa I saw a large light in the sky.  I stopped to look at it. It was abo;2000-04-21 23:15:00;2 min.;while going home from work, traveling north on 101 from Santa Rosa I saw a large light in the sky.  I stopped to look at it. It was about 25 to 40 feet long & had lot's of white lights, at least three big white lights & many fainter white lights & one faint flashing red light.  At least three of the white lights where flashing. It made no noise.  It was traveling about 40- 50 mph, & traveling from the northwest to the southwest.  It took about 5 min. for it to cross the sky.  I looked at it through my bynoculars & took hi-8 camcorder film of it.  it was about 150 to 250 feet off the ground & 1/4 to 1/2 mile awy from me.  I took about one min. or so of footage. The footage is in three segments, due to an object getting in the way, & may shaking & needing to move in order to prop my arms on the side rail of my truck to steady the camcorder.  No contact or missing time. I was traveling home from work on highway 101 out off Ranta Rosa, when I saw a bright light on the horizon to the northwest.  I desided to pill off the road tpo get a better look at it, as it seemed to be coming towards my position.  I Exeited the freeway at Central Healsburg Ave. & drove out of town & found a dark clear or open place to stop.  I at first stayed in my truck & uust rolled down my window & looked at the lights through my bynoculars, I at that time determined that it was light no other air craft I've ever seen so I grabed my hi-8 camcorder & begain filming.  it too a bit for the camcorder to focus on it.( it was swt on auto focus) after getting in focus I zoomed in on it useing the lens zoom only.  it's been my experience that when I use the digital zoom the quality goes down grately, so I don't usually use it.  Then I lost it behind a object so I got out of the truck with the film still running & got it in sight once again, but I was shaking to badly to get a steady shot so I again move to the side of my truck to prop my arms on the side rail.  I got a few more seconds of footage before I was distracted by the other lights that where in the sky.  I think that most if not all of the other lights where commercail aircraft.  I tried taking footage of them but didn't do to well, they where further away.  This area is really close to where I saw another light in the sky back in Sept. or Oct. 99, in Windser.  It's as the crow flies about 1 to 1 1/2 miles away.  The triangle was traveling with the point in the front or pointed in the direction it was going.  it never turned up or down, left or right, yaw & roll, or speed.  I could only see the faint/small lights when it was at it's closest.  I could not make out a body or outline off the craft.;38.6159;-122.8616
Observation of similar object from points fifteen miles distant at approximate same time.;2001-05-18 23:30:00;two seconds;Observation of similar object from points fifteen miles distant at approximate same time. Trajectory was at approximate 35 degree angle.  Object appeared large and moved at rate apparently slightly slower than free falling object. Trajectory was stable. Object was well defined, no trailing incandescense. No sound was heard in association with event.  object moved in roughly northeast direction. Observer was walking with companion who did not observe the event. Observer is attorney, age is late forties. On May 19th at wedding reception a couple reported seeing similar object and event at a location, Cloverdale, California, fifteen miles to the north of first observers location.  Man is an accountant, woman is a flight attendant, late thirties or early forties.;38.6159;-122.8616
triangular mass moving from west to east in the night sky, at first thought it was 3 satillites moving together.;2001-08-25 21:00:00;5 MINUTES;triangular mass moving from west to east in the night sky, at first thought it was 3 satillites moving together. As active satellite watchers and UFO witnesses (in Minnesota in the 80's) we did observed this But there was never a variance in the shape or size of the mass as it moved across the sky which procluded us to think it was indeed all one unit moving across the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.6159;-122.8616
A bone chilling sense of REALITY;2005-06-30 00:00:00;15 seconds;A bone chilling sense of REALITY I've never decided to talk about this siting outside of my circle of friends along with the other witness that was with me at the time.  It was around the age when I was about 15 years old I'm now 25.  Through the years I've found out strangely enough how common this type of craft is reported (black triangle) UFO.  Me and a friend were walking back to my house from another friend's house late at night somewhere around midnight (completely sober) and were walking through our old elementary school in Healdsburg, CA, walking thought the black top which is a large open space where we had break and lunch at the school when we were younger attending that school.  At the time of night and part of town the sounds of cars and other things are pretty much dead silent, as we were walking my friend tapped me on the shoulder, I looked at him and I saw the shock in his eyes as he pointed up to the sky.  I looked up directly above us maybe 500-1000 feet in elevation...! yes that low..was a triangle formation of red dim lights, non flashing.  One red light at each point of the triangle craft plus a couple in between each point.  Around 7-10 lights if my memory serves me right.  But we saw in between the lights pure darkness to confirm it was a solid craft to make up the triangle. It was HUGE.  We guessed at least a football field.  It was DEAD silent and flew at a speed most modern aircraft would stall....now, at me and my friends age we were both big military buffs including on USAF aircraft, as I later became in my adult life and army infantryman and he a marine.  At the time we were familiar with B-2 bombers and F117s.  This thing was nothing even close to human capability. The very SECOND we seen it we didn't even question if it was human or not.  We just KNEW it was from out of this world.  But what was so strange was that it flew so low and slow over a populated area...like it was scanning or something, who knows.  Not even a experi! mental military craft would do that over such an area.  No question in our minds we saw something out of this world and none of our friends believed us after the fact.  It never bothered us but whenever me and that friend reunite time to time it's the hot topic between me and him haha.  Something we will never forget!!  I hope in my lifetime there will be a explanation for these things (alien life).... ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.6159;-122.8616
