I saw a object hoovering approx 6 - 8 feet above some trees  as I was approaching a 4 way stop.;2003-10-25 22:40:00;2 mins;I saw a object hoovering approx 6 - 8 feet above some trees  as I was approaching a 4 way stop. At approx 22:40, I was coming to a 4 way stop and as I was approaching this I saw the object hoovering approx 6 - 8 feet above some trees to the side of a old country farm house. It was sort of a long cowboy hat type shape. On the sides of the bottom of the craft it also had a curved appearance with a smoothness between the curves. A oblong red S shape was on the bottom with small white/blue circular lights surrounding the oblong red S shape. The color overall was a black or very dark grey color from what I could see at the time of night it was. I just stared up at this object because I was amazed as well as very scared at the same time because I had never saw anything of this kind in my entire life. As I was watching it, it shot up and veered off to the right and was gone. It never made a sound as close to me as it was.;39.7945999999998;-84.3199999999998
MUFON/OHIO FOLLOW-UP INVESTIGATION REPORT:  I spoke with the witness from Trotwood, Ohio (suburb of Dayton).;2003-10-25 22:40:00;2 mins.;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Ms. Donnie Blessing, Section Director, Southern Ohio, for MUFON, for following-up on this case, and for sharing her findings here, and to Mr. Kenny Young, also with MUFON, for his participation in the investigation.  His website is <www.FUSE.NET>, where many interesting cases can be found.  PD I spoke with the witness from Trotwood, Ohio (suburb of Dayton).  Mrs.R.(name on file) related to me her close encounter with a UFO on the evening of October 25th, 2003 around 10:40 P.M.  Mrs. R. was taking her granddaughter, age 3, home. She had been babysitting.  Her daughter lives in a semi-rural area with only an occasional lamp post on the road side. As Mrs. R. approached a 4 way stop which was Union Rd. and Little Richmond Rd., she spotted what looked to be a glowing red S just above tree top level. The elongated letter S was on its side as opposed to be standing up.  She likened the light of the S to the glow of the coils in a toaster. As Mrs R. came to the four way stop she then saw that the S seemed to be on the bottom of a stationary object. She described the object as a bell shape at top coming down to be shaped like a hat brim.  The object was as long as a Cessma plane and about as tall as a one story house.  The object was black or dark gray in color.  It hovered about 6-8 feet above the tree tops.  Mrs. R. goes on to state that around the bottom of the object there were small round white/bluish lights that held steady.  The object made no sound. At this point Mrs. R. says she became very frightened fearing for her granddaughter who sat beside her in the car.  Mrs. R. says she became so frightened that she did not know to speed off or stay to watch the object longer.  She said that another vehicle was present at the 4-way stop, remembering that she saw a pair of headlights.  She does not remember what the vehicle did as she concentrated only on the object.  She said that she watched the object for a little over a minute.  Suddenly the object shot straight up and veered off to her right and was gone at a tremendous rate of speed.  At this point Mrs. R. states she also sped off to her daughters house.  Mrs. R. went on to explain that she has no interest in the subject of UFOs.  She has seen pictures of them on TV.  She also stated she had no truoble with her car during the sighting.  She spotted no other aircraft in the area at the time of her sighting.  She called her mother and told her of her experience. She also spoke to coworkers of her event.  Weather condidtions for that night were clear with calm winds and warm temps. INVESTIGATION: I contacted the Trotwood Police Dept.  They reported that no calls had been place on the date in question of a poosible UFO sighting. COMMENT: I find Mrs.R. to be a credible witness and truthful in her remarks. ADDTIONAL NOTES: I spoke with Mrs. R's mother after our conversation. She confirmed to me that her daughter did indeed call her from her cell phone on the way home after the incident. She sounded frightened and upset.  She described what she had seen to her mother.  Her mother relayed the details of the conversation which matched what her daughter told me. At one point her mother said that her daughter is a very no nonsense type person and if she tells you something you can believe her. She also states that her daughter was a skeptic until she saw the UFO. Filed 11/30/03  This report was investigated by Donnie Blessing, Southern Ohio Section Director MUFON;39.7945999999998;-84.3199999999998
