I was scared by an errie encounter with a blue light that entered my bedroom through the window at night.;1988-08-10 16:08:00;30 seconds;I was scared by an errie encounter with a blue light that entered my bedroom through the window at night. I remember it so vividly.  It scared me half to death and I vowed to always remember this experience.  I had just come home from saxophone lessons and while getting out of my fathers truck I noticed that the night sky was very dark. Noticing it and thinking nothing of it, I rushed inside and upstairs into my bedroom to put my sax away.  I closed my bedroom door almost all the way, flipped the wall switch on, and the lamp on top of my dresser came on.  As I emptied my pockets onto the dresser, some sort of movement outside my bedroom window caught my eye enough that made me look directly out the window.  I looked for just a moment and thought that my eyes were playing tricks.  At the very instant that I turned away, I got intense goosebumps all over my body, and the lamp on my dresser went out.  At this point I was startled by something out of the corner of my eye and turned and looked out the window to my left which i was standing less than 15 feet away from.  Outside the window there was a pulsating spherish orb of blue light about 1 foot in diameter.  It was such a luminescent blue light that I was captivated by it's beauty and scared to death at the same time.  I was so scared that I don't think I even tried to move, I was frozen in place by fear.  Shortly after I had noticed this Blue orb of light, it moved toward the window, and somehow moved through the window into my room.  Once this sphere had completely moved through the window, it dissappeared.  Now the sphere dissappeared, however instantly a band of light of exactly the same color about 1 foot wide appeard on the floor, walls, and ceiling forming a tube around the room, up the walls and across the floors and ceiling, accompanied by a loud electric hum.  It started at the window side of the room and moved across the room at about 2 or 3 feet per second with the hum.  The light travelled across the entire room much like the bar of light on a photocopy machine, and dissappeared when it hit the opposite end of the room.  The soun! d was gone too, and there was nothing to see at the window.  I was so scared that when the light and hum were gone I was still frozen in place for a few seconds.  Then I rushed to the switch, flipped it twice, and it did not come on.  Then I ran to the stairs, slid down them on my behind, and ran into the livingroom hysterically crying to my mother and explained what I saw after she said that she did not see anything or see anything.  She told me it may have been ball lightning.  I don't know what it was, but I know that it was there because I saw it with my own two eyes.  The lightbulb in the lamp on my dresser was burnt out. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.9801;-76.0727
