F.A.A.  gives false report of UFO over Western Colorado;1989-04-01 09:30:00;30 min;F.A.A.  gives false report of UFO over Western Colorado at approx. 9:30 am in the morning, I was walking west along the redlands express when I observed an object moving from the South to the North at approx. 50 mph,and at an altitude of approx 8000 ft. The weather was warm and the sky was blue with no clouds or obstructions. When I first observed the object it appeared to be a small dark mass resembling a spot the size of a pencil point. However, when it reached the vincinity of Liberty cap rock formation,which is at the top of the plateau, and is approx. 7000 ft in height, the object dived down towards the ground to a height of approx. 50 ft off the ground and in so doing changed directions and shape. While desending towards the ground the object continued to move at a speed of approx. 50 mph and had no sound associated with its movement. During the decent, the object chanded from a dark mass to gray/white appearance that had no defined shape. It appeared as though it had a electromagnetic field around it that was giving off a heat signature. When it reached the ground it changed shape to a perfect sphere that was pure white and extremely brilliant that resembled the light passing through a diamond. It maintained this appearance while traveling approx. 1 mile to the South at an altitude of approx. 50 ft. off the ground. When it stopped at the one mile mark it begain to hover and in so doing changed from a bright white flashing sphere to one of a bright orange. It continued to hover approx. 50 ft. off the ground while maintaining the brilliant burnt orange color. After approx. 10 min. of hover the sphere shot straight up into the air at approx. 200 mph and stopped at an altitude of approx. 8000 ft and started hovering again while maintaining the orange appearance. At that time a jet aircraft approached from the South and appeared to narrowly miss the flying object. When the jet passed over the hovering object, the unknow craft appeared to be as large as the front of the aircraft. After the aircraft flew pass the object, the object changed back to a brillia! nt white color which started to flash as a strobe light. It then flew off to the north at approx. 100 mph while maintaining the appearance of a flashing strobe light with no discernable appearance between flashes. The next day, an article appeared in the Rocky Mountain news that the Grand Junction area had experienced problems with the Radar system operated by the F.A.A. The F.A.A. had made a public statement that their computers had experienced a glitch that had shown flying objects over the Grand Junction area that has appeared to merge with air traffic. They wrote it off as soft wear problems. The following day, a c130 aircraft flew along the cliffs where I had observed the flying sphere. It flew at approx 200 ft. off the ground and made two passes along the cliffs in a dangerous flight path. The was the first and last time that a military aircraft was observed flying in this dangerous manner at a height and speed which would never be flown in a normal operation. I have it on good authority that the F.A.A. placed the radar data on a plane and flew it to Washington the day after the so called false sighting over Grand Junction. In summary, I am a trained observer with experience from the U.S. Army ((deleted)) operations. Also, I haved worked for ((deleted--federal employment with substantial responsibility)), and served as a police officer in Ohio. What I saw was beyond the scope of our military and industrial machine. I have never reported this sighting until now. I was afraid it would damage my reputation as I had been a candidate for ((public office, Arizona)) County and wanted to seek public office.;39.0925074550128;-108.56945218509
Cluster of orbs rumbling around eachother;2015-10-24 05:00:00;2 hours;cluster of orbs rumbling around eachother Hello I know this is strange but I've seen 3 ufos since the age of 15 and they have been similar upon observation.  I'm a realist and these orbs I've seen defy physics.  I was up and me and my girlfriend noticed two orbs by the mesa that are distinctly larger than any star by far.  These objects are in our atmosphere and I have a video that shows when the sun was coming up with the objects in view.  The the two orbs were diagonal from eachother. The larger orb was higher and on the right.  The larger orb appeared to look like a cluster of atoms jumbling around eachother.  My gf is the one who joticed it. I was playing a game and she felt the need to look out the window.  Keep in mind she was skeptical and said that something told her to look outside which is a similar feeling I've had in my previous encounters with ufos.  The weird part is that before we even looked outside we were sitting cross legged on my bed at about 2:30 am mountain time and as I was mid sente! nce I started leaning left.  My vision went black slowly and all noise faded away even the sound of my own voice.  This lasted only about 5 seconds and I snapped back and was very confused about where I was and what I was talking about.  My girlfriend asked if I was ok and had to comfort me a little bit. About 10 minutes later the exact same thing happened to her!  As time went by we looked at the clock and we were in disbelief that it was already 5 in the morning.  We both began to feel scared because we lost track of time and couldnt remember what we did that took so many hours. Thats when she felt the need to look outside. ok While we were observing the larger ufo we noticed noticed a pure white orb flying low to the ground faster than any man made aircraft and it was flying horizontally to the left then made very fast 50 degree ascension upward and quickly disappeared.   Once it was almost all light out the objects ascended and the main ship appeared to be searching in the ! sky. Very enlightening! In the video watch the last 50 seconds! and you will see that nothing man made spins and rotates like this.  Please keep an open mind I belive this is important for mankind.  I have a 4 minute video that shows the cluster orbs and i zoomed out and in to give perspective and detail.  Thank you.  I would be humbled to share this and share the awareness.;39.0925074550128;-108.56945218509
