A Neonish Red Sphere Appeared in the Night Sky;2005-12-27 02:30:00;12 Seconds;A Neonish Red Sphere Appeared in the Night Sky While my friends and i were walking outisde, I was looking up into the sky when i see this Neonish Red Colored Sphere. I mean, i was staring into this one spot in the sky for like a minute and it just appears out of nowhere. My friends and i started to hear noises, sounding like an engine. We assumed it was a car, but there was no cars to be found. The object was coming twords us at an incredibly fast pace for about 7 seconds and then it started to drop down while still coming our way. It was starting to drop twords tree's and was hard to be seen. We could still see parts of its neonish color when it vanished. It seemed to be far away from us, but the size of the object was pretty big.  First time that we had experianced something like that. Even when the object vanished we still heard the engine sound. Thats when we decided to head back inside cause it scared us badly. Also, right before that object appeared, my friend was saying to himself,  I wish something memorable or exciting would happen and it happend indeed.  This Sphere also did not leave a trail like a shooting star, meteor, or like a flare. It also did not have a flare effect like a flare would have when being shot into the sky.;38.8516344594595;-77.3123695945947
Spherical object traveling eastward then northward from Dulles Airport, paralleling Route 50 in Fairfax VA.;2007-10-13 11:15:00;ten minutes;Spherical object traveling eastward then northward from Dulles Airport, paralleling Route 50 in Fairfax VA. Watching son's baseball game at Providence Elementary School, 3616 Jermantown Road, Fairfax, FA.  Approximately 11:15, noticed object approaching approximately from west, traveling approximately east, paralleling Route 50.  Appeared to be aircraft approaching head-on.  Noticed that there was no contrail, as with other jets in air at time.  As object approached overhead, turned approximately due north.  Did not seem to be aircraft or helicopter.  No change in perspective object remained speherical in form, and did not change to oblong shape as aircraft would have.  Did not appear to be floating on wind currents, but looked to be propelled.  Was not satelite or space station, because did not travel in straight trajectory, was seen in daylight, and was traveling within earth's atmosphere.  Object disappeared from view at approximately 11:25.  Called Dulles Airport Operations Center, who contacted FAA radar center in Leesburg, VA.  No reports of weather balloons or other such objects in airspace at time.  Did not appear to be a small mylar party/birthday balloon, because did not drift with wind or rise on currents out of view, and seemed too high.  Travelled at constant altitude with constant velocity.;38.8516344594595;-77.3123695945947
Probable weather balloon in Busy Greater DC Airspace.  ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected weather balloon.  PD));2015-05-07 20:00:00;20 minutes;Probable Weather Balloon in Busy Greater DC Airspace On 7 May, 2015, at about 8 p.m. EDT, while sitting on my patio, I noticed what appeared to be a particularly bright star practically at zenith.  At first I suspected it was Venus, but the object didn't act like a star.   I had my wife keep eyes on the object while I retrieved two sets of binoculars, and we both observed the object.  The object appeared to resolve as a tiny disk vice a point, so I had my wife continue to observe it while I retrieved my camera.  When I returned, she reported that a tiny object appeared to swiftly go by the larger object, while the larger object appeared to remain stationary.  I photographed it through a 250mm lens, and the image showed a round bright white object connected to a tiny object by a thin line. Next, I retrieved my 750mm telescope.  My wife reported the object slowly creeping east southeast. Its speed made it difficult to keep up with on the telescope's equatorial mount, and its speed seemed to increase toward the ESE. When I finally got it in view, I observed it through a 7.5mm eyepiece, and it resolved into what appeared to be a white sphere connected to a small object via a dangling cable.  The sphere was about 2 times the size of Jupiter through the same eyepiece.  The slow speed of the oscillation (&gt1 second) of the dangling object implied a relatively long line, and the oscillation would occasionally tip the sphere and expose an orange object at the interface between the line and the sphere.  My wife, eldest son and I observed for a few minutes. At this point, I recalled the successful bombing of the mainland U.S. by the Japanese in World War II via hydrogen balloons, so I looked online for where to report this ostensible balloon.  I quickly came across the National UFO Reporting Center, so I called them at 8:17 p.m.  It was about when I called when the object faded out of view. The center operator requested I write this report, and suggested I call local law enforcement if I was truly concerned.  I contacted Fairfax County Police, and they said they couldn't take action if the object were as high as it appeared (whereas they could respond for an aerial object threatening people on the ground, e.g., a rogue quad-copter). As I was compiling my data for the report, my wife came across a local news channel interview online with the National Weather Service about their radiosonde balloons.  The balloons in the video looked much like the object we observed, so I called the UFO reporting center back.   The operator suggested I do a winds aloft check to verify the direction of the object.  The local airport at Dulles didn't have an available report online, but the Richmond, VA, and Westminister, MD, airports did.  The winds aloft report from Westminister indicated that the balloon probably originated there:  for the object to be stationary and then drift east meant that it passed between 18000 and 30000 feet.  Moreover, the winds from the surface to 18000 feet would have taken the balloon south and then west, which is where it was relative to Westminister.;38.8516344594595;-77.3123695945947
