A sphere seen low in the sky hovering, but making no noise.  Vanishes in an instant with no sign of propulsion.Just gone.;2000-07-01 13:00:00;~10 minutes;A sphere seen low in the sky hovering,but making no noise.  Vanishes in an instant with no sign of propulsion.  Just gone. I was visiting my bro.inlaw with my kids in Naugatuck, CT, USA.  Approx. 2pm EST.  The house sits at the top of one of the highest points in Naugatuck.  My kids were all outside playing on a swing-set when something spherical in the sky caught my eye.  I was on the deck while my kids played outside on that swing-set.   I saw a craft just hovering and not moving or making a sound, in the sky.  It was just hanging perfectly still in the sky.  The craft was spherical with a brassy like color.  I heard nothing at all coming from this spherical craft.  I could definitely see what looked like L shaped individual panels making up the sphere.  I could see what looked like divots attaching the L panels together to make up the sphere.    It was approx 25yards away, maybe closer, from where i was standing, in the sky.  It was very close to me.  I starred for a few minutes and then called out to my Bro.inlaw to come take a look with me.  I hadn't taken my eyes OFF this craft, all the while asking my Bro.inlaw to come out and look at this sphere with me.  We both did not know what we were actually seeing.  At which point i asked him to get binoculars so we could get a closer look at it.  My eyes still fixed on the craft.  I did NOT take my eyes off of it, at all.  But, at the same time, my kids were calling up to me...mom, mom...  I finally looked in their direction, and saidwhat?,  and when i looked back...the sphere was gone... in an instant!  In one second!  There were No signs of noise or trails in the sky.  I even looked thru the binoculars to see if i could find it.  But to no avail ... There was no sign of it on the horizon, or above it, at all.  But as to where this sphere went, neither of us knew.  I looked in every direction possible..  It just vanished, in an instant.  I believe that perhaps a cloaking device may have made this craft disappear.  Only because nothing that I know of, mechanically, can vanish so very quickly without some sign of it travelin! through the air.  I also had a feeling that they were watching me also. Because it didn't vanish, or even move, until i looked away, for that split second.  No noise, no smoke, no trails in the sky.  It had just disappeared into thin air.  A spectacular sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.4939;-73.0517
