Glowing pinkish red object. Heading north and silent running.;2013-07-04 22:00:00;>1 minute;Glowing pinkish red object. Heading north and silent running. Second sighting within an hour.  This time I got video and a couple of photos. This was the same type that we saw an hour ago however this time I was not able to make out the craft.  We could only see the flare looking glow.  It started out at the same speed and then seemed to pick up speed.  It was heading north but was not on the exact same track as the one we saw at 22:00. Nothing flashing just the pinkish red glow.;41.4939;-73.0517
Large formation of lights in western sky, flying north to south...;2014-05-07 21:10:00;5 minutes;Large formation of lights in western sky, flying north to south... At around 9:10 or 9:15pm I came home from dropping a friend home from an appointment and as I exited my vehicle I looked to the western sky… There I saw a large diamond formation of lights with a rose/pinkish/orange color moving north to south across the sky...I soon noticed a 5th light trailing behind the formation and following the same direction...I was a bit taken by this because I knew this was nothing I had ever seen before, when I then noticed two more lights some distance behind the other 5 and flying in a V shaped formation… One slightly behind and to the left of the other...I had looked around hoping there might be someone else around to witness this with me and also thought of going into the home to get a digital video camera...I decided to stay there and watch the objects...  The formation was large, very large in the sky and moving in unison… There was no noise at all, and also no aviation lights blinking… Also no indication of aircraft at all near this formation… There was also no breaking this formation, just a steady flight, north to south direction...  I soon noticed that the formation would pass behind some trees, which had not yet any leaves, but only buds..  I noticed as I waited for them to come back into clear view, that they seem to be disappearing.. .When they did come back into an unobstructed view, there was only one light or object, which soon began to fade away and was gone...I had taken noticed that there were a few wispy high clouds here and there, but I checked for stars in the general area and could see stars...  For decades, on clear nights just after sunset, I've looked for satellites in the sky, these were not even close… There was no sound of helicopters, no sound of prop or jet engines...No sound at all, no flashing lights... I did come back again from time to time to check to see if any more could be seen, and nothing was... I know what I saw, I just don't know what it was I saw...It's my hopes that maybe someone else may have seen it, or that there's an explanation for what I witnessed...;41.4939;-73.0517
I was sleeping and woke up thinking the kids left back light on.  When I looked outside , the whole back yard was covered with illumina;2015-02-28 02:00:00;5 minutes;i was sleeping and woke up thinking the kids left back light on.  When I looked outside , the whole back yard was covered with illuminating green circles as if spotlights were in the snow.   I woke up my husband and we went into the kitchen to look again.  I looked up and that green glow was all the way up as far as I could see on the branches off all the trees in backyard.   I looked to both of my neighbors' house and I saw a few of the circular patterns but not as prominent.  I was in awe.   I just went back to bed woke up at 4 am and nothing was there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.4939;-73.0517
