A swarm of dozens of dim lights in the night sky.;1997-04-15 23:30:00;20 minutes;A swarm of dozens of dim lights in the night sky. In our teen years, 2 friends and I decided to walk out to Bear Basin meadow.   It was early spring and the snow hadn’t quite melted for the year.   It was hazardous because there was snow banks still on either side of the highway which didn’t leave much room for 3 young guys to walk.  Not to mention the risk of getting stopped by local police which would most likely stop us to ask what we were doing, where we were going etc.    the Bear Basin turn off was a mile away and we just had to make it to there. I was determined to go, kinda leading the way and every time a car would be coming, we’d dive over the snow bank till it passed, then continue.   After doing this a dozen times my friends were in agreeance that this was stupid and we should turn back.   I knew it was but was determined to keep going…   It was a beautifully clear chilly night and the view of the heavens from out there would be spectacular.  We got to the meadow and looked straight up.   All of us just kinda went “woah…. Are you seeing this?” We all agreed and kept looking, trying to make sense of what were  seeing. Directly straight above  us was a cluster of dimly lit lights.  Too many too count, swimming in a swarm like fashion.  Not unlike a throng of mosquitoes moving out in a busy-like fashion.   None escaping the riameter of maybe a ping pong or racket ball held at arms length.   There could have been up to  up to 100 of these lights.  Impossible to count.   I don’t want to over exaggerate, but let’s just say there was ‘MANY’.   One friend commented “it looks like Star Wars going on up there”.  However it didn’t seem like a war.  I payed close attention to how they were interacting to determine if this was passive or hostile activity.   To me, it didn’t seem like a war.   There wasn’t any  munitions of any sort occurring that I could see.  Nor did it seem alike any of them were interacting with each other.   Just a cluster of dim lights (most definitely in space) moving at random, fixed to a very small part of the night sky.   They were there till we got back to the road, where w! e lost night of them due to ambient lighting and more just paying attention to avoiding oncoming traffic.   It was one of many highly unusual events  I remember from my teen years.   I’ve been going down the line of things I’ve witnessed growing up in that area. Reporting what I remember, with approximate dates.;44.8885;-116.0742
