I walked out my girlfriend's front door back then in the early 80s and have never reported this I've told it to a lot of my friends and;1983-09-17 16:30:00;35 seconds;I walked out my girlfriend's front door back then in the early 80s and have never reported this I've told it to a lot of my friends and I could show you in the distance but there's no aircraft that the human race has that can travel the way this thing did it went from A to B in our sky that would have taken the fastest SR22 aircraft to fly at possibly 502 a thousand miles an hour it would have taken it over an hour to fly this distance this thing went from A to B in a split second and then it went back from b2aaa and it flashed and then it went back from A to B and then it kicked it in the high gear after it flashed again and it seemed to what B was scanning our planet and it blew my mind and after it's scanned at the first time in like it went back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and back and forth stopped and Flash then it did it again and it was like doing stitches in a sewing machine across our Sky though it appeared to be scanning our planet was my best guess in this certain area and then after it went back and forth and back and forth and Flash the second time it was back at Point a again and then it was just like it start track in the end of the Star Trek show when Captain Kirk would tell Scotty to put it into high gear work Factor 10 and it would just be a flash of light that's how it left it just was a flash of light and it was gone and I was just sitting there with my jaw on the ground blown away and I couldn't even tell my girlfriend or anything cuz I don't think anybody would have believe me they would have accused me of being on drugs or something so I never said anything to her or anybody else but I eventually after the years and seeing all these programs on started telling people about it but I can show you exactly where it was and where I was and everything I mean I got it stuck in my memory and no one can ever take that from me. It was back before cell phones and unfortunately I wish I could ha! ve had one back then so I could have videotaped it or somethin! g it was about an hour or two before it was a few hours before it was going to start getting dark so this guy wasn't even really dark and this thing was just a bright white round light I couldn't see the shape of a UFO I wasn't close enough but I could see this light going across our sky and it was definitely under some intelligent control it wasn't a happenstance or I've seen shooting stars and all those things I know what they are is know this thing scanned our planet bro I mean this was a mind-blower it went back and forth like about 20 or 30 x super fast in a split-second splashed did it again and then flashed and it was gone it was a trip man anyway that's about it if you guys ever need to contact me or welcome to;35.1611;-120.6495
my girlfriend and i decided to take the usual walk on beach from my house in grover.its about a 2 minuete walk to pismo state beach. we;2001-07-21 21:00:00;about 5 mins.;my girlfriend and i decided to take the usual walk on beach from my house in grover.its about a 2 minuete walk to pismo state beach. we were walking up a dune and found a place to sit.there were alot of people camping out on the beach.i was looking south towards V A F B and i noticed a blinking yello  light moving from the beach into the land at a north east way.it wasnt going to fast so i dint want to trip out.i alerted my girlfrined who said she noticed it also.it was wierd beacause it seemed to not be going to fast bit it speed up,slow down,blink sparatically,like one time it be 3 blinks otheres 1 and i think it even went up to 6.we see alot of wierd stuff here i think i saw another wierd one!;35.1611;-120.6495
Strange lights in the sky above Pismo Beach;2006-04-22 23:30:00;5-6 minutes;Strange lights in the sky above Pismo Beach On 4/22/6 at approximately 11:30 p.m., my family and I were at Pismo State Beach in CA, USA.  We were facing north when we saw the light coming towards us. My sister said hey here comes a low flying helicopter because she saw the light coming towards us.  However, there was no engine sound and we did not see any blue, red or white flashing lights on this object.  The orange light was heading in our direction about 200 feet off of the ground at a slow pace.  The light moved from side to side but not extremely far.  Once all of us noticed this orange light coming towards us, it stopped, hovered for about 30 seconds and then just simply started to rise into the air.  No sound, no burst from any engines, nothing.  It just started to rise at a fast speed until the light dissapeared.  About two minutes later, the same light was noticed behind us, or to our south.  It was traveling north about 200 feet off of the ground.  It was traveling fast and then the light dissapeared.  It did not rise, it just dimmed out.  After that all of us talked for a while trying to determine what we saw.  I think we all knew what we saw, some of us couldn't beleive it, but I know none of us will ever forget it.;35.1611;-120.6495
I was walking my dog on the beach I saw a light over the mountains it was twilight the sun was just going down I said to myself that it;2019-09-01 19:00:00;5 minutes;I was walking my dog on the beach I saw a light over the mountains  it was twilight the sun was just going down  I said to myself that it was still to light for a star to be out  it wasn’t moving as I watched it seemed to be moving towards me  it looked to me that there were 4 lights in a row there was no red lights like airplanes have I tried to take a picture  As a matter of fact I tried to take several pics, but it wouldn’t show up in the iPhone screen  I looked at it and I could see it, but when I looked at it through my phone it wasn’t there but I could see it clearly with my eyes but not the phone   I then turned around and took about 10 steps and turned around to look again and the object was gone  if this was a airplane I should of been able to see it again, but it was gone and I mean gone  I went home a looked at my pictures about 8 and none of the pictures had any light in them I’ve taken many pictures of the stars and moon and they always come out I can’t believe that I took my eyes off of it I am dumbfounded why didn’t it show up in my pics when I could see it clear as day;35.1611;-120.6495
About 20 solid, bright lights moving at the same altitude, heading and speed. Spaced perfectly apart ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-22 06:00:00;5 minutes;About 20 solid, bright lights moving at the same altitude, heading and speed.  Spaced perfectly apart flying over the ocean headed south.;35.1611;-120.6495
