An enormous triangle hovered over me for at least seven minutes.;1979-02-20 02:00:00;7 minutes;An enormous triangle hovered over me for at least seven minutes. My husband and I rented a beach house at Pismo Beach back in February of 79. We arrived there at approx. 2 am. My husband had already taken some of our baggage up the twenty or so steps to the house and was unlocking the front door. I was unloading the few remaining items from the truck. My little dog jumped out of the truck and ran to some nearby garbage cans, I assumed she saw a cat. I just happened to look up to admire the clear, starry night sky. Almost directly above me was a huge, dark triangular shape. It had three lights, one in each corner. I was terrified. I shouted to my husband  what is that? he said a helicopter. It was no helicopter, this thing made absolutely no sound whatsoever and the sheer size of it blotted out the star filled sky above me. I called my dog a few times until she finally came back to me and I grabbed her up. The object will still hanging above me, motionless and without a sound. I ran up the steps to the house and as I reached the porch, the triangle darted off toward in a northeasterly direction. I have no way of knowing just how high it was in the sky but it seemed to me that it must have been quite low due to the enormous span. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));35.1611;-120.6495
Triangle shaped craft flew over the ocean.;2000-10-08 09:00:00;5 sec;Triangle shaped craft flew over the ocean. I was on vacation for my Mother's birthday at Pismo Beach.  I was on the balcony of my hotel room relaxing and looking out over the ocean, when I saw a shooting star fall down towards the ocean. About a second after the shooting star was out of sight a triangle shaped thing shot across the ocean, over my hotel, and out of sight again.  It moved faster then anything I've ever seen before and without any sound.  It had four solid blue lights in a triangle formation on the bottom of the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Flawed date.  We assume the witness may have meant the year 2000.  We have amended the date, and will attempt to confirm it.  PD));35.1611;-120.6495
Black triangle with three white lights at each corner passed overhead slowly and silently at 9 pm in a residential area near hwy 101.;2021-05-03 21:00:00;Seconds;Black triangle with three white lights at each corner passed overhead slowly and silently at 9 pm in a residential area near hwy 101. I walked out onto my deck around 9 pm and sat down. I looked up and immediately saw a big black triangular shape floating above me traveling north from the south. It had three dim orb-like lights at each corner of its triangular shape. I watched as it passed overhead in complete silence and then looked in the direction it was heading, but I couldn’t see anything. There was a commercial flight in the sky at the same time that was much higher and brighter, so I could tell this was only a few hundred feet above me, nowhere near the altitude planes fly at. It was closer to a drone in its movement, but it made no sound. The object was moving north from the south, approximately over highway 101. Vandenberg Air Force Base is south of here and it could've been coming from that direction.;35.1611;-120.6495
