Tall, ash gray in colr,hairless, unseen face, flash of oval shpaed light in one area after going out of sight;2007-11-04 05:00:00;2 minutes;Tall, ash gray in colr,hairless, unseen face, flash of oval shpaed light in one area after going out of sight On Monday, November 4th, I approached the normal place that I park my truck to go hunting. The area is between my grandparents house and my great aunt house. I got out of my truck noticing my headlamp needed batteries. I had gotten out my gun and was proceeding to get my hunting clothes and some spare batteries, when I heard some dry palm fronds cracking about 50 to 60 yards away. The moon was about half full and I believe it was waxing at the time. I noticed a very tall figure that seemed to look ash gray colored and seemed to be looking straight at me. I was having a difficult time  realizing what exactly I was looking at. In just a brief second, the being began moving across in front of me at an amazing stride. I realized this was really happening to me and quickly grabbed  and loaded my gun, not knowing what to expect. the being proceeded across in font f me approximately 35 to 40 yards until it came to the end of the yard. Then, in this amazing stride it stepped over(not jumped) a 6 strand bob wire fence. The fence was about 41/2 to 5 ft tall. For about 5 seconds U thought I was going crazy, and started to doubt my eyes. Then, all of the sudden, about 150 -175 yards away, a flock of sandhill cranes just erupted and went crazy cackling and slapping wings. I started thinking h my god,thi is really happening. then out of no where I saw a flash of light that appeared in the shape of an oval about 20 feet long to my left about 50 ft. the flash was almost that of a camera but only n the ground in a specific place to my left. I very quickly decided to get back in my truck and wait until day light to go hunting. As I calmed down, I realized this being didn't seem to have any body hair . I never saw the face. It was very slender with long legs and arms. I was VERY uncomfortable in the deer stand that morning and got out of the woods early that day. I reluctantly decided to talk to y grandparent about  what happened in fear for them because they are in their mid eighties. My grandpa told me he had heard something tapping on his window a few days before. they then told me to tell the police, who referred me to the local game warden. He suggested that I go out to the open field where the being had stepped over the fence and look for tracks. At that time only a few feet into the field (which was thick mud mostly). I found the first track. It was about 11 inches long about four inches wide at the toes. their were only three toes. It was about 3 inches wide at the  heal. I found a total of 3 tracks: 1 Full track and 2 partials. The stride was about 6 to 7 feet long. I reported it to the game warden who seemed to be uninterested in believing me. So I unintelligently decided to just leave this issue alone. Hunting early in the morning has been very difficult for me now since the encounter. I thought this happened in late October. after reviewing the star I marked in my journal, I realized the exact date was Nov. 4th. I apologize for letting you and other people down by not moving forward sooner. If ever given the opportunity again (which seem amazingly li! kely) to me, I promise to report the incident immediately.;29.4581;-81.3271
