Orange rectangle with large flame inside, rotating within the rectangle, moving in straight line, a few thousand feet alt.;2014-06-14 22:45:00;~1 minute;orange rectangle with large flame inside, rotating within the rectangle, moving in straight line, a few thousand feet alt. UFO sighting Paris Ontario, Canada.  14 June 2014, 10:45 pm, give or take 15 min. (approx time) straight line N to S. First I thought it was a flying lantern or sightseeing balloon (but it was a dark clear sky and I assume they don't fly at night) as it was bright orange and flickering.  It at first seemed to be rising straight up from N of the town as I was facing N, then I realized it was high in sky approaching me (flew directly over the Fair grounds where I was camped).  (Still possible it did rise straight up then gradually increase altitude as it approached me.)  I think within a few seconds, it was a few thousand feet up, it gradually disappeared in size and brightness into the sky in the S at about a 20 degree angle from straight above me or about 70 degrees from the horizon if 90 degrees is straight up. Silent.  About same speed as a jet airliner, or faster.  Took less than a minute for whole sighting (est. did not time it) rectangular, length to width ratio not as long as a cell phone (a bit more square) orange, fuzzy edges, within it taking up about half or 40 percent of the total area was a fire or flame, aiming down but the flame was like looking directly at a jet plane exhaust or looking into the flaming nozzle of a gas fired device.  (flickering edges)  The centre of the orange flame was brighter, lighter color than orange.  The edges with the flames were slightly more intense color than the rectangle background, more of an orange-red.  see Photoshop image.  I have exaggerated the yellow edges to try to indicate the flame, there were no such yellow lines in the UFO.   The flaming star rotates around the rectangle clock-wise about every 1.5 to two seconds (without stopping.;43.19426;-80.4122
