summer nights;2002-07-10 19:00:00;TIME STOPPED IF FELT SHOR;summer nights WELL IT WAS A HOT SUMMER NIGHT right after our high school graduation. WE WERE ALL INSIDE A TOYOTA CAMRY parked outside of boxwood townhome, FACING OPPISITE DIRECTION OF CRAFT, WHEN I got out of vehicle I saw a light in sky that was like a magnetic feeling almost as if i knew it was there before I got out of vehicle. I kept on starring at light that apeared to be over randhurst mall or maybe further it was hard to tell distance due to how to compare and contrast,well anyway my friends also exited vehicle shortly and asked what I was starring at? I showed them they said it's just a light pole from mall.I told them to look closer and use the mall light poles as a way to tell if unidentified light would move, shortly it did. When we first saw it it was on right of mall light pole then on left. At this point this had our complete attention,would not see it move but port,it appeared to be over home depot but probably further but from our view it appeared over it. All four of us were talking asking what is it?who is it? out loud then when we realized it was directly over us,we never saw it move only when it stopped motion or hoverd over something, What we saw changed our lives, it was shaped like frisbee  metallic black and the light's we saw earlier where light all around ship except they all light up at differnt times but it was not lights it seemed to be synergy produced be craft, also craft was differnt then any material we had ever seen cause it kind  of had a liquid material surface or some sort of feild maybe that made it apear this way. The craft hovered and it did have a outer circuler part of craft that move counter clockwise but slowly almost seemed so slow it might have been really fast, the underneath looked still except the kind electric feild it had going, It made no noise at all. We were unable to move we were looking straight up in complete silence no one talked if was almost like they took control of our senses left us motionless, for what felt like five minutes. When we were! able ma ke motion we all reacted at same time,we all turned around and ran in mark house to his room when we lookoutside window ufo was gone.At this point we all new what we saw we started talking about it and we looked at the time a 1 hour had passed. We could not make sense of time span. One thing we all agreed on was that when we where looking up standing motionless many seens played very fast through our minds. Like when you fast forward something on video similar but faster and many differnt taste smells sounds colors. We were going to report this insident at time but people usually don't believe it until they see it and we knew it was going to be hard to convince people of what we had encounterd. The irony is we felt settled with what we had experienced that we felt that why bother trying to make people believe us we all knew what we saw and told each other we would always remember and cherish this. Ever since we all have developed ESP and we can do extrodinery thing's with our brains it almost as if they unlocked a part of our brain we did't know how to use before this,we all write and produce music.We also read prophecies of edgar casey and got our own <prophecies> and <visions> very frequent and stated we all play music together on occasion so we still keep contact. ((four names deleted));42.0648000000001;-87.9356000000002
My friends and I were walking in a park when we saw three flying disks in a v-formation flying low across the sky. They were going very;2019-09-20 08:27:00;2 minutes;My friends and I were walking in a park when we saw three flying disks in a v-formation flying low across the sky.  They were going very fast. A dog in the park started barking at it. We didn't see them again.;42.0648000000001;-87.9356000000002
