Was looking toward the west out of marshall. Green light flying to fast for an aircraft went from south to north at arms lenth about5 i;2006-11-28 19:00:00;about 7 seconds;Was looking toward the west out of marshall. Green light flying to fast for an aircraft went from south to north at arms lenth about5 inches off the horizon. I myself seen this same thing on 11/18/06 at about the same time. I was coming from weaverville nc to marshall and seen the same thing.;35.8597;-82.7105
Four balls of light over NC;2009-04-27 21:44:00;About 10 minutes;Four balls of light over NC I was sitting in my kitchen in April one night when I got a cell phone call from my mom (in the front yard) telling me she was watching something weird in the sky. Skeptical at best, and a little annoyed because it was cold, I went down to our driveway where she was standing beside our truck, which was still running. She pointed out a tiny light quite a distance off, and after watching it for a minute or two and seeing it was moving too slowly for a plane, I began taping it on my cell. The phone didn’t have a very good camera, and couldn’t zoom in enough to record the light, but it caught what was going on. Then another light appeared, and my mom cut the truck off and called my dad. Both lights were moving directly toward each other, and when they crossed paths, they seemed to twitch and spin around one another and then fade out. That was about when I couldn’t record anymore because my annoying little phone ran out of storage space. Before long, another light appeared, and then another, from different directions than the first two, (by now my dad was outside with us in his underwear muttering about how they were just planes) and they did the exact same thing as the first: meeting up, spinning around each other, and fading out not long after. By definition, they were UFOs. Past that I don’t know what they were. But planes fly over our house pretty frequently, and they don’t spin around each other or fade out. These lights were white at first, but would change briefly to red or orange, like a star. They were far away and high up, I can’t say how far though. Both my parents were skeptical- my dad’s not a big believer in UFO’s and such, and my mom basically doesn’t care. But both of them admitted these lights were pretty weird.;35.8597;-82.7105
I watched and noticed that the object was also moving up, down, sideways and directions that would have been impossible for even a heli;2012-02-03 21:30:00;20 minutes;At approximately 9:30 Pm I was watching T.V. and saw a bright blue/green ball of light fall from the sky out my window.  It appeared to fall within ¼ mile from my house.  When I went outside and looked to the south eastern sky I noticed a bright reddish/orange light moving horizontally across the sky.  I watched and noticed that the object was also moving up, down, sideways and directions that would have been impossible for even a helicopter to move.  It would change directions at right angles very quickly.  I called my son and father in law to watch and we all agreed that whatever we were seeing could not be a conventional aircraft of any kind.   The object stayed around for about twenty minutes then just vanished from the sky?;35.8597;-82.7105
