This was my Prom night last year, basically my date and I were on our way back to my house, we were on route by my car and I noticed an;1998-05-16 02:30:00;40 seconds;This was my Prom night last year, basically my date and I were on our way back to my house, we were on route by my car and I noticed an object that was not familiar to me, hovering at a good distance above my highschool. I pulled into the empty school parking lot and got out with my date in aww. We both just stared and right before our eyes it got smaller and disapeared. This sighting occurred on the night of my senior prom. After the prom my date and i decided to go back to my house so i could get my tux off, and prepare for the rest of the night. The road back into town is wooded, comming up the road i noticed a light up in the sky, I knew something was odd about this light but it didnt click until my date said something to me, she was not from the area and asked me what the light in the sky was. I first of all would have misplaced it as a plain right off the bat, but it was idle and had no lights that indicated it could be a plain, so i said  you know what i dont know what it is so at that point we just watched it until we got closer and closer. I was really in sort of an amazement when we finally got to my highschool parking lot and this object was still hovering up in the sky pretty much over my school. Of course we were the only two people there. My date and i got out, neither one of us saying anything, I looked up as intently as i could and observered this A white glowing ovalish ball, with other off white colors on towards the bottom of the ufo. After about 20 seconds of starring in disbelief the object shrunk right before our eyes to a pinPoint and was gone...just like that. I felt something at that moment, I can say it was almost like it knew we were there observing it, almost like it could feel our presence and didnt want to be starred at any longer like we got a long enough look. Just writing this and thinking back gives me shivers.But let me keep you interested not more than 2 nights later My aunt was smoking outside on the porch and a ufo flew above the sky over the house i was there but not nearly quick enough to respond to a yell of astonishment. I have other relatives who have also seen ufos here in Maine. Does life exist outside our world ? I feel ignorant just typing that (  8 >;43.6820432432432;-70.3583405405405
bright light in the sky in westbrook maine  ((NUFORC Note:  Either Venus, or a twinkling star??  PD));2010-05-24 20:00:00;30 minutes;bright light in the sky in westbrook maine On several different occasions I have seen an object in the sky hovering in the distance.  It seems to have an illuminating light that sparkles like a diamond would, and pulsates every few seconds.  It also appears to have lights that travel around its oval . I have seen this in several different parts of the sky as well as closer and further in distance but usually generally in the same area. I have witnessed this  on three occasions with several different people.  I am finding others have seen this as well and are questioning themselves.  Is it a star?  Is it a space ship?  Is it the space station?   WHAT IS IT?  But we have never seen a star so bright before. and its new. only a few weeks old and doesn't appear to always be there.  Is it a space ship?;43.6820432432432;-70.3583405405405
