Silver Ball in Lightning storm  -  update  - not a hoax!;2014-09-03 19:30:00;5 minutes;Silver Ball in Lightning storm  -  update  - not a hoax! Hi I filed this report, and put my phone# at work, but you think I am hoaxing you. I am NOT, I supplied you with my work# but, here is my work mobile #704-xxx-xxxx  The company I work is funny about emails to my work address and I generally don't give out my personal address.  Please feel free to call me.  My original report -  Silver ball in lightning storm.   ((NUFORC Note: We wonder whether this report is an attempt to hoax us. Even though though the report appears to be carefully prepared, the witness does not provide an e-address, and the telephone number is not his…it belongs to someone else. We can only conclude that the report may be a hoax. PD))   Hello,  I witnessed something last night I cannot explain. I got home around 6:30 and decided to take a load off and chill on my deck. I wear prosthetic legs and those things really rub me raw sometimes. So I tossed them on the bed and quickly made my way to the deck to enjoy a beverage. I was sitting there relaxing when a storm began rolling in from the west. I figured I had few minutes before I had to drag myself back into the house, so I watched the clouds forming and lightning flashing in the distance, amazing stuff!  As the storm was about a mile off, I noticed a shiny object in the clouds, lit up by lightening. I thought it was a jet liner trying to get to CLT before it got diverted. Boy was I wrong!  The more I watched the more I realized it was not a plane. It would seemingly tele-port from one area to the next in and out of the storm, and then far away. Needless to say I was stunned, and I totally lost track of the time and the storm. Within minutes the storm was right on top of my house, and so was the silver object, which I can now see was a huge ball! I watched, helplessly as it danced in and out of the clouds seemingly feeding off the lighting. I was terrified more of the object than of being struck by lighting. I've watched enough shows on cable to know what happens next.  I could feel all the hairs on my arms and stumps standing up! But I wasn't sure if it was from the object or the storm! The thing was no farther than 300 ft from the top of my house at one point! It appeared to be about 100 feet in diameter and changed colors rapidly. Unbelievable! Of course this is the one time I left the phone on the kitchen table...  That is the last thing I remember doing last night after I saw that damn thing! I woke up today a bit disoriented, and sore.  Any help or explanation from you guys would really set my mind at ease.;35.2274860649824;-81.1581864981955
