We are right outside of Charlotte Nc and Saturday the 25th at around 10-1030 pm my husband and I were outside and both noticed what at;2011-06-20 10:30:00;2-4 min??;We are right outside of Charlotte, NC, and Saturday the 25th at around 10-10:30 pm my husband and I were outside and both noticed what at first looked like 1 light as it got closer you could tell it was 2 (low enough to tell they had some sort of shape to them, but too bright causing almost a sort of shadowing so couldn't make the shape out) that were not blinking and were EXTREMELY low right around cloud level.   There were several airplanes headed toward the airport which is only 10 miles from us) and these lights appeared much lower and slower in speed, and the lights were moving independently of each other at first, but continuously circling around each other yet maintaining a straight consistent travel pattern.  As they passed over our house, the lights moved even closer together and were in such synch with each other in movement.  For some reason the movement reminded me of a boomerang pattern. (My husband doesn't agree about the boomerang thing so I guess its all in perception).  I still cannot believe what we saw and it was most definitely not a plane, helicopter, balloon or shooting star.  Also, they made no noise that we cold hear even being as low as they were.   We called around and found no information which is odd being that the air control monitors so closely and this is so close to Charlotte Douglas Airport and the whatever the heck it was being so low.  Looking on google at that  date, I was able to find many articles and pictures from other people all over the country, but so far none locally....   Another site I contacted later emailed me and said he had been called by someone that night about 10 miles from us and they reported seeing it as well  Someone else HAD to see it.  There were several planes coming in and it was a relatively clear night… It was just so odd.   It is hard to put into words because it truly was something I have never seen.  Also the lights appeared white or soft yellow and not blue or red like I have seen some people mention.   As it went over us my husband and I both could only stand there in the middle of our yard pointing with our mouths wide open is disbelief...  I honestly STILL can’t wrap my mind around it...   I’ve never been a disbeliever (actually I’ve never had an opinion either way), but I NEVER thought WE would be those people who saw one...whatever it was.   My friends keep joking telling me its swamp gas or a weather balloon...  It was by NO means any type of balloon.  It was flying, albeit gracefully, but not floating... We both keep saying we can’t believe how low it actually was...  I can only guess it/they (cause it appeared 2 be 2 at some point) was only traveling about 35 -50 mph at the point we saw it.  We watched until the trees hid it from our view.;35.2274860649824;-81.1581864981955
We have our photos and thats all you need t prove our strange sightings.;2011-10-23 06:30:00;4minutes;We have our photos and thats all you need t prove our strange sightings. This photo was capture on a wild life photo camera, while trying to take pictures about the wild life. When the pictures were taken you may see that there is a bright light with three beems flashing outwards away. Also its changing the movment in the pictures, as if it is at the top left then middle right and then bottom left and then disappears. And the description of the enviroment it was taken at was in a wooded area with three deers under it, while it was seen. Our family noticed this strage pictures while viewing this from our camera. The camera also has been in the same tree for months take these pictures of our wild life, and has not moved.;35.2274860649824;-81.1581864981955
