Navy-dark sky blue see through balls 10 or so inches in diameter with an orange core inside.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));2009-10-28 18:00:00;dream;Navy-dark sky blue see through balls 10 or so inches in diameter with an orange core inside that was about 3-4 inches in diameter  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD)) I went to sleep at 7am in the morning.  I had a dream that my parents bought a new house and then a friend and I where checking out a room in the house. The room had a back sliding door (glass).  We went outside for some reason and down from the sky past a tree with no leaves a bunch of these tiny balls floated down. well they didnt float they descended down under their own power it seemed but slowly.they started out as barely visible dots in the sky.  These balls looked to be about 10 inches in diameter maybe a little bigger.  The balls I saw were see through navy- light blue that looked plastic with a solid orange core about 3-4 inches in diameter.  They floated around us and we ran inside. One of the balls managed to get in and i picked it out of the air with both my hands cuped around the bottom of the ball.  I dont remember it feeling like plastic or not like plastic, i just remember it feeling like a smooth surface thats how plastic probably feels im sure.  It was very light pretty much weightless.  Anyways it came in and I picked it out of the air and put it outside quickly because i was freaking out on some calm level. when i tryed to shove it outside I closed the door while i was putting it out there so it couldnt get back in kind of what someone would do if they we putting a bug outside. when i put it out it seemed like it tried to get back in as it was ascending but couldnt fit through the 3 inch crack of the door. It ended up going straight up and over the house and the gutter. After that in my dream i was trying to call the police but i couldnt for some reason. Then this is the seemingly fake part that makes me think it really was just a dream. It was a dream but ever since i woke up it just felt so real i have never had such a realistic dream in my life ok heres the fake part. After the ball went over the house i went to the front of the house and there was this small auditorium facing a bunch of glass doors not sliding ! doors like in the back of the house but like office building d! oors. th e seats were facing the front doors. On one of the seats of the auditorium was this sprinkler head looking thing spewing out some kind of dark smoke on two side as it was spinning. it was deployed from one of the balls im pretty sure, so then i grabbed it off the back of the seat and threw it outside onto the ground. Then for some reason the auditorium was full of young to middle age people after i turned back from throwing the sprinkler looking thing out the front door. I remember this all vividly and perfectly but the end part is a little hazy. I remember telling anyone around me to call the police and the military. The police never showed up but i do remember a military guy wearing a decked out military navy blue uniform with lots of metals like you would see on a navy officers coat. Most of the metal were on his left breast like in real life. The military guy was the only one in uniform and he was in the front row of the full auditorium standing up looking at me along wi! th a few others in the front row standing up. He was the only one that stuck out in my mind. This all was probably just a dream. All my logical tells me it was just a dream but my emotions and feelings and body tell me it was real. It was so vivid, it seemed so real and it still does, even while typing this up 3 hours after I had this dream. I have never seen or heard about these types of blue balls with the orange centers so i dont know where i would get the idea about them. very strange. After i woke up i looked outside to see if they were out there and thinking that they would be there was nothing. This was not at all dissappointing i hope to god it was not real it really freaked me out. I was scared when the balls came down the only reason i grabed the one and put it outside is because no one else was going to so i had to and i feared for my life. same with the sprinkler thing i thought it was trying to harm me in some way. It was probably just a dream but if not i don! t want to see it again and for that matter i hope i never drea! m about it again. disturbing.  I appologize for wasting anyones time for reading this if it was just a dream. I just felt like i really really had to tell someone about this and see if anyone has had a similar dream or experience. i looked on the internet to see if these ball things were common but i couldnt find any thing similar. thank you for your time.;39.5678;-76.6026
