Cigar shaped object and dual lights turing and disappearing over horizon at extreme altitude;1997-07-28 21:30:00;5 minutes;Cigar shaped object and dual lights turing and disappearing over horizon at extreme altitude In June or July of 1997 me and four friends were on the porch of my mothers house hanging out. A row of trees follow the road in front of her house, obstructing most of the sky in that direction. That's why I found it so unusual to see lights in the sky coming down the road from that direction. I immediately knew, from years of being on the porch, that you can not see airplanes in the sky from there when the tree's are full of leaves in the summer. I got up and walked out to the road so the trees would not obstruct my vision. One of my friends followed me. We saw a cigar shaped aircraft, flying from left to right in our direction. It was upright or vertical. We could not see the actual craft, but a red light on the top and bottom- solid, not blinking- gave us an idea of what shape it was. By the time we reached the road to see it, it was some 600 yards away, no more than 500 feet off the ground. It was silent and around 100 feet in height. We only got a full, unobstructed view for about five to ten seconds before it went behind a large hill directly across from our location. The friend that saw it with me was quite excited, and his loud exclamations of Holy ****! brought the other three people off of the porch to see what the commotion was all about. We told them what happened. As we were about to get in a car and drive down the road to the other side of the hill and see where the object had gone, a white light, about half the size of the original object, arose from behind the hill about 300 yards from where we were. It quickly shot directly up and disappeared into the night sky. Once again, there was no noise. We remained outside for several hours. With all of us excited about what we had seen, we spent much of that time gazing at the stars. Because of that, we observed two other strange objects that otherwise would have went unnoticed. They were like dim stars, seemingly not within the atmosphere. I originally thought they were satellites, as I had observed them before. The peculiar thing was there were two of them, with the second trailing the lead one closely. We watched them go halfway across the sky above us, at about the speed of a satelitte, when suddenly the lead light made a 90 degree turn to our right. The second followed accordingly. Their speed remained constant, and we watched them disappear over the western horizon. If there would only have been one, and it had not have turned, I would have thought it normal space debris. However, due to its maneuvering, I believe it obviously was not. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness, and have found him to be exceptionally credible.  This is one of two reports submitted by the same witness.  The date is approximate.  PD));36.61642;-82.1860640000001
