Explosion of lights appear upon request;1992-12-31 23:00:00;1 hour;Explosion of lights appear upon request It was New Year's Eve,1991 or 1992. I was 12 or 13-years-old, and my father was having a New Year's Eve Party at his house. One of the guests had two boy's about my age, so we were playing outside as young boys do. My father lives in a subdivision atop a hill in a culdesac surrounded by woods. As we were playing in the culdesac, we began to see strange lights at the bottom of the hill in the woods. I remeber atleast two sets of them. They were white and moved back and forth for atleast 30 to 45 minutes. The trees obstructed our line of sight, so all we could only see the glow of the lights some 200 yards away, and not what was causing them. We urged the adults to come outside and look, to which they resonded in typical adult fashion for us to go along and keep playing our little games. When we returned outside the lights were still there. Even in my pre-teens, I was quite the open minded individual. So, I dedcided we should try and communicate with them. By this point the two other boys with me were becoming quite scared, yet I was relaxed.We stood in the culdesac and I literally said, If there is something out there give us a sign. Nothing happened, at first. We had been outside in the cold December night for nearly an hour, and the others really wanted to go in at this point. But I urged them to wait just a few more minutes. Once again, I said, If there is something out there, give us a sign. Immediately following my second request, a bright star lit up in the apex of the sky directly above us. Though looking towards the woods, when the star appeared we all three simutaneously looked up. The star shot down from the sky, followed by a tail, and struck a wooded, rather large hill about a mile from our vantage point. It was silent- no boom when it hit- yet it cast the most brilliant display of colors I have ever seen across half of the horizon in that direction. The colors bloomed upward from where the star hit. I remember alot of green, red and orange. From the moment I asked for a sign for the second time up until the display of colors vanished was probablly only 10 to 15 seconds. But, without a doubt, the most memorable 15 seconds of my life. After this happened, even I was a little spooked. I in no way expected such an awe inspiring response. Needless to say, we all ran back inside and did not return to the culdesac again that night. I am sure someone else had to have seen this, but heard nothing. I was young, yet read the paper and watched the news for several days afterwards and found nothing about the explosion of color. About four years ago I ran into one of the boys that were with me. I mentioned to him the peculiar New year's Eve incident and he acted kind of like I was crazy. he literally forgotten- or subconciously omitted- the experience from his memory. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness, and have found him to be exceptionally credible.  This is one of two reports submitted by the same witness.  The date is approximate.  PD));36.61642;-82.1860640000001
((NUFORC Note:  No information provided by witness.  PD));2014-09-11 21:00:00;~10 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information about sighting.  PD));36.61642;-82.1860640000001
