Strange white lights close to the ground;2016-09-11 03:00:00;3+ hours;Strange white lights close to the ground I’m not sure if this is the place to report this but it has me worried and I’m not sure exactly what I did see. I awoke at 3 AM and went to use the bathroom.  For some reason I looked out the window, I was on the second floor, and started noticing strange lights on my neighbors’ property.  At first I thought it was a vehicle shining lights on the trees or the barn, but longer I looked the more I realized it wasn’t a vehicle. I could never really see the source of the lights as there is a tree line between our properties, but they were in multiple places in their pasture and beyond to the woods behind their property.  I could catch a glimpse of some sort of white light moving about.   They must have been staying close to the ground because they kept up- lighting the trees. The lights turned on and off, sometimes fading out, sometimes shutting off like someone threw a switch.  They moved around, they made no sound.  One thing I did notice was right above that area was some small lightning bolts every now and then. There was no thunder. When I looked up all I saw were stars.  We did have storms come through although not until after sunrise. I watched the lights for more than 3 hours.  I was moving from window to window trying to figure it out.  I woke my husband up to look at them.  He did see them and went back to bed.  I was too worried to go back to sleep and too afraid to wander onto their property alone to try to get a better look. I went up to check with the neighbors (after sunrise) and they heard and saw nothing.  They were in bed. After I thought about it, I believe I saw those lights once before.  I wrote it off as the neighbor being out on his tractor late at night.  I guess it wasn’t so. If anyone knows what this might be or could tell me what kind of camera I could use to try to capture this if it happens again, I would greatly appreciate it.;43.3774;-73.3005999999998
Bright light traveling alongside the road.;2019-09-16 21:00:00;5 minutes;Bright light traveling alongside the road. A couple nights ago on the way home at around 9 pm, I saw a bright light coming up along the road.  It was exactly like this picture, except much brighter.  At first it looked far off, but as I drove, it then looked real close and not to far up in the sky.  It was so unusual that I pulled over to get a better look.  Then I opened the window to get an even better look.  It looked just like in this picture with the rays going in all directions.  There were no flashing colored lights like a plane or jet.  It must have been pretty bright because the whole area was lit up.  What really hit me was the silence, it was dead quiet.  No sounds whatsoever.   Then I got a bit scared and reached for my phone to take a video or picture.  I looked over to pick up the phone off the passenger seat and when I looked back, the light was gone.   This area is huge pastures and hay fields.  It wasn't anywhere in the sky, like it disappeared. For the next ten miles home, I scoured the sky, nothi! ng. I keep seeing this light in my mind and can't stop thinking about it.;43.3774;-73.3005999999998
