Strange object seen above Long Island, NY, that I cannot explain.;2016-03-08 16:35:00;5 minutes;Strange object seen above Long Island, NY, that I cannot explain. I was standing in the kitchen with my wife, looking out the window, as I often do, when I noticed a strange object in the sky.   I immediately knew I was seeing something that I do not see regularly, but as I watched it, I became fascinated.   I quickly went outside and watched what appeared to be a pyramid like shape, very dark, possibly metallic black in color slowly hovering towards us.   I was thinking drone at first but it seemed too high up in the sky to be anything controlled from the ground.   It continued to move toward us slowly, and I couldn't take my eyes off it for a second.  I thought maybe it was some kind of strange helicopter (it seemed to be about that size) and I thought I could see some kind of swirling above it, but I could not focus on anything for sure.  I then noticed two very small objects hovering around it.  One stayed kind of below it and the other to the right of it.  They would seem to change distances from the object, but never move to far towards it or away.   These objects were coming out of the east and then turned and started moving higher into the sky and north.  I thought I saw it wobble a bit before it headed north.  The smaller objects also looked very dark, black and would occasionally glint like metal from the sun for a second, just as the larger pyramid like structure did.   As it began to climb and head north, it appeared to have an energy bubble around it for a few seconds.  It was light blue (cyan) circle of energy around it and my heart started racing when I saw this.  It was quite visible first and maybe a minute later I saw it again but very faint.   As it continued North, I began to start thinking about it and if it was some kind of strange balloon?  It made no noise at all.  It continued North until it faded from my vision.   My wife ran to get my binoculars but by that time it was very distant.  She wears glasses and did not have them with her, so was unable to see any details. I don't know what I saw, but it was very strange.  I keep thinking it could have been some kind of very elaborate balloon, but it feels like my rational mind is just trying to make sense of it.  I've never seen anything in the sky even remotely like this and I hope that some of the other millions of Long Islanders have seen this and can give more information.   I love to hear your updates each week on Coast to Coast, but I never thought I was going to see anything to report, but I quickly thought of you afterwards and felt it was my responsibility to report this, even if it was just some hoax.   I'm sorry I didn't take any pictures but I couldn't move and I don't carry my phone around with me.  I hope my report is of some use to you!  I hope someone took pictures!   Keep up the great work and keep looking up!    Best Regards,   ((name delete)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hello Peter!  I wanted to let you know I did contact news 12 to report my sighting, but the experience was not favorable.  I should mention that I have empathic abilities and also intuitive flashes.  When I spoke to the individual on the phone, I could immediately sense hostility towards me and the information I was trying to convey.  Not only that but this person was frustrated by how many people like me were also trying to report such sightings.  I could sense his hands were tied concerning this subject.  Finally to my disbelief, although it was over 3 hours since the sighting, when I asked if anyone else had called in to report a similar sighting he said no but I was certain he was lying. Well that's about it.  This experience has changed my life and thanks again for doing what you do.;40.7305069767442;-73.4317069767443
