I was camping out with a friend in another friend's Christmas tree farm north of Murphysboro.  We had dragged two lawn chairs out into;1981-08-01 22:00:00;2 mins;I was camping out with a friend in another friend's Christmas tree farm north of Murphysboro.  We had dragged two lawn chairs out into the area and were laying in the field enjoying the summer weather.  We were sitting there talking when all of a sudden I noticed something coming towards us in the distance.  At first, it appeared to be a plane, but as it got closer, it was clear that it was shaped like a circle and had lights of different colors around the bottom.  It was completely silent and seemed low to the ground, not as high as an airplace.  It blocked out the stars as it passed very slowly directly above us.  My friend freaked out and began shooting at the object with his pellet gun.  Seriously.  He was an unusual fellow.  I told him to put it away, because they may take it as a threat, so he stopped and we watched it continue over the woods to our north.  Of course, this is something I will never forget and I remember it like it was yesterday. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.7655;-89.3316
At 6:22 pm Me and my friend where standing out side looking at the planet x that is close by then I spotted a very bright light that ca;2012-01-25 18:22:00;2 hour;At 6:22 pm Me and my friend where standing out side looking at the planet x that is close by then I spotted a very bright light that came from the horizon to where i was now looking straight in the air both moved  faster than what a plane does and another one came from straight in the air and flew down towards the horizon now as both of them are moving in different directions they are a few feet apart from colliding with each other and the one that was straight in the air instantly stopped and the one flying towards the horizon disapeard into the sky.  The other one was alot farther away it was like a blue and red strob flashing and it was flyiing everywhere in the night sky.;37.7655;-89.3316
