2 objects (drone like) but fast multiple  DNA Flight path maneuvers with bright blue yellow white , lights ... Eclipse Night.;2010-12-21 02:25:00;8 minutes;2 Objects (Drone Like) but fast multiple  DNA Flight path  maneuvers with bright blue yellow white, lights ... Eclipse Night:  I noticed there is a report in NJ of an object seen the same Day , so i wish to report what I saw ... I was trying to video the Morning ( 1am- 3AM ) Eclipse. So i can exactly know the time date , location to a precise event time . It was Half Way through the Eclipse totality, when 2 Objects (Could of been Drones),  However NJ Laws /Federal Drone Laws require you must keep drones in Visible View when piloting.  Unless these were Military or of Unknown nature  I was sitting down on the grass when i notice the first object at a height of no more than just 100ft or less, come directly and I mean directly over the house, and head towards my Field upon reaching reaching the border of the field the first object literally stopped  and proceeded to turn on a extremely high degree angle and started headed NNW . This is when i witnessed a display of exception flying , they in tandem proceeded to do a DNA helix flyby  across the field , and then traverse the treeline and went out of sight for about 2 mins , i noticed the lights move towards the North then North East and lost sight due east . At that point i came in and told my wife ... and thought i would never see them again , then about 20-25 Mins later the 2 Objects this time side by side had come from the SSE and Shot past at an extreme speed ( as i continued to watch the eclipse). Sadly I was more setup to record the Eclipse and not ready to obtain video footage . I doubt this could of been a Civil Drone due to the area covered at least 30 Miles + in total viewable flight path  This event occurred In between the ACY/FAA TC and FRT DIX MCGR JAFB so maybe they know more about this than we currently do . What ever it was it was Spectacular display of Flying  one would fly up and over and around the over still moving forward up over and around ... In The Dark at 2am in the morning , and being on the edge of the Pine Barrens;39.638;-74.7728
they travel very fast in single line in the sky traveling from the west.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-28 00:00:00;South Jersey;The light were in formation, nothing like i ever seen in my life.they travel very fast in single line in the sky traveling from the west to the east.. i mean it was a view and all in one line . Crazy nothing  like i ever seen . No trails no flashing light like our aircraft have i counted 25 and its unbelievable all in straight line symmetrical i never seen anything like this ever;39.638;-74.7728
