Long white cigar shaped object seen over McMinnville Oregon heading south;2000-10-30 16:00:00;5 minutes;Long white cigar shaped object seen over McMinnville Oregon heading south In the late afternoon of October 30, 2000 I observed a white cigar shaped craft overhead in McMinnville Oregon.It was low enough to observe no wings,no vapor trail and was slightly narrowed in the center of its length.It was traveling north to south and the speed was the same as that of a jet,but was low enough that if it had wings would have been plainly seen.I live in Aurora Oregon, but visit my girlfriend in McMinnville and I was outside smoking as I always do since she doesnt like cigarette smoke Note:I did not write down the exact time but was around 16:00-17:00;45.21;-123.2003
Blue cigar shaped craft spotted over McMinnville oregon-;2004-10-25 00:00:00;30 seconds;Blue cigar shaped craft spotted over McMinnville oregon- On October 25 2004, I was standing outside my friends house and smoking a cigarette and talking on the phone.   This was the first of many events like this in this town.  I have known many people who have seen UFOs around this area.  Even a famous world-renowned photo was taken of a UFO in McMinnville-   First, I just put out my cigarette...and then I noticed a star in the middle of the sky.  Clouds were hanging around but there were clear patches where I could see stars.  But this one looked really cigar shaped.  I watched it twinkle and throb for a minute...when suddenly it just took off across the sky...but it did some very theatrical moves!   I was shocked.  A pretty star turned into a light show.  For about 25-30 seconds this thing hung in the shy...But when it finally left....its movements were so intense!  It was a very light blue in color with a very noticable glow.  And was long and cigar shaped.  I could see it plain as anything.  It was so noticable.  I have wondered if anyone else saw it that night as well- It was the only thing I have ever seen move that fast!   It did a zig-zag through the sky and left.  That was it- But it was unbelievable-  And I never thought I could get to see something like this again..but I have...and I will post more of those reports.  I will try to remember every little detail-   Thanks, and I swear that everything from my words is true- I am just a searcher.  It means so much that I can be open about this- ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.21;-123.2003
