UFO seen above hills in McMinnville Oregon- (2 witness see UFO 5+ occasions-);2006-07-01 01:00:00;15 minutes;UFO seen above hills in McMinnville Oregon- (2 witness see UFO 5+ occasions-)   I was honored enough to have seen a UFO before this incident. So, I feel blessed writing this. I am scared about talking too much about this. A friend of mine and I were star-gazing at his home in the hills of McMinnville- Which is miles up into the forest. We had noticed this bright star. Similar to the one I saw a few years earlier. But this wasnt blue as that one was. This was almost metal. It shined like a big ball of aluminum foil. We watched it bob up and down for about 15 minutes. It would jet from one part of the sky to the next. And seemed almost unstable. Kept wobbling as it hovered. It did little designs as it flew. Almost like seeing how it flew in our atmosphere. Very much like trying to drive on ice...it seemed strange. I got my lighter out and flicked it. And the crafts glow got really bright when I did that. CONTACT!!! It saw me and it was very much like Close Enounters....It was INTENSE!! I was crying from shock- I felt suddenly very emotional and got very sleepy and we tried to talk about it later and couldnt hardly speak words about it- We would literally stutter....and it still is hard to talk about! Ever since, I have been drawn to the subject strongly- Almost spiritually-  As my friend went to get a coat for me...it burst out of sight. WE have seen this craft or one like it over 5 times. And I keep going back to see it and once in a while its still there... Thanks- And Again- I take a personal oath to my intent and truth- ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.21;-123.2003
Big Metal Ball. Glowing.;2006-12-15 00:01:00;20 minutes;Big Metal Ball. Glowing. It was about midnight on a dark starry night in late 2006.  A friend and I had been having long talks outside beside the trees of the surrounding forest.  We were just chatting when I noticed a star that was especially bright and seemed to almost bob up and down.  It was a little windy that night so I can see its movement.  It would move across the sky in strange patterns and sometimes would just stop and observe.  I felt watched.  Deeply.  My friend started to cry and after the event neither of us could describe it without getting tongue tied.  I still remember it.  It was so bright and looked like a big metal ball.  It almost seemed to have a character about it.  As if itself were a being.  It was the most mind altering experience and really brought out the truth in me...  McMinnville is a place for UFOs .... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.21;-123.2003
Four Amber/Orange Lights Seen South of McMinnville, Or.;2011-02-05 20:00:00;2-3 min.;Four Amber/Orange Lights Seen South of McMinnville, OR. Witnesses were coming back to Hopewell, OR. from Grande Ronde, OR.  Night sky was partly cloudy, temps in the 40's, dry.   Witness #2 was driving, when witness #1 spotted the 2 higher objects first at 30 degrees off the horizon, then she noticed the second pair of objects lower in the sky at 15 degrees and to left of the higher objects and then witness pointed out to her friend.  She said, What are those lights?   Both women were driving north east bound on Hwy 18, a few miles south of McMinnville, Or.  The objects were toward the NE, south of McMinnville. Then they made their right turn onto Bellvue-Hopewell Hwy 153 towards witness #2's home.  They drove about 200 feet and stopped the car to take a look at the objects.  Driver was so interested in what these objects were, that is why she pulled the vehicle over.  Both women stayed in the car and watched the objects. They had photo cell phones, but objects were so far away, a photo would not have showed up.  Objects estimated to be south of McMinnville, over farm land.  Maybe a few miles from witnesses or closer. This area is mostly rural and farms. Watching the 2 higher objects, one moved towards the other, closing the gap between them, they stayed like that for a few seconds.  One disappeared from the higher group.  Then the 2 lower objects disappeared.   Witness described that the 2 lower ones did not seem to move, as she was focused on the higher objects.  Then the last object disappeared, witness did not know if maybe it may have been covered by the clouds. There was no sound.  Color was a dark amber to orange in color.  Steady light, round, noticed no other lights flashing on object.  No aircraft in area, as McMinnville has an airport and Evergreen Helicopters is located there.  Witness stated, it did not look like any aircraft, as no marker lights were noticed. One witness is retired and the other is a small business owner. ((NUFORC Note:  The source of this report is well known to us, and we consider her to be highly reliable.  PD));45.21;-123.2003
Seen over McMinnville, Oregon.;2014-09-08 06:00:00;15 seconds;seen over McMinnville Oregon. Driving out by the airport,the sky was dark but clear.  I looked out the passenger window and couldn't explain what I saw. There was a plume of smoke with a bright large (maybe 10ft a cross ,it was difficult to gage how far into the distance it was ,or how high in the sky it was.)  It looked like a giant flash light was shining down.  I thought it was a meteor, but it didn't seem to be moving, nor did it look like what I'd expect a meteor ,or astroid ,or what have you.  There was no tail, it was more compact.....stumpy.   The man driving decided to pull over so he could get a better look, but just as he said it the light blinked a couple times and the just went out.  Right when it went out, there seemed to be a little piece of something that was burning.  It shot off to the upper left and immediately it burnt out.  And that was it.  All that was left was a poor of smoke. I was stunned, and I thought for sure with its size and the 15 seconds that I saw it, (let alone the actual filtration of time it was present) I  was SURE somebody, somewhere had caught it with their cell phone, or camera.  But, nothing.  I heard nothing about it. I don't know what I saw, but I know it was something extraordinary.   Finding this site helped me see that maybe I saw something even more unusual.;45.21;-123.2003
Bright circular light shot straight down to the horizon out of vision. Light was either white or bright blue and made no sound.;2020-08-25 10:45:00;1-2 seconds;Bright circular light shot straight down to the horizon out of vision.  Light was either white or bright blue and made no sound.;45.21;-123.2003
