I was watching fire works with binoculars, and I saw something weird. As I watched it, I ruled out the possibility of a plane or fire w;1997-07-04 22:14:00;50 seconds;Summary : I was watching fire works with binoculars, and I saw something weird. As I watched it, I ruled out the possibility of a plane or fire work. Well, I was standing outside watching the firecrackers go off through binoculars, when i noticed something in the air. I focused in on it, and i saw that it wasn't a plane. it had red/orange lights on it, and around it. it was just kind of hovering, not moving like you see a plane. Then I lost site of it. I scanned the sky, and found it. It had shooted up at a very fast speed, and at a really steep angle. Now it was hovering over a field. I went inside to get my camera, and when i came back outside, it was gone. It never appeared again. Also, this has nothing to do with it, but a picture taked in the 50's of a UFO, well the people are my neighbors! The thing I saw was disked shaped, and it slopped up on the sides to form almost a triangle shape.;45.21;-123.2003
Was walking to my car approximately midnight and saw a bright red object near the vicinity of Jupiter (due West, approx. 15 degrees abo;2016-05-20 00:05:00;10-15 minutes;Was walking to my car approximately midnight and saw a bright red object near the vicinity of Jupiter (due West, approx. 15 degrees above the horizon) which I mistook for Mars at first.  The object proceeded to grow dimmer and brighter with no particular pattern as it moved South-Southwest through the sky.  Moved about five degrees then went from being a single point of light to a dim, hazy disc (still reddish) with some wobbly angular momentum.  It seemed to come down near the South end of town, but it was very hard to perceive any dimensions on the craft, including its position in regular space.  It almost looked like a popped balloon when it was near the ground, and I would say it was, except for its bizarre behavior when it was in the sky and the fact that it only took about 5 minutes to descend, which would be impossible from its (apparent) height, even for an object in free-fall.;45.21;-123.2003
