We were out enjoying the full moon.  These things appeared, from over the hills.  I was the first to see them, and it took me about 3 s;1997-11-14 21:15:00;~10 sec.;Summary : We were out enjoying the full moon.  These things appeared, from over the hills.  I was the first to see them, and it took me about 3 seconds to speak!  I said, What the hell is THAT?!  We all stood up to watch.  Then ran over to the crest of the hill to see if we could see them anymore.  It was an incredible sight.  They came from the West and were heading East.  There were 3 at first, then the last (smallest) faded.  They were beautiful!!  We sat there for another hour, dumbfounded could hardly speak. There were 3, it seemed.  Each had 3, I think, bright white lights in front of them. I think there may have been something in between those 3 lights, but I couldn't see it clearly.  One of those 3 lights seemed to be a bit bigger and brighter than the other two. They each had these tails that were golden, and came out of those front lights like perfect rectangles!  I mean, the tops and bottoms were a perfect straight line, and there was golden glittery stuff in them.  The glitter was of different sizes, too.  Not all the same size.  And NO glitter was outside of those rectangles!  They were cruising right along, but not zipping by.  They were absolutely silent.  They followed the contour of the land.  It seemed they were about a mile away from us (very hard to judge), so taking that into consideration, with my hand as a guide, I'd say they were about 6 above the horizon.  The first two were overlapping each other, but the 3rd, and smallest, was behind a bit.  I could se! e it more clearly.  I thought about reporting it, but didn't know who to call!  Then, as one of the women was driving home, she heard on the radio that there'd been sightings all the way up to Seattle!  The Oregonian tried to say it was Space Junk. A rocket!! Ha!  There is NO way that was either one!!  It was incredible.;45.21;-123.2003
Several light orbs sighted over McMinnville, Oregon, June 20, 2014.;2014-06-20 22:35:00;3-5 minutes;Several light orbs sighted over McMinnville, Oregon, June 20, 2014. At least 7 orbs of light flying in some kind of formation, all whizzing around each other and then leaving one by one, the last light fizzled like a candle,  it was the weirdest thing I have ever seen and I honestly can not explain how unnatural it was to see.;45.21;-123.2003
