Non-flashing, eratic behavior, disapeared into sky;2001-09-10 23:00:00;<2 minutes;non flashing, eratic behavior, disapeared into sky Hello Sir I just saw the end of a show where I got your website name, sadly I forgot yours, just that you sit in the corner and run this yourself. My report well rather late than never?  I was moving to my new rental house on the night before 9-11 happened, that is the only reason I remember the date of my sighting. Looking skyward south in rural McMinnville Oregon around 11 PM, I saw a light moving laterally nothing any airplane wouldn’t do, (no flashing lights, steady white) when it stopped that got my attention, after a brief pause it began to float downward side to side like a leaf falling from a tree (so many UFO sightings are said to do this). Next it headed laterally in the opposite direction for less distance than the first viewing, stopped again floated side to side downward then proceeded laterally back in the original direction. It exhibited this type of movement three or four times then appeared to move upwards growing fainter as it went, I do not know if was a elevation increase or a distance increase until it was so faint as it was difficult to tell from the background stars, so I want back to my un-packing. I know McMinnville Oregon has its own UFO sighting BS and I did not want to get into a loony bin of idiots so I just forgot about it. Later I had two of my neighbors tell me about another sighting they had on a different date, which I will not relate this to you for this would be second hand information.;45.21;-123.2003
We were on are way home off a country road. And we noticed A triangle shape lights over the city of McMinnville or. the triangle lights;2012-06-21 01:00:00;five mins;We were on are way home off a country road. And we noticed A triangle shape lights over the city of McMinnville or. the triangle lights were changing colors from red to blue to yellow.   Then we saw three more lights come up over the tress.  then we noticed that the triangle started changing fromation. Then all the lights were gone in a sec. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.21;-123.2003
Two objects shooting at each other in the sky;2013-05-17 03:00:00;1 hour;Two objects shooting at each other in the sky 		UFO SIGHTING ON FRIDAY, MAY 17th AT 2:45 AM IN MCMIINVILLE, OREGON. My friend and I were walking to the store, we have to walk through a pretty dark parking lot to get there.  We were both looking at the stars while we were walking. I looked at what appeared to be a big beautiful shining star.  But then it started 'zig-zagging' all around. We could see another craft not very far from it but it was VERY dim.   There were white streaks going back and forth between them. Every time the streaks came from the dimmer craft there was a wide beam of blue light emulating from it.  And every time the streak came from what looked to be a star, it jumped backwards across the sky like a grasshopper.   We watched it go on for about 45 minutes.  We saw one other 'zig-zagging' star further in the NE sky. It was by itself, or so it seemed.  They were both the brightest things in the sky and we watched them both go from one side of the sky to the other and back within minutes. I have had a lot of paranormal/supernatural experience in my life, so I want you to know that these kinds of things are very, very important to me. I have never seen a UFO before, and I am absolutely without a doubt convinced that I have now.;45.21;-123.2003
Loud buzzing/rumbling noise, nothing was seen in sky, wind was extreme during sound. ((anonymous report));2016-09-02 15:20:00;~1 minute;Loud buzzing/rumbling noise, nothing was seen in sky, wind was extreme during sound. About 3:20 PM, I heard a loud buzzing/rumbling noise, almost like a plane was passing over, but louder and more extreme.  There were clouds outside, but it was like the sound was right above me.   The sky was clear above me, and I didn't see anything.  When the sound started, the wind was very extreme, stopping when the sound did.  This lasted about a minute.;45.21;-123.2003
