looked like jet trail coming straight down like plane crashing.  Stopped and two more appeared in other same vacinity different angles.;1999-10-19 07:35:00;20-25 min;looked like jet trail coming straight down like plane crashing.  Stopped and two more appeared in other same vacinity different angles. At 7:35 am, on way to work on Everson-Goshen Rd, between VanDyk Rd. and Pole Rd. looked to east and saw what looked like a jet trail coming straight down towards the earth, but stopped well before it would have impacted. From angle I was at, it was in line with Mt. Baker, but to the north. Sky totally clear and sun not yet visible.  Continued traveling down E. Pole road westerly and continued looking in rear view mirror and second one appeared. It was slightly farther to north of first one and started about the same height but came down at an angle so that if it would have continued it would have formed the letter V, but it stopped well before that. Was shorter than the first one.  Had cell phone and called aunt who lives on E. Pole Rd. As I passed her home, she was outside looking.  As I reached the Guide-Meridian Rd. a third streak had appeared.  It was shorter than either of the first two, but farther to south.  They all seemed to be approximately the same distance away. I entered a fog bank west of the Guide Meridian on the W. Pole Rd and continued to the Aldrich Rd.  Shortly after turning south bound on the Aldrich Rd., I could again see the streaks, but only the last one to appear was still there. Again went into foggy area.  On reaching the Aldrich and Smith Rd. intersection, all the streaks were gone.  There was no wind on ground level so seemed odd to me that they would dissapear that quickly.  It only takes me about 10-15 minutes to get the Guide Meridian and Pole Rd. intersection to the Aldrich and Smith Rd intersection.  When I got to work, I called the local new radio station, KGMI.  They said they had no other calls. Asked around at my work located just west of the Smith and Aldrich intersection on the south side of the Smith Rd. Three or four of the crew leaders had seen the same thing I did form thier upstairs office windows.  One had commented that there goes Haleys Commet tail and all.  They watched for 10 - 15 minutes All said they have never seen anything like that.  Also that it looked like a jet trail, but a jet trail would not stop in mid air and start up again somewhere else.  Some said it may have been military manuvers from Whidbey Isl. That doesn't seem likely.  Some think it was space junk enterin and burning up.;48.9045;-122.3325
Among the Northern lights a bright green fireball from West to East;2002-10-01 05:30:00;4-5 seconds;Among the Northern lights a bright green fireball from West to East It was early this a.m, still very dark, the Northern lights were very very vivid in the sky. My son and I were attracted to their beauty, when all of a sudden a large green looking fireball zoomed across the sky. It went from west to east towards the mountain behind our home. We have never seen such a large object in the sky and the color was green but very bright. ((NUFORC Note:  Probable meteor.  Many other reports.  PD));48.9045;-122.3325
