Three seperate, individual brite lights move in VERY fast, stop instantly, hover and then individually speed off at increadible speeds;2008-06-01 00:00:00;60 seconds;Three seperate, individual brite lights move in VERY fast, stop instantly, hover and then individually speed off at increadible speeds I like to fish on night on Lake Minnewaska for walleyes.  This evening was a very clear night with no clouds...the stars were out and I also like to look for constellations, aircraft and satellites.  I only know the basic constellations but always look for them.  Aircraft are very obvious blinking lights flying at consistent slow speeds across the sky.  Satallites are difficult to locate but when one is found, it is a single consistent light that moves across the sky at a consistent speed within the earth's orbit.  We also have emergency helicopters that occassionally come to town...these also have blinking lights, land at the hospital in town and then leave.  These are all identified flying objects and I am familiar with them.  As I was trolling for walleyes from west to east along the south shore of the lake, I was looking up into the sky.  I noticed a very bright light moving at a very high speed.  It was traveling west as well as an angle toward the ground...but still very high in the sky.  I was amazed at how fast it was going...20 to 30 times faster than anything else I had seen including aircraft or satallites.  It then came to a sudden and abrupt stop in the sky and stayed in the same spot.  At that time another very bright light zoomed in even faster and stopped by the other lights top right.  Then another bright light zoomed in just as fast as the second light and stopped at the first lights top left.  This was all in the east sky just to the south side of town.  All three lights stayed in that same position without moving for about 10 or 15 seconds.  Then, the first light bolted to the north and out of sight at an increadible speed...just as fast as you could point your finger and swing your arm...increadible speed!  The other two lights remainined for about a couple more seconds...and then the second light shot off towards the direction of the first light at the same high speed.  The third light quickly followed after the second light in the same direction and speed.  I sat there amazed with what I had just seen.  None of the lights returned that night and I have not seen anything like it since.  The ability for those lights to come in individually at those high speeds, stop instantly, hover and then dart off at even greater high speeds was definately not any aircraft mankind has or that I am aware off.  It was litterally like the speed of light.  The reason I did not report this earlier was because, even though I strongly believe these objects were not from this planet, I didn't have any other evidence except for my observation.  I also did not know were something like this could be reported...knowing my local police station would just smile when I told them what I had seen.  But when I came across your website, I felt I should provide my observation to get it on record. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.6422;-95.3924
