Extremely low-flying narrow rectangular, billboard-sized  craft with round white lights all across front;2007-12-06 20:00:00;3 minutes;Extremely low-flying narrow rectangular, billboard-sized  craft with round white lights all across front I was at my brother-in-law's apartment, and went outside to take trash to the dumpster at around 8 p.m. I stopped to observe the sky, enjoying being outside all alone in the quiet night. I observed in the far distance a dot, and noticed it was the only star in the black sky.  As I watched, it came toward me and seemed to grow larger.  Suddenly, an incredible long rectangular craft hung directly over my head.  The only color I could make out was a blaze of white lights entirely covering the front of the craft.  There were small red and blue/green lights on either end.  The craft made absolutely no sound, and was close enough that I could've counted every light.  I felt no fear, but stood transfixed as I waited to see what was next.  As quickly as it appeared, it had vanished into the sky.  It was awesome, and I can't get the image out of my head.  In retrospect, I find it a little disturbing, and wish to know more about other similar experiences. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));26.5261653429602;-80.1114407942237
We were (my husband was driving and I was the passenger) traveling north on Congress Ave., Boynton Beach;2016-01-25 19:00:00;7 minutes;January 25, 2016, 1955 hrs (PM)  We were (my husband was driving and I was the passenger) traveling north on Congress Ave., Boynton Beach, Florida on our way to eat dinner at Carrabas Restaurant on Gateway Blvd., when my husband said, “What is that thing up there in the sky,” and I looked up and saw a blinking red light that I thought was either a helicopter or small plane and I told him that. However, this thing started coming down very slowly and seemed to be approaching us directly as if it were going to land on the top of our car.  In my haste to look forward I opened my side of the passenger door window and I could not hear any kind of noise like a helicopter or plane would make which frightened me.  I told him to try and keep an eye on it as we kept moving toward Gateway Blvd.  As it went over us we both noticed the shape to be rectangular (like an Egyptian burial casket -  longways, not horizontal) with a blinking red light on the bottom. At this time I knew it was not a plane, helicopter or drone because drones are not that large and it seemed to be the size of the car.  We proceeded to make a left toward the restaurant and tried to keep the “thing” in sight.  Once we parked, we jumped out to see where it was and it was approximately 2 to 4 miles to the south and seemed to be hovering near the tree line which we could see as it was very light out because the moon was either full or near full. After we got home we decided to contact the Palm Beach Post to see if anyone else had reported seeing a UFO in that area at that time. ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) Hi:  We are waiting to hear from the Palm Beach Post.  We did not think to take a picture of it as I was scared to death....and my husband was driving....but will let you know what the Palm Beach Post says to me...thanks for getting back to us on this...of course our families think we need to be admitted.... ((END ADDENDUM));26.5261653429602;-80.1114407942237
