All i remember is that the blue orb chased me and i was taken in whatever it was i was then introduced to the greys as a peaceful scien;1995-06-01 19:00:00;????;All i remember is that the blue orb chased me and i was taken in whatever it was i was then introduced to the greys as a peaceful scientific race of people they did the standard check up most earth doctors perform then asked me to look into a machine that looked like the A or B sight machines at the eye doctor.  Suddenly all the knowledge i would ever want or need suddenly flooded in my head before my eyes then i was boosted mentally somehow since to this day i have psychic power and from then on i still recieve alien knowledge but thrugh dreams and not direct contact after the event i was diagnosed with autism which i never had before the encounter and i still am autistic according to most earth doctor's. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));48.8645;-122.5953
3 amber lights in the sky;2012-07-03 22:15:00;2 minutes;I was driving south bound on Ferndale rd. back to slater road when I noticed 2 amber lights in the sky when I came around the corner and out of the trees I noticed one more for a total of 3 amber lights in the sky just below the cloud line. I pulled over and shut off my car and then got out of my car to listen.  I heard no jet noise or engine noise.   They just moved alone slightly. The lights never changed color and there was not any blinking lights like on an aircraft.   They were traveling north bound just below the cloud line and then the two front objects seamed to pause and then started moving east and up into the clouds when I could no longer see them.  The third light did the exact same thing I watch the lights for about 2 minutes until they were gone...  I have no idea what they were except 3 amber lights in the sky with no noise;48.8645;-122.5953
Went out back then saw space station with another trailing it i honestly cant remember exact time approx. 5 min later I saw another sat;2013-08-08 22:00:00;2 minutes;went out back then saw space station with another trailing it i honestly cant remember exact time approx. 5 min later I saw another satellite pass.so at first there was two then 5 min later 1 more.  It really appeared that with the first two the one slightly behind the first was tracking the first one. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Japanese HTV-4 craft flying close to the ISS.  PD));48.8645;-122.5953
Slow-moving orangish-red lights over Whatcom County, Washington.;2014-07-04 23:05:00;4 minutes;Slow-moving orangish-red lights over Whatcom County, Washington Independence Day 2014 about 12 miles north of Bellingham, Washington.  Around 10:00 p.m. my sister and I watched an orangish-red light in the SW sky move slowly away from us in an upward trajectory.  It had no blinking strobes that would have identified it as an aircraft. We forgot about it and around 11:00 p.m.   I went outside to watch and listen to fireworks, and a live rock concert taking place across a neighboring field when I noticed a semi-bright white light low in the southern sky over the Bellingham Bay - Lummi Island area.  I was thinking that it looked like the moon behind clouds... the sky was about 95% overcast with small open holes where I could see some stars.   The light slowly turned in a westerly direction changing from white to the bright orangish-red color.  I got my binoculars and my sister and when we looked for it again it was behind a clump of trees but we could still see it intermittently.   When it completely re-emerged there were two of them! moving slowly and appearing to be connected in some way.  One appeared to be following and catching up to the other light -- or they were two lights connected to a moving craft, that appeared to get closer together as the object rotated and moved away from us.   I felt that there was no way that two aircraft would be flying that close together at night.  They did what the earlier light did, slowly moving away from us in an upward trajectory in the SW sky and then blinked out or disappeared into the cloudcover.   This sighting lasted for about 4 minutes in total.  In between songs at the concert and fireworks we noticed that the lights made no sound whatsoever.   About 15 - 20 minutes after the sighting a commercial airliner went through the same area of sky as the lights and it had the obvious bright white nose light and strobing lights along with its jet engine sound.;48.8645;-122.5953
Blue-ish solid light over Ferndale.;2014-10-11 20:30:00;2.5 minutes;Blue-ish solid light over Ferndale We were outside taking in the cool evening air around 830 pm in Ferndale, WA, something caught my attention out the corner of my eye naturally I turned towards the Pacific  looked up at what caught my eye, and saw a couple of planes three of them to be exact I thought well that’s weird why are they all in the same area almost circling a specific area in the sky (my husband said they were doing that to get ready to land)  anyway, in the distance I saw a blue-ish light noticeably different from the lights coming from the three planes. The planes had strobes on them like every other plane in the sky. I said to my husband please tell me you see that weird light coming from the Pacific area above or near Lummi Nation?  He said yeah, I do.  So this blue-ish light from a distant seem to have jumped or slipped I don’t know what to call it but it instantaneously appeared near the planes and the plane lights disappeared (confused) the light made a left turn as it was comi! ng from the pacific area and went toward Canada. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.8645;-122.5953
Blinking light in the sky with unusual movements.;2016-10-01 05:30:00;>10 minutes;Blinking light in the sky with unusual movements. Let the dog out to the yard to go to the bathroom.  Was about to bring him inside when I see a light in the sky hovering south of me.  There were multiple lights but it was far enough away it looked like a point of light, couldn't quite make out a shape.  One white light was constantly on, the other (2 or more) lights were blinking colors.  I used a star light to base the movements.  It would hover for a few seconds then jerk in any direction and then hover again.  Reminded me of the seemingly random movements of an insect.  I took a 5 min video on my phone and stayed at least another 5 min holding my dog watching the event.  The object stayed in the same area of the sky (between two close trees) from my vantage, and moving away from me southbound slightly.  I am familiar with the movements of known aircraft including personal drones.  At first, I thought It was a drone, but the movements were inconsistent with a drone because there was no acceleration or deceleration, ! just movement and seemingly perfect hovering.  There is an airport in the area.  The clouds moved in during the sighting and the unknown light was below the cloud layer.  There was twice a smaller/distant light that blinked once near the object similar to a satellite.  I went inside because I got cold and the light was still doing it's thing in the sky, never saw it leave the area.;48.8645;-122.5953
Line of lights (like satellites but many!)  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-12 05:20:00;15 minutes;Line of lights (like satellites but many!) Saw a line of lights moving across the morning sky, equally spaced in a line.  Occasionally one light was adjacent to the line but maintaining the same speed.  Traveling from NE to SW.  They look like satellites (similar constant speed, no flashing lights).  There seemed to be many of them.  I witnessed approx. 20, but they were in the sky before I got outside and were still flying by when I went in so who knows how many?;48.8645;-122.5953
Multiple fast traveling lights at a short distance very bright;2020-04-23 22:00:00;5 sec;Multiple fast traveling lights at a short distance very bright Multiple lights flashing by on a straight line but multiple lines and very fast traveling only a short distance into nothing coming from nothing in the middle of the sky;48.8645;-122.5953
