Triangle Shape, no noise, no lights;2011-01-18 22:30:00;4 minutes;Triangle Shape, no noise, no lights I went out to place tape over an exhaust fan duct on the side of the house,to keep it from flapping in the wind.  I do this just about every night.  Nothing unusual.  We live in a dark, semi rural area. There was a bright moon and quickly moving clouds at various levels.  I was staring at the clouds as they passed over the moon and between all of this I noticed an odd 'triangular' form moving slowly east.  I kept thinking it was another cloud, however it was not moving as fast as the wind was moving the clouds.  Hard to see as some of the clouds were larger and blocked out the moon. I saw this shape about three or four times between the clouds and siluetted in the moonlight.  I could not figure the size and it did not directly pass in front of the moon. It was 'off to the side'.  Yet the object must have been solid as it blocked out light around it. No noise, no blinking lights, no lights at all. Just this odd black triangular shape, silently moving east.  As I was w! atching it an odd feeling came over me. I became a bit 'un-nerved' and thought 'this is strange'.  I've been thinking about it for a few days and started looking around the internet for information on unusual objects. I came across your website and thought I would add this event.  It was most pecular and I cannot remember having such an odd feeling after having seen it.  The 'feeling' has stayed in my mind more than the actual 'object'. So there are two related events, seeing this thing and a feeling I can only describe as 'haunting'.  For want of a beter word.  I never saw anything like it before.  We live near an airport landing approach and planes are loud.  This object had no noise and was higher than any plane (I think) in that I could not see any details.  No wings, or landing gear. Just a shape.  I ws watching it for perhaps four to five minutes? As it was moving slow, not like an aircraft approach.  And moving east toward Mt. Baker.  You can contact me via email.  Thank You;48.8645;-122.5953
two triangular shapesin the sky with a frightful  feeling that accompanied them;2011-06-28 02:55:00;not sure;two triangular shapesin the sky with a frightful  feeling that accompanied them My 8 yr. old daughter was sleeping in my bed when I awoke to hear her whimpering as though quite frightened.  I was half asleep myself, and told her to go back to sleep, that she was having a bad dream.   She replied that she was not dreaming, but that there are two triangle star things outside in the sky.  I told her not to be afraid that she was just having a bad dream and she said, No I’m not, I’m looking at them right now.  I can see them through the window.   Unfortunately, I did not get out of bed to investigate, but went back to sleep.  My daughter doesn’t get nightmares, but I was very tired and groggy that night, and I am generally fearless, so I didn’t give it much heed until the morning. My daughter was very clear on the description, and drew the shape for me.  She said they were triangular, but with rounded edges, white, cloud-like in color, sort of like light, but without lights. They were quite a bit bigger than the stars, moving around mostly slowly.  One flew faster in a semi-circle around the other, then up and down.  There was no noise, and they gave her a terrified feeling.  I am not sure how long it lasted, because after a min. or so, she was too scared to watch anymore. I wouldn’t have thought to report it but when I came across this site and saw that somebody else had reported black triangles in the same little town in Jan. and that a haunting feeling came over him/her,  I wondered if more people have seen and experienced similar things in this area.;48.8645;-122.5953
