At Midnight, both my husband an I were outside gazing at stars when we noticed a large triangular object with a pattern of 5 lights. Th;2004-08-12 00:00:00;10-15 seconds;At Midnight, both my husband an I were outside gazing at stars when we noticed a large triangular object with a pattern of 5 lights. The lights were very dim, whitish-gray in color and likely would not be noticed other than the fact that we both asked if the other saw them. We heard no sound and saw only the one object. It was not translucent as it clearly blocked the stars above as it traveled across the sky.It traveled North to south until we lost sight of it 10-15 seconds after we spotted it. It’s motion was stealth like and seemed to float.   I also noticed an unusually large number of falling stars throughout the evening approx 15 over a couple of hours. Whether this is related I do not know but thought it’s worth mentioning.  I have attached a picture to better illustrate our sighting. To offer some credibility of myself, I have been in the finance industry for over 10 years, manager of many staff and offices. I am now the mother of a 3 month old son who I devote my days to.;51.672;-114.1293
Triangle shaped object witnessed in Alberta near Calgary;2004-08-12 00:00:00;12 seconds;Triangle shaped object witnessed in Alberta near Calgary At approximately midnight we were sitting in our yard relaxing before bed as I had had a late night.  We were amazed at the number of satellites & shooting stars evident in the clear night sky and observed for a period of time.  Because we were focusing on the sky above our property facing south we (my wife and I) noticed a large peculiar triangular shaped object slowly moving southward towards Calgary fly right overtop of us.  What I initially thought was why are we not hearing any sound from such a large low flying object.As mentioned and better appreciated from my sketch of the object it was very large and if I could relate it to something it would be large enough to fill a football stadium.  There were 5 disctint lights within the triangle and were very dimly lit with a light low enough that if we were not looking at the exact right spot we would not have even noticed it even based on it's size.  It blended very well with the clear and dark night sky so well that if it had just been myself witnessing it I would have written it off as my eyes playing with me but thankfully my wife witnessed it as well.  We know it is strange and even tried to see if it blocked out stars above it to confirm an object and sure enough we could not see the stars directly above it. Simply it sent chills thru both of us. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded quite sober-minded and credible to us.  PD));51.672;-114.1293
