A formation of 4 lights appear over Walled Lake on the 4th of July. Eratic motion and behavior suggest none-human aircraft...;2008-07-04 20:00:00;5-10 min;A formation of 4 lights appear over Walled Lake on the 4th of July. Eratic motion and behavior suggest none-human aircraft... First off, I’m going to say that I have always believed in life on other planets. It’s really egotistical to believe that the earth is the only planet in the whole universe that supports intelligent life. But at the same time I have always been skeptical of UFO’s visiting earth. Honestly, I thought that earth wasn’t interesting enough. We’re destroying our planet we are loosing all of our natural resources, and over all, were not a very friendly species. Why would an alien species be interested in us? Well, my skepticism was tested one night. The day was July 4th, 2008. It was after dark, and we were all sitting in our lawns on our lawn chairs watching the fireworks that people set off over the lake. (I live on a lake) We did this every year, gathered with our friends to party and watch the fireworks. Anyway… Someone had just set off one of those giant fireworks, you know, the ones that shoot up and explode into a flower of colorful embers. It was an orange/red one, if I can recall. As the embers faded and burnt out, I noticed that three embers remained. I wasn’t the only one who notices, considering all of our attention was too the sky from the fireworks, its not surprising that we all saw it. I thought it was really strange these three lights were in a triangular formation. And just when I thought I was seeing things, the lights began to move across the sky. I thought, maybe military aircraft considering the formation they were in. But they were far too high up. They were so far away that they looked more like stars than aircraft beads of light moving across the sky. At some point in time, a fourth light, moving much faster than the triangular formation, raced to join the other lights. They stopped for a bit, then started moving again. They were also moving relatively slowly at the time, giving us plenty of time to gossip about the strange lights. Suddenly, however, one of the lights veered off in a different direction at angles far too dramatic for a human aircraft to maneuver the light literally took off 90 degrees in the other direction. I watched this light speed off, going extremely fast, until it eventually disappeared maybe going invisible, or maybe just leaving the earth’s atmosphere. I was stunned. After this, of course, I turned my attention to the other two stars. Eventually, the second of these strange lights did the same thing, but went forward rather than changed directions. It shot off very fast, and then vanished. The third light would just vanish without moving. It stopped, and then vanished. The fourth light, oddly enough, came to a halt, and stayed there most of the night disguising itself as a orange star. I recall looking back on it sometime later that night it was gone. I really was stunned. I had no explanation for this. Some would say weather balloons, but they were far too high up, and the erratic change in position and speed could not be explained by this. And unless the government has secretly developed some sort of spherical aircraft, noticed only by one light, that can move at 90 degree or less angles then vanish, I highly doubt it was anything man-made. It baffled me, it baffled everyone else. I really have no explanation for it. I wish I had a camera on me at the time it would have validated this a bit more or maybe even a video camera. But with the fireworks, and considering how high up they were, I wonder if I would have even been able to record them. All I have is my sight, and my memory. I’m sure others at the party dismissed it, but I can’t help but feel that there was more to those lights than they all think.;42.4804465373959;-83.4766265927979
Lights Over Novi, Michigan.;2013-05-26 23:00:00;l0 minutes;Lights Over Novi, Michigan I am submitting this for my daughter.   Her husband and herself were in their backyard at about l0:45pm last evening.  They had built a fire and the husband was cleaning fish that they had just caught.  My daughter happened to look up at the stars and saw 7 objects.  They kept changing formation.  She called me and asked me if I thought that they were US aircraft practicing for a Memorial Day show and after I looked at the picture she sent me, I told her I was very doubtful about that being what they were.  I decided to submit this for her with a picture.;42.4804465373959;-83.4766265927979
