Four glowing orbs watched as they travelled from the northeast to the southwest in Novi, Oakland County, Michigan;2008-09-27 23:20:00;20 minutes;Four glowing orbs watched as they travelled from the northeast to the southwest in Novi, Oakland County, Michigan At 23:20 we watched a bright yellow/orange orb as it moved across the sky, rather low.  We were looking north east and followed it in a south-westerly track.  It began to fade and suddenly was just gone.  Then a second orb came from the same direction and followed the same path in the sky and then, as the first, just seemed to disappear.  About 4 minutes later a fourth one travelled the same path, except this time, before the third one disappeared, a fourth appeared and we now had two in the sky at the same time.  The last two disappeared just as the two before.  There was no sound.  They appeared to be glowing and moving rather slowly across the sky.  They were not rapid as you would expect to see a meteor or space junk and they did not appear to be falling, but traveling and then suddenly disappear.;42.4804465373959;-83.4766265927979
Sphere that changed multiple colors (white, blue, green, orange, red, purple) and moved in patterns not common with comm. aircraft.;2013-01-17 23:20:00;20 minutes;Sphere that changed multiple colors (white, blue, green, orange, red, purple) and moved in patterns not common with commercial aircraft. This event occurred after I had dropped off my girlfriend to her parents’ house on a night in January 2012.  ((sic.  2013)) 11:20 PM - After dropping off my girlfriend to her parents’ house, after having dinner and drinks at Novi’s Fountain Walk on a Thursday night (We were at Bar Louie), I pulled my car out of the drive way to head home, and began heading north 100 Yards on Elizabeth Ln in Novi, heading towards 10 Mile Road.  In the 100 yards to the exit of the subdivision, I could see a white light in the sky several miles away (less than 5 Miles).   The light was descending slowly, straight down.  As it was descending the light changed to a blue.  Thinking that it was a plane falling out of the sky possibly crashing I stopped my SUV 20 yards from 10 Mile Road (still Elizabeth Lane).  Watching the slow descent the light, that I could now see was spherical almost like a ball, it slowed just above the line of the trees that were in my line of vision.  It was clear, cold night, the air was crisp, and visibility was very clear.  There were no clouds in the sky, and stars could be seen.  The light was about 10 times larger than the stars.   When the light slowed and stopped, it descended, it started to change color to a green, then to white again, and then to a purple.  These were slow transitions and not flashing transitions.  The sphere then began moving up and then diagonal.  As it was rising I could see that, it was now changing to shades of red and orange.   I sat parked in my car for about 5 minutes.  I then opened my door of my car and stood outside.  I stood outside for a couple minutes hoping somebody would drive by so that I could point it out to somebody that came by.  Several cars went swiftly past on 10 Mile, but no one stopped, and no one came down Elizabeth Lane.   Not wanting to feel crazy, I called my girlfriend to step outside her house or look out a window to see this.  She refused to come outside as she had already changed for bed, and it was cold outside.  She tried to look out several windows, that faced the north, but all windows were blocked by trees and then next doo! r house.   As we talked, I watched as the ball/sphere began to circle back to where I originally saw it, all the time changing colors in a smooth transition from red, white, orange, white, blue, purple, white, green.  At times it seemed to glow larger and at times smaller.  The ball moved up and down in diagonal smooth patterns that I have never seen a plane or helicopter move like.   After 15-20 minutes, I gave up on waiting for someone to stop to witness, two cars entered the sub never giving notice to me, half in my car, half out of my car.  I final began my drive home, noticing the ball began to move east towards slightly.  I eventually lost sight of the light when I made a turn south and headed home down Taft Road. Before leaving, I did try to photograph the object, my camera on my iphone 4s would not focus on the object in the night sky, and the camera could not pick up the light. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr Davenport, My apologies for the typo. The correct year that should be stated is 2013.  Kind Regards, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));42.4804465373959;-83.4766265927979
Pulsating light ball, changing color from orange to red, Possibly a plane with weird lighting.;2014-04-26 22:15:00;2 minutes;Pulsating light ball, changing color from orange to red, Possibly a plane with weird lighting. I was outside trying to push start my motorcycle(dead battery) when I noticed a bright light, flying overhead in a straight path. What hit me at first was how bright it was.   Then it changed color from yellow/orange to bright red, then back to yellow/orange.  It would take the light about 5 seconds to gradually change from one color to the other.  Then holding that color for 3 seconds before gradually turning back.  The brightness would kind of pulse on right before it went solid color.   It looked to be a single light source that changed colors.  Not two different lights that faded in and out and definitely not a spinning light. When it was solid red it was a very bright red, almost cherry like or fire engine red.  The light quality reminded me of super bright LEDs.  The light had a sort of uniform glow to it in all directions.   There were no other accompanying or secondary lights on what ever it was. I tried to listen for engine noise but I could hear nothing over traffic down the street.  I would have got my phone but I figured by the time I ran in and got it, it would be out of view.   I kept waiting for it to do something UFO like. Like change direction or take off suddenly but it kept flying in a straight line.  It was pretty high up, about where you'd expect to see air traffic.  But all you could see was this ball of pulsating light.   It could have very well been a plane.  But I've never seen lights like that on anything. When it past, it still had the same uniform glow as if the light was being emitted in all directions.   If it was a plane, I'd have to say it's something new.;42.4804465373959;-83.4766265927979
