VT,Moretown-VERY BRIGHT greenish(?) VERY LARGE formation descending and VERY RAPIDLY almost vertically no crash,no flamesdisappeared.;2001-03-21 02:30:00;15 sec;VT,Moretown-VERY BRIGHT greenish(?) VERY LARGE formation descending and VERY RAPIDLY almost vertically no crash,no flamesdisappeared. i'm very freaked out right now... typing is difficult.... unfortunately,i have a terrible sense of measurement, but i'll try my best. i can't tell you how low it was sky, but it was REMARKABLY LOW and very close- like within 30 miles. i was facing north towards duxbury, vermont. (camel's hump mtn is the landmark i would reference). camel's hump was sort of in the background. so i was outside at approx 2:30am and i was facing north from south hill in moretown and i looked up for a sec and saw a VERY VERY bright greenish VERY LARGE flash or formation kind of shape descending almost vertically and VERY RAPIDLY!! instantly i KNEW that thing was NOT a plane. i thought MAYBE a meteor, but it did NOT look as if it crashed or landed!! it actually seemed to switch off or disappear from view as it got closer to the ground. i looked for about 2 minutes towards the ground where the object would have landed or crashed but i saw no flames or explosions. unfortunately, because i was in a jacuzzi, the jets made too much sound to hear well, but this is sort of a valley here and even with jacuzzi jets going, one might hear such a massive object hit! i'm very frightened as i write this so i need to log off... if you need more information, contact me. i did report the incident to 911, in case it was a plane going down- or whatever... but i know that was not a plane!!  thank you, ((initials deleted));44.2625;-72.7459
VT,Moretown-VERY BRIGHT greenish(?) VERY LARGE formation descending and VERY RAPIDLY almost vertically no crash,no flamesdisappeared.;2001-03-22 02:30:00;15 sec;VT,Moretown-VERY BRIGHT greenish(?) VERY LARGE formation descending and VERY RAPIDLY almost vertically no crash,no flamesdisappeared. i'm very freaked out right now... typing is difficult.... unfortunately,i have a terrible sense of measurement, but i'll try my best. i can't tell you how low it was sky, but it was REMARKABLY LOW and very close- like within 30 miles. i was facing north towards duxbury, vermont. (camel's hump mtn is the landmark i would reference). camel's hump was sort of in the background. so i was outside at approx 2:30am and i was facing north from south hill in moretown and i looked up for a sec and saw a VERY VERY bright greenish VERY LARGE flash or formation kind of shape descending almost vertically and VERY RAPIDLY!! instantly i KNEW that thing was NOT a plane. i thought MAYBE a meteor, but it did NOT look as if it crashed or landed!! it actually seemed to switch off or disappear from view as it got closer to the ground. i looked for about 2 minutes towards the ground where the object would have landed or crashed but i saw no flames or explosions. unfortunately, because i was in a jacuzzi, the jets made too much sound to hear well, but this is sort of a valley here and even with jacuzzi jets going, one might hear such a massive object hit! i'm very frightened as i write this so i need to log off... if you need more information, contact me. i did report the incident to 911, in case it was a plane going down- or whatever... but i know that was not a plane!!  thank you, dj;44.2625;-72.7459
