Silent Translucent U shaped craft, Slow moving, Full moon, light Snowy night  ,  Fast jet after;2005-01-27 04:15:00;30 seconds;Silent Translucent U shaped craft, Slow moving, Full moon, light Snowy night  ,  Fast jet after Im 22 male, active sky watcher(hobby/entertainment).  It all began after I had just taken out the dumpster.  Upon slowly walking back down the driveway admiring the strange, glittery really fine powder snow that was falling at a steady rate. But not dense enough to obscure vision. Before entering the house, I decided to look at the moon. I laid eyes with it for several minutes, it wasnt very cold outside, and I wasnt in a hurry to get back inside.  Then I noticed the most amazing thing, I have ever seen in my life.   A Ufo, Literally in the shape of a U. It was 90% invisible. All i saw was the distinct outline of the craft which had three opaque whitish spots at the rear(lights?), within this outline was sky. It traveled fairly slow and it approached the moon. The light of the moon revealed the entire craft. I was astonished.  There WERE clouds(dark purple hue), but,the craft was definatley lower than the clouds, there were large breaks in the clouds, showing clear night sky.  The outline, appeared Bigger than the full moon, which means it was fairly low in the sky.  The glow of the moon amplifed the image of the craft and actually revealed its outline further to about 80% visible. The U shaped crafts direction was SouthWest. From the moment I saw the craft, which was about 3 inches from the moon(my first visual). It took about 10 seconds for it to pass the moon, at which point I could no longer see it. After I lost visual of the silent U shaped craft, I proceeded toward the door to my house, before walking in, I clearly heard a FAST jet flying what sounded west. The jet sounded small, but DEFINATLEY a jet. I live over a major flight path intersection, I hear the differences in all aircraft engines. The noise was a shhhrrreeeeeaaaar engine, with minor crackles. Midtoned, unlike the deep constant currrrrrrghghg jumbo jet engine    (hard to translate sound into word form) definatly not a prop plane..  I then walked in the house and concluded my evening.  I have submitted a gif animation to recreate the object, to visualize its translucence ufo 417am 1-27-05.gif ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.7517192913386;-88.1574413385826
