I was retiring for the nite and got into bed in my darkened bedroom and as I turned my head toward the two windows to my left that I co;1997-12-01 03:30:00;15 minutes ?;I was retiring for the nite and got into bed in my darkened bedroom and as I turned my head toward the two windows to my left that I could almost touch with my outstretched hand, I noticed on the wall above the window and just below the ceiling was a round red circle with a pulsating center in dark red.  I just stared at this circle and then all of a sudden it disappeared and then reappeared on the lower left corner of the shade of the window below.  The red circle then disappeared and I got up and looked behind the shade of this window and looked starting from the right to the left.  I saw nothing until I looked all the way to the left and what I saw was a circular object pulsating a white light and then a dimmer white light on the complete lower botton part of the object. It was traveling upward on an angle in a slow, loopy motion towards the north.  I couldn't at first see the top of this object because it was cold outside and the sky contained white, filmy, low clouds.  It rose above the clouds very slowly in the same loopy, circular motion on an angle and it was then that the top of the object appeared which was oval and silver in color and it contined to pulsate white and then a dimmer shade of white across the complete bottom of the object.  It was passing in the vicinity of Ogden Avenue which is well lighted and so it was easy to see the object.  My bedroom was on the second floor and it gave me a clear view.  I kept staring and then got so scared I couldn't look any longer and ran downstairs to tell me husband, who had headphones on and was reading.  By the time I told him, the object could not been seen from the first floor or the second floor of our home.  I know it was not aircraft from this planet because of the extreme slow, circular, at an extreme angle ascent it made, not to mention the saucer shape and that pulsating light.  I cannot explain the two red laser like lights on my bedroom wall and window shade which did come through the wall and window..it was no reflection of any kind and! definit ely pulsating in the center.  That is my report. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.7517192913386;-88.1574413385826
White oval shaped object over Edwards Hospital in Naperville IL;2001-07-20 17:00:00;15 minutes;White oval shaped object over Edwards Hospital in Naperville IL We were driving around 2 friends and I, when I looked up at the sky and saw a white oval shaped craft slowly floating above us, Id say about 20000feet, just where the clouds began to get thick, i got the attention of the driver, and the passenger to see it, they both confirmed it being there. Meanwhile at a stop sign still observing, I caught the attention of a motorcyclist to also see the object. We then parked and I just happened to carry my sony cybershot s30 camera with, i managed to take pictures of the direction the craft was in, but since the camera had no light filter , the pictures are bright, the craft was hidden in a cloud over Edwards Hospital I took as many pictures as i could if you would like them i will email them as soon as i getem off the camera, i even turned on the negative camera affect to try and get the object to stand out in a few pictures.;41.7517192913386;-88.1574413385826
