Bright Blue Orb seen during 4th of July Fireworks display;2014-07-04 22:51:00;3 minutes;Bright Blue Orb seen during 4th of July Fireworks display. UFO Sighting:  Tarrytown, July 4, 2014.    On the evening of July 4, 2014, I was watching the fireworks display over the Hudson River from a friend’s balcony in Tarrytown, just north of the Tappan Zee Bridge.  The river was to my left, and the town was to my right.  There were many fireworks displays up and down the river and many planes over the river, both large commercial jets at higher altitudes as well as many small private planes at lower altitudes.  There were 8 people in our group, including small kids, and as many as 100 people lining the streets near the building where I was watching from.  The Tarrytown Fire Department had many members present. At 10:51 pm, as there was a pause in the show in preparation for the “Grand Finale,” I happened to glance at the sky to my right, away from the river.  I saw a bright blue light streaking across the sky at low altitude, perhaps a few hundred feet up.  It seemed destined to streak into the river until it skidded to a halt and jumped back away from the river, taking a stationary position near the shoreline.  The movement of the object instantly struck me as bizarre, as it covered an incredible amount of distance in a few seconds and made a sharp 180 degree move.  It also seemed to disappear for a few instants, or “skip” as it moved into position.   I took out my cell phone and took one photo and a 1 minute 47 second video.  Even though the fireworks finale was going on behind me I couldn’t take my eyes off the object.  It was an extremely bright blue light, it appeared to be round or orb shaped, and perhaps 5 to 10 feet in diameter, though the exact size was hard to tell.  When the fi! reworks display ended the object instantly vanished. A few others in my party saw the object after it moved into its stationary position, but nobody saw it move into position but me.  It was unclear to all of us what it might be.  I do not know if anyone on the ground saw it although I am pretty sure I saw members of the Tarrytown Fire Department pointing at the object.;41.0841;-73.8397
