I was walking home from a friend's house at around 4:30 AM after a night of playing board games.  By the time I was about a 1/4 of a bl;2003-06-28 04:45:00;1/4 second or so;I was walking home from a friend's house at around 4:30 AM after a night of playing board games.  By the time I was about a 1/4 of a block away from house, it was around 4:45 AM.  The side street I was on lacked artificial light or any sort and for some reason (probably the lack unusually clear night)  I was compelled to look into the night sky.  Right then and there I saw twin streaks of green light appear from somewhere above my head or behind me and streak across the sky (faster than anything that's not powered by a rocket motor) heading towards the East and dissappearing behind the trees of someone's yard.  As far as I could tell, the object or objects were fairly high up.  I couldn't see the source of the streaks, but they were wider at the leading side and trailed off like a jet contrail, only with faster dispersion.  Now some may assumet that this was some sort of pyrotechnic, but that's out of the question since I waited several minutes for any resultant explosion.  In addition to that, how many professional flying pyrotechnics would shoot 2 green trails and not make any sound what so ever?  As for a meteorite, every one I've ever seen tends not to leave twin trails in perfect parallel sync' and also tend to leave white streaks.  Others may assume that it was a military jet since Moffett field is under 5 miles away, however this couldn't be the case since Moffett should not be used for fighterjet aircraft due to its decommissioning about 5 years ago.  In addition, the streaks were green and what sort of plane burns a fuel mixture or uses technology that leaves not red, not orange, not yellow, not blue, but green streaks?  The fact that there wasn't even a sound also bothered me.  If this isn't a U.F.O., the military is using the Moffett/N.A.S.A. Ames facility for a fighter landing strip or some sort of testing/staging area.;37.3944816666668;-122.0819325
