A flying object with 3-5 lights inside a changing shape, on a straight (west to east) trajectory.;1999-09-11 21:57:00;2 minutes;A flying object with 3-5 lights inside a changing shape, on a straight (west to east) trajectory. We were sitting outside at a small, private outdoor concert, but were seated in a dark area far from the stage where a woman was performing.  I was lying on my back, enjoying the view of the stars, and noticed an object passing directly overhead on a steady west to east trajectory. It was the most unusual thing I had ever seen, and I quickly pointed it out to my friend.  It appeared to be flying fairly low (maybe under 8,000 feet), possibly triangular in shape with be 3 to 5 light underneath/inside it.  This description is not meant to be vague it's just that the object appeared to have an unusual but regular 'movement', that actually seemed to change it's shape, but in a consistent pattern.  The constant shape changing affected how many lights we could see on the underside or inside of the object.  Despite it's constant fluctuating movement, it's course seemed to be straight and steady.  It was moving faster than a balloon, dirigible or helicopter, but was not particularly fast.  It disappeared from sight sooner than it should have (probably 40 degrees above the eastern horizon).  We think it was only one object, and we heard no sound from it (but there was relatively loud music from the stage).  I got the sense that it may have only been 'obviously' visible to someone directly under it primarily because it's lights were similar in size and color to the stars beyond.  Because we were directly under it, we were able to see the motions (shape fluctuations) when portions of it moved underneath (or changed shape) and obscured/revealed it's lights.  Because of this, we don't really think that it's disappearance was the result of it changing speed or direction we think that once it was a certain distance from us, we would not be able to notice the movement/shape changing on it's underside thus it's lights were difficult to discern against the backdrop of the stars in the night sky.  We agreed that it was NOT a plane, weather or other balloon, helicopter or animal.  I am a 42 year old business owner (rea! l estate ), with postgraduate work in Ethics my friend, 43, is a brilliant Ph.D. research scientist (and paranormal skeptic), with a major position at a large and renowned corporation.;39.9641;-82.6053
