UFO Contact, Amazing close sighting;2003-10-10 23:25:00;30min;UFO Contact, Amazing close sighting It was about 9:30PM my friend and I were going to go out deer shining with my step dads truck and my friends spotlight. We left his house and proceeded to drive around the local fields shining deer. We saw 3 6 point bucks and a few does throughout the night. As we saw less and less deer we took it easy...listening to the radio and talking about what would be going on the following weekend. We lost track of time and headed back towards home slowly at around 11pm sometime, driving slowly to shine deer in the fields on the way back to his house. We turned on the road he lives on(dead end) and proceeded down to his house(going South). As we came closer to his house I noticed an orange glowing craft which looked like it was over his neighbors house. As we got closer we noticed that it wasn't. It was infact sitting completely still about 150 yards into the field just beyond their house from the road and about 170 or so yards inward from the North. The craft was like a glowing orange about the size of a full moon at night..so it seemed some-what big...but since we had no background reference we couldn't tell how far away it was therefore unable to determine its size. How we came to find out where this craft was was when it began to move. Anyways, I pointed at it from the passenger side and told him to look(he was driving). And we slowed down to a stop where it was almost perfectly parralel to us out the driver side window. This was not a normal orange glow, but rather look like fancy flares of light being emitted from this craft. At the very center of this craft it was a very bright orange/white color, and as light emitted from it, the light very quickly became a very dark orange. We sat there for about 6 or 7 seconds watching this still craft in the air which was over the tree line to us...so we also couldn't tell exactly how high it was. But to find out later, it was only about 40-50 ft off the ground. After those few seconds where it was completely still and making no sound, the craft began moving towards the north at an undeterminable speed because as stated before, we couldnt tell how far away it was. The action in which it took off was very unique, it went from a dead stop and began moving north which we found out later to be at a VERY slow speed because it was so close. It's stop to go motion was exactly like seeing an aircraft flying in the air on video, pausing it, and then playing it again. In other words, it seemed to just be at that speed...no acceleration. Anyway, after those few moments of watching it travel to the north it, I promptly had to the idea to shine our spot light at it in which my friend grabbed the spot light and quickly aimed the light at it and I bluntly told him to Hit IT! He shined the light once at it for about a duration of 1/5-3/4 second. Almost immediately after that, the craft blinked a large blue light back at us from the upper right area of the craft. It was pretty big and could see that the light was being emitted from some sort of stick which was simply a rod that had to brightest glow and the actual emitting light was a bit darker. Right after that I said HIT IT AGAIN and he did and it flashed a big blue light at us a second time! I dont remember what I said next, but he flashed the light a third time and the craft emitted two flashes of light very quickly, and when we signaled back a fourth time it then emitted two slow flashes of light, acknowledging our signals to it. It was just a moment of awe...a few moments later to object finally got the the point where we couldnt watch it very good from the truck...so we both got out and began walking down the road in the direction it was flying(N).  When it finally got to the end of the field(north side, still a ways in) we finally saw its light shining off the tree tops it was heading toward. It was 10-15ft above the trees and as it approached one tree, it jumped up in the air a ways as if it were going to hit it. Then it came back down to the exact height it was previously at and was again close to another tree still heading north at the same speed. It then jumped over the second bigger tree, came down a bit, and leaped over the third tree. All three of which are in his neighbors horse pasture behind their house, right next to the field. Still at the same speed, it went behind some other trees(pine) where we couldn't see it very good...after awhile it finally got past the trees and began heading north-west and slowly flew over his other neighbors house and stopped above a tree in their front lawn(about 120 yards or so from where we were standing)...after hovering there a bit it slowly came down til it got to about 3-4 feet above the ground. Since we started getting so many references it was very clear this craft was only 3-3 1/2 feet in diameter. When it came down that low to the ground, its color changed a bit to be a little more white than orange and was softer and less intense. It hovered there behind the branches for must have been an entire 3 or 4 minutes...but it seemed like it was forever. It was like it was just as curious about us as we were of it. Then, the craft began to rise up and change back a bit more towards orange and got about 10 feet above the same tree and it seemed like it began changing shape. At the angle we were at at this point, looking up at it, its background was the sky. So it seemed like this object began changing shape of some sort but really it began flying directly away from us at a very small angle towards more trees. We began to slowly follow it down the road and after 20-25 seconds or so it finally got behind some trees where we could no longer see it. In this area it wasn't bare maple or oak trees anymore, it was pine trees so it was almost impossible to see it through them. We stopped a little ways before the driveway of the last house and waited for it to pop back out. After maybe 2 minutes it finally crept up above the trees at the end of the road over the trees and someones house heading west-north west. As it disappeared down at the end of the road we looked at each other with our eyes big and mouths open and we took off running towards his house...completely forgetting that the truck was parked in the middle of the road. When we got to the house, just my friends mom was home but she was asleep. We ran in amazed at what we saw, grabbed a bunch of smokes, a pop and ran back to the truck. We wanted to tell the people who were there previously what we saw but at that time everyone had left. We started it up, whipped it around, and took off down the road going North. We got to the end of the road, and began heading west down the road. I was the passenger again and I was watching the sky and fields out my window to see if I could find it. We got about 1/2 mile down the road and took the first gravel road that went north. Both sides of the road were fields for about 1/4 mile, then a thick woods again. As we drove down the road I thought I spotted a light in the woods on the left side, up the road and a little ways in. So we stopped and got out to see if we could see it from a better angle. The light was pretty big, a white center and a red glow much bigger than the previous flying object. We decided we needed to look closer since it just may have been a yard light, very doubtful since it would have to shine brightly through about 100 acres of woods :-) But we had to look closer and see what it was, after all, there was an old cabin back there, maybe someone was occupying it. As we got closer we couldnt see it, and as we got to the woods, we watched out the driver window to see if we could see it. We couldn't. So we got a ways down the road and turned around, and looked again on the way back. We got back to the fields and turned around and still the light was there in the woods. We drove towards it again to see if we could see it, we couldnt. So we turned around again and came back, doing it 2 more times. But on the last time we were on our way back driving up the hill with woods on both sides of us and the fields 1/8 mile ahead of us. We drove up the hill going kinda slow and there it was. A silverish metallic ball about 3ft in diameter shining off our headlights with three lights on it, all flashing in one by one sync with each other. There was two on top next to each other spaced out and one in the center below those two. Flashing very quick blue-white lights. First the top left would flash on and off, then the top right, then bottom and back to the top left. This pattern was done very very quickly. Probably 4-5 rounds a second. It was on the right side of the road about 4 feet off the ground and you could see perfectly it was self luminous, glowing white a bit. It was maybe 40 yards from us. It was stationary for only about 5-6 seconds, enough time for me to scream to turn the truck around...but he didnt, he seemed eager to drive by it. It then floated over to the left side of the road, by that time we were pretty close, at this time I was so frightened I began letting my head to look downward so I couldn't see it, and as I did...poof, gone. Even though it was gone I still remember lights being infront of us for some reason...but anyways, we slowly continued to drive down the road going south. We didn't say a word until we back on the highway going back towards his house. Even then we said very little, a few no way's and a few more simple phrases. When we finally got to his house....we could barely talk about it. It was like there were no words because it didn't even begin to process yet. The entire experience was just so powerful for us to understand right away. He then decided to goto bed and I took the truck home back to my step dads. That's where it started to sink in, because I had to haul in somethings to sleep on from a camper we had without a flash light. One by one I hauled in a small matress, a big pile of blankets and pillows in 3 trips. I didn't want to sleep because I thought I was going to be abducted or something or that I'd look up in the sky and I'd see another craft. I had a negative attitude towards this expierence for awhile, but then I realized it what was obvious. That it was only frightening to us, and they had no intension of scaring us at all. It was just our first expierence with something that isn't supposed to be real. Once I finally came to terms with it and realized how great and amazing it was, it started to sink in a little that we both had a form of contact with this craft that almost without an any doubt was from another world in my mind. It's technology seemed so unbelievable. When it would fly and and jump over the trees, it seemed to be completely unaffected by force as it were independent from traditional forces like G forces. It's moves were slow, controlled and flawless. It moved as if forces did not exist at all. It's pretty obvious that this craft was surrounded by an electromagnetic field. Although I cannot account for the magnetic part, I assume it. The luminosity is a by-product of oxygen/nitrogen? emitting photons caused by the electric field. I do not know if the second craft we saw was the same as the first one. Ever since the sighting I have been into UFO's. Reading about them quite a bit, researching them and watching for them. Since then I have had another expierence of a craft in which I will be reporting which took place about a month later, during the light of day, above our car as we left the city. Both of these sightings happened during the time when Wisconsin was having all the sightings last year. The way I understand these craft to work...it seemes to be connected to electrogravity theory. Where the craft is made out of key material(zinc/iron alloy as I understand) This craft is then surrounded by a strong electromagnetic field allowing the craft to infact have poles. The field is strong and precise enough to where the motion of the charged particles allows the craft to free itself from gravity once it reaches a certain point. Many people say they cannot come here because the distances are so vast. When at the same time science has a way of explaining it, and I believe this is the way it works. Once the craft is in the previously stated condition, I believe, is no longer affected by force carrying particles outside of the craft. The craft then uses some technique(possibly Element 115, if it's true that the strong nuclear force can be used for space/time compression) to allow itself to propel towards a wave of gravity that the craft creates itself and allowing it to accelerate to unbelievable speeds instantly. A lot of new research has shown gravity may be faster than light, maybe even constant. The craft may also use a secondary measure when traveling through space. Once it is understood by us, a long time from now, space and time can be bent. And when we understand it enough, we will be able to control and or manipulate it to our advantage for faster-than-light travel in space. I am a computer scientist specializing in the field of security. I also study quantum mechanics and plan on attending college in the field of Nuclear Physics soon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));45.3384;-89.4753
It was about 9:30PM my friend and I were going to go out deer shining with my step dads truck and my friends spotlight. We left his hou;2004-10-10 23:30:00;45-50 mins;It was about 9:30PM my friend and I were going to go out deer shining with my step dads truck and my friends spotlight. We left his house and proceeded to drive around the local fields shining deer.  We saw 3 6 point bucks and a few does throughout the night. As we saw less and less deer we took it easy...listening to the radio and talking about what would be going on the following weekend. We lost track of time and headed back towards home slowly at around 11pm sometime, driving slowly to shine deer in the fields on the way back to his house.  We turned on the road he lives on(dead end) and proceeded down to his house(going South). As we came closer to his house I noticed an orange glowing craft which looked like it was over his neighbors house. As we got closer we noticed that it wasn't. It was infact sitting completely still about 150 yards into the field just beyond their house from the road and about 170 or so yards inward from the N   ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.3384;-89.4753
orange glowing sphere, very low to the ground;2005-10-15 22:00:00;20 minutes;orange glowing sphere, very low to the ground It was about 10:00 pm October 15, 2005 and a good friend and I were on our way to my house (which is about 4 miles east of Gleason) to work on my truck, because it was having problems at the time.  We were traveling east, and we were at an area where there are fields on both sides of the highway. My friend in the passenger seat was looking out the window, and then I heard him say,Oh my God! What the hell is that?  I immediately stopped my girlfriends car.(we were using hers because my truck was out of commission)  I looked so I could see what he was seeing, and to my astonishment, we saw a bright orange, glowing object to the south of us.  It appeared to be very close and very low to the ground, also, probably 300 yards out in the field and approximately 200-300 feet off of the ground.  We got out of the car to watch this phenomenon happen before our eyes.  Then suddenly it zipped to the west at an amazing speed, then it would slowly come back to where it was when we first saw it.  It had done this 3 times.  Then it started moving to the south.  We got back in the car and I  turned south down a gravel road and we could see it through the trees that it was moving a little faster than us. The object was to our right hand side and in front of us on the other side of the trees.  Then it began to go to the south east.  Then I turned left down another gravel road so we could meet it on the next road over.  We got to the next road over that went north and south.  We turned to the south and could still plainly see it over the road about 1/4 mile ahead of us.  Then it crossed the road still heading south east.  We got up to a bridge and then started to go up the hill that followed.  Then there were open potato fields on both sides of the road.  We could still see it, but now it was pulsing orange and red.   We came to another highway that went east and west, but we stopped to watch it again.   Then right before our eyes, the sphere object took off to the north, and in the blink of an eye it was gone.  We are very glad to have witnessed a UFO, because we may not ever get to see one ever again.;45.3384;-89.4753
orange spherical-shaped ufo flies over lake amazing speed;2005-10-15 22:30:00;5 seconds;orange spherical-shaped ufo flies over lake amazing speed It all started when my wife and i went up to visit some friends of ours up near Echo Lake just north of gleason. We were talking, like we always do, out on their deck in the back yard overlooking the lake. We were all looking out over the lake. (my wife and I, and our two friends and their 19 year old son) Then suddenly, on the south end of the lake (near the boat landing) we saw this really wierd orange ball. We have talked to a few people in the area that we see once in a while and they have also seen an object almost exactly like this one we saw that october night. The craft really wasnt all that big, and it was very low to the ground. (maybe a couple hundred feet) and it flew all the way across the lake from the south end to the north end. and it did this at amazing speed. I am talking seconds to make it across a fairly large lake. it was the most amazing thing. and then when it got to the north end of the lake, it gained altitude very very guickly. we had never seen anything like it before in my life.;45.3384;-89.4753
One sphere craft (viewed by two different groups) similar characteristics of the craft.;2005-10-15 23:00:00;few seconds;One sphere craft (viewed by two different groups) similar characteristics of the craft. well, Ive never seen anything out of the norm up here towards Harrison Hills (few miles north of Gleason, Wisconsin, but this night was certainly different. Three friends, my wife, and I were on our back porch overlooking Echo Lake talking about the weather and such. We were outside, because we are smokers, and we dont smoke in the house.  Anyways let me explain to you what we all saw. It was close to midnight and we were out on the porch looking at the clear skies when suddenly, an unusual looking object (heading north) flew right over the lake. The object was a bright orange, almost yellow, and very bright. It was pretty low to the ground (around 300 to 400 feet) and it was moving pretty quickly over a lake where it takes me a minute or two to get across with my boat, the craft flew over it in a couple of seconds. When it came over the lake it was pretty low, then after it got over the lake, it went up , not straight up, but at an angle, because it was still moving. And it wasnt like an airplane (which goes up in a sort of curve upward) This thing was like it went up quicker than you could snap your fingers and it was in a straight line, like it had a course to follow. We had never seen anything like this in our whole life. The next night we were at a local tavern in gleason and had heard a gentleman and his friend talking about something they had seen that night too, only a little earlier. And he described the object as being almost the same as what we had seen. It was a very strange week here in Gleason.;45.3384;-89.4753
A friend and I were standing in his driveway messing around with a new fishing rod that he had bought. Out of the corner of my eye I sa;2006-09-01 23:00:00;5-6 minutes;A friend and I were standing in his driveway messing around with a new fishing rod that he had bought.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw an orange glowing ball moving above the field across the road.  I took off running to the end of the drive way and up the road a bit in it's direction while calling to my friend to come look.  A similar incident occured like this years before and we thought it was happening all over again.  An orange glowing & pulsing sphere was slowly and silently moving over the tree lines of his neighbors horse pasture & was approx 1/2 the size of the moon as it appears to the naked eye. It's speed was approx walking pace as it moved North over the tree line causing the neighbors dog and cows to go completely insane. I have never heard so much noise from either of them in my life.  After moving about 50 yards north, it changed direction now heading North West at the same speed and was about 80 ft off of the ground. We ran up the road after it watching to see what it would do and what direction it went. Its movements were flawless and required no deceleration.  After about another 1/2 minute we decided to run and get the car to follow it, but after that we were unable to locate it again.  About 30 minutes later we were still driving all around looking for it and decided to go up to a large hill in our area to see if we could see anything.   On our way there we were coming to our turn when all of the sudden a huge orange ball can rocketing by us above our car heading North just as we were. It was out of side within a second.  It again made no noise and was much larger than the last object we saw. It seemed to be only a few hundred feet above the car or so. It's just a guess based upon the amount of detail we could see on the object as it went by.  We could be off by a lot though since it happened so fast and we had no reference to base our judgement on. So it's merely a guess;45.3384;-89.4753
