UFO over Santa Fe, NM, possibly disk shaped, stationary, with light rays of various colors emanating from it.  ((Sirius??));2013-02-05 01:30:00;45+ minutes;UFO over Santa Fe, NM, possibly disk shaped, stationary, with light rays of various colors emanating from it. I believe it was disk shaped but it was a dark (non-starry) sky, so it was hard to see.  At first I thought it was Venus, but then realized it was too early for Venus.  My bedroom window faces west.  I turned off the bedroom lights and watched it some more, thinking it was an aircraft, but it didn't move closer or further away.   So next, I assumed it was a helicopter, since it was over the general area of the 599 road/Old Agua Fria Village, but it remained fairly high, 1/4 mile up (estimate).   As I watched it, it seemed to be shooting out lights, to the side, downward at angles, and to the sides at slight angles.  Periodically it glowed across the top (giving a disk-shaped appearance).  The lights were white and also bright-colored, and shot like rays, rapidly, and not far out from the craft.  I watched it for about 45 minutes.  I thought of taking pictures, but then figured no one would believe me, plus my cell phone probably couldn't capture the image in the! dark sky anyway.   I am partially handicapped too, otherwise I would have gone outside to try and photograph it.  But I live alone, and that would have been dangerous for me.  My dog was here, and she remained asleep on the couch the whole time.  Finally I just thought, Well, if I'm seeing it, someone else probably is too, so I threw the covers over my head and went to sleep.  I woke up later (3:30 a.m.) and it was gone.   I got up, went to the bathroom and kitchen, where I could see the moon low on the horizon, in the south-east sky.   This morning I checked the news but didn't see any reports, so I figured I'd leave one here.  I am 54 years old, female, and not prone to hallucinations.  I usually discount UFO reports.  All of which is to say, I saw something strange enough that I am reporting it here.;35.6509666666667;-105.950274537037
Large Object Hovering/Flying  with Flashing bright lights over Santa FE NM, witnessed by 3;2020-01-23 19:35:00;45 minutes;Large Object Hovering/Flying  with Flashing bright lights over Santa FE NM, witnessed by 3 January 23, 2020- UFO sighting in skies over Eldorado at Santa Fe NM  At approximately 7:35pm Mountain Standard time, I was driving down my street to my son’s school.  I live in community called Eldorado at Santa Fe, which is about 8 miles east of downtown Santa Fe.  It’s a large community with very little light pollution so our visibility is incredible.  That being said you could see an objet to the West Skies in between the Sandia Mountains (Albuquerque) and the Jemez (Los Almos) hovering and moving up and down and side ways.   The light emanating form this very large object was so bright that my son commented on how his eyes were watering from looking at it too long.  This object was in the sky for almost 35 minutes with my own eyes.  I took video of the object cause I was not really sure what my eyes were seeing.  The object seems to make geometric patters at some points and even have different colors that appeared to be flashing.  Some of the light coming from the object seemed to make it look like there might have been more then one object.  I videotaped the object for about four minuets and towards the end of the video around 4:08-4:09 you can see a green flash come from the object.  I went inside for a few minuets then came back out to see if the object was still there and it was but it had moved and also looked as if it had dimmed.  Then my husband and I had to keep moving to higher ground to see the object as it kept dimming and moving west more towards AZ Skies.  Then it was completely gone from our skies!  Craziest thing I have ever seen in the night sky by far .;35.6509666666667;-105.950274537037
