Huge bluish black delta  wing 50 feet or less  over my head while deer hunting from my tree stand in FL !!;1994-01-12 18:00:00;5 minutes;Huge bluish black delta  wing 50 feet or less  over my head while deer hunting from my tree stand in FL !! I was hunting deer from my tree stand that is about 15 feet up on a palm tree in a very remote part of the state in a place called Tiger Island on the mainland portion of Cedar Key.  I have about 49 acres of my own and after sitting completely motion less for just over 5 hours I all of a suddon started to hear a vaccum cleaner noise or a sucking air with no motor sound comming from all around me , since I couldent tell the direction of the sound I remained motionless.  After about 4 or 5 minutes I noticed the noise was above me along with the sky getting darker as thou something was above my head,  I looked up and changed direction in my seat to get a better look at what looked like a flying delta shapped wing which was only about 50 feet above me.  I was able to view it in great detail before it just shot off in a fraction of a second.  The V shapped wing looked much like a modern B2 bomber except it was only flying about 2 miles per hour and had no engine sound.  The nose was missing or it was concave at the front portion with what looked like air vaperizeing all around the front of it and falling into the front of it.  The size was probabaly 200 feet across and 50 feet long, and was blackish blue in color.  It was about 5 pm and I noticed no lights although I could hear over the sucking noise a tinkling sound coming from the rear wing portion.  This sound was accompanied my an electrical or a shiny foil which seemed to be some sort of a discharge all along the rear of the wing, in other words it looked like sparkling foil?  It's hard to put into words since there is nothing to really compare it to.  I noticed no landing gear doors and no panels or rivets. I did see a few non typical panels whitch were outlined by darker lines.  It seemed to detect my movement when I shifted and I also pointed my rifle at it becasue I panicked in thinking it was not going to continue to move on. When I did so it just shot off without leaving any trail or sound, in fact it was far away -so fas! t the noise of the vacuum was sudenly gone. I have never seen a UFO in my life except for this occasion and the very next night 125 miles back home in St. Petersburg Fl.  My wife and I were both sleeping next to the bedroom window which was open when we were both awakened at exactly 4:20 am by an electrical humming sound,  we both got up and sat on out knees in bed and looked out the window and saw a large orange reddish sphere that looked like a miniture sun that was not very bright sitting on the grass just out side our home.  It was about 8 to 10 feet across and about 10 feet from the window.  As we looked at it it began to lift up and very slowly fly up and further away until it was gone from sight.  This sighting was about 10 to 12 minutes baybe much longer I dident time it.  It rose only about 2 feet every 20 feet it drifted away til it drifted over our street and a busy 12 lane street and disappeared about a mile away.  My wife now my x wife turned to me and said What the He&% did you bring back with you from the property?!!  This was her exact words. I was in my mid twentys back then. I never offically reported this since no matter where I looked, phone book, information etc..  I couldent find any place to listen or take the info, and back then I wasent on the net. Last night we saw the same lights from Cedar Key the lady in L.A filmed on 8-31-03 , and also got them on video tape, possibly the same ones since her footage on CNN looked pretty much like ours did. From what I could tell, and since we were able to see them also I think what ever that was, was going on in space.  The thing that haunts me after all those years about my tree stand sighting is the fact that I remeber clearing my mind and foucusing on a single leaf on the ground and starring at it for over 5 hours before I heard the sucking sound coming.  The strange thing about this is I have never sat in a deer stand for more then 3 hours since then or before that instance. I remember never moving or blinking!  I sometimes ponder if what I experienced was missing time and the last part of a sighting-  the craft departing the scene and I awakening and seeing it leave when I was supose to be out for another few minutes?! ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident is approximate.  PD));29.1686;-83.0184
