I could hear and see it, close encounter.;1995-01-01 15:00:00;3 minutes;I could hear and see it, close encounter. I was hunting from a deer stand about 20 feet from the ground in Cedar Key very deep in the woods, I was motionless for 5 hours until about 4 pm ,my thoughts were very cleand limited. I began to hear a vacuum noise or the sound of air being sucked into a a pipe?. I was listening to this for about 2 or 3 minutes still not moving at all , after a while I noticed something very big had moved over my head at about 1 mph ,Startled I looked up a saw a huge delta or trianke shaped craft, It had no engine sound it looked seemless with a very shiney tinsel type foil making a slight tinkle sound all along the back side. the front seemed to have air collapsing into the front as if taking in air. it was about 30 feet above my head and about 200 feet wide and 100 feet front to rear. it looked like a delta wing. the second i looked up i moved my rifle toward it and it suddenly shot off in about a half second, the woods were quiet again.  I have never seen anything before of after this as far as crafts ,except for the very next night 150 miles back to st.petersburg. My wife and I were both awakened in our bed under our open window at 4 am , we were awokened by a humming sound with a low dull fadeing in and out type of sound, we both looked out and with her as my witness we saw a five foot tall glowing orange ball ,looked like a dim sun' it was sitting rite outside my window! when we talked it began to move off the property and pick up speed til it moved over a very busy intersection and disapered up into the sky  her exact words were what the hell did you bring back with you?!   This is were it gets weiard and scary for me about a year ago I was awakened in my bed but I am totally paralized I could only use my eyes ,I looked up and one aliean your very typical looking type moved rite through my bedroom wall,said nothing to with words ,it used its thoughts to tell me to not be afraid we have something to do here the next thing I know 4 or 5 more creeped rite through the other walls from living room and a locked ! door to my room, i was laying on my side and they had inflated my lungs and used an incredable amount of force to blow somthing from my lungs ,they did this several times after they were  satisfied they all left through one wall to the outside. After about 5 minutes or less I was very slowly able to start moving ,I was laying on my side toward the dresser, the dresser was coated a vapor from lungs It was 3 feet from my bed I got up turned all the lights on and stayed up til work I was 36 at the time and not very comfortable with what I went through , .Although I am aware of a common sleep phenomenon assoiciated with this , I have never had a history of this before or after . For a 24 hour period after this my chest was hurting me as if i had over inflated my lungs.  These are the only three episodes of this type in my history. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));29.1686;-83.0184
