Inexplicable recurrent movements of an object across the night sky following a thunderstorm.;1974-05-01 20:30:00;20 minutes;inexplicable recurrent movements of an object across the night sky following a thunderstorm. It was spring and a thunderstorm was waning.  The time was just after sunset and the electricity had gone off.  On a portable radio we heard that a tornado has been sited to the south of our location.  The rain had stopped and we decided to watch for any evidence of the tornado and proceeded to the roof as it offered our best vantage.  The cloud cover was clearing and moving west to east and the sky was dark and clear.  Without electricity we remained on the roof long after the weather settled.  We were just observing the sky as we often did when possible.  Nothing much was happening until I observed a light, much like Telstar I had observed as a child, moving across the sky coming from the north.  It was heading in a southerly direction at a steady pace when it made a ninety degree turn to the east in an abrupt and continuous movement.  It maintained an easterly course until no longer visible to the naked eye.  A few minutes had passed and I spotted the lig! ht again this time heading east to west along the same general path as earlier.  Again it made a ninety degree turn this time to the north.  Again the maneuver was steady, abrupt and continuous.  Hoping it would return we continued to watch the sky.  After a few minutes, I observed the object coming from the north and heading south and again it changed direction in a ninety degree movement heading east.  I tried to point out its location to my partner but it was so dark you literally could not see your hand in front of your face.  It continued east until I lost sight of it.  I waited for the object to return but it never did.  After about thirty minutes we finally climbed down from the roof and called it a night.  I can’t explain what I witnessed but I can’t imagine it was anything naturally occurring.  It seemed to have purpose and the ability to carry out difficult if not impossible maneuvers.  Although this occurred over forty years ago I can recall it as if it were yesterday. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.1631;-80.0538
dont understand how this happend;2009-11-15 10:30:00;dont know;dont understand how this happend   me and my wife and another friend of ares were driving south on i79 in wv south of morgantown heading towared clarksburg wv as we approached goshen road exit i noticed the sign as we were coming toward it we are already about 10 miles from morgantown wv and you can see lights from fairmont wv wich is the town before clarksburg wv all of the sudden it went black and i said to my wife what happend to all the lights they where gone and all of the sudden i see a sign that says maryland 20miles and we were on i68 heading east toward maryland wich goshen road is 10 miles away from i68 its south on i79 well a couple of days past and my wife said to me you have a perfectly round circle on the back of your head the size of a qaurter it is now march 29 2010 and the bald spot is still there with no sighn of growing any hair and it was never there before this insedent i cant explain it how does somthing move a viechle and its passengers over 30 miles in the wrong direction your traveling and get a bald spot on your head and the kicker never loose a min of time and get set in the wrong are you where at crazy but i cant explain it and i have told no one because i dont want them to think im crazy when im not ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));39.1631;-80.0538
