Triangle craft with rotating becaon seen twice in 10 mins;2007-01-27 07:15:00;2 times over 10 min;Triangle craft with rotating becaon seen twice in 10 mins I saw a triangular craft with extreme maneuverability flying a few hundred feet over the trees.   It was early dawn and I saw a rotating red beacon underneath the craft (military?).  It flew around and showed up twice in areas I could see it while I was driving.  Most definitely the same craft.  It maintained a forward constant speed at all times but had a lot more grace when it was flying left and right banking and faster turns than any standard airplane I can think of that exists.   White lights on front and more than two white lights on the back.;40.2906;-76.9487
Large triangle of lights near Enola, PA;2009-01-23 04:30:00;about one minute;Large triangle of lights near Enola, PA I saw an extremely large unknown aircraft at around 4:30 AM on the morning of January 23, 2009. I was outside on my sidewalk having a cigarette, when I happened to notice a very bright light flying to the east. I assumed this was just a plane landing at Harrisburg International Airport (KMDT), as my house is more or less on the approach to runway 13 there.  I paid little attention to it until it drew a little closer, when I realized that it was not one landing light, but about nine of them arranged in a huge triad formation. Above these lights were a pair of ICAO standard recognition/nav lights, moving with the landing lights. Actual assessment of the size of this object was difficult, as it was dark, and the low amount of noise it made would indicate it was quite high. The faint and indistinct noise signature makes it seem all the bigger, as visually it seemed gigantic.  It continued flying an easterly course a ways south of my house, until it disappeared from view. It did not seem to be moving particularly fast, certainately no faster than a commercial airliner. It made no sudden or erratic movements, and it's behavior seemed consistent with known laws of aerodynamics. This, combined with the fact that it had operating recognition lights, makes me certain it was terrestrial in origin, yet the sheer size of it makes it hard for me to explain.  I also have some background information about me that is relevant. I am a rather large aviation buff, and I am taking flight lessons at the Lancaster, PA airport (KLNS). I have a total of sixteen hours logged, all in an Evektor Sportstar light-sport aircraft. I have a fairly good knowledge of Aviation-related subjects, and can recognize nearly any western commercial or military aircraft.;40.2906;-76.9487
