Moving light;1999-03-28 19:30:00;5 minutes;Moving light Light about 1.5 times as bright as the stars seen in the NW sky about it was an airliner with the landing lights on,heading for a point over the landing lights on,heading for a point over me, then it started moving back and forth horizontally in a manner that a conventional aircraft would not do. after a few minutes it just went out... nothing but dark sky.;40.2906;-76.9487
Lights in the sky above Harrisburg Pennsylvania;2002-09-18 20:20:00;15 minutes;Lights in the sky above Harrisburg Pennsylvania Wednesday evening, September 18, 2002, at 20:20 hrs, clear sky.  I noticed a yellow/white light in the north east sky over in the area of interstate 81, north of harrisburg.  I would estimate golf ball size at arms length.  The light turned off like an over head light and then reappeared farther north.  This time the light hovered and then moved from left to right in the sky.  Became stationary and went out again.  The light appeared again in a different part of the sky, more east hovering ... on two separate occassions two others lights appeared asthough they were dropping to the left and right diagonally forming a triangle.  The second and third objects disappearing into the night.  My wife and I thought it bizarre because no other marker lights were on the objects and there was no sound.  Being prior military and around aircraft I was amazed by the angles at which these objects moved.  The activity lasted for approximately 15 minutes when I saw the light turn off.  I contacted the area airport a few days later to see if anyone else reported the occurrence.  The airport ops stated nothing unusual was reported for that evening. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other report from Pennsylvania for this date.  We wonder whether the lights might have been advertising lights, but the other witness insisted that such was not the case.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP RESPONSE FROM WITNESS)) Mr Davenport, My residence is in Enola Pa which is West of Harrisburg just across the susquehanna river. 1 Mile by the crow.  As I watched the Phenomenon I was facing the North East sky.  This would have place the sighting over the area of the Enola Train Yards, the susquehanna river, south of the Interstate 81 bridge, which is due north of the city of Harrisburg.  I was not able to distinguish any shapes to the phenomenon but I was able judge some relative distance because I was able to see the mountain tower lights across the river that are located in the Linglestown area.  These objects were definitely between the background lights and the location from where I was standing.  Again, it was nothing like I have ever witnessed before ... the maneuvering of the lights was simply amazing.  I hope this information helps and I would be happy to help out as much as I can.  Thanks for your time. ((END FOLLOW-UP));40.2906;-76.9487
Six lights in a J formation appeared/disappeared in sky.;2007-12-12 17:00:00;about a half hour off and;Six lights in a J formation appeared/disappeared in sky. In the eastern sky at about 5pm I was walking my dog when I saw approx. 6 brilliant/bright lights in the sky. They were white in color and were too close together to be aircraft and were extremely bright.  They were in a J or hook formation.  I was in running distance to my residence.  I asked my wife to come out to see what I was looking at.  By the time she came outside, only two lights were present but she was able to see that they seemed out of place in that it wasn't something you would see in the sky.  The lights then faded out.  About a minute later they reappeard in a slightly different part of the eastern sky.  This time my wife saw the J formation and again after a few seconds of appearing they went out.  This occurred a few more times in the next 25 minutes.  During this time a neighbor was getting her mail and I explained that my wife and I were seeing strange lights in the sky.  I asked her if she would stay out and try to witness them with us so we would have another witness.  The lights appeared and our neighbor saw them.  Her comment was that she thought that they were as bright as fireworks and she never saw anything like it.  I am a 34 year old male that is management in an insurance company.  My wife is recently a stay at home mother who used to work as an analyst at the same company.  I do not have a name or background information with the neighbor.;40.2906;-76.9487
