Strange speeding objects emitting fireballs and smaller aircraft reported in Moultonborough New Hampshire.;2002-06-18 21:30:00;20 minutes;Strange speeding objects emitting fireballs and smaller aircraft reported in Moultonborough New Hampshire. At the time of the occurrence, it was 9:20 pm and was still fairly light out. as i neared the intersection of route 109 and 25 in Moultonborough New Hampshire, something very bright like a fireball caught the top corner of my eye over a large field with mountains in the distance. i pulled over at the intersection and got out of my car and looked up at the sky and didnt see anything and thought that maybe it was a reflection. with the thought of it still in my head i was driving east down route 25 looking up at the sky and then i saw the fireball flash again. i immediately pulled over and got out of my car and watched where it went. the object then reversed it's direction and went the other way. just as i noticed the object reverse direction,  another object identical to the first at a very fast speed came from behind the trees and went the opposite direction the other object was going. I then observed that each of the objects were circling each other. After standing around for about 2 minutes both objects took a complete 90 degree turn and were bombing toward each other at very high speeds. at the moment they were closest to each other, one of the objects blew up into a huge fireball and and kept on going. That object then turned around and started the same routine with circling the other object. Like the first time, they bombed toward each other and at the closest point, one of the objects blew up into a fireball but this time emitting two(2) smaller aircrafts much smaller than that of the other ones. The object that emitted the two smaller aircrafts suddenly dissapeared. At this point, i knew this was unusual activity and that this was no military practice. It looked as if there was a war going on between the aircrafts. These aircrafts were noticeable as they contained constant flashing white lights. After seeing this activity, i quickly sped off  toward home. before i got to where i live i saw 2 other cars stopped on the other side of the road watching and pointing at the weird activity in the sky. ! i stoppe d breifly and was glad to see that the other people in the cars were seeing what i was seeing. I got home and called the Moultonborough Police Department and was informed that hundreds of other people called in to report that they too had also witnessed the strage activity in the sky. I was also informed that there was no military activity in the area and that 2 police aircraft were sent out to investigate but they were too late as the objects quickly disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  A description of this event can be found on the NUFORC homepage.  PD));43.7272;-71.3945
