WHILE I WAS TAKING A WALK I SAW TWO TINY DOTS IN THE SKY.;2006-04-29 19:00:00;55 Seconds;WHILE I WAS TAKING A WALK I SAW TWO TINY DOTS IN THE SKY. Well I left my house. I was walking to TACO BELL. It was on 04/29/2006 on a Saturday evening at 7:00 P.M. Something in the sky caught my eye. I saw 2 little dots in the sky. I don't know what it was. It wasn't a plane or star I saw in the sky. I don't know rather it was a weather balloon. But there was a plane in the area. But there were two tiny dots in the sky about anywhere from 5.000 to 20.000 feet. But the two little dots I saw in the sky were moving. I was looking to the northwest and saw these little dots in the sky then they went under a cloud and I lost sight of them. I kept looking and couldn't see them no more. I'm not sure what I was seeing but two tiny little dots in the sky. It was party cloudy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.6307;-93.2835
lights seen in eastern sky in Minden, La., at conference centre at Caney Lake!!!!!;2009-06-24 00:15:00;watched for 20 min.;lights seen in eastern sky in Minden, La., at conference centre at Caney Lake!!!!! At approximately 00.15 hours (12:15 central/-6 hrs.) I was returning to one of the cabins at the Caney Conference Centre in Minden, La., when I stopped to view all the stars in the nice clear sky.  I noticed a bright light in the eastern sky and was trying to figure out what star or planet it was.  I didn’t have any of the astronomy books or magazines with me, but it just didn’t seem to be in the right place.  It was about 30 degrees on the horizon.   All of a sudden it began to move around slightly.  At first I thought it was just my eyes playing tricks.  But then it moved again.  It did this several times in about 10 minutes time, very erratically.  It would move up, down, left, down, up right, left, down, up, right, up, right, down, etc. very random, but not very far, only maybe with in one or two degrees each move.  Then it stopped.  When it stopped this time, it looked as though there were two other lights, right next to the main/brightest light.  The brightest one was whiteish, the other lights were reddish (one to the bottom right) and blueish (one to the top left).  I had my 10x42 binoculars with me, but when I looked through them, it just looked like one big blob of light. After about 5 or so minutes of stillness, it started to move around again.  This time it did basically exactly the same as before.  Also, both times, it appeared to wind up in the exact same spot it started from.  Now, there is a small airport just down the road, but it didn’t move like any plane.  If it had been, and it was on approach, then the light/lights should have gotten bigger, further apart, and I would have heard the engine.  Not to mention it would have changed altitude gradually and not returned to the same spot where I first noticed it.  I continued to watch this lighted object for about another 30 minutes so almost not quite an hour.  I stopped because I just figured it was some light/beacon, on a wire, or top of a pole, or something and the winds up that high were blowing stronger and moving it erratically like that. Well the next morning (being today) I went back to the same spot, only about 50 or so yards from my cabin.  THERE IS NOTHING AT ALL IN THE AREA OF THE SKY IN THE SPOT WHERE THIS LIGHT HAD BEEN AND WAS MOVING AR0UND.  I even took out my binoculars again to see if there was something further out and very narrow that I just couldn’t make out.  Well, there wasn’t.  So that is why I thought I’d post this, just in case someone else saw the same thing. The coordinates of my position are: N 32 39'52.0 W093 18'08.3, facing E 90deg.  This is the first time I’ve ever seen anything like this in my life and I’ve looked for stuff out there like this.  I hope someone else out there saw, or sees the same thing in this area, and reports it here on NUFORC.  I actually live in Baton Rouge, but am here for the week.;32.6307;-93.2835
