Orange Lights over Gulf of Mexico (Orange Beach, Ala.) ((NUFORC Note:  Flares??  PD));2004-08-19 22:15:00;~30 seconds;Orange Lights over Gulf of Mexico (Orange Beach, Ala.) While sitting on the beach at approximately 10:15 p.m. CST in Orange Beach, Ala., many people on the beach and I oberserved orange lights to the southwest over the Gulf Of Mexico.  They were too high in altitude to be a boat or oil rig.  They did not flicker or move, so they could not be a flare.  There were four or so orange dots with the center two closer together.  They appeared suddenly and disappeared instantly thirty seconds or so later.  They never appeared to move at all.  They were just a solid orange color.  I called the local news agencies the next day to report my sighting.  They said that The Blue Angels were based close by in Pensacola, Fla. and could have been practicing out over the Gulf Of Mexico.  If this was the case, wouldn't the lights have changed position?  Wouldn't the intensity of the light change?  I'm really stumped by what I have witnessed. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that no aerobatic team practices precision aerobatic flight at night.  The lights may have been flares, but that is only a guess.  PD));30.281;-87.5815
Star shaped shot across sky, stopped briefly and then shot back in the same direction as it came very fast.;2007-06-30 22:00:00;20 seconds;Star shaped shot across sky, stopped briefly and then shot back in the same direction as it came very fast. My wife and I were sitting on the beach looking at shooting stars. I saw what I thought was a bright star shooting across the sky. It looked like other stars but was bigger and brighter.  As I was watching, what I thought was a star suddenly stopped.  It stayed in a stationary position for about 5 seconds and shot back in the direction that it came from at a high rate of speed and was out of sight in about 3 seconds.   I looked at my wife and she asked me if I saw something in the sky.  I didn't tell her what I saw at that moment because I wanted to hear her describe what she saw.  It was exactly the same thing that I had seen.   I'm not saying it was a spacecraft but I have no idea what it was.;30.281;-87.5815
Set of three lights floating over the Gulf of Mexico;2011-10-20 21:15:00;3-4 mins.;Set of three lights floating over the Gulf of Mexico Looking West down the beach over the gulf of Mexico we saw a set of three lights appear and disappear 3 times.  The lights were equally spaced apart and changed from orange to white and faded out one at a time.  They seemed to be floating.  Unfortunately we never reached for a video Recorder which we truly are regretting. It was exciting but left us questioning what we were witnessing.;30.281;-87.5815
