Observed light at high altitude chane directions in an impossible way.;2004-10-02 19:30:00;15 min;Observed light at high altitude change directions in an impossible way. Providing security on the beach after Hurricane Ivan, I was on the beach when it was becoming dark.  I do not remember the exact time, but there was only one star in the sky, no lights from the beach due to lack of electricity and curfew.  I was lying on my back on a ATV talking to a family member when I observed a light, or what looked more like an reflection of something large moving in an north western direction.  I thought to myself, thats fast, and when the object immideatley moved in an more than 90 degree direction at the same speed, I hung up the phone.  For the next 10 minuites I observed the object stop, move quickly to another location and stop.  It appeared that the object was positioning itself.  About this time the stars were very visible and it aligned itself with small adjustments to two other stars and seemd not to move again.;30.281;-87.5815
Bright and huge star-like object in the sky during mid-day hours;2005-05-23 12:00:00;1 hour;Bright and huge star-like object in the sky during mid-day hours.  On May 23, 2005 beginning at 12:00 PM, 5 people including myself observed an unusual daytime object (almost star-like yet comparable in size to an enormous planet near earth at its closest point) emitting radiant light (correlative to reflection of sunlight shining off a mirror) in the daytime sky.  Our location when we saw the light in the sky was at Orange Beach, Alabama on a condominium midway through construction.  The condominium is located nearly directly in front of the Alabama Point bridge which I estimated the distance between the bridge and the condo to be approximately a mile in distance. The whole observation began when three people and I took our lunch break at exactly 12:00 PM on the condominium's balcony that was facing southeast on the first floor.  I tended to my lunch,  devouring the tuna-fish sandwich that I had made in the early morning, while the other three people began consuming their meal just a few yards away from me.   While attending to my lunch, I was wearing my polarize sunglasses and glancing towards the Gulf admiring the scenery of the barrier island's surroundings.  It was extremely hot and humid that day which also set a new temperature record for that day.  I believe the actual temperature was 98 degree F, and with the humidity factored in, the temperature actually felt like 115 degree F.  Because it was so hot and humid that day, the surrounding area had a slight haze in the air which is typical for hot, humid climate.    The sunlight seem to be especially intense that day for it was extremely bright and challenging when seeing without the aid of sunglasses.  Thankfully, there was a slight and gentle breeze from the Gulf  to briefly cool us off just a tad now and then.   While glancing around at the surrounding area, a brilliant light in the sky captivated my attention.  I said nothing to the others just yet, but I just dwelled there in awe scrutinizing the light to see if it would change direction if it was traversing the sky.   I didn't want the other people to think I was seeing a UFO until I rule out all possibilities of what the light may be.   There was some clouds in the sky, and few times, the clouds would pass in front of the light in the sky, yet the light still shined through the clouds seemly almost unhindered.  The light was just barely off the left side of one of the three, huge condo that was on the barrier island.  In the line of sight of the light is a small island that has some pine trees on it.  That was one of the reasons why I didn't spot the light in the sky at my first glance of the surroundings.   The light seem to just suspend over the Gulf just between East and South East direction near the area where the torturous sun rise slowly each morning.  If you were to draw a line between the light and the condo, it did not cross the Alabama-Florida boundary line, but it was just between the two, tall pine trees on the island.  Between the two pine tree was a stubby tree possibly an oak tree.  I used those trees as a guide for any lateral movement in the light.   The light elevation may had been between 30 to 45 degrees off the horizon, but almost level with the condo's roof on the barrier island which was also leveled with the pine trees.   Thinking it may be a jet heading directly towards my direction with its lights on, I waited five minutes for any changes in direction, elevation, or intensity of the light, and I also listen for any sounds of a jet flying.  Since none of those factors changed and no jet sound could be heard, I disclosed to the other people of what I saw.  I guided them in direction using the pine trees as landmarks for the viewing of the light.   At first, both witness had some trouble spotting the light until their eyes adjusted and was able to see clearly the light.  I let one of the witness use my sunglasses, and he was able to see the light with no problems.   I asked the two witness, What is it?  Neither of them had any clear answers, but only possibilities of what the light may be.  There was another person on the balcony, but that person refused to glance in the direction that the light was being observed.   Both witness and I watched for another 10 minutes when three more people showed up on the balcony.  They were able to view the light and again I asked, What is it?  No one had any definite answers.  One person said, It could be a balloon.  Another person said, It could be a parachute ride.  Another person said, It could be a plane.  Another person said, It could be a planet or star.  Another person said, It could be kite.  It could be an UFO! I said because nobody could identify it. All the witness watch the light and discussing what it could be until our lunch break was over.   Occasionally, I would glance towards the light while we were working until around 1:00 PM, I could no longer see the light where it once was positioned exactly each time in the same area in the sky motionlessly shining like a bright, huge star.  My final thoughts, What was it I saw that day?;30.281;-87.5815
star like object flys in night sky;2007-06-03 21:00:00;5 minutes;star like object flys in night sky On June 3, 2007, a friend and I was fishing in Orange Beach, Alabama at the Alabama point bridge. The fishing place was packed full of people, probably of about fifty people because every fishing spot was taken up by someone fishing from underneath the bridge to the other end of the breaker wall where the road pavement ends which is about two hundred feet from point to point.  We arrived at the fishing place at about 4:00PM.  The sky was clear, and it was very windy.  It wasn't too hot because of the wind.  At that time, not too many people were catching fish.  The tide was going out into the Gulf, and quicker as each hour passing thus creating a swift current in the boating channel.  Around 8:00PM, darkness  began.  Stars also began appearing.  When it got dark, the fish bites became more regular rather then far between.  I was fixated on this large star located due east, probably a planet because it was so large.  Around 9:00PM while glancing now and then at this large star, I noticed  star like object appear near the large star. At first, I thought another star was appearing as the night time sky above was slowly rotated over us.  My thoughts then changed to possibly a plane approaching us, but if it was a plane, it wasn't the normal white light that a plane normally projects forward as it fly in the sky.  At one point while I was watching this object get closer to our position which I estimated the object was at least five miles away, I thought I saw it jitter up and down.  I squint with my eyes thinking maybe the wind was tossing me around a little thus causing me to see this object jiggling up and down slightly.  That didn't help, the object still appeared to be jiggling around almost as in sharp jerks of up, down, and sideways motion.  I called out to my friend who was intensely fishing, Do you see that star?  She was almost ignoring me when she finally look up at me and saw me pointing to the star like object, then she glanced at the star like object. I then said, I think it! s an UFO .  She looked at it for a few seconds then went back fishing not saying a word since a fish was tugging at her pole which she caught. When I first saw this object, it was about the same size as the star like planet, but slightly smaller.  Then something very odd happen which I now changed my mind of it being a star or plane. The object was probably about two or three miles away at about 5,000 feet in altitude from our position when it made a wide turn to the north.  If it was a plane, technically, I shouldn't have longer seen its headlights.  Not only that, I should have seen its strobe lights flashing to indicate that it was a plane.  No identification lights were seen.  And it still look like a star.  The altitude the object was at was extremely way too low for it to be a satellite.  The alarm bells went off inside me: UFO.  I always carry a camera in my car and luckily, the battery was still charged, and I haven't used up all of the digital space.  I quickly walked to the car and grab the camera. I could have quickly took some pictures in automatic mode, but I didn't trust that the camera would take a picture in that mode, especially with the flash possibly occurring and distorting the picture.  I quickly search for the night time mode of available light on my camera knowing that I should get a  picture in that mode, but forgot about the shutter speed, it was too was slow.  I found the object in the sky now looking at its backside which it is also getting further away from me at the speed of a slow moving jet.  I took the first picture shot and I was stun because the shutter was staying opened too long, so I tried as best as I could to hold the camera steady.  After about a second, the stutter closed.  I was really worried that the shutter would stay open for about five seconds.  Anybody who has ever tried to take night picture could probably tell you what will happen if you hold the camera while the shutter is too slow.  I had no time to change the mode, so I took another picture holding the camera as steady as possible.  I was able to get four pictures before I could no longer see the object in the monitor. While I was taking the pictures, one of the fishermen look at me and then looked at the direction I was taking the picture.  He noticed the object and asked me, What is it?  I replied, Probably an UFO.  He looked back at it again then looked at me strangely then continue on fishing.  For the rest of the night, he just ignored me as if I was a fruit cake or a nut. People, I just don't understand while some people can't believe that UFO's can be possible.  Some worried that by believing UFO's are possible may affect their religious beliefs.  I'm religious, but it hasn't affect by beliefs.  As one person said to me, I'll believe UFO's are real when one lands on my front door steps and knocks on my front door.  I'm not a fruit cake, but a very well educated person with a open mind, not closed as of some people.  Something is flying in our skies, and its not just a plane, balloons, kites, meteorites, birds, etc.   And the government needs to get involved in explaining some of these flying object because I beginning to think they are UFOs.   Picture of what I have taken that night is being sent via email. Not great pictures, but it something. ((NUFORC Note:  One of three reports from the same source.  PD));30.281;-87.5815
