It was the unusual movement that made all who were observing the object consider it a UFO.;1985-02-15 00:00:00;30minutes;It was the unusual movement that made all who were observing the object consider it a UFO. While on Field Training Excersise with the Georgia Army National Guard at Fort Stewart Georgia I witnessed this event along with a number of other soldiers.  We were firing artillery that night and I was on the Observation Point along with a number of other soldiers.  I cannot remember how many objects we saw that night but I am sure of one.  The object appeared at a high altitude.  It was a crisp winter night with little or no moon.  All of the stars were quite clear.  I am used to looking for satellites in the night sky.  I was a COMSEC Officer with the 1/230 Field Artillery Battalion.  Along with Forward Observers on the OP were a number of Active duty evaluators who were assigned to our unit for evaluation.  The object caught someones eye and soon we were all viewing object.  Each of us trying to find an explaination.  The object which appeared as s small star in the sky just kept moving in very bazaar movements.  It zigged and zagged but it seemed to stay overhead.   Of course we were on a very important military base and all considered it some kind of spy satellite.  It seemed to looking at us.  The movements were so unusual that we had to call it a UFO.  Some thought it might be a weather balloon.  No balloon would stay in a pattern such as the object that night.  It was not a flight path of any known flying objects I have ever seen nor my fellow soldiers many of which had years of active duty. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));31.848;-81.6019999999999
Two brightly lit yellow spheres hovering slowly through the treetops in the middle of the woods.;2011-12-13 19:55:00;20 minutes;Two brightly lit yellow spheres hovering slowly through the treetops in the middle of the woods. 7:55 PM:  In separate trucks, my coworker and I were driving through the thick woods of our local hunting club.  As I followed behind him, he unexpectedly sped up around a sharp curve and proceeded to slam on his brakes.  He hopped out of his truck, sprinted to my vehicle and out of breath, he yelled, Did you see that?  I listened skeptically as he told me he spotted three bright lights hovering above the clear cut to our left. 7:57 PM: Before I could tell him that I’d have to see it to believe it, a bright light moved slowly, from left to right, below the tree tops in front of us.  This perfectly round light faded out of sight near the top of a group of tall pines.  My attitude immediately shifted from skeptical to alert mixed with a little fear.  We hopped in and drove on to our destination, which was still a solid 1.5 miles straight through the woods. 8:02 PM:  My eyes were glued, and my head was on a swivel.  My windows and windshield were completely fogged over due to my body temperature’s rising.  The floating objects did not make us wait long to confirm their existence once again.  Around the same altitude as the first, two lights appeared to our right, creeping along together.  The other driver pointed toward the lights, and I stopped my vehicle.  The two yellow circles continued moving for a few seconds, then stopped.  When they resumed movement, one light disappeared, while the other remained in motion and faded out of sight.  I wiped the fog off my window as we carried on down the path. 8:10 PM:  Convinced the encounter was over, I spotted two more floating lights to my left.  I beeped my horn to notify the other driver I was stopping.  They flew at the same altitude, but they were now in a completely different set of tall pines.  Being in high alert mode, I realized that the lights seemed to be reacting to us (disappearing as we initially rounded the corner, appearing up ahead of us, moving towards our rear whenever we stopped).  Similar to the first pair, one light disappeared while the other slowly flew out of sight. The yellow lights were constant, with no flashing or flickering.  Even though they were moving slowly, they seed to leave a lighted tail behind them (similar to a comet).  There was no noise of any kind associated with their presence, even though they seemed to be within a 100 yard radius of our trucks.  They stopped and started multiple times, displaying their ability to hover.;31.848;-81.6019999999999
