I saw a strange light show over suburban Minnesota;2003-07-23 22:35:00;approximately 10 minutes;I saw a strange light show over suburban Minnesota I was outside watching the stars, lying on the hood of my dad’s car in the driveway.  I was talking to my friend on the phone at the time.  I saw a satillite traveling Northward across the sky.  Later, I thought I was another satellite.  This observation was reached by the luminousity of the object and it rate and direction of it’s travel.  The object appeared as one bright, white/yellow ball of light.  Having lived under busy commercial air routes for my entire life, and being an amateur aircraft expert, I readily identified the object as not being commercial air traffic.  The object was traveling in an Eastern direction, coming from the West.  Suddenly the object stopped.  It started to move again, but on a different course.  The object was soon almost directly overhead.   As the object was overhead, it rapidly flew in circles, zig-zag patterns, and hovered.  I noticed there was a sort of hazy halo around the light, and that it left a slight hazt trail as it moved.  After a few minutes of said displays, the object started moving rapidly North.  Suddenly reversing directions, the object began traveling Southward.  It was at this time that I noticed the object was not one white light, but three distinct lights composing one object, or very tight formation.  The lights were colored green, red, and white.  These are the colors used on commercial aircraft, but the did not appear in the correct configuration to be such an aircraft.  As the object sped Southward toward the horizen, it stopped briefly.  At this time, the object split into three different white lights in a triangle formation.  As soon as the object had completed this transformation, it disappeared at incredible speed to the Southeast.;44.8306;-92.9393
Multiple ufos with unusual lights over Cottage Grove,  MN;2008-05-19 22:00:00;2.5 hrs;Multiple ufos with unusual lights over Cottage Grove, MN This sighting is very, very similar to one I just found from the same area in 2003, it can be found here: http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/030/S30323.html  Me and 2 of my friends (we are all from St. Paul) drove out to Cottage Grove to hang out with a few friends of ours. We were playing basketball in the driveway of their house for about an hour, and people began to leave. We were about to go inside when I noticed an object moving through the sky. It looked like a large satellite, and it was moving at a constant speed. Being a pretty big ufo enthusiast myself, I pointed it out and we all started watching it. It soon started to make wobbles and turns that no satellite or aircraft could have made (it was way too high up to be a plane). I was wondering if it was my eyes playing tricks on me when it completely stopped in the middle of the sky. It hovered in one spot for about 40 seconds, and in that time it grew extremely bright. At that point we all knew it was no satellite we were looking at.  The object started moving again and flew into the distance. There were 5 of us watching it by now, and we called another person who lived down the block to come outside and see what was going on. We soon saw another object in the sky, and very faint, smaller dots appeared around it. The dots shot off in different directions, some moving extremely fast and some slower. One big dot stayed stationary. As we watched these dots (especially the big one) they began to change colors and it almost looked like they would split into 2 dots and then reassemble. One of the people I was with saw a red object leave the biggest dot and shoot towards the ground. All of us saw very faint shooting star-like objects flying by the area of the biggest dot. A HUGE orange object soon flew through a small area of the sky in a very shooting star-like motion, and we all saw it. At this point there were six of us and we decided to get in the car and drive about a half mile away to a place where there was less light and more open space to watch.  We relocated to a parking lot with a field next to it, and we watched the objects that were still in the air. We saw some movement but not as much as before. We noticed that in the far corners of the sky there were flashing dots. Pretty much every direction you turned you were able to see something in the sky. Then, the big one. My friend went around to the other side of the building we were parked by to pee. He saw something in the sky and called all of us over. It was an object hovering in the air with extremely unusual lights. This one was much, much closer than any of the other things we had seen, and was actually only about a hundred feet from the ground from what it looked like. We ran over and watched it as it started moving one way, completely changed directions, and then completely turned around again. It flashed extremely brightly at least 3 times and then began to display very different patterns of lights. It almost could have been mistaken for a plane's lights at one point, but the lights kept changing and the object was moving very strangely. It disappeared over the treeline.  After this object we saw 3-4 plane-like objects move overhead, about 5 minutes apart from each other. They all came from the same direction, all were silent, and all of them headed in the same direction towards the first object we saw. They had blinking white and red lights on them but the amount of lights and the speed they were traveling was unusual. Me and a friend saw one final object, WITH blinking red and white lights, fly in the same direction. We thought it could be a plane but I watched it carefully just in case. When it passed where we were standing it began to move up and down as it was flying, making weird movements that planes do not make. Overall the entire experience lasted about 2-2 1/2 hours. These were definite UFOs, we all saw them. It was like absolutely nothing I have ever seen before, and the same goes for the 5 credible witnesses I was with. I'm sure other people saw these also, as some of these objects were not subtle at all. Again, these objects moved in ways planes cannot, in erratic, jerky movements. However, they were definitely under some kind of intelligent control, as some seemed to interact with each other. Each of the 5 people I was with will tell the exact same story if asked, and we all saw what we saw.;44.8306;-92.9393
Small light that changed shape, went high speed and had no source present.;2013-06-01 23:50:00;5-7 seconds;Small light that changed shape, went high speed and had no source present. My friends and I were going down a hill late at night while half a mile out a large v shaped object was coming towards us at a very high speeds.  The light then condensed to a small circle and went by us faster than any vehicle we have ever witnessed.   We had no idea how to react because we have never seen anything like this.  We believed it was something from a craft in the sky but at the time nothing was in sight.   We are not giving a false report and please contact me I have left all my contact info so please call back.;44.8306;-92.9393
