The object appeared cigar-shaped and emitted strobe light patterns of various colors.;2002-02-08 05:30:00;approximately 1 hour;The object appeared cigar-shaped and emitted strobe light patterns of various colors. I reported this incident back in 2002, at which time it was posted on your website and also on the Wisconsin website (taken from yours).  It remained there for some time.  When I had not checked on it for a couple of years, I found that it had been erased.  I'm not sure why it was erased unless it was deemed increditable.  However, the recent sighting at O'Hare reinforces the accuracy of my family's UFO sighting that took place in February 2002.    I am a former teacher and substitute teacher, and my husband is an Air Force veteran and a retired IRS Special Agent, who is now currently employed as an inspector for the Illinois State Police.  As to the incident, my husband, along with our 13 year old  daughter, and myself,  witnessed a UFO for approximately one hour while driving east on Highway 43 between Beloit, WI. and Milwaukee, WI. at approximately 5:30 A.M. in February 2002.  The object first came into view as an unusual very bright light in the clear sky south of our position.  At this time in the morning, the sky was completely dark and we continually observed this object as it appeared to move closer to our position.  As we traveled eastbound on Highway 43, the object began to take shape.  We had no idea how far away the UFO was, but it eventually began traveling in parallel to our vehicle.  When it first became identifiable, it appeared to be cigar shaped, with a lighted opaque dome.   From time to time, the object emitted various light patterns consisting of various colored lights in a strobe-light format. As the object came closer to us, it seemed very large.  The object would occasionally stop moving and fall behind our vehicle, then suddenly dart very far ahead.   At one point, the object was directly parallel with our vehicle and began to turn about its axis.   The object's appearance ressembled the classic description of a Flying Saucer.  Across the middle of the object were stobe lights running in a pattern of red, green, and blue lights.  At various times, white, red, green, blue, and lavender colored lights were emitted, in strobe form, from various positions on the craft.   As we came into downtown Milwaukee, the object appeared to be over the southern part of the city near the Milwaukee airport.  Daybreak was taking place and the object was quite clear.   At that point, as an aircraft took off from the airport in a southwestern direction, the object rapidly climbed at a steep angle (approximatley 70 degrees)in the clear sky and dissappeared into a high cloud bank.  This occurred at a speed far in excess of any known aircraft and similar to the O'Hare sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));42.5649000000002;-89.0843000000003
UFO changing before my eye's absolutely no sound.;2012-06-08 23:00:00;30 seconds;UFO changing before my eye's absolutely no sound. A UFO appeared, and was changing  right before my eye’s.  I had been outside looking at the stars.  The sky was dark, clear of clouds, and the moon hadn’t risen yet.  I came back into the house and sat in the recliner to watch television.  I am looking at the TV right next to the full sliding screen door to the open porch directly in front of me.  The view of the sky from where I am setting is jet black. Suddenly a red circle appeared. It was large not small like a star.  I’ve never seen anything like this in the sky.  The color was like a dark red ripe strawberry.  As I ran out onto the porch it changed right in front  of my eye’s.  There was a orange red deep crescent thicker in the middle and tapering at each upward point .  There were two perfect circles watermelon colored  above each point of the crescent. It was moving in a vertical position horizontally  across the sky.  The size of the circles were like the size of a pencil eraser compared to a star ,and the depth of the crescent was at least  three times as long as the circle’s size.  Next there appears  a  frame of light yellow gold in the shape  of an elliptical with the circles midway of the yellow gold frame there appears to be cup like indentations on right and left top, outlined by the yellow gold frame.  The frame appears to be equal in height above the circles as the orange red crescent is below.  The size is now ! much larger now. There is nothing visible in the center. The object is slowly moving behind the treetops , the tree is approximately 40-50 feet tall.  I can see light   Through the trees.  The glimpses I can see it seems to have changed position .  I can see it more horizontal to the ground with white in the center.  At this point it definitely looks like a craft.  It’s gone behind a taller tree and all I can see is light coming through the tree for a couple of seconds. Then I see it again this time clearer.  I see two  bright  white large rounded cylinder shaped protrusions in the center  with a deep red circle on either side.  It is tilting toward me as it passes from behind the tree. It seems extremely close like two hundred feet or less, and its large.  Now it suddenly turned and I see four white rounded cylinder shapes sticking up from one side giving it a somewhat shape of a crown or tiara.   At this point I realize that this object is not  making a sound !!!   I turned and ran as fast as I could into the house to get a camera and ran out the back door to the front yard , but by the time I got out there it was gone.  I so much wish I would have just stayed there watching .  At least I saw what I saw  and it was the most spectacular thing I’ve ever seen in the sky. This all took place 30 seconds or less , with the object only being clearly visible  for 5-10 seconds.  The object first appeared in the southern sky moving in a northeastern direction.  It was visible to me in the area of the old Beloit Hospital off Olympian Blvd. Beloit, Wisconsin. 10:45 pm Friday June 8-2012TT ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded to us to be quite sincere, and eloquent in her description of the object.  PD));42.5649000000002;-89.0843000000003
