Oddly shaped black object hovering high in the daytime sky for about 20 minutes and then dissappearing.;1996-06-08 16:30:00;20 minutes;Oddly shaped black object hovering high in the daytime sky for about 20 minutes and then dissappearing. At about 16:30 on a Saturday afternoon, while at work as a security guard, I happened to be using binoculars to look at a high flying jet that was leaving a contrail when I came across an object that I could not identify (which, since I have been interested in astronomy and have been watching the sky both day and night my whole life, means that it REALLY is unidentifiable).  Quickly scanning the sky with my binoculars, I found three other identical objects.  The objects, which appeared as two black spheres one over the top of the other and connected by a thin short rod (simillar to a barbell stood on end), had no wings or rotors but still hovered in place. These objects were high enough in the sky that they could not be seen without binoculars.  After watching the objects for about 20 minutes, I tried shifting position in order to steady my binoculars and get a better look at the objects.  This took maybe five seconds, but when I looked for the objects from my new position, all four of them had disappeared and could not be found again. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  If the event occurred on a Saturday, it would have been June 1st, 8th, 15th, or 22nd of 1996.  PD));42.5649000000002;-89.0843000000003
One big white light and 2 smaller ones on it's side;2001-07-13 04:00:00;until sunrise;One big white light and 2 smaller ones on it's side This is the second time that I have seen this particular sighting.  The first time I saw it I thought it was strange but blew it off simply as stars.  However, since I've seen it again, thought it might be worth sharing. Not really sure if it is a UFO per se, but it is definately not like anything I've seen before. Would love it if someone could explain what it is. Around about the same time it was before, 4:00-4:30 a.m., I went outside for a smoke because I was having problems sleeping.  Outside, over I 43 west of Beloit, going towards Milwaukee, there was one very big extremely bright and intense white light in the sky and a smaller light on it's lower right side, stationary in the sky.  I noticed it right away because as I stepped outside the garage it was located directly in front of me.  I looked around to see if there were any other stars in the sky, because the sun was about to come up and I was surprised to see such a huge bright light at that time of the day.  As I turned back around, to look at the bright light and the smaller one, I saw another smaller white light  coming from the east side of the big bright light moving west towards it.  (It was small like the other light on it's lower right side.)  When it got in a position to where it made all the three lights form a triangle, it stopped.  Maybe 2 minutes after that, (still smoking so it wasn't that long)I heard and saw an airplane fly towards the smaller light that had just recently moved towards the big light.  As the airplane got closer to the light, the bright light in the center, changed shapes, it got oblonged and grew 2 armlike looking things from it (like a stick person without the legs). While it was doing this, the light got really intense.  The airplane went around it.  Then, not more than 1 or 2  minutes later (still smoking the same cigarette), another airplane to the right of me this time came from behind me, and flew towards the triangle and again, when it got close, the big light in the middle got oblonged and the arms came out, and the brightness increased. The airplane flew past it.  I came inside the house but went back out just before the sun came out (about 45 minutes later) to see if it could be seen in the day light.  When the sun came out, I could still see it. (It was that bright!) But it didn't stay long.  It got smaller and smaller and just disappeared, in a matter of seco! nds.  If anyone lives along, or near the I 45 freeway between Beloit and Milwaukee Wisconsin, check it out, it's a neat sight.  Like I said this is the second time that I have seen it, and both times were early in the morning around 4:00-4:30 a.m. before sunset.;42.5649000000002;-89.0843000000003
a row of white lights, red flashing lights, no sound;2006-01-27 19:30:00;3 minutes;a row of white lights, red flashing lights, no sound My daughter said,what is that? I looked and said that it was an airplane. But I thought something was different. It was flying lower than the other planes in the night sky, and it must have been going perfectly straight away from us because it was getting smaller and moving closer to the horizon. But the strange thing about it was that it had a complete row of white lights from wing to wing if it were a plane. The other planes in the sky didn't have that. The object did also have 2 lights blinking from the bottom of the craft. One light was for sure red the other I am not sure if it were red or a different color. There was no noise, but I didn't hear any noise from the other airplanes either. Maybe this was an airplane, but it was lower than the rest and there was no noise, and I don't know if there is an airplane out there that has white lights all across the width of it like that. The row of white lights were about 5 to 7 lights. I tried to count them but I ran in the house to get my Husband and by the time I got back out, It was further away and I couldn't get a good count. My 2 daughters, my husband and I saw this. The object was probably moving at the regular speed of an air plane. I would just like to know if there is an airplane out there that has lights that would look like this from the rear, and if anyone else saw it.;42.5649000000002;-89.0843000000003
