it was a cigar shaped UFO with three lights, two sometimes white or blue and one always red.;2009-03-23 22:00:00;15-25 mins;it was a cigar shaped UFO with three lights, two sometimes white or blue and one always red. Ok so I was out smoking a cigarette with my girl friend and I noticed something in the sky that was moving very oddly. I burst with excitement. I had seen this same exact object or “UFO” if you will, in the sky about a month or so before at night while smoking a cigarette out on my deck. I was the only witness that time. So anyways, I asked my girl friend “do you see that?” and she said “yes I see something in the sky moving fast then slow and in weird directions”. “Yes that’s exactly what I see” I said. I then ran in to my apartment to get my roommates so that they could take a look. They both saw it too and they thought it was odd also. But they didn’t stick around to watch and they went back inside. I stayed a little longer to see if the objects behavior would change. It seemed to get further away. The UFO was in the sky in the direction of Lebanon NH a neighboring town to Canaan. The UFO seamed to stay in the same kind of region of the sky. Ok so the UFO looked like a saucer from the side. It looked like it had a row of sequencing lights along the length of it. It had a red light in the center and two lights on the sides of the red light. Sometimes the two lights on either side of the red light were blue and sometimes they were white. Most of the time they were white but when they were blue it was brilliantly bright like the red one. So at all times the UFO had three lights constantly blinking. When I stood still it seemed to move more and when I moved around a lot it seemed to ….well try and hide from me like it could see me or sense me looking, and it would stop moving and would stand still or even stop blinking and look like a star. It was bizarre. This object was making shapes with its movements such as triangles, half squares, what I mean by half squares I mean shapes like this. It would go back and forth and up and down or in a direction but at an angle. It was doing half circles like this C. I mean seriously I’ve never seen any object in the sky make these movements before. I’ve watched lots of shows about UFOs in my life and they seemed very similar to some of the things I saw. From what I understand humans don’t have the technology to make movements like that. The movements were absolutely acrobatic. It was so unnatural. So that’s my report, hope it can help in your research or do something for you somehow.;43.6614;-72.0309
White elongated pill shaped thing with rounded ends spotted on a beautiful sunny morning.;2014-06-23 11:30:00;1 minute;White elongated pill shaped thing with rounded ends spotted on a beautiful sunny morning The sky was blue with puffy white clouds.  I glanced out the kitchen window and spotted some type of skycraft.  I realized it was not a plane, so I grabbed my binoculars and ran out to the driveway to get a better look. What I observed was shaped like an elongated pill, rounded at both ends, white in color with odd charcoal grey markings on the bottom 1/3 of it.  No wings, no tailfin, no landing gear, no windows, no blinking lights, no numbers, no trail behind it. It tracked in a steady speed in a north-westerly direction, silent. I only got to see it for a short time, during those precious seconds I was observing as much detail as I could. Has anyone seen this? I'd like to know, because I am a little unnerved by it.;43.6614;-72.0309
