Wide band of subdued light, white object and light on fence post.;2020-04-19 01:45:00;10 minutes;Wide band of subdued light, white object and light on fence post. Unusual Light and Object Sighting at Newman Lake Washington  The moon was in the 19% visible Waning Crescent Phase but there was no moonlight for the moon was covered by clouds. It was dark outside.  There were no house lights on in our house or on the outside of our house. It was dark. However, our neighbors all had yard lights and outside house lights on. Our big dog was in the house with me.  The perimeter of our property is all fenced with cattle panel fencing. The one gate adjacent to Starr Rd is padlocked so it cannot be opened without a key. On the south side of our house is a 10 acre flat cleared pasture, with one horse in it.  My big bedroom window is on the south side of the house that looks out into the pasture.  I woke up at 1:43 AM Sunday morning and looked out my bedroom window (of which I do often). I saw a wide band of subdued light.  The band of light was shining west to east, parallel to the house.  The light started on the west side at the small cattle shed and east to about 50 feet into our neighbor’s pasture.  The band width of light on the south side began in the middle of the pasture and stopped about 500 feet from our house.  On the south side of the band of light in the middle of the length of the band was a vertical object.  It looked tall and slender and white like it was lite up.  Our chain link fence that goes around our yard and orchard begins approximately 10 feet west of the bedroom window.  On the corner steel post that faces the pasture was a round bright light on the top of the post on the east side of post.  As with the band of light in the pasture, the light on the post did not move or dim.  I stood still in the window for about 10 minutes, just analyzing what I was seeing. It was not poachers it was not fog or car lights or a spotlight. There was no noise or movement anywhere. I decided to open my bedroom window so I could see the scene better. When you open the window, it makes a loud screeching noise. I opened the window and within seconds, zap, the band of light in the pasture and the light on the fence post were gone. Both lights left at the same time. There was no noise.  It was very dark outside again. I stayed awake Sunday night to see if the light would come back, but it did not. I was the only one to see this strange occurrence.;47.7305;-117.0624
