A glowing yellowish-green sphere fell, shortly after dusk, lasted seven seconds before disappearing, and made no sound.;2009-12-17 17:00:00;7 seconds;A glowing yellowish-green sphere fell, shortly after dusk, lasted seven seconds before disappearing, and made no sound. UFO Dec.17/09  Account 1: (Mother) At approximately dusk (after sun had set) on Thursday, I saw a strange illumination/object in the SW sky in the direction of the Coutlee Plateau but more directly above Collettville. I was parked across from N.H.'s house on 1st Avenue, while my children walked their paper route nearby. I had the car stereo on so didn't hear anything (window closed). I was thinking how the sky was still rather cloudy but had a few clear patches, and I was wondering about how the upcoming weather would be. My eyes were drawn to what I thought might be a falling star but it was greenish-yellow glowing ('emerald green') It did make me think of something burning up after entering atmosphere as it was far higher than a flare might reach. I wondered about meteor showers but thought they'd come in multiples. It lasted maybe 3-5 seconds, long enough for me to form some thoughts and wonder about it 	There was a plane trail quite far to thte left of where this occurred, but unrelated I think (The plane's path was towards the Coquihalla and Vancouver). One bright star was visible to the left of where I was the light show. The falling trajectory was not straight down, but at an angle. Account 2: (Son, 13)  The yellowish-green sphere fell over the music fest area. It glowed yellow and green. It was around 5:00 pm. It was kind of 3-d. There were clouds behind it. It didn't make the clouds glow (no reflection), the clouds which were a medium distance behind it. No foreshortening on the side opposite the direction of movement. Like a falling star, falling across the sky. Nothing was heard, no sounds. Definitely a single light. No airplane trails. Lasted six seconds from the time I looked up to see it. Was looking across the street and I looked up and saw it. I was standing in front of L.B.'s house, walked across the sandy area to the middle of the lawn of the house next door while watching. Not a solid, more a glowing ball of energy. Same size as a toonie. Mother also saw it. Weather was cloudy, not clear.;50.1098;-120.801
