I since seeing the UFO know that Humans are at a devastating disadvantage in the event of war with that technology and its owners..;2007-06-23 23:30:00;12 minutes;I since seeing the UFO know that Humans are at a devastating disadvantage in the event of war with that technology and its owners.. I left work after finishing up on the 2nd shift and stopped to get gas in town.  I remember thinking the weather was pretty clear and comfortable that night.  Probably between 60 to 75 degrees fahrenheit.  I left the gas station and around 1 1/2 miles later I was at a series of sharp curves just prior to entering a wooded area on my road.  As I came around the bend I saw the triangular craft with solid orange orbs at the points and a blinking light in the middle hovering around 50 to 75 ft. over the tops of the trees.  I guess the object was around 100 to 200 ft. long and half as wide.  The appearance of it made me first freeze then my mind began to race.  I stopped my car as soon as possible and was able to prevent myself from being located directly below the object.  Looking up at the underneath of it I was a little afraid and definetly in shock.  What was to happen next as it quickly became clear to me that the technology my eyes were looking at was without a doubt capable of being fatal too me or anything around it.  I also had a slight feeling of lost time.  I was probably sitting in my car with it parked in the middle of the road staring at this craft for about 8 mins., desperately trying to wrap my mind around the dark colored objects underneath on the bottom of it along with the brightness of the orange orbs.  I tried but couldn't recognize any of the ships parts from other mechanical objects i recognize which just continued to startle but later amaze me.  At about the four mins. remaining mark I realized it hovered there and I'd heard entirely no sounds from the ship.  The object was so clearly differently composed from anything I had ever seen before I continued to realize. It wasn't making any noticeable sounds but how?  It should have been impossible for that to be true due to the size of the craft and how close I was located to it I should've heard it.  I then once again tried to recognize any of the objects on the outside underneath of the craft to help me understand how this object cou! ld float there so idly and seemingly effortlessly.  At this point I guess I had been looking at the craft in fear and amazement for about 12 mins. It then moved away and out of my eye sight maneuvering in a z like pattern incredibly fast and was gone without a trace.  I assume it had to be faster than the speed of light.;44.592;-75.4193
