Ball of light enters van twice and dissolves through door and occupants experience missing time.;1989-07-10 23:00:00;15 minutes;Ball of light enters van twice and dissolves through door and occupants experience missing time. My name is ((name deleted)). I am a retired police ((deleted--senior officer)), 4--- years old. I have some info about an experience with a spherical light probe that entered my van some years ago. I am not some nut or some glory hound, I am a level headed person that had an unexplainable experience. I had taken my ex-wife ((wife's name deleted)) with me to a training class held by the Ohio Peace Officer Training Academy (OPOTA) held in London, Ohio. I recall it was a one day session. My certificate for 1989 show 2 dates of one day long training, May 30 & July 10, 1989. I don't know which date this occurred on.I was driving on US Rt. 30 between Mansfield, Ohio and Wooster, Ohio. Actually I was closer to Mansfield. It was at night time, late between 11pm and midnight. My wife asked me the time, I looked at the clock and told her. Immediately there was a blinding flash of light. The bright flash occurred in the sky. The light was a very bright lightning flash. It filled my whole field of vision, filled the whole windshield of my Ford Econoline van.  My wife screamed and I looked at her. This is when I saw it. The it was a white-bluish bright ball of light that appeared to be floating in midair in my van. The ball of light was floating right in front of the abdomen, over the lap of my then wife (-now ex-wife). As she screamed the ball of light became more agitated. It clearly was reacting to her screams. It rapidly moved back and forth as it floated in front of her. It then moved to her right and vanished THROUGH the door panel of the van. It actually went through the door panel. The window was up and there was no sound. Within in a second or two the ball appeared back in the same location in front of her. I didn't see how or from where it appeared. It did exhibit the same properties and behavior as the first light ball, with one exception. I got a long and hard look at the ball. I stared at it and watched it. It appeared to be a ball of whitish-blue light (similar to the light of an arc welder). The ball was about the s! ize of a grapefruit with about 6 smaller light balls circling its equator. This ball of light moved back and forth in sync with ((wife's)) screams. It was then observed to float through the door panel, as before. What is interesting is that from the time this experienced occurred until it ended, I figure 30 seconds had went by. In reality, when I looked at the dash clock 15 - 30 minutes had gone by!! I had never stopped driving the van. I never pulled over to the side of Rt. 30 or stopped. I have no memory of what I was doing during the experience. All I know is that I kept driving but I was looking at, staring at, studying the light balls. How this occurred, I have no idea. ((Wife)) did sketch the lights when we got back to Canton. We had divorced in 1988 but were friendly. So usingou dvorce and my training certificates, I have narrowed the occurance to two dates. I have not seen my ex-wife for  over 10 years and I don't know what she did with the sketch. I am a trained observer, 2- ((twenty +)) yr police ((senior officer)) and I know what occurred. I just can't account for the missing time and how I kept driving.   Thanks for listening ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have corresponded with this witness, and our impression is that he is extremely credible.  We have requested that he attempt to locate his ex-wife and have her submit a report, as well.  Date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.7542120370369;-82.5355211279451
Several UFO's, one bigger one flew right over the car.;2004-10-10 21:00:00;a few hours;Several UFO's, one bigger one flew right over the car. Approx. 9 pm on Sunday night, my friend and I (we're both college students, both in our twenties) happened to notice 4 bright lights perfectly aligned in the sky, brighter than stars and seemingly in some sort of formation. We found it odd and began to drive further out into the country to get a better look. As we drove, the objects began to break formation, one even shot fairly quickly straight up into the sky. This left 2 of the objects, which had begun to blink red, green and white lights, remaining in the formation while the other two headed off in opposite directions. Even more intrigued, we drove out to a country road and parked the car, fascinated by what we were now seeing... the 2 crafts that had taken off were now inexplicably back, as well as a few more... all in all we believe there were at least 8 of these at varying points in every direction of the sky. At this time, they were all blinking, hovering (sometimes flying) and spaced at intervals, yet didn't appear to be much bigger than what an airplane flying by may seem to be.  Also at this time we were still trying to convince ourselves that perhaps these were some sort of strange airplanes or military crafts (though I've never seen an airplane that could shoot straight up into the air, and there's no reason why 8 of these blinking objects would be patrolling the sky)... This continued for approx. one and half hours, at which time one of the objects which was low in the sky began all of a sudden to increase greatly in size, and took the appearance of a large ball of white light (Much bigger than a planet, and definitely in our atmosphere). It began to move quickly directly toward where we were sitting in our car on the side of the road, and as it approached it was very low, about tree line. There wasn't any noise except for a sort of low chugging sound, no emissions from the craft and no seeming way to propel it. It flew directly over our car and I got a good look at the underside of the craft, which I can only describe as a sort of rectangular shape with 3 bright white lights in a row (much like a large traffic light flying over the car, except all 3 lights were white.) Also on one side of the craft was a small blinking red light, and a green one on the other. After this craft flew over us and continued on, the other crafts began to blink sporadically and almost resembled faint strobe lights. *It should be noted,too, that during these few hours all of the crafts were alternating between hovering in the sky and flying around, so that at times some seemed to be dangling from strings in the sky, some seemed stationary, and some had no pattern at all other than to fly back and forth.* Awed by this sight, we decided to go out the next night (last night) as well and look for these objects, and sure enough they were there again. This time, though none of them came down to our level or flew over our car, 3 seperate crafts at about half hour intervals went from being small, blinking things to the large white lights that we first saw the day before. Each time this happened, the object would go from being small and blinking, to large and glaring, and then fade back to blinking and ascend straight up into the sky. All three were in the North-Northeast sky.;40.7542120370369;-82.5355211279451
Many lights of different brightness combine, get brighter and disperse.;2004-10-27 20:00:00;30 Minutes;Many lights of different brightness combine, get brighter and disperse. It was the night of the total lunar eclipse. My best friend and I were out looking at the sky waiting for his wife to come out of her grandmas house. I noticed these two bright lights about 1 mile away above the tree line. The lights were verticaly aligned with on another. The top one was alot brighter than the bottom one. There were also about five or six others hovering around the top one but they weren't all that bright. The top one slowly lowered itself to the bottom one and when it touched it, it got brighter. The top one rose back up to its original spot and the bottom one was gone. Almost like they combined. After the brightest one was in place the other little ones all moved in to combine with the brightest one and it got even brighter. After a couple of seconds we seen a bunch of streaks shoot from the light in all different directions so fast we barely seen it. As soon as that happened the brightest star dimmed back to its original brightness. Then another not so dim light appeared below it like before and the whole thing repeated for about 30 minutes. We then seen alot of airplanes or jets flying in that direction, i'd say 10 or so. Suddenly the light got real bright and then shot in all directions and then we saw what looked like glitter all over the sky in the area. The lights never appeared again. At least not that night. There were 7 of us that seen it by the end and we were all in amazement. This all happened north of Mansfield.;40.7542120370369;-82.5355211279451
My wife an I were leaving our home with our two sons when we were about to pull out of our driveway when we noticed a very big bright l;2020-02-02 19:00:00;>30 minutes;My wife an I were leaving our home with our two sons when we were about to pull out of our driveway when we noticed a very big bright light in the sky across the street from our house. Then we started to notice very small lights appearing out of a cloud up an to the right of the big bright light which seemed to be coming out one after another non stop an moving in a straight line an evenly spaced apart moving quite fast above and past the big bright light that was stationary in the sky. Then the small light were seeming to disappear behind another cloud on the opposite side of the big bright light an were not coming back out the other side of this cloud.  Which they should have been because the cloud was quite small an their were literally at least 30 to an infinite amount of these small lights moving across the night sky just one after another constantly appearing out of this cloud an following the others in this evenly spaced straight line over top of the b! ig bright light an then disappearing again behind the cloud on the opposite side of it. An what was crazy is after we watched for aleast 20 minutes to a half hour an counted anywhere from 30 to 50 small lights moving before we had finally decided to leave for the grocery store we had also noticed 2 or 3 random similar small lights just randomly moving above our car aswell. But the craziest part was when we finally left an got down the road and got close to our destination we saw a city cop car and a sheriff's car parked on the side of the road next to a huge wide open field in which 4 or more police officers were standing outside of there vehicles, two next to the vehicles on the side of the road an 2 or possibly more others were standing in the field off the other side of the road and they were all looking up in the sky towards the same big bright star that we had been looking towards and had saw the small moving lights over before we had left our house just minutes before! . So I'm pretty positive they had seen what we saw aswell an I! 've been waiting to read about it in our local news paper or something today  but haven't seen or heard anything yet but I'll definitely keep checking cause it was the craziest thing I've ever seen...;40.7542120370369;-82.5355211279451
