fireball flying in a straight path across the horizon;2003-10-23 06:30:00;8 seconds;fireball flying in a straight path across the horizon Object was flying low on the horizon, observed coming from the north in the western sky.  It came from behind a hill, moving slowly, then sped up and disappeared from sight.  It was spherical in shape but not symmetrical, at times it appeared to have a diamond shape.  It looked like a golden yellow fireball with a red tail. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know if the sighting was in the evening, or the morning.  PD));35.2618495504498;-120.655285414584
a star that turned 10 times its size, got dim again, and then black, over and over , moving by perfumo canyon;2008-09-19 23:40:00;6 minutes;a star that turned 10 times its size, got dim again, and then black, over and over , moving by perfumo canyon Last evening my friends and I were haning out by the mobile homes recreational pool, outdoors, with our feet in the jacuzzi. I always look around slo's sky because I know and believe because I have seen with my own eyes, unidentified flying objects in this area, and the sky was so clear i could see the stars all the way down to the horizon by the perfumo canyon hills. I was watching the skies and I pointed out the planet jupiter,i might be wrong though,  to my two friends, and they were enjoying the pretty night sky. A star star? suddenly appeared to become very very very bright and then move to the right, and then dim down, and turn black. It dissapeared for approximately a few seconds and then reappeared more to the right, which makes me think, maybe there was a string of lights attatched at somewhere, but who knows. This object didn't have the appearance of anything but a star at times, but then would become 10 times its own size and yellowy bright, and then shrink down to the size of the stars around it, and turn black again. Whenever I have a sighting I make sure whoever is around is watching it with me, I still have a problem believing my own eyes, even after witnessing these things(but not the same shapes and colors)on various accounts..and my friends usually come to me for answers but I don't have an answer for this one. One of my friends mentioned, maybe its government top secret stuff, but why would they throw a huge light on it unless they were trying to make it disinformation...? WHO KNOWS!!!It kept moving every time it turned black, somehow, reappearing and moving north, from the south west.I believe we stood around for maybe a little under ten minutes, but my knees started shaking and my eyes were watering, and I can freak out pretty fast if I'm not expecting a creepy night, so we decided to get some rum and sit inside like normal old folks in this mobile community.-I'd also like to mention, there were many many aircraft(helicopters) in our small airspace, and after a whi! le the s ky became completely covered in dark high up fog!?what for?;35.2618495504498;-120.655285414584
