triangle shape ufo N salem;2002-01-17 22:00:00;5-10 min;triangle shape ufo N salem I was driving with two friends of mine in the country roads north of Salem. The road came to a straight a way and in the distance I saw what appeared to be headlights coming over the hill. Then it got closer, raised itself above the hills, and looked like two sets of bright headlights on top of each other. It was right in our path getting ready to cross over my car. I saw a triangle shaped object with the 4 bright headlights and a red blinking light underneath it.We panicked because we didnt want to be right under it, so I veered off the road onto a dirt road out of its path. It started to turn towards us, and by that time my friends were watching it and I was trying to drive as fast away from it as possible. Unfortunately I drove down a dead end. So i stopped and turned the car around. When I did, the object was accross a huge field about 6-7 football stadiums away. All within a few seconds.  I decided to report this after I saw more people in the same area saw the same thing within a few days. It was strange, but I dont believe we had any missing time or anything. It was all within a few mins.;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
Three witness low hovering craft over farm field...joint NUFORC and OUFOR investigation.;2002-03-29 19:20:00;5 minutes;Three witness low hovering craft over farm field...joint NUFORC and OUFOR investigation. By 7:20pm the sun had almost vanished and there was only a hint of light on a partly cloudy evening. Two males and one female were traveling north on Cordon Road just on the East side of Salem where the city ends and farm land begins. They first noticed what appeared to be two bright car headlights just above some trees ahead about a quarter mile and above the tree line on the left of the road. As they began to approach the intersection of Cordon and Sunnyview, the view to the left and above became quite clear as the trees on their left gave way to the scene ahead of them...a craft slightly larger than the house it hovered above between 50 to 100 feet quietly sat as they and a few other drivers on the road passed in both directions. The house this craft was situated over was sitting by itself in an open farm field. At this point in the sighting, as they drove below and to the right of it, they report seeing what was described as a craft in the shape of a triangle, only the front end of the craft was not pointed, but instead having a straight edge. At the corners were two bright white lights which were bright enough to illuminate the crop in the field below in front of the home. As they came along side the craft, they stretched their necks to look up and out the car window. The middle section on each side began to rapidly flash red lights in a strobe like manner. They also report a dome like structure centered in the middle of the craft. One of the witnesses recalled wondering how the craft would land as the dome underneath would make the craft wobble upon landing. Passing the craft, they report seeing two bright white lights on the back corners as well. The witnesses continued down Cordon road a short distance and turned left on Walker road while viewing the back of the craft. They then turned again left as Walker road curves left in an attempt to come up on the other side of the craft. It was at this point that the craft departed the area at a high rate of speed. It was noted that there was no sign of slow to fast acceleration, that the craft simply took off from a point of motionless hover to speeding away at the blink of an eye. Several other motorists appeared to have seen this craft as well, according to the witnesses, but none have come forward as yet. The Salem Police Department was notified by the witnesses as they didn't know who else to contact. The Police put the witnesses in contact with Peter Davenport of the National UFO Reporting Center in Seattle, who in turn contacted Oregon UFO Research Director Skip Schultz. The next day, Saturday the 30th at 11am, Director Schultz and Assistant Director Eric Byler met with the two male witnesses at the intersection of Cordon and Sunnyview and were told of what had happened. Schultz and Byler were also given drawings of the craft in question. Both investigators were in agreement that both witnesses were sincere with their story and were of a very credible nature. A better idea of the altitude of the craft was given at that time and it was decided the craft was around 75 feet above the field rather than 100 feet. The female witness was working that morning and later sent a report to the Review via e-mail. Byler returned later that day and spoke with the home owners that lined the opposite side of the field in question in hopes of finding other witnesses. While no other witnesses were found in these homes, it was discovered that while some of the neighbors had not been home during the sighting, the rest conveyed that they were either in watching TV or eating dinner. None of them reported being either outside or in a position to see the silent hovering craft above their homes. If anyone was driving either North or South on Cordon road near Sunnyview at 7:20pm on Friday the 29th of March, 2002 and witnessed this event, please contact either Peter Davenport of the National UFO Reporting Center in Seattle at 206-722-3000, the Oregon UFO Research Hotline at 503-463-1467, or the Salem Police Department. OUFOR would like to thank the Salem Police Department as well as Peter Davenport of the National UFO Reporting Center in Seattle for passing on this sighting to us for investigation and for his continued cooperation in helping get to the bottom of UFO sightings Nationwide. You can hear Peter speak of other cases as he appears monthly on the Jeff Rense radio show. This particular case appeared on the April 9th, 2002 show with two of the main witnesses, Eric Byler of OUFOR and Peter. To hear the witness testimony,go to http://events.yahoo.com/shows/endoftheline/02archives.html  and click on the April 9th, 2002 show. ((NUFORC Note:  Our gratitude to Eric Byler and Skip Schultz, of the Oregon UFO Review, for following up on this report.  Contact information for them appears above.  PD));44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
A triangle shape of 3 rapidly flashing blue-white lights moving slowly over downtown Salem, OR;2007-01-27 18:50:00;10 minutes;A triangle shape of 3 rapidly flashing blue-white lights moving slowly over downtown Salem, OR I was driving on Mission Street heading west in downtown Salem with my 2 ½ year old son.  I heard a low humming sound and looked up to see a triangle of bright white-blue rapidly flashing lights.   The craft didn’t appear to be much bigger than a prop plane. The craft was flying slowly (25 mph) due west at a low elevation.  The lights were moving in a clockwise rotation.   I called my husband at home (we live 1 mile south of downtown).  He went outside saw it as well, moving towards the West Salem hills.   I drove home and we watched it until it made a turn north and moved slowly out of sight.   I called the Salem Municipal Airport and the woman there said there were no aircraft over Salem at that time.;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
Triangular craft hovered over Wallace Road then took off towards other side of Salem;2009-11-04 18:30:00;2 Min.;Triangular craft hovered over Wallace Road then took off towards other side of Salem While driving in West Salem around 6:30 at night we spotted some bright lights that were less than a mile in front of us.  As we got closer we noticed it looked like it was flying pretty low, sort of hovering over a section of trees for a few seconds.  We drove past it with it on the passenger side of the car and it started to fly away towards the downtown area, almost like it noticed that we saw it.  It looked like a solid triangle with three steady white lights on the bottom, one on each corner positioned to shine down. It also had red and white lights on the top that were blinking at different times and creating a glow around the top.  It didn’t seem like it was very big, maybe twenty feet wide at the most.  We tried to turn around and follow it but it was gone pretty quickly.;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
Large slow moving objects high in the sky above salem oregon;2011-01-10 07:00:00;still in sky;large slow moving objects high in the sky above salem oregon As i came out of my garage at 7:00pm tonight i looked up to see a faint large object slowly moving in sky the distance above me so i grabbed my binoculars and saw a very large outline of a boomerang shape craft slowly moving thru the sky then i noticed another craft ahead of it but it wasnt the same shape it had a very different shape to it one that i cannot describe but it was some kind of craft with the same kind of dim lights that gave the crafts their outline shapes. Ive been watching the sky at night for 2yrs now and whats up there is a whole bunch of different objects 1 that mask its self like a star but it moves from time to time and isn't high enough to be a star and ive seen other objects come out of it the others objects are hard to explain but some have bright multi colored lights that twinkle all the time red green white and they are positioned across from each other in various formations and patterns.Dont have any answers because the ones that d! o know aint telling us pawns.;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
Low flying star-like object transforms into shining golden triangle in Salem, OR.;2013-10-04 21:50:00;15 minutes;Low flying star-like object transforms into shining golden triangle in Salem, OR It was around 9:50pm (21:50) on Friday October 4, 2013 that my husband and I decided to go outside and observe the stars.  It was a clear, cloudless, starry night perfect for observing the night sky.   We went out front to the driveway which is facing south, and began looking at the stars when my husband noticed a small bluish-white star-like light moving slowly and noiselessly SE.  He alerted me to it and my mind automatically thought “it’s a plane,” but also that it was strange that it was flying so low, close to the dark outline of treetops behind the neighbor’s field.   It moved behind a tall tree and we couldn’t see it anymore, so we moved a small distance west up the street to try and see it but still was not able, so we walked east back down the street.  It slowly came out to a clearing to the west of the tall tree making short, jumpy movements, like stop, go, stop, go, heading towards another outline of clustered trees.   It, still moving west, went behind those trees where we could not see, so again, we moved west trying to follow and a few seconds later, it flashed a bluish-white light through the trees at us and started moving back eastward past the trees and over the clearing (by this time we were running back east to follow it) toward the tall tree again, still making short, jumpy movements.   It went behind the tall tree again (we are now facing the tall tree) and that’s when I saw it flash its bluish-white light even brighter (almost flashlight-like) right through the tree at us!  It moved east of the tree slowly, staying really low to the treetops of the line of trees next to it.  It stopped suddenly and hovered for a few seconds right over the treetops.  Then, all of a sudden I see it drop straight downward below the treetops where I could not see.  It disappeared for what seemed like a few minuets but every once in a while, I could see the bluish-white light peeking up around and through the treetops almost as if it was trying to play “peek-a-boo” with my husband and I, moving left a! nd right , up to the treetops and back down again, in a slow fashion.  As it was doing this, I also noticed a small red light on the object’s left/east side that would sporadically blink, not in any fashion similar to our commercial aircraft.  It then rose straight up over the treetops and began to change shape and colors changing from its original bluish-white light to blue to red and back to bluish-white light, its little left/east side red light flashing, it moved up, down, east, west in such unpredictable movements, going back westward toward the tall tree.  It went behind the tall tree still changing color and shape and came out to the west of it into the clearing, and right next to the west of the tree made a diamond-like shape pattern going east, down, west, up, and back to its eastern starting point slowly turning into a big yellow-golden glowing triangular shaped star-like light object that slowly moved into the middle of the clearing growing bigger and brighter, hovering there right in front of us.  While hovering, we got to better observe the object.  Overall, it had a yellow-gold light.  The shape of the object was triangular (point up) with a glowing golden light in the center.  There were three golden triangular shaped lights shining from the two sides and bottom of the object.  On the left/east side of the object, right underneath the glowing light, was the erratically flashing red light I saw from earlier. But its shape and size changed also.  This time I saw that it had a big red light and right underneath that light was a smaller red light.  Hovering there in the clearing, it glowed big and bright and constantly flashed its red lights at us.  We were directly in front of it.   After hovering in the clearing for what seemed like minutes upon minuets, the object slightly turned facing its red lights right at us, and started moving westward again at a leisurely pace toward a large tree that it disappeared behind.   My husband and I ran westward back up! the street to see if we could see it again, but it was gone.  It was 1 0:05pm (22:05) when the object left, making the duration of our experience around 15 minuets total. The whole time my husband and I were exclaiming things like “Whoa!?!”, “What?!?”, “Wow!?!”, “Oh my gosh!?!” when it was star-like and making unpredictable movements and changing colors and speeds.   After it changed its shape and color to a triangular golden light object we still were exclaiming as described above, but then I heard my husband say (almost in a trance-like but still fully aware state) “It’s so beautiful!” to which I responded in a similar fashion “It’s angelic”.  But when I heard my husband say that and after I responded to him, a feeling of emptiness and despair came over me.  I felt like the object was something malicious trying to trick our minds.  My husband seemed to experience a bodily reaction at the time of the sighting.  He started shaking and breathing heavily and exclaiming.  I was in such bewilderment and shock at what I was seeing (trying to keep myself together), but it was most definitely like NOTHING I have EVER seen in the sky before and it was UNMISTAKABLY, UNDOUBTEDLY, something that is not of this world. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and we found her to be unusuall eloquent, sincere, and sober-minded.  She probably is an excellent witness, we suspect.  PD));44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
Brilliant star-like object hovers above trees and shines bright lights before changing into golden triangle.;2013-10-04 21:50:00;15 minutes;Brilliant star-like object hovers above trees and shines bright lights before changing into golden triangle. On the night of October 4, 2013 around 9:50pm, my wife and I decided to go look at the stars. We were in front of my parents house in Salem, Oregon facing south.  The sky was very clear that night and, after a minute or two I spotted something that at first I thought might have been a far off plane.  It came out from behind a group of trees that was SW of us flying at a very low altitude (the object was parallel with the tops of the trees), and heading East at a very slow pace.  I was confused because it was low flying, slow and noiseless, so I alerted my wife to it and she immediately noticed it also.  We were observing what appeared to be a small bluish-white light with the occasional blink of red light that seemed to be too off tempo to be a planes.  After a minute or so, it finally went behind a larger tree that is taller than the others around it.  Interestingly, I noticed that before it reached the tree it changed direction  going slightly up.  Then, as it wa! s behind the tree, it changed course completely and was now going West with jumpy, erratic movements.  Almost like it was caught on a fishing line and was getting reeled in, at first fast then slow, then almost motionless all the while with an occasional blink of red. This startled me and I exclaimed out loud to my wife and myself.  Ending up behind the same group of trees that I originally first saw it fly out of, it then changed course again coming back out of the trees going east.  At that moment, it was Very bright and shone through the trees whitish light.  Coming into the clearing, it was clearly visible with a star-like shining white-blue light that was glinting off of a dark shape.  The light was brightest on the right side and on the left is where the red blinking light was located.  Finally, with the same unpredictable skip-like movements, it flew behind the tall tree and at that time shone a very bright white light right through the tree at us that illuminated the area.  This made us booth exclaim aloud and as we watched it, it smoothly came out of the other side of the tree, hovering east parallel to the smaller treetops.   It slowly moved east then seemed to stop and descend behind the trees where we lost sight of it for a minute. We knew it was there and shortly later we caught sight of it moving just below the tree tops, kind of going up and down. It was like it was playing hide and seek with us and it made awkward movements right above the trees, going side to side and up and down. Ascending slowly into the sky, it made all sorts of movements, going in all directions. At this time it was clearly visible and I tried desperately to make out what it looked like. It was like a blue-white arrowhead shaped light that was very radiant and star-like. The light it produce seemed to be bouncing off of its own shape on all sides, especially on the right which was clearly arch-like, and the bottom. Now it started slowly moving west, growing in brightness and gaining a clearly defined central triangular light. Going b! ehind the tall tree, it moved in an unexplainable pattern and then slowed dramatically. At this point, I was very shaken up and when I saw it moving around I was like a frightened animal shaking in fear. It was just beyond the tall tree and what amazed me is that it changed from the white light I was seeing to an incredible golden radiance. It stood almost motionless and seemed to be growing much more radiant than before. The shape looked exactly like an angel. Continually moving west, it seemed to turn slightly and stop. That is when we saw something extraordinary. It now had a translucent golden arrow-head shape encompassing the central light and two constant red lights on its left side, one atop the other. The central light was brilliant golden with the same arrowhead shape and light coming from all sides. Then moving west at a quicker pace, I noticed that the central light could have been three lights grouping together in a triad formation right before it disappeared be! hind a large group of trees and we lost sight of it for good. 	I watched this object the entire time it was in view, never taking my eyes from it. In the beginning of the encounter, I had thought that my eyes were playing tricks on me but as I continued to watch, I knew my eyes were fine and I was witnessing something incredible. I was amazed and astounded at what I had seen and exclaimed a lot during the event. Its magnificent star-like radiance left me awestruck. By the time it was leaving, it was large, bright and obvious in the sky, and the golden triangle that surrounded it was very clearly defined. The way this object moved is absolutely unexplainable and confirmed to me that it was definitely not one of our typical aircraft. The event lasted about 15 minutes.;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
We saw 3 lights in the sky!!!;2013-12-21 06:00:00;10 seconds;We saw 3 lights in the sky!!! I was going on a walk with my friend. out of the corner of my eye i saw three hovering lights in the nights sky.  They were  in a triangular formation and slowly glided together. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
True story of alien army seen!!!!!;2014-06-06 01:18:00;15 minutes;True story of alien army seen!!!!! The first one we saw was glowing bluish green and it started moving straight and wobbling in an S pattern.   Shortly after I went to the store me and my boyfriend were joking about seeing something.   As we got home he started running inside and so did I joking around and as he looked back he said baby look what's that?!  And that's when we both turned and saw three glowing orange craft objects.  That's when we actually flew inside, falling over each other trying to get into the door.  My boyfriend and I were beyond  frantic and we had to get my mom to see what was outside....  As we went outside we noticed there was nothing in the sky anymore.  Within a few minutes, from the horizon came one of the orange crafts this was one of eight.   The first four went into what looked like a spade formation then while In this formation one craft was glowing brighter than the rest and slowly dimmed in place and disappeared very quickly then from there more crafts appeared from the horizon then dissapeared even quicker.;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
The power just went out for about 1min. Then came back on. I went out side to investigate and instantly noticed a flashing in the sky.;2018-08-25 21:35:00;1 hour;The power just went out for about 1min.  Then came back on.  I went out side to investigate and instantly noticed a flashing in the sky.  It was a couple flashes then spread out to 3 flashing lights into a triangle.  Then flashed a couple times then spun in a full circle.  Then they came to a small faint triangle flashing then repeated that pattern over and over.  A few times when it spun in a circle it went in opposite direction and had 5 lights.  The event happened in the NW direction.;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
Accidently came across this google earth object.  It is black and white about 100 feet off of ground.  Balloon???  I don't know.;2021-02-13 12:00:00;Google Earth;Accidently came across this google earth object.  It is black and white about 100 feet off of ground.  Balloon???  I don't know.  https://earth.app.goo.gl/?apn=com.google.earth&isi=293622097&ius=googleearth&link=https%3a%2f%2fearth.google.com%2fweb%2f%4045.02273802,-122.98263049,61.99472579a,46.51488948d,35y,-12.35797867h,49.87722246t,-0r;44.9404510516251;-123.019728489483
