Object moving unlike any man made object we know of.;2018-07-20 23:00:00;2 hours;Object moving unlike any man made object we know of. 	My husband and I first noticed that what we were looking at was not a star or a planet when we took the time to stand still and we realized that what we were seeing was moving around.  The object was hovering over the Lake George area of Pierson, Florida.   We got out the binoculars and filmed videos of the object moving in directions that all normal aircraft we know of do not move like.  This looked like a star at first, but the object got brighter and  dimmer as though it was blinking or pulsating.  It also would move up slowly and down slowly and home still and it would dark to the left and the right in directions that you would not see a plane or a star move.  We did take photos and pay attention to the height of the object which was just above the tree lines and about a thousand yards away.  We continue to observe any object for about 3 hours.  Maybe between 2 and 3 hours.   And the next night, we saw the object again in the same vicinity and doing the same exact things.  The next week and a half went by and we would see the object and just not even pay attention to it because we still haven’t been able to figure out what it is.  We do know that it is still here, and our first sighting was 07/20/18, and as of last night, we still saw it, and videotaped and looked at it through binoculars.   Last night’s date was 08/04/2018.  Last night, the object was in the same vicinity but southeast of where it was the first times that we saw it.  We know it is similar if not the same object, and this time we got a closer look.  This time there was a red light beam protruding from the bottom of the object and the beam wood appear and disappear just as the brightness of the object would increase and decrease.  We got better photos of it last night, and will continue to observe the object because it is definitely here on a regular basis.   We discussed our location because where we live there is nothing really as far as much civilization, the majority of what is here is cow fields and Farms, and a very lowly populated Township.  The object would be in the same exact vicinity where some small aircraft would fly directly past it also.  The object would stop hovering and hold very still and make the lights very dim making the object appear as though it was a star during the periods of time that airplanes got near it.  At one point the object divided into two objects while the one on the right State still in the one on the left moved around and then the two objects joined back together as one object.  Sometimes it seemed like a white dot, and sometimes it would be closer and look more red, and sometimes you could distinctly see the white on top and the red light being on the bottom.  We discussed that maybe it was a satellite and it just appeared to be closer than it really was but that could not be because satellites do not move around in quick motions in 360 degree directions, and the satellite are actually out in orbit and this was much closer.  After doing some research online I also considered that maybe this was a drone that we were looking at, but drones also would make some sort of noise if it was that large that it was visible to the eye at that distance.  Also I don’t know if drugs that can move that quickly and have a red light beam underneath them.   This is definitely something that I would like a professional to look into to find out exactly what this object is.  If it is from mankind then that time, but I don’t know if anything that mankind has made that moves like that or acts like that, so if someone would like we can submit video or even to prove that this is not a hoax, I’d be glad to pull up video live on Google hangouts to prove that this is not something that’s computer generated.  I am NOT trying to submit personal information including address or name or telephone number whatsoever, and I want to ensure that I’m reporting this to the right agency.;29.2221;-81.4351
