White lights to form a triangular shape with two red lights in the center floating low over a city block.;2006-07-12 23:00:00;1 minute;White lights to form a triangular shape with two red lights in the center floating low over a city block. We were driving over the bridge back to Aberdeen when I saw these lights, at first I thought it was lights to the hospital on the hill (thats how low it was) but then I realized it was too close to be the lights from the hospital. I told the person driving to look out the window and he said it was an air plane because it had two small flashing lights and 3 big white lights in a trangular shape totaling about 50 feet wide. We slowed down on top of the bridge and it was 200 yards away from us just sitting above the block below the bridge it was so low, we rolled down the window to hear noise to see if it was a helicopter or an airplane and it was silent outside. If it was a helicopter or an airplane we would have heard a noise because helicopters fly over my house all the time to get to the hospital. Once we got off the bridge we took the first left to turn around the block to get a better look at it... but in seconds it started to move and get lower but it was gliding through the air away from us. we were trying to catch up to it but it was so far away, we thought it was going to crash into the local grocery store it was so low. Once it started moving it turned off the white lights and had left on the two red lights...but the red lights weren't flashing like an airplanes. There is a local airport over that way, but after it glided over the grocery store it just disappeared into thin air it was gone, it was like it crashed into the bay or something like that. The event probably lasted no longer then 45 seconds but we dont know how long the object had been floating over that city block. It was just so weird how it disappeared, we went out to the airport and no plane had recently landed either. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));46.9823;-123.8801
At one point I could see underneath the object clearly and it appeared to be very large, gray or silver with a completely flat bottom a;2009-02-02 19:12:00;20 minutes;I was driving west and as I approached the river I saw a cluster of lights (red and white, flashing) directly above the east bound bridge on the other side of the small river. My first thought was that there must have been lights attached to antennas above the new bridge station because it was very low and hovering above the bridge. (At this time I could see no solid shape, only the lights.)  As my road turned, I could see that this was now slowly moving closer (northeasterly) and was in fact a narrow triangular shaped object.  At one point I could see underneath the object clearly and it appeared to be very large, gray or silver with a completely flat bottom and had a series of two lights at each point of the triangle, flashing red, white and now I could see blue as well.  It also seemed to be very quiet as I am used to planes and helicopters in our area, but this did not make the noise like they do at this low of an altitude. (This object was only between 7-10 stories up and I could not hear any sound from it.) I was not in an area to pull over and my destination was less than a mile away. I could still see it slowly moving east-northeast above the hills. Upon reaching my destination I could still see the flashing lights very small in the distance directly eastward, but no longer moving. At this time I told another of what I saw and we watched for another few minutes with binoculars as this flashing never moved. The lights were still flashing over the hill when I left at 7:35 PM. I have been completely shocked that there has not been any talk about this in our local media. I simply cannot believe others did not see this too as I was not the only one on that road and there are many homes in the area.;46.9823;-123.8801
