What appears to be a star, later a ball of light flew under it.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus, or Sirius??  PD));2004-04-18 23:30:00;Hours;What appears to be a star, later a ball of light flew under it. I have seen numerous, red/white/green/yellow blinking, non-moving points of light for at least two years now, but I never gave them much thought, always passing them off as stars or planets. The following sighting begins with one such occurance.  I work third shift, and when time allows I take a break and go to another building where I work to speak with a friend there. We usually talk outside while I smoke. On 4/18/04 I pointed out one of the above mentioned points of light to my coworker and we spent some time talking about it and what it could be, my coworker noted that it seemed to be pulsing (growing brighter and then darker) The object appeared to be just above the tree line (in what direction I do not know, I never was good at that sort of thing) but it was clearly in space, like any other star. I went back to my building passing it off once again as a planet or a bright star.  Around four hours later I returned to my coworkers building for another break. To our suprise, while the rest of the night sky moved on as it does, the star was in the same place, as we talked we kept gazing at it, and both of us made note that it had move higher in a matter of seconds. My interest was peeked at this point, I continued to watch the star I also noted that it seemed to get brighter and dimmer with more frequency and intensity. The only movement it made was the moment it seemed to move upwards.  As I watched the star directly under it and what seemed at the time just across the way a bright light flew directly under our star It was very bright and left a trail, I had a good 45 second view of it and it seemed to be round, and it left a slight, trail as it went, the trail was very close to the object. It passed out of my field of vision behind another building on the complex. Unfortunatly my coworker did not see the sphere of light. The sphere was certainly close, just behind the trees, it seemed to only be as high as a second story building. It was not a plane, there was no sound, no flashing lights, just a sphere of bright light.  The next evening there was no sign of either the star or the sphere of light. Interestingly enough, the coworker mentioned to me the nxt evening on the phone that friends had called and talked about seeing a strange pulsing red star that did not move with the rest of the night sky. I am not sure if they are connected. Both happened in Maine, about 100 miles from each other.  If anyone from Maine is reading this, it would be nice to know if anyone else either saw this, or has noticed the strange flashing stars that change color. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus, or Sirius??  Just a guess.  PD));44.4359;-69.0144
Headed W on Rte 3 when I noticed an extremely bright light traveling-hovering ahead of my car.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus?  PD));2017-01-25 16:45:00;3 minutes;I was traveling in a car headed West on route 3, when I noticed an extremely bright light traveling-hovering ahead of my car, to the left that disappeared for 10 seconds reappeared for a couple minutes longer and then vanished.  It was a white, bright light that flashed with varying intensity. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.4359;-69.0144
Lights in a row.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-08-14 04:30:00;2 minutes;Lights in a row At 4:30 I let my dog outside and looked up at the moon and stars.  I noticed one moving and though satellite then saw another on the same trajectory and thought, that's strange.  Then another and another and another until 12 or 15 of them went overhead all on the same course northwest to southeast.;44.4359;-69.0144
