Hi Peter I want to report an interesting event.  Last night at 6:04 to 6:05 PM, my husband was laying on our couch after dinner he was;1999-11-16 18:04:00;30 seconds;Hi Peter I want to report an interesting event.  Last night at 6:04 to 6:05 PM, my husband was laying on our couch after dinner he was looking out our east facing window he started yelling, Look, look, the biggest meteor I've ever seen is outside, Hurry! Hurry! Everyone ran to the front yard where we all (8 people) saw a large light almost as large as my outstretched fist, It was yellow but quickly turned the most brilliant neon green, it had a massive vapor trail behind it.  It was traveling Northeast.  Based on how long it took my husband to call us out and adding the time we watched it it probably glowed for 30 seconds.  As it left our line of sight it seemed to be breaking up small yellow colored sparks seemed to be lagging behind and then fading in brightness until I could no longer see them. Now, we live in Paddock Lake, Wisconsin.  If you check a map that is at the bottom of Wisconsin nearly in Illinois and about 15 miles straight west of Lake Michigan, outside of Kenosha.  I called a friend in Missouri to talk to them about it and the man there had seen the event also a glowing orange turning to yellow headed Northeast and he had enough time to stop his car and point it out to his kids.  He stopped his car thinking it might be something about to crash into the ground and he wanted to get a bearing on where it was headed.  He lives in Cabool, Missouri which is in the middle of nowhere. It couldn't have taken this object more than a minute to travel 650 miles.  He knows it was about 6PM when he sighted it and they may even make a report today themselves.  That's all I know.  I have seen LOTS of meteors but honestly none have looked like this. It reminded me of a green glowing fireball video I saw of an object that swept across the western U.S. not so long ago...do you remember that one shot on video and it wasn't completely dark yet?  That's what this looked like whatever it was. Thanks Peter Donna Minkley Hi Peter I want to report an interesting event.  Last night at 6:04 to 6:05 PM, my husband was laying on our couch after dinner he was looking out our east facing window he started yelling, Look, look, the biggest meteor I've ever seen is outside, Hurry! Hurry! Everyone ran to the front yard where we all (8 people) saw a large light almost as large as my outstretched fist, It was yellow but quickly turned the most brilliant neon green, it had a massive vapor trail behind it.  It was traveling Northeast.  Based on how long it took my husband to call us out and adding the time we watched it it probably glowed for 30 seconds.  As it left our line of sight it seemed to be breaking up small yellow colored sparks seemed to be lagging behind and then fading in brightness until I could no longer see them. Now, we live in Paddock Lake, Wisconsin.  If you check a map that is at the bottom of Wisconsin nearly in Illinois and about 15 miles straight west of Lake Michigan, outside of Kenosha.  I called a friend in Missouri to talk to them about it and the man there had seen the event also a glowing orange turning to yellow headed Northeast and he had enough time to stop his car and point it out to his kids.  He stopped his car thinking it might be something about to crash into the ground and he wanted to get a bearing on where it was headed.  He lives in Cabool, Missouri which is in the middle of nowhere. It couldn't have taken this object more than a minute to travel 650 miles.  He knows it was about 6PM when he sighted it and they may even make a report today themselves.  That's all I know.  I have seen LOTS of meteors but honestly none have looked like this. It reminded me of a green glowing fireball video I saw of an object that swept across the western U.S. not so long ago...do you remember that one shot on video and it wasn't completely dark yet?  That's what this looked like whatever it was. Thanks Peter ((name deleted)) ireball going northeast Hi Peter I want to report an interesting event.  Last night at 6:04 to 6:05 PM, my husband was laying on our couch after dinner he was looking out our east facing window he started yelling, Look, look, the biggest meteor I've ever seen is outside, Hurry! Hurry! Everyone ran to the front yard where we all (8 people) saw a large light almost as large as my outstretched fist, It was yellow but quickly turned the most brilliant neon green, it had a massive vapor trail behind it.  It was traveling Northeast.  Based on how long it took my husband to call us out and adding the time we watched it it probably glowed for 30 seconds.  As it left our line of sight it seemed to be breaking up small yellow colored sparks seemed to be lagging behind and then fading in brightness until I could no longer see them. Now, we live in Paddock Lake, Wisconsin.  If you check a map that is at the bottom of Wisconsin nearly in Illinois and about 15 miles straight west of Lake Michigan, outside of Kenosha.  I called a friend in Missouri to talk to them about it and the man there had seen the event also a glowing orange turning to yellow headed Northeast and he had enough time to stop his car and point it out to his kids.  He stopped his car thinking it might be something about to crash into the ground and he wanted to get a bearing on where it was headed.  He lives in Cabool, Missouri which is in the middle of nowhere. It couldn't have taken this object more than a minute to travel 650 miles.  He knows it was about 6PM when he sighted it and they may even make a report today themselves.  That's all I know.  I have seen LOTS of meteors but honestly none have looked like this. It reminded me of a green glowing fireball video I saw of an object that swept across the western U.S. not so long ago...do you remember that one shot on video and it wasn't completely dark yet?  That's what this looked like whatever it was. Thanks Peter ((name deleted));42.5703;-88.1341000000002
Green fireball in western Wisconsin sky;2007-05-01 21:50:00;5 seconds;Green fireball in western Wisconsin sky. This evening we observed a green fireball in the western Wisconsin sky.  It moved from the south to the north and seemed to burn out behind the tree branches. The sky was slightly overcast and the fireball glowed brightly from behind the thin veil of clouds. This is the second green fireball we have reported from our home in the past 10 years.;42.5703;-88.1341000000002
