bright stationary white light, dimmed to nothing and began blinking red sparaticly, turned right and decended;2010-11-01 00:00:00;5 minutes;bright stationary white light, dimmed to nothing and began blinking red sparaticly, turned right and decended I was driving down the stretch of 245, connecting Gorham ny and Rushville ny.  As i was driving approximately 70mph i noticed a bright light on my right hand side that appeared to be staying relatively the same distance from my car as i approached Rushville. It appeared to move around the sky as if following my car. The light stayed in view the entire time. App on entering Rushville i went right, up Baldwin hill rd. passing Marcus Whitman high school. at this point i thought it was the water tower light. However as i neared a stop sign i was facing the light and could see several other lights much smaller moving from left to right passing the light on there decent, they appeared to have a reddish blinking lights. I saw two distinct lights travel parallel to each other towards Canandaguia. passing the white light as the descended left to right, Very dim and with no distinct pattern of blinks.  As i watched The brilliant light it appeared motionless and stationa! ry in the sky i wanted to say it was a star but it was much to bright and large to be a star, especially scene all the stars around were a great deal smaller and duller. As i sat with my car engine off at the stop sign and my head lights on after several minutes of nothing but a stationary white light i witnessed the light slowly flicker out to nothing and be replace with the exact same red blinking light as seen before. It then made a 90 degree angle decent to my right. I exited my vehicle and listened. At first there was nothing then you could hear the silence replaced with the sound i can only describe as how a jet sounds flying over. Only it did not appear to blink in any pattern and the sound came only after the light had dimmed and turned to a moving red blinking object. I followed the craft towards canandaguia keeping it on my left hand side as i drove. i could distinctly see it out my drivers window. The light followed the same decent the two earlier lights that had! flown parallel to each other did. This entire event happened ! within a span of 7-10 minutes from when i saw the first brilliant light while driving out of Gorham, stopped and began following it again until the lights and objects were gone. I'm not lieing and i wish i had a video camera. this event scared the hell out of me and made me very uneasy. the light was brighter then any air craft Ive ever seen and i can only describe it to the intensity of the full moon on a clear night. I can not write it off as merely a plane or helicopter because the blinks were not in a pattern and the object was not following a strait line, it was stationary then moved rapidly almost as if it just turned and took off. Plains do not do the things i saw this light do. and before it moved there wasn't a sound at all. I've seen many strange lights and shooting stars but this was my first experience of this kind.;42.7628;-77.2365
