Diamond-shaped UFO seen near Northampton, Massachusetts;2011-11-22 00:00:00;4 minutes;Diamond-shaped UFO seen near Northampton, Massachusetts My 20-year-old daughter was driving back to Northampton after dropping a friend off at the Hartford Airport.  It was already dark and shortly after 5:00 pm.  She was on the freeway very close to the Smith College exit into Northampton, MA when she saw flashing lights out of the corner of her eye.  She looked through her windshield to the right and saw a diamond-shaped object that appeared to be either very close--about 200 yards away and only 500 or so feet up--or very large.  This was a discreet object.  Each point of the diamond-shaped object had a red light.  These red lights flashed rhythmically and in unison. Every now and again, a white, translucent light would scatter flash across and around the body of the craft.  She says that the craft appeared to be metallic, that she could clearly see its shape, and that it was stationary.  She tried to take a picture of it with her cell phone, but was so rattled that her hand blocked the shot (she continued to! drive down the freeway during her sighting).  She glanced down to place her cell phone on the passenger seat and when she looked back up (after only a couple of seconds), the craft was gone.  She pulled over to the side of the highway and got out of her car to search the sky because she couldn't fathom how the object could simply disappear the way it did. She said that the experience was freaky, but not frightening.  She said that she immediately felt that what she was seeing was not normal, and she said that she felt as if she was being observed during her sighting.  She also thinks it's significant that the object disappeared immediately after she tried to take a picture of it.   When she got back to Smith College, she talked about her sighting to several of her friends, one of whom volunteered that this past summer, she had also had a sighting of a diamond-shaped UFO just sitting over a Burger King in Amherst.  This area of Massachusetts is known as Pioneer Valley.;42.3245;-72.6288434782608
