I saw a strange object with unusual lights that emitted no sound and was faster than any aircraft known to us.;2004-10-30 21:19:00;3 minutes;I saw a strange object with unusual lights that emitted no sound and was faster than any aircraft known to us. I lived out in the rural part of a small town called Orient, Ohio.  My family and I lived on 9 acres of land with paths running through the back yard. It’s been so long ago, I can’t remember the exact date and year.  I never mentioned the sighting to anyone because at the time I didn’t know who  I could possibly report the incident to, and my family never would have taken the incident seriously.  If I had to guess I’d say the sighting took place on the evening of October 30th, 2005. On a fall evening, I decided to take my dog out for a walk along one of the trails running through the back part of our property. It was a clear night with no cloud cover in sight.  Soon after I gazed up into the night sky, and saw something I could not explain.  The object was far off into the distance, maybe a mile or two away, but was high enough up into the sky that I could see it in the clear night. As I just stood there and looked at it, I soon discovered it was nothing like I have ever known to be an earthly flying object.  All I could see on the object were the lights.  The lights were in layers and rows…each row and layer a different color. If I had to try and remember correctly, I would say there were a total of 5 or 6 layers of lights.  Seemingly all stacked on top of each other.  I can’t remember the exact colors. I can honestly say that there was no way it was any type of airplane or helicopter.  The object stayed still in motion and did not move.  The object also emitted no sound.  This was unusual for me. I had always been a fan of aviation aircraft and this by far was different and nothing that I had ever recognized.  It was close enough to where I should have heard sound coming from the object but again I heard nothing. After gazing up at the craft for about two minutes or so I looked down at the dog.  After diverting my attention from the sky for about five seconds I looked up back into the sky and the object was gone and nowhere in sight.  I scanned the sky with my eyes but I had seen nothing. It seemed so strange to see an object with those style of lights and no sound emanating from it.  The lights were nothing like I had seen.  In my opinion, if something could move that fast out of sight and had made no sound, surely it was not of this Earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.7942;-83.1561
