Orbs/Spheres over Hertel Avnue Looking North West towards Niagarg street;1997-08-15 20:15:00;Over 15 min;Orbs/Spheres over Hertel Avnue Looking North West towards Niagarg street I'm positive about the month and the year, but the date you could give or take off a day or two - it was around the middle of the month.  Me, my wife and my two daughters, then 8 and 14, where in our car (I'm driving) head NORTH down Hertel Avnue.  It was nearing dusk and the sky was remarkably clear, not a cloud for as far as the eye could see in any directon and the moon was full and very clear to the west of the sky though the sun was still shining (but nearing sunset).  We were on our way to Pay Less Shoes at Delaware and Hertel (near K-Mart) traffic was thick and moving slow.  I was going to purchase shoes for my two daughters for 'back to school'.  Then we were going to take a family drive to the Tuscaruora Indian Reservation for ice cream, cigarettes and gas.  As we approached Parkside - heading North down Hertel, the light turned red and we were the second car from the light.  My younger daughter startled me as she shouted Daddy, look up! look up!  We all looked up to the distanct sky directly in front of us, staring about 25 degrees up in the direction of travel and there was an extremely bright round orb of light, brighter than the North Star, BRIGHTER THAN ANYTHING I'VE EVER SEEN IN THE SKY.  By distance, it looked like it was over Lake Erie.  The orb of light just stayed in one spot and flickered for the entire time we sat at the red light. When the light turned green, the car in front did not move and neither did we and the people behind us started to blow there horns. I noticed the driver in the front car was staring and pointing at the sphere of light and talking to a female passenger in the seat next to him. We all got caught at the red light again!!  Then the sphere split into two orbs of light!!  Then about 2 seconds after the split, the second sphere or orb just JUMPED TO THE LEFT AND STARTED TO THE EDGE OF THE FULL MOON.  IT SAT THERE FOR ABOUT 1 SECOND THEN IT STARTED TO JUMP BACK AND FORTH FROM ONE SIDE OF THE MOON TO THE OTHER!!! (traveling the diameter of the moon!!) It did this for about 2 seconds and in that time It moved from the left to the right exactly 10 times before disappering!!  Then the first orb moved towards the moon form it's place in the horizon over Lake Erie and it traveled next to the moon and did it in less than a half a second!!  (I took my watch off my wrist and held it near my view to time what the orbs were doing)  The light truned green and the second orb was still siting at the edge of the outer diameter of the moon (left side).  Traffic started to jam really bad, it took us over 15 minutes to proceed from Parkside and Hertel to Delaware & Hertel.  When we parked in the plaza in front of Pay Less Shoes and got out of the car, There was a couple (guy and a lady) standing in front of Pay Less and pointing up at the moon and the orb they too were observing its strange behavior and my wife and I spoke to them breifly about it.  By this time, the orb or sphere shaped light was flicking in and out and each time it flickered out, it would reappear in a different spot near the moon in various places!!  I still get goose bumps thinking and talking about this!!  eeww!!  When we left Pay Less it was still there and we got spooked and did not go to the reservation as it was now dark - we went home and told no one.  during our drive back down Hertel to Main street (head to Dartmouth Ave where we then lived) we observed many people on Hertel in cars and on foot pointing at it and talking about it!!  I'm surprised this sighting never made the news!!  TOO MANY PEOPLE HAD NOTICED IT AND IT WAS CAUSING TRAFFIC JAMS BECAUSE PEOPLE DRIVING AND ON FOOT WHERE NOT FOCUSED AS THEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN!!!!  We where too busy watching these two strange lights!!  These lights made no sound and left no trail whatsoever!!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));42.9039239975215;-78.8517997422933
Bright white object with blue, red, green and white lights close to Buffalo International airport... 1.5 hrs;2010-10-15 03:30:00;1.5 hrs;Bright white object with blue, red, green and white lights close to Buffalo International airport... 1.5 hrs Time 3:30am - Walking to my car when I looked to the south east sky and noticed a bright object flash across the sky and come to a full stop. This object had white, red, blue and green lights around the outside of the object.  Time: 3:35am- went inside my apartment to get my binoculars to get a closer look. Object still appeared to have white, red, blue and green lights flashing around the object. Called the police department, they seemed to have no interest in what was happening.  Time: - 3:40am drove car to the convenient store 1/20th mile from my apartment to see if I could get the attendant to witness what I was seeing. He was sweeping the parking lot. He was more than willing to give me a few minutes of his time and was as amassed as I was at what we were witnessing.  Time: 3:50am - Went back to my apartment parking lot to watch some more.  Time: 4:00am - Walked across the street to the local supermarket where a truck driver delivering product had just pulled in. I walked to his truck and asked him if he had a video camera and if he would like to see something strange in the sky. He didn't have a video camera, but was willing to take  time and look at the object in the sky. I had my binoculars with me and we both continued to look at the object through the binoculars for over 15 minutes.  Time: 4:10am Police department called me back and asked me where I was located. 5 minutes later a police officer showed up at the supermarket. After exchanging a few words I handed the police officer my binoculars, he thought it was moving and said it could be any number of terrestrial objects, but was strange. He saw the colored lights...  Time: 4:20am - went back to my apartment parking lot to continue watching the object.  Time: 5:10am - Was clear sky's all night, at 5:10am cloud cover was moving in and was now blocking the object so I decided to call it a night.  Well I tried all night to find someone with a video camera, but was unsuccessful. Also tried to see if my neighbor had a telescope, but was also unsuccessful...  I did everything I could to get credible witnesses and video footage...  Also would like to mention I was located 3 miles east of the buffalo international airport... The object in my and the truck drivers opinion was with in distance for the airport radar...;42.9039239975215;-78.8517997422933
Slow moving red, glowing spheres in the sky, hover, get smaller then disappear one after the other;2012-03-18 20:00:00;10 minutes;Slow moving red, glowing spheres in the sky, hover, get smaller then disappear one after the other My husband called me outside around 8:00 pm, and showed me two glowing red spheres in the sky, one ahead of the other, moving very slowly, almost hovering.  First one moved up into the atmosphere, got smaller then vanished.  The second one stayed hovering, then moved off and up in the same direction as the first, gradually becoming smaller, and vanished in the same spot as the first one.  Never saw anything like it, too slow to be an airplane/helicopter.  They made no noise at all.;42.9039239975215;-78.8517997422933
