Exact moon-like object on ground, rising up, then streaking like a falling star;1970-06-10 23:00:00;15 minutes;Exact moon-like object on ground, rising up, then streaking like a falling star In the summer of 1970, at approx 11PM, me and my best friend E, were raccoon hunting in the river bottom off 103E, between Lufkin and Crockett.  We had circled the Marian Field in his truck and I was spot lighting the trees up and down, trying to catch the shining eyes of a critter.   E suddenly told me to turn the light off.  In front of us, the woods were lit up at ground level.  We were discussing that maybe it was his cousins, R and M coming in the jeep to hunt with us.  While we were watching, it rose to treetop level and looked exactly like the moon – only huge.   E cursed and quickly turned the truck around and sped back around toward the gate.  I urged him to stop because the object was no longer in sight.  He stopped the truck, and while we sat there for a minute, it reappeared like a falling star.  But, instead of just streaking and disappearing, it came straight at us, becoming the huge moon again.   It was so scary, I begin to raise my gun up, and Eddy pushed it back down and shouted, “Don’t shoot it”.  Then he tried to back up real fast, but let the clutch out too fast and the truck died.  He cursed more, restarted it and took off backwards.   I told him to stop because the river was right behind us and there was nowhere to go.  He stopped and we sat there for maybe a minute looking at it, it was huge.  If anyone saw it at this point, they would have said, “Man, look how big and bright the moon is”.  That is exactly what it looked like, nothing else.  It looked very close, but we could not tell how far it was, maybe a million miles.   He then took off toward the gate, and as we went through towards the woods, I looked back through the back window at it - we had passed under it, so it couldn’t have been very high up.  We went straight back to his grandmother’s house, woke her up and told her what we had seen.  She listened, and then said, “It’s a sign Eddy Boy, it’s a sign.”  From then on, anything that happened, we repeated that like a joke.   I went back about a week later with another friend C M, and we saw a bunch of falling stars, but nothing else.  E and I both saw the same thing, but he said it was going back and forth toward us when it reappeared, but, to me it was exactly like a falling star  – that is the only difference in what we witnessed.  It was very clear- there were no clouds and visibility was fine.   We were both 18 years old, completely sober and in full control of all our faculties.  It looked exactly like the moon, nothing else, but it was certainly ‘not’ the moon.   Both of us still think about it and discuss it.  I have given it a lot of thought, since then, and think that, just like a David Copperfield optical illusion, anyone at anytime could look up and witness the same thing and not even know it.  They would only think how big and bright the moon is….. until it moved as fast as a falling star, right at them, scaring the living crap out of them.   I am a retired letter carrier, and retired registered nurse and the above is an entirely true event described as accurately as I can.  It is as clear now as it was at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));31.4273;-94.8227
