During a latenight party a group of twenty witnessed a peculiar gathering of a fleet of pyramid shaped craft at midnight.;2000-10-23 00:00:00;10 minutes;During a latenight party a group of twenty witnessed a peculiar gathering of a fleet of pyramid shaped craft at midnight. Last month I was staying up late with some friends.  I was having a latenight party at my house.  We were in the middle of watching a movie, and we had the speakers cranked up high, when I began to hear a loud whumping noise, like the noise of a helicoptor.  Startled, I jumped up and asked my brother to turn off the television.  Startled himself at my anxious expression, he did.  I heard clearly then, as well as the nineteen others piled in my living room, the noise outside.  We scrambled out as fast as we could to see a small triangular craft above my house (small in comparison to large ones I've read about).  The craft was about the size of my house and in the shape of a triangular pyramid, but at that moment I could only see the bottom of it.  I yelled at my brother to go get a camera (I had to yell because the noise soon became very loud) when the noise of the craft was accompanied by many more.  We saw out of the sky a whole fleet of these craft come down by my house.  There were probably twenty to twenty five ships in all.  They stayed for a moment, got into some formation, and began to retreat back to the stars.  I remember the noise that they made was deafening.  There were no lights on the crafts until they got in formation.  Then  thin beams, like lasers, connected all the ships.  They traveled off smoothly.  We were so stunned we didn't tell anybody for weeks (who would believe us anyway?).  I live in a rural area and what few neighbors I did have were either out of town and didn't see the ships or they were at my party.  My parents were on a week-long getaway and they couldn't testify either.  Much of the group that were there won't talk about it now or just plain deny that it happened. But I know it happened, and I'm afraid. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know whether the witness means the morning, or midnight, of 23OC00.  We will attempt to clarify this point.  PD));45.08;-93.0227
Driving down highway 694 when i saw 3 lights in triangle shape with a red light in center hovering and moving at about 5 miles per hour;2011-12-16 19:05:00;5 min;Driving down highway 694 when i saw 3 lights in triangle shape with a red light in center hovering and moving at about 5 miles per hour in opposite direction about 150ft above road.  It was traveling West.;45.08;-93.0227
