saw 3 lighted circular aircrafts with friends then continued to see them as i returned home.;2010-09-10 23:30:00;1 hour total;saw 3 lighted circular aircrafts with friends then continued to see them as i returned home. I was in my friends back yard with 4 other people. I saw an object that appeared to be a plane at first, but it was moving too slow to be a plane and the lights were very different.  There were 3 lights and they alternated their flashes and sometimes all lit up at the same time. The first one came from the East towards the NW.  it continued on until it was past some trees then it returnedheading towrds the NE. Another one came from the NW and there was also another one seen in the eastern sky. These crafts were moving at an abnormally slow rate and abnormally low to the ground.  I dont believe that there would be som many airplane in the sky at once like that, especially as close as they came to each other.  Even after one of the crafts was flying away i could still see it for about 20 minutes way off in the distance with it's odd flahing lights. One of them seemed to move up and down rapidly with the lights flashing rapidly.  As i returned home i saw anothe! r one in the sky.  While in my bedroom i opened the blinds to see what was out there. I could see one set of the same flashing lights i had seen earlier off in the distance. I saw one come from the right and gradually descend slowly as it went and then it rose up gradually. I saw one more come from the left until it was straight ahead of my view and then it changed directions and went back to the left.  The stars were very bright on this night. I saw a set of stars that looked like a box kite and all of the stars were flashing. The north star was the brightest ive ever seen it.  These crafts seemed to be disked shape but may have been slightly chevron shaped. There were three flashing lights that flashed at different intervals.  All other observers that night believed that those were not ordinary spececrafts that we were seeing.;37.4561116564417;-77.6500331288342
