They were the brightest lights I ever saw in the sky during the day;2004-02-29 17:30:00;20 min;They were the brightest lights I ever saw in the sky during the day On feb 29th I was in kingsport Tn to take my Nephew home. We arived shortly after 5 pm and I was in the house with my Inlaws. My son came in and asked me what that is in the sky. I looked up and was astoniced to see 6 lights to the east of kingsport. I hollered to my Brother and sister inlaw  to come out. The biggest and brightest was like pollised gold was at the 5 o'clock of the moon with the mid sized one which was green to the left of it and the red grape sized one to yhe left of it. They made a triangle with pee sized blue lights to the right and bottom and left of them. We watched for several minutes as the blue lights moved. The bottom one came up to the right of the left blue light and the right blue light cme over to the gold light which was the size of a grapefruit. Then the blue light from the right begin to move around the gold light and then to the top of it. I asked if they had a vidio camera and they didnt. I realized that I had An digital camera in the car and went to get it. I took several pictures and decided to call wjhl tv to ask if they had any reports. I was given to the weather  room and told the Man what I was looking atand he said he would go and see if he could see them. He hung up and we kept watching.Then my son aked me what the white Cigar shape was . I was stunned to see another object comeing from the east to the north west. Over the trees and begin to take more pictures.As I was looking at this object My sister inlaw told me to look up. When I did ,It was another cigar shape moveing from the east to the south west. I tied to get a picture of it too,but it was moveing to fast. As was the first. The sky was remarkably clear with nothing but blue sky.When I looked for the others they were gone or I just couldnt find them again.Something That was strange and made me report this to the Police and airport the next day was around the same time this was happening, or before it, A plane crashed at tri cities airport. The air port was in the direction of these objec! ts. I Al so never heard a sound from any of them. And there were to jets at the same time very high leaving con trails.;36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
