Flashing lights moving across sky in northern direction.;2002-08-09 21:00:00;1 hour and 30 minutes;Flashing lights moving across sky in northern direction. My friend, my neighbor, and I were sitting out on a trampoline and we were looking into the sky and saw multiple lights moving slowly across the sky (about the size of a small star). We knew it couldn't be a star because stars dont move and it couldn't be a shooting star cause it was moving very slowly. We observed that there were aircraft in the sky taking off from a local airport and we noticed that one of the objects began to follow the aircraft and then disappeared. The objects changed colors very rapidly from blue to red to white. We observed that one of the objects had a green color change in it that none of the others had. They all were moving in a northern/northeastern direction. We saw 7 or more of these objects.;36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
3 red lights in a triangular pattern rising in altitude together followed by 2 more.;2012-10-20 20:00:00;5 minutes;3 red lights in a triangular pattern rising in altitude together followed by 2 more. 3 red lights in a triangular pattern rising in altitude together.  As they disappeared another 2 proceeded to rise in a similar pattern in about the same area.  Cloud cover was heavy.   My wife and I tried to photograph with a cell phone but it showed only one white light in the photograph.  The lights were not blinking and there was no noise associated with either set.;36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
Huge bright moving light, disappeared within a few seconds.;2014-10-08 18:50:00;00.30 seconds;Huge bright moving light, disappeared within a few seconds. I was outside and looked up at the night sky.  I saw what I thought was a very bright star until it seemed to be moving slowly.  I thought it might be an aircraft of some kind, but it just was not moving correctly  and was just too bright.  The light never blinked...just stayed so bright.  I stepped inside for approximately 3 seconds to get my boyfriend to come and look to see what he thought.  When we looked up for it, it was completely gone.  It didnt have enough time to just fly away or float off.  It couldnt have been hidden behind anything because it was up in the clear sky.  It was just GONE.   After that, I was still searching for it, but there were a few planes flying in the same area the huge bright object was. (Have been seeing quite a few unusual things in the sky lately,  mainly white spheres that seem to almost float);36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
Object (or light) yellow/orange in color seen silently traveling from west to east in Sullivan County, TN.;2015-02-24 19:03:00;~15 seconds;Object (or light) yellow/orange in color seen silently traveling from west to east in Sullivan County, TN. I was at my home of which is located out in the country within the rolling hills of East Tennessee it is worth mentioning that we have good views of the sky from our home.   I had been shoveling snow out in the driveway and also along the front walk of our house the sun had set and so I decided that it was time to call it quits and go inside for the evening.  I had been looking down at the ground while I was performing the work, but upon stopping the work I lifted my head and turned towards the house so as to begin making my way back towards the front step.   As I took a couple steps towards the house, I immediately realized that the brighter planets and stars had become visible in the evening sky, and so I paused so as to take in the view of the evening sky and enjoy the moment that is when something else caught my attention.  As I was looking towards the western sky I saw what I thought at first to be an extremely bright planet or star visible in the sky it appeared from behind a low hanging cloud.  Now there were a several clouds that were hanging low in the sky but beyond the scattered clouds was a crystal clear winter sky.   When I first noticed the object it appeared to be moving and so I immediately began to assess whether it was moving or if it was a stationary planetary object with the low hanging clouds moving across the sky instead within a second or two it was obvious that the object was traveling west to east at a rather high rate of speed.  It appeared to be traveling at an altitude that was consistent with the low hanging clouds or just above them due to the clouds would momentarily block my vision of it as it traveled across the sky towards the east.  It was close enough that had I had my 10x50 power binoculars on my person I would have likely gotten a much better look at it and could have likely at least identified a particular shape if not much more detail for instance, at the distance and altitude of which it appea! red to be I would have easily been able to clearly identify a ! typical aircraft if I had viewed it through my 10x50 binoculars.   Upon almost immediately realizing that this could potentially be an interesting aerial anomaly I considered running to get my binoculars, but taking into consideration how fast it was traveling I realized that it would only be visible for a few seconds unless it slowed its pace and so I just decided to try view it best I could from my current vantage point.   Its appearance was like that of a bright planet except more like a light than an object. The color of the object (or light) appeared to me as the tone of yellow/light-orange (much similar to the appearance of afterburners from a conventional fighter jet and had it been only flying away from me then I would have considered this to be a reasonable consideration). The color of the object/light stayed consistent throughout the siting it stayed a solid tone of yellow/light orange.  When I notice this object it was located looking towards the western sky I watched it closely as it traveled from west to east.  It was traveling at a speed that in my opinion is consistent of a fighter jet traveling at least normal cruise. It was quiet out and I was intently listening to see if I could hear any sound coming from the object I heard no noise coming from or produced by the object,  I only heard a dog barking intermittently off in the distance.   I am most certain that had this been a conventional aircraft I would have heard some sound associated with the object.  There was absolutely no contrail or exhaust visible to me coming from this object.  I would say that from my vantage point, when I first saw the object I would have been viewing what should be the side of the object and as it traveled across the sky I would have been looking at the rear of the object as it went away (off into the distance) this prevented me from considering the possibility that what I saw was any kind of landing or taxi lights of an aircraft.   I am a former State Section Director for MUFON and so I try to always be on the look-out fo! r things that are out of the ordinary this particular light or object I felt was worth a report, for it is not often that something appears this low in altitude and close enough that you should be able to hear sound emitted of which I cannot easily identify.   If it was an aircraft, then I would certainly think that is was likely of the stealth due to the lack of sound emitted.;36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
Bright light appeared, flashed  several times rotated ,disappeared , reappeared then rapid acceleration and gone;2017-10-31 19:30:00;45 seconds;Bright light appeared , flashed  several times rotated ,disappeared , reappeared then rapid acceleration and gone Was watching the night sky when suddenly saw out of the corner of my eye what I thought was a star suddenly changed color from a cool blue ( like a star on any given night ) to a bright almost incandescent light it flashed several times very quickly, almost like rapid camera flashes except more of an incandescent color then literally rotated like an eyeball in a socket and then completely disappeared.   Then staring in disbelief at what I just witnessed suddenly off to my right at approximately the same height, it suddenly reappeared then started moving slowly in a very straight line then like a plane taxiing down the runway but much much faster it took off and disappeared out of sight.;36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
Just above the golf course in at Meadowview Convention center my wife and I seen a large greenish bal of light. It went from looking li;2018-02-19 21:55:00;45 seconds;Just above the golf course in at Meadowview Convention center my wife and I seen a large greenish ball of light.  It went from looking like it was floating, to looking like it was going to crash into the top of the convention center, then just disappeared.   This is the second time my wife and have seen somethung like this in the area.  The other time she seen it, she was by herself, and I was by myself the last time I seen it.  This makes 3 times for both of us in the last 5 months.;36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
Single light, moving across the sky in blinking and swaying motion.;2019-10-21 00:00:00;15 seconds;Single light, moving across the sky in blinking and swaying motion. Was outside looking up at the night sky to catch some of the Orionid meteors.  A faint light caught my eye, which resembled a satellite or the ISS going over except for the it's motion and intermediate visibility.  Another person watching the sky with me confirmed what I saw.  The object moved in one general direction, but in 2-3 second bursts (fading quickly to nothing) and kind of turned in a short arc to the left, before fading, then turning in a short arc to the right, then fading.  It kept a consistent rhythm with this motion, but upon reappearing was back in the straight path of travel before turning once again off course.  My initial thought was that an airplane may be going overhead and we were seeing a left wing indicator, followed by the right wing indicator, but the obvious arc motion the object made upon each burst of light really couldn't have been possible if it was only the tip of an airplane wing.  I've also never seen an airplane travel in that path before.  The object was in view for 45 - 60 seconds as it crossed the sky.  Appeared to be a white/bright blue colored light.;36.538247188755;-82.54081184739
