I was driving north on the 14 freeway towards LA where the 405 the 5 & the 210 meet . I looked up into the horizion to see a rectangula;1999-06-01 19:00:00;20 sec.;I was driving north on the 14 freeway towards LA where the 405 the 5 & the 210 meet . I looked up into the horizion to see a rectangular shap siting perfectly still about three hundred feet above the ground. There were 4 square white lights within the rectangle flashing  the object was perfectly still which struck me as not normal. I also saw a blue round sphere decending down on a 45 degree slant The movement was effortless and smooth I have told other people but never get a response I am not crazy It was as plane as the nose on your face goverment? UFO ? It was so unusual that I wish I could have stopped, I wish I would have had a camera. But it is so loged in my memorey I will never forget that night. I have seen the sphere on an other night about a week later when I was walking a security beat with a co worker who also saw the sphere IT WAS BLUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Chace buy a helocopter around 50 feet behind it. I know other have seen what I saw. One night while watching tv a special on UfOs was broadcast, I was socked to see the discription of a similar craft rendered in 3D. Thats it I said. Now I know for sure I not crazy. If you read this please let me know what you think @ ((e-address and name deleted)) ((FOLLOW-UP REPORT FROM SAME WITNESS)) I was driving north on the 14 freeway towards LA where the 405 the 5 & the 210 meet . I looked up into the horizion to see a rectangular shap siting perfectly still about three hundred feet above the ground. There were 4 square white lights within the rectangle flashing  the object was perfectly still which struck me as not normal. I also saw a blue round sphere decending down on a 45 degree slant The movement was effortless and smooth and slow. I have told other people but never get a response I am not crazy It was as plane as the nose on your face, Goverment? UFO ? It was so unusual that I wish I could have stopped, I wish I would have had a camera. it is so loged in my memorey I will never forget that night. I have seen the blue sphere on an other night about a week later when I was walking a security beat with a co worker who also saw the sphere IT WAS BLUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The same color as the other one I saw. The sphere was being Chaced buy a helecopter around 50 feet behind it flying 30 to 40 feet high. I know others have seen what I saw. One night while watching tv a special on UfOs was broadcast, I was socked to see the discription of a similar craft rendered in 3D. Thats it I said. Now I know for sure I not crazy. If you read this please let me know what you think Thanks.;34.3077000000001;-118.4287
