My friend and I came across a football stadium sized UFO right where they detected the Wow! Signal.;2006-09-07 22:00:00;1 Hour;My friend and I came across a football stadium sized UFO right where they detected the Wow! Signal. My encounter began on September 7th, 2006. My friend J** and I were driving home from a friend's house nearby where the Big Ear Telescope used to be. It was somewhere around 10 PM near the corner of Cheshire Rd. and Rt 23 between Delaware, Ohio, and Lewis Center, Ohio. We were driving down Route 23 heading south towards Lewis Center when J** saw a bright light very distant in the sky we both joked saying “It’s probably a UFO.”.   So we keep driving and we eventually lose sight and forget about the distant object in the sky but then as we are coming over the precipice of the hill on Route 23 just beyond where the golf course is now, (where the telescope once stood) there was an enormous glowing football-shaped or (Cigar) shaped UFO hanging at nearly 90 degrees right above our heads steadily moving overtop of Route 23 heading towards Lewis Center. It was the most frightening, and awe-inspiring thing I have ever witnessed. It looked like it had fire, and flame red and orange and yellow churning within it, like it was an explosion encased in an invisible Football/Cigar-shaped shield that was just slowly floating just above our heads. We stopped on the side of the highway and got out of the car. It was the largest thing I have ever seen, I felt like an Ant beneath a giant glowing Boot. It was godlike in its scale.   I tried to take a video with my Motorola Razor but the phone just would not work at all even though it had just been working fine. We followed it back to Lewis Center where my friends and I watched it eventually begin to gain altitude then in a dizzying display of lights and flashes it blasted away in the blink of an eye leaving behind a wispy blue/teal vapor trail. I found out later on that the Big Ear Radio Telescope was where they had received the WOW! Signal.   This object took up a large portion of the visible sky as we came upon it. I’m an Airmen, a trained observer. I would estimate the object to be the size of an NFL Football Stadium, just floating above the tree line/highway and houses and buildings. The object was witnessed by at least 5 people other than myself.  To go into a bit more detail as it was gaining altitude glowing blueish/purplish orbs started cascading out of the main Football(Cigar) shaped object one after the other. Each time one appeared the momentum of which they revolved around the main object intensified until all I could see was a spinning blue glow around the main Football object and then in the blink of an eye it shot off into a flash of light in front of it, honestly, it was just like the Enterprise going to warp speed leaving only a bluish trailing haze behind it.   That is all.;40.1873;-82.9898999999998
