One diamond shaped aircraft in the sky west of Richmond,Indiana flying from the SE to the NW in October, 1998.;1998-10-15 22:30:00;1 minute;One diamond shaped aircraft in the sky west of Richmond,Indiana flying from the SE to the NW in October, 1998. In October, 1998,I was at a cookout with 7 friends,at a rural home generally south of Dublin, Indiana. Dublin sits on US 40 west of Richmond,Indiana. At about 22:30 hours we observed a diamond shaped aircraft approach our location from the SW, flying generally NE. No outside lights other than farm security lights were in the area and none were very bright. There was a full moon. For about one hour prior to this observation we had been watching a red light in the sky SE of our location go up and down in an acrobatic fashion, diving and climbing rapidly and performing turning motions. That light was in the general direction of Connersville, Indiana. The diamond shaped craft approached from the SW. Our conclusion as to the shape was based on lights on four corners of the craft. There were several lights and they appeared to be on the ends of the wings but they were not bright enough to illuminate the craft or  the wings Most were white but none were flashing strobe lights. The craft flew almost directly over our location at an estimated altitude of 1000 feet. What struck us was the lack of any engine noise. It was absolutely silent.We did not hear its approach and it made no noise as it passed over us. It flew to the NE generally in the direction of Richmond, Indiana or slightly to the west of that city. It was visible for about one minute. Our conclusion was that it was a military aircraft because of our relative proximity to Dayton, Ohio and Wright Patterson Air Force base.Our host told us that he had seen similar objects in the night sky many times before. His home is no closer than 1/2 mile to any other residence and the sky is very dark. There is very little light pollution from Indianapolis 50 miles to the west or from Richmond 20 miles or so to the east.I am retired military and familiar with aircraft identification procedures.The other guests were all adults about 45-55 years old. We were all sober. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.8089;-85.2063
