Many sightings over years;2004-10-23 01:00:00;2:00 minutes;Many sightings over years This has happened on many ocassions to me and my step-brother. I think the reason that we see the same sightings quite often is because we are star gazers. I couldn't possibly count how many crafts I have seen, but I know it would be over 50. I just now found this site, so I thought I would report my sightings that I have had over the years. The first time I seen these ufo's was when I had just got a brand new telescope for christmas in Hawaii. I decided to take it out the night I got it to look at the moon. I was amazed by the detail I could see with the telescope, and I even got to see Saturn behind the moon. After I had my fun with looking at the moon and Saturn, I was packing up the telescope pieces and loosening the scope positioner. I looked up for a second to just gaze at the stars and wonder whats out there, when I seen a light, which I thought may have been an airplane at first. I stared at it for a while waiting to see the lights blink, but it never happened. I continued to watch as it went further and further. I called to my Step-brother to come look at what I was seeing. He was amazed by it also, and we both noticed that it seemed to be slowing down. It slowed down to where it looked like it was not moving at all, and then made about a 90 degree turn and headed south of the island of Oahu. After about 30 seconds it sped up, and left nothing but a streak of light across the sky that laster for about 2 seconds. We were both stunned by this, and talked about it the whole night we stayed up. We have also had an ocassion where a number of people seen what we spotted. One night one of our neighbors were having a party for their friends daughter's birthday, and me and by step-brother were told to come over. We hung out by the trampoline, and talked with all the other teens there. We ended up getting on the topic of UFO's some how, and that led me to tell my story of what me and my step-brother had seen. After I told the story we all looked up and I noticed, out of the corner of my eye, a small-bright object going very fast. This was very different than the first one I had seen because it was more hostile. It was moving in a violent way, zig-zagging, and turning sharp. I told everyone to look to where I was pointing, which was West of Oahu. An overwhelming fear came over the crowd as they looked at the object. We continued to watch, and more gazers came out to see what we were looking at. That same night, when me and my step-brother left the party and were on our way home, we both happened to be looking north-west, when we seen what looked to be an explosion, or super nova of a star. It lasted for only a split second, but was so bright that I could still see it do to the strain it put on my eyes. We didn't have any other reports of it on the news, and I wondered why. It had to have been seen by more people than just me and my brother. There are many more sightings of UFO's that I have seen, but they will not be described here, as there is too many to remember. I have provided the most impacting of sighting to me here in this, but if you would like to know more, e-mail me at ((e-address deleted));39.20528046875;-96.5945445312499
Star-like moving objects;2007-06-20 23:00:00;20 minutes;Star-like moving objects Several small points of light seen moving across the sky within a period of twenty minutes.  They were star-like in size and varied in brightness, but did not blink, flash, or twinkle.  All moved at about the same speed but moved in different directions from different starting points.  Saw a total of six, with no more than two at the same time.  Each crossed the sky in less than a minute.;39.20528046875;-96.5945445312499
Manhattan Kansas, Boomerang like light and massive hang glider very high up without lights;2009-06-21 23:15:00;15 min;Manhattan Kansas,  Boomerang like light and massive hang glider very high up without lights Tuesday July 21st, 2009. Apx 11:15 PM. I was looking up at the stars with a friend N by NW of Manhattan, KS.  We both saw some type of flying object lit up.  It looked like the light was getting bigger (getting closer), then continued on a straight line for awhile, and flashed a dim light in the westward direction.  It then went behind the tree in our front yard. I hurried down the steps to the driveway to look more NE.  Right as I looked up a greenish boomerang looking light zipped extremely fast away from me. (the boomerang light seemed to be anywhere from 3000- 4000 feet up, zooming up higher). I then calmly gathered myself and told my friend Do you believe I just saw something fly really fast away.  He told me he saw it too.   I started to shake pretty bad and started debating with him if what we had just seen was real. We sat down in the drive way and looked up and started talking, the whole What if.   We then started looking south at this neat star that was flickering like crazy.  I stood up to get a closer look, and in my view I saw a very light faded object, somewhat hard to see.  I asked Zach to quickly look up and confirm what I saw.  It was a massive hang glider looking thing that looked like it was at an extremely high altitude. It looked kind of brown, but since it was dark, you couldn't tell.;39.20528046875;-96.5945445312499
Small bright white lights apppear in a starry sky;2016-06-04 01:25:00;1 minute;small bright white lights apppear in a starry sky It was about 1:25 a.m. Saturday, June 4, 2016, (this morning).  I ventured outside with my husky following a thunderstorm.  The night sky was filled with stars!  To the south, a town or two away, was lightening in the distant clouds, but no streaks of lightning no jagged lines or ground contact--just electricity lighting up that section of clouds. Looking in that direction and a bit to the east, in a southerly neighbor’s yard, suddenly a flash of light appeared by the tree top.  Perfectly round, small, bright. At first, I thought it was a firefly, yet it didn’t zigzag like a firefly it merely blinked for a moment.  Then a second one directly next to it appeared to the right.  The two lights shone simultaneously about a yard apart, in a straight line, then disappeared. I turned and walked a few feet to the west, admiring the planets, and constellations.  Such a clear sky! A couple of planets, and so many stars!  I had a clear view of the big dipper. Within seconds of facing due west, the big dipper to my right and a bit north, a small, round, bright white light appeared much higher in the atmosphere.  It was identical in size and brightness to the first two and seemed to appear from behind a different neighbor’s tree, moving north along the sky, much higher in the atmosphere, silently. This light appeared like a twinkling star,as did the first two, then disappeared.  Yet it reappeared much further along its straight-lined path to the north, much higher in the Earth's atmosphere.  The light intermittently blinked it’s way across the sky rapidly moving northerly then disappeared out of sight in the northern sky. There were no sounds for any of the lights no plane noises nearby.  None of the lights moved as comets would, or planes, or fireflies. The experience felt soothing, magical, and precious.;39.20528046875;-96.5945445312499
Bright orange lights in a disk formation appearing out of nowhere before slowly vanishing.;2019-06-08 11:30:00;5 minutes;Bright orange lights in a disk formation appearing out of nowhere before slowly vanishing. We were driving on I-70 back to Manhattan when I saw several orange lights in the sky that looked close by.  They were so bright that they looked like they could have came from fireworks or an explosion of some kind, but it was illuminating the sky around it.  The lights were in a disk-like formation and several more appeared between some of the lights.  This honestly reminded me of the Phoenix Lights.  There is Fort Riley near by, so I'm unsure if it was a military thing, but these lights were so close and not anywhere near Manhattan or the military base.  These lights then began to descend down toward the ground while also vanishing like if someone turned off a light.  By the time we got to Bill Snyder Highway, the lights were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.20528046875;-96.5945445312499
