Two red circles appearing out of nowhere, then disappearing.;2012-07-04 21:50:00;3-4 minutes;Two red circles appearing out of nowhere, then disappearing. Me, my mom, and my friend were all walking back to our house and I looked up because something in the sky caught my eye.  I immediately looked to my friend and said, Oh my gosh, what is that?  Is that a planet is it Saturn since it's red?   No, is that an airplane?  No... it's not either one… Then she looked up at it and seemed to be just as confused as I was.  This object was bright red, unmistakably red.  Also, it let off a hazy kind of light.  I was honestly baffled at the site and looked to my parents for their opinion, expecting them to not think it was anything out of the ordinary.  Then as they took a look, they both agreed that it was in fact NOT a plane, burning star, planet, or anything of a cosmic sort.  I quickly took a picture with my iPhone to then find that it disappeared shortly after. It went from right to left, almost in a diagonal line. We stood there, shocked.  Then only about ten seconds later, another red circle appears.  My mom pred! icted that this one would follow suit and disappear like the last one.  However, I videoed this one for a minute and 16 seconds.  I started the video about ten seconds after I saw it and then videoed it until it vanished. It seems as though it went off in the distance too far for us to see anymore.  I don't think anyone else around us saw it everyone was driving past and no one seemed to notice.  I found the whole situation very odd and to see two objects do the exact same thing was just bizzare.  This definitely goes down as a UFO siting in my book.;29.6751;-83.3655
Red orbs flying then disappearing;2012-07-04 21:55:00;3-4 minutes;Red orbs flying then disappearing Me, my friend, and her mom and dad were walking down the street after the fireworks when my friend pointed out a red circle in the sky that we thought might have been a planet or a star going out, but then it started moving.  We watched it move over a line of trees, slowly towards the left and then after about a minute it disappeared.  We started talking about how weird that was and how it might have been some leftover fire works when another orb that looked just like the other one, red and bright, came from the exact same position and moved exactly like the other one.  We videoed it and watched it go to the same place the first orb had gone and just like the other, after about 1 minute, it disappeared.  No other orbs came into sight after the second one vanished.;29.6751;-83.3655
