Unexplained light;2000-08-25 21:05:00;2min;Unexplained light At approximatly 2105 08/25/00 I went outside to smoke a cigarette when I noticed an object very high that resembled a star, but it was moving. There were no blinking lights on the object which would indicate that it was an airplane. The object came from the north an traveled towards the southwest. I listened for sound as the object moved away but there was none.I would estimate that the object had to be at a minimum of 30,000 ft.;41.4711;-71.7721
I went to let my dogs out and have a smoke. The moon was bright, high above my yard and the sky was clear, I could see all of the stars;2013-09-25 03:39:00;45+;I went to let my dogs out and have a smoke. The moon was bright, high above my yard and the sky was clear, I could see all of the stars. To the “south” of my yard, I could see what appeared to be a pulsing light, right above the distant tree line. I watched it for a couple of minutes, and it seemed to be moving, yet not as fast as a plane. I called the dogs back in as soon as I saw that it was rising yet becoming clearer. I wanted to turn the outside light off and watch without worrying about them, which is exactly what I did. I stood on my front steps and watched as the pulsing became brighter, and the closer it came, the more defined the beams surrounding it became. It was the most beautiful thing I think I’ve ever seen. There was the pulsing center, sure, but I could see what looked like a row of blinking dots that ran horizontal and the beams were varying colors, rainbow almost, with white rays mixed in along the bottom. The colored beams were separate, and went in all directions. I wondered if I was witnessing the death of a star, until it started weaving from side to side, and what appeared to be back and forth, upward and downward, slowly. Almost as a seagull does against the wind, trying to stay in one spot. I went inside and woke my son up to confirm what I was seeing, and he definitely saw the colors, the pulsing that was different from the blinking lights in the middle. And, promptly went back inside wanting nothing to do with it. I brought my female dog back out and walked to the end of my yard attempting to get a picture on my phone but the distance was too great for the quality of my device. While trying to do so, my dog started to whine, whimper, and slightly growl. Her fur stood completely on end, and she leaned her shoulder into my knee. What I’m about to share might have me sounding like a complete lunatic, but, honestly? I’d rather everyone think I’m nuts than not share it. She was looking over at our neighbor’s yard, and when I turned to see, there were three sets of eyes looking back at us. About my height, I immediately assumed deer. These were no deer I have ever seen. They turned to “run”, and they were far from anything I’ve ever seen, except for mutations shown in movies. They were hunched over, their heads more in front of their bodies, and they “loped” in almost an orangutan fashion. They were FAST. They appeared fur-less, and an odd brownish color. My dog started to run after them, and the last of the three “creatures” stopped, turned, and looked directly at my dog. My dog halted, and LAY DOWN. I called to her, and the sound of my voice caused the shiny eyes to turn away, and off it went with the others. My dog remained stationary until they were out of sight, and then bolted toward the door to the house, with me right behind her. I locked the door, looked out the window, and the pulsing light was still there, but moving south west without the colorful beams…I know it makes me sound crazy, and I don’t care. If these creatures weren’t related to that light in the sky, then I’m one lucky girl to see both things! However, my dog will not go out alone now, so I think we may have been far luckier than we know.;41.4711;-71.7721
