UFO in Monroeville Indiana;1995-09-30 19:00:00;2 min. or so;UFO in Monroeville Indiana At the time, my family and I lived in Monroeville, Indiana.  We lived in a huge mint green farm house about a mile out of town.  Many of summer nights we would lay on out trampoline and gaze at the stars.   Sometimes we would see what we thought as strange activity, such as lights that would disappear and reappear and lights that would fly at each other and almost touch but I told myself it was my imagination.  In town we would hear stories about people seeing strange objects in the sky and I never thought much of it because I didn't see it myself.   I was in 7th grade at the time.  My mother and little brother picked me up from the Junior/Senior High school a few miles down the road.  At the time, I was in basketball and I had just got done with practice.   We were almost home when we saw a little (I think red) car stopped right in front of our house.  We got very close to them and I saw they were looking up at something. I looked up.  The car sped away (so I know someone else saw the same thing).   Right in our huge roundabout was a hovering object flying above us.  It was feet or inches above the tall oaks.  There was no wind, no sound.  It was triangular with spot light in the middle.  It had a white light in one corner and one side had a row of white lights with one red light.  It was spot lighting the grass and trees in the roundabout then it flew a few yards and spotted the house and then the back field where we had a huge garden on the corner of a farmer’s field..  As it moved, you didn't see it move.  We all gazed in amazement and fear. My mother pulled in the drive way, put the car in park and ran into the house to get my father.  My brother and I started to scream and hold each other.  Then it was gone.  All the while, it never acknowledged us but of course it had to see us, right?   What is weird is that I don't remember telling my dad or the rest of the night, maybe because it was not important or because I was slightly traumatized.   The next morning I drew pictures but for some reason my memory had changed.  Now, I could only remember clearly how I felt and what I was thinking as I looked at the object and the things around the object but the exact memory of me staring straight at the object was gone.  My mother said she can't remember as clearly either.  What is strange is that I remember in pictures.  We didn't talk about it much.   My mother thinks it is a governmental experiment, not aliens and I like that answer.  This is what I tell myself and I find it reasonable.  There is an air force base very close by. The next day there were military helicopters flying all around.  What this means, I don't know. Were they looking for something?   Was this a foreign government spying on the U.S.  If the object didn’t want to be seen...then why fly into peoples yards and hover around.  Why did it care about us and what could it possibly learn or want from us.  I guess we will never know.   I don't expect you to believe this because I wouldn't.  It is hard for me to believe but it happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date in late 1995.  PD));40.989;-84.8944
