Dark, soundless triangle low in the sky, that had a solid light in each corner of the triangle.;2009-08-09 23:00:00;1-2 minutes;Dark, soundless triangle low in the sky, that had a solid light in each corner of the triangle. I was at the bottom of my street at a big intersection and I saw one bright light straight ahead. It was probably a few miles ahead, and it looked pretty low in the sky... It was a real cloudy and rainy night with lots of lightning. I pulled out my phone right when I saw it, and as I drove through the intersection I was getting closer and closer, but the light was so dim, and with the rain, it wouldn’t show up on my phones camera... when I get to about 2 miles past the intersection, it was to the left of me… I look back at it and it wasn’t one light anymore, it was 3 lights in an equilateral triangle.  I kept looking back at the road, back at the object.  Keep in mind, there was no blinking lights on this object at all.  I have never seen anything like this, and to be honest have never believed in UFO’s at all.  At one point as I looked back at it, a flash of lightning hit, and I could very clearly see the object in the sky.  It was a big, dark equilatera! l triangle, with a solid light on each corner of the triangle.  Now, it was a dark rainy night, so it was hard to tell if the object was pretty small, and as close as it seemed, or if it was really way further away than I though, and a big structure.  All I know is that it was under the clouds, so this object was very low to the ground, lower than planes ever fly around that area.  I opened up my car window to see if I could hear it, because it was basically right on top of me.  The object was making no sound at all, and was moving very slowly and sneaky through the sky.  The road I was on was a highway type road, so I had to go way past it before I could get off an exit and make my way back towards it.  When I got back to the general area of the site, it was nowhere to be seen...  I’m curious to know if anyone else has reported that from last night, it happened around 11 pm, and there were many cars on the road that I was on.  There is absolutely no way that I could have b! een the only person who saw it.  What an unbelievable site.  C! hanges m y whole perspective on UFO’s and what is really going on in the sky.  Please, let me know if anyone reports anything similar from NY on the same night.  Also, please know that everything i have reported here is 100% accurate and true.  Thank you.;42.1266999999999;-75.9685000000002
Multiple bright L.E.D. looking lights in a V formation,Suddenly disappears.;2016-05-10 17:00:00;1 minute;Multiple bright L.E.D. looking lights in a V formation,Suddenly disappears. The U.F.O. my mother and I saw had lights around it in the shape of a triangle much like the flying v in the mighty ducks lol but we did not see the actual craft just the lights and I can not say how many lights were exactly their I know this is not a good description.  And I'm no sky watcher but I have seen my fair share of videos too know this was not normal.  At first we thought it was a plane for a second,  But then noticed the lights were in a much different shape placement not blinking and one solid LED ish color and it was not moving.  It was fairly close and easy to see but was gone so fast because the strange part was how it suddenly and quickly vanished.  I cannot tell if it hit hyper speed and took off or simply vanished but poof it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.1266999999999;-75.9685000000002
