A bright white light that floats in the air with no aviation lights;2011-01-15 04:45:00;4:45 to 7:30;A bright white light that floats in the air with no aviation lights At 4:45 a.m., I had gotten off of my sofa and walked  into the kitchen to the back sliding glass door that lead to the back yard of our home.  As I got to the sliding back glass, I pulled the curtains to the side just a little so that I could look into my back yard.  Since the beginning of October of 2010, I've been feeding the deer (white tail) that come into the back yard at night.  As I pulled the curtains slightly to the right, I saw a bright white light falling from the sky as if it was a shooting star.  So, I then called out to my fiance for her to come quick and have a look.  As she ran up to the sliding back glass next to me we saw the light continue to fall. Then it  all of a sudden come to a complete stop right above the tops of the trees while it remained illuminated.   In amazement and awe we both realized that this was no shooting star.  In fact this light was much brighter than any star in the sky.  As it stopped from free falling it wa! s hovering.  The light would go to the right then it would hover to the left.  We decided to go outside to have a better look.  While outside we were looking at this light through binoculars in disbelief of what we were seeing.   For one, a shooting star will not stop as it is in flight through the earths atmosphere and two, the light emitted from the shooting star will eventually disappear. Staring out into the back yard, the white light had stopped right above the tree line that stands out about 40 yards behind our mobile home.  What happened next is what really through my mind for a loop.  About 5 minutes after spotting the UFO, an actual shooting star had came into my vision from the left and was going right.  The shooting star was going just as fast as the white light was.  I knew that it couldn't be an airplane because an airplane has to keep moving through the air to keep flying.  Also, I knew that it couldn't be a helicopter because of how fast that ! it was going when I first saw it.  Then, after watching the wh! ite ligh t for about another 5 to 10 minutes, I knew that I was watching a UFO ( Unidentified Flying Object).  What really had made my mind up in saying that this was a UFO is that it had no blinking aviation lights on it what so ever.  So as time passed, my fiance and I where speechless as to what we were witnessing.  As time progressed, the UFO moved from the top of the tree line to almost straight up in the air from where we were looking.  As the sun came started to come up, I then moved outside for the remainder of the time that I watched this flying object.  The white light had now become dimmer due to the light in the sky.  I then braced myself against a pole outside and held the binoculars up to have a real good steady look.  From what I saw, it was a metal object that was again, no airplane nor helicopter.;30.266675;-91.24475
