Multiple objects, big and small, surrounded my numerous unmarked helicopters.;2016-03-23 22:00:00;10 minutes;Multiple objects, big and small, surrounded my numerous unmarked helicopters. A little before 10pm, in North Haven, CT, my children and I were driving home when we spotted three very bright images, resembling stars, in the shape of a triangle.  We could tell they weren't stars because they were so much lower and brighter than anything we've ever seen.  We drove approximately 2-3 miles before stopping to observe. There were numerous helicopters in the sky.  The helicopters were not using much light, if any at all, so they were difficult to detect, but there were approximately 20 of them.  We videotaped the entire time but mainly focused on these three bright lights and these helicopters because we weren't sure what was happening.   Just before the three bright lights disappeared, my son thought he saw a lightning because he said everything turned white for a split second.  I did not notice this, however, in the video just as my son was saying that he thought he saw lightning, our video camera went white and our sound got knocked out.  At this point you can tell we are still videotaping the sky because the stream of tape shows that it's black, but yet when you watch the video, it's pure white with no sound. Once we arrived home, still unsure about what was going on, we quickly watched the videos.  We noticed in the videos that there were many objects that we had not seen before.  It seems like every time we watch the videos we would see more incredible things.  At this point, we realized that we were surrounded by UFOs. In the videos and I don't like can you see numerous floating objects, you can also see what appears to be the bottom of a very large ship hovering just above us. This was the most incredible thing I have ever witnessed and I am happy to share videos and pictures. I will attach a link to a video here. In the first few seconds if you look to the right near the telephone pole you will see two blue lights.  Next if you look at the highest street light on the screen, you will notice that there objects moving around the light.   Additionally if you look into the black sky right above that same light, you can see what resembles a metallic (almost octagon shape) moving fairly slowly.  I believe this is the bottom of the ship.  Here is the link to that particular video I have many many more if you'd like to see please let me know.   Here is a link to a video:  http://youtube/zM2g4it0zdI ((NUFORC Note:  The link, in its original form, was defective.  We have attempted to guess what the correct address is, and it still does not work for us.  See corrected link below.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM VISITOR TO THE NUFORC SITE)) Hi Peter, Regarding the following report - There are two videos on youtube for this event. They can both be found on the page for Kristen Kuselias here -  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDfzb4kaZkrGKD2VaiIVJDw (report details) Occurred : 3/23/2016 22:00 (Entered as : 03/23/2016 22:00) Reported: 3/29/2016 7:36:32 PM 19:36 Posted: 4/1/2016 Location: North Haven, CT Shape: Changing Duration:10 minutes NUFORC Note: The link, in its original form, was defective. We have attempted to guess what the correct address is, and it still does not work for us. PD They had the address wrong for the video link, but it was found by searching the link title on Google. Thanks for what you do. Keep looking up! ((END ADDENDUM));41.3869;-72.8604
