Saucer with red, green and white flashing lights over our horse pasture.;1969-06-15 20:00:00;10 minutes;Saucer with red, green and white flashing lights over our horse pasture. I was 10 years old when my mom called me out on the porch and asked me if i see what she is seeing.  She was calling really loud. There was a saucer shaped craft hovering over the back side of our horse pasture 100 yards from our porch and about 20 feet off of the ground.  The horses ran back to the side of the pasture that the house was on. It had red green and white flashing lights around the middle edge.  You could clearly make out the saucer shape. It sat there about 10 minutes then slowly lifted straight up over the tree tops and flew away but not at a high rate of speed.  We could only hear a faint humming sound. I know it has been a long time since I saw this when I was a child but I will never forget it.  My mom never wanted to say anything or let me because she thought people back then would think she was crazy. ((NUFORC Note:  Date indicated for the incident probably is approximate, although the source of the report does not indicate that fact.  PD));30.8473045454545;-83.9454833333333
I did not record the date, I could not tell you if it was April or May, but I know that the year was 1971.  Traveling from Atlanta to T;1971-04-15 21:00:00;15 minutes;I did not record the date, I could not tell you if it was April or May, but I know that the year was 1971.   Traveling from Atlanta to Thomasville Georgia, I reached Hwy. 319 going into Thomasville around 7pm and I was only a few minutes from my destination with about an hour of daylight left.  It was when I approached dirt road where I was to turn, that I noticed about 5 or 6 cars were pulled over to the side and there was a large beam of light coming from the sky.  I made an attempt to identify where the light was coming from, but after a quick observation, I decided I really didn’t care because I was anxious to get to my family.  I turned right onto the dirt road, which happened to be where all the cars were pulled over viewing the light.  I proceeded down the road and I noticed within moments that the light was above me.  I looked up through my windshield and this object was following me and was just above the tall pines.  I began driving very fast and it kept pace with my ’69 Camaro. I finally made it to the construction site and pulled into the driveway with object stopping at the entrance.  I quickly left my car and ran into the house. There were about 11others there being Friday all the contractors were still hanging around, especially since they were all cousins and uncles.   I told everyone with much excitement they needed to see what followed me home!  My dad looked out the window and immediately shouted, “Stay in the house.”  We all stood still and watched as the object floated towards us and then lift up just as it reached the house, at which time my dad shouted, “Get out of the house.   All eleven of us ran out the door at almost the same instant. It was a saucer shaped object, silver with red and blue glowing lights that seem to illuminate from the portals on the top.  It was approximately 50’ to 60’ in diameter.  The exterior had a smooth finish there were no signs of any joints in the metal, just a few indentions where maybe a door and the lights were.   It was hovering about 20’ above us and bouncing from where our cars were parked to the house.  At one time we were all afraid that it would land on top of the house, it came so close, but it would go up again and bounce over to the fields.  We all watched this object quietly and no one moved.  For an instance I wandered who was watching whom.  The object no longer was showing the bright light that it had when it first began to follow me.  At one time I thought of going to my car and getting my camera, but I did not want miss anything.  It wasn’t long after this thought that the object began to travel farther in the field away from us.  It began to go up higher, still not making a sound, and in a blink of an eye it traveled so fast that in just a second it was a tiny silver dot in the sky. 	We all remained silent for a few moments still in disbelief of what we had experience.  The next day there were reports in the local newspaper about several unidentified flying objects around the Thomasville, GA area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.8473045454545;-83.9454833333333
