Circular UFO with lights around outer edge in night sky;1980-07-01 21:30:00;10-15 seconds;Circular UFO with lights around outer edge in night sky It was early summer around 1980.  I would have been about 12 years old at the time.  It was not long after dark.  Weather was warm with clear skies.  I was in the family room of my parent's house, looking out a large picture window.  Windows on both sides of the picture window were open to let in an evening breeze.   Directly in front of me above the trees across the street, a large circular UFO flew directly towards my parent's house.  The craft was darker than the night sky and could be seen as a circle.  The outer circumference of the craft had multi-colored lights all the way around.  Either the craft was rotating as it moved forward or the lights were changing color in a way that mimicked rotation.  The craft moved somewhat slower than I would have expected for low-flying light aircraft.  The craft's altitude appeared to be below 500 feet.  I estimate the craft was 60 to 100 feet across.  I never heard the craft make a sound.  As it passed above my parent's house, I ran to the front door and out into the front yard.  I again briefly saw the craft as it went over the treeline behind my parent's house.  The light pattern on the craft was very similar to another UFO report I found here, except the lights I saw formed a complete circle around the outer edge of the craft:  http://www.ufocasebook.com/i84encounter.html. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.6782;-71.9174
Large round white light moving very fast, east to west across the horizon;2007-03-06 20:38:00;2 seconds;Large round white light moving very fast, east to west across the horizon I am a 38 year old female, medical professional, and have lived in this area of the country my entire life. On Tuesday March 6, 2007 at 2038 hours, I was driving south on Starkweather Road in Plainfield, Connecticut, returning home with my son after dropping off one of his friends. Starkweather Road is a winding country road, and it was very dark, the sky was beautiful and clear with many visible stars. There were no leaves on the trees to interfere with the view of the sky, and I was driving past a clearing or small field. According to Google Earth, the coordinates of my approximate position at the time were 41* 41’ 23.22” N, 71* 53’ 47.07” W, elevation 271 ft. It was three days after the total Lunar Eclipse which took place on March 3, 2007. I was looking straight ahead, concentrating on the road, careful of deer that sometimes enter the road without warning. Out of the Eastern sky, a bright light caught my eye. I thought I was seeing a shooting star, but this light was perfectly round, with no aura or tail, and did not disappear in a flash as a shooting star does. It was slightly smaller than the end of a pencil eraser in the sky, but I have no idea how large it really was. It seemed much higher than a plane would fly, and did not blink or twinkle like an incandescent light. It was pure, bright white, and traveled from horizon to horizon, East to West in approximately 2 seconds. I was so surprised I slowed my car to almost a complete stop. My son is much taller than I am, and he did not see the light because the roof of the car was blocking his view. When I got home, I called my boyfriend who is a mathematical engineer, currently residing in Utah to tell him about “the biggest, brightest shooting star I have ever seen”. He believes what I saw was a UFO. After discussing it in detail, I came to the conclusion that it was not a shooting star because I have seen many in my lifetime, and this had none of the same characteristics. I am sure it was a UFO.;41.6782;-71.9174
Huge craft with red lights over tree tops circling area 3 times;2012-09-24 19:30:00;15 minutes;Huge craft with red lights over tree tops circling area 3 times Approximately 19:30 hours on September 24, 2012, my husband and I were sitting outside on our deck, relaxing and talking (as we always do after I get home from work).  The deck is situated on the north side of our home.  The night sky was between twilight and complete nightfall.  The street lights were on, which one of them is located on the curve of our street.  My back was facing this street light, my husband was talking to me and that is when he noticed something coming over tree top.  He said “what the hell is that?”  I then turned around and said “holy crap”.  My husband ran into the house to grab the camera.  The first thing I noticed was how huge the red lights were, but they were not blinding and the lights followed the curvature of the craft, but only, and I would say about ½ of the “round” shape.  I could not see the outline of the craft, but you could tell the shape because of the lights.  Also, there was also a row of white lights below the red o! nes (but not as many as the red or as big).  They were brilliant in color, but still did not blind us.  I also had noticed that there was absolutely no sound from this craft.  I took a couple of pictures, but my camera has a video capacity on it and had videoed about a minute and 22 seconds.  At this point in time, the craft had moved slowly in a wide curved motion (moving away from our point of view).  My video has only the “back” side of craft where the lights were blinking: Red (the dominate color) then changed to Blue.   But upon looking at the video footage, it seems that maybe there were two crafts, where the other one was much further away from “craft 1”, but I can only see the blue light.  There had been other aircrafts as well in the night sky that we all can recognize, and I know the difference between the two.  The craft had since disappeared into the distanced.  At that point in time, I had moved from my deck down to the end of my driveway – when it was gone, I ! turned around to go back to my deck to talk to my husband.  I ! had turn ed my head in the direction of where we had seen this craft and realized it was back in the same position where we originally had seen it (over the tree top).  I yelled at my husband and said “It’s back!  It’s back!” I also was amazed at how fast it was back because I literally turned around and walked a few steps before I looked over my shoulder.  I had since turned my camera off and tried to turn it back on so I could get a better video shot, but I could not.  This craft went around in a huge circumference three times and yet no sound at all.  You could hear the regular jets, but not this craft.  I tried taking pictures but the quality of my camera is not the best at night (old model).;41.6782;-71.9174
