A blimp shaped object with low lighting or shimmering effect outline hovering next to the G. W. Bridge over the Hudson River.;1991-10-01 19:00:00;5 minutes;A blimp shaped object with low lighting or shimmering effect outline hovering next to the G. W. Bridge over the Hudson River. A friend and I were power walking around the park opposite Med North in Fort Lee, NJ.  As soon as we made the turn heading East - facing the G. W. Bridge - I saw a bullet shaped (I only saw one end of it) object right next to the South side of the bridge.  Which meant that it would have been hovering over the Hudson River.  It would have been invisible to us except that there was some low lighting or shimmering effect outling the object from our vantage point.  It seemed huge.  I was still trying to figure out what it was that I was looking at, and hadn't yet mentioned it to my friend when she shreiked what is it?. (We were still walking the whole time.) She was an hysterical person by nature and was getting a little frantic (still walking). It looked so much like the Goodyear Blimp that I assumed that is what it had to be.  It had to be right? If that is what the Blimp looked like with no lights except for the outline.  I assured my friend it was just the blimp and we made the turn and walked to the car and left the area.  I figured that if it was anything else, there were enough people with terraces in the many high rise apartment buildings overlooking the bridge and the river - someone else would have seen it.  There was no report of anything strange that I heard or read about so I assumed it was the blimp after all on a joy ride.  I did think it was pretty dangerous and I'm not sure if the blimp could hover in one place and not move. I put it out of my mind and some time later had the occassion to actually see the Goodyear blimp near the G. W. Bridge.  The size was all wrong.  It was tiny compared to what we saw that night.  I only wish we would have continued to walk towards the bridge and not left the area.  I do feel a little silly reporting this.  I guess I have always been waiting to hear about someone else reporting this incident. I'm not sure of the date and time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.8492;-73.9735000000001
