FLASHING RED, GREEN and WHITE LIGHTS THAT ALTERNATE;2003-08-06 22:00:00;1hr 15mim.;((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses were looking at either Mars, or at a bright, twinkling star in the northeast sky.  PD)) FLASHING RED, GREEN and WHITE LIGHTS THAT ALTERNATE Well, let me begin by saying that i do realize that mars is going to be at it's closest to earth on august 27th, 2003 as it has in roughly 60,000 years. With that in mind, i have seen something in the sky that i'm not sure if it was mars or something else. On August 6th at 10:00 p.m. i'm driving with my two sons and look toward the moon (which was in the southern sky) and directly to the bottom left (at about the 8 o'clock position) we saw a light that was flashing red. Now upon focusing with the naked eye, we could see that it was not only flashing red but also had green and white flashes which would alternate between the three. Very visible! We were very impressed with what we were seeing. We returned home after discussing it on the road and nothing more was said. Now on the next night (August 7th) i went outside in my backyard and looked at the moon again (which was super bright)  in the southern sky, and noticed once again that the red, green and white light was there, only this time at the bottom right at around the 4 o'clock position. This time i went inside and grabbed my binocculars that have 20x50mm field of view 171 ft./1000 yrds. I could see it really well other then the natural unsteadiness of holding them. I'm not sure, but it looked to me as if it was moving ever so slowly. I'm not laying money on that tho. Well, i observed this light for about an 1hr and a half untill i could'nt see it anymore for it had been moving to the west and had tree blockage. I don't know if mars or any other thing would produce lights of red, green and white which alternate. Very very distinctive. These lights were just a little bigger than a star in size, but i'm not dismissing the fact that it could have been some sort of star or anything other then a UFO. I just want to know what it was.;40.7908;-85.8327
((HOAX??)) 8 orange lights in the northern sky of wabash indiana dissapeared within 5 min. no noise;2008-03-08 20:05:00;5 minutes;8 orange lights in the northern sky of wabash indiana dissapeared within 5 min. no noise saw 8 lights in a row with orange glow in the sky pulled over to observe and they disappeared one at a time. no noise ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  Probable hoax date flawed.  PD));40.7908;-85.8327
3 u.f.os over indiana;2009-05-15 03:00:00;2 minutes;3 u.f.os over indiana At 3:25 am on may 15 we seen 3 craft moving in a triangle formation. One of the craft then stopped as the other two gained distance and spread out. Then all 3 craft seemed to make a leap frog type movement acrross the sky. The craft did not appear to be planes or hellecopters as they were to high and quiet. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.7908;-85.8327
Fast moving light..no sound.. disappeared right before our eyes.;2010-10-27 20:15:00;4 minutes;Fast moving light..no sound.. disappeared right before our eyes. It was a completely clear sky.  I live in a remote prairie area so it is easy to see a large sky with no light from town..etc.  My mother and I were pulling into the driveway when I saw what at the time I thought was just another airplane as we live only about 20 miles from Grissom AirForce Base and there are alot of them.  I was joking with her to quickly park so we could get out to see a ufo.  After we both got out of the car and looked up into the sky it was a light about the size of a pencil eraser at arms length moving toward us from the west and almost straight overhead of us.  I told her that I believed that all aircraft by faa regs had to have a blinking light.. this had NONE.  It was also moving faster than an airplane would but not fast enough to be completely unusuall.  Just my best guess it would seem to be around 300 feet hight??    At this point I still believed it to be a jet, however it was making NO sound.  Ive lived out here all my life so ! I know the sound a plane makes. After about 2-3 minutes of watching it..It completely DISAPEARED before our eyes.  I told her it must have went behind a cloud..and she reminded me that there were absolutely not even a single cloud in the sky last night.  As it disappeared it got fainter until completely gone.  I believe that what I first thought was a cloud but actually the Milky Way where it disappeared into.  We think that the reason it got fainter was because it ascended at a high speed Upward into the milk way region.  I have never seen ANYTHING like this happen before.  Only a minute or two after it was gone..two planes came toward us from the east..opposite of its traveled direction and traveling a little lower than what the light was.  I have always been a skeptic of these things and never have reported anything like this until now.  I truly believe that theres no way a plane would be completely silent and completely disappear like that thing did.;40.7908;-85.8327
