Ufo in Pictures;2012-07-23 18:00:00;2hours;Ufo in Pictures Me and some friends went to a place called rocky point.  We didn't see a ufo but I took digital pictures and when we got home I found a lot of unexplainable things in the pictures.I will E-mail one of the best pictures to you...;44.7531;-122.3998
2 witnesses observe bright object, stationary for 1 hour or more, in afternoon sky over Linn Co., OR. ((NUFORC Note:  Balloon??  PD));2018-08-17 17:07:00;75 minutes;Two witnesses observe bright object, stationary for an hour or more, in afternoon sky over Linn County, Oregon. On the afternoon of 08/17/2018, a neighbor called me and, during our conversation about unrelated business, told me to take my phone outside, look up and tell him what I saw.  I told him that I saw the moon, the sun and blue sky.  He suggested that I look to the east, and, there I saw a circular object, suspended and absolutely motionless, high in the sky.  Me neighbor said that he had been watching it, while working outside, for over an hour.  It had not moved during this hour and he asked me what I thought that it was.  I told him I had no idea, and went back into the house for my point and shoot camera, as I didn't think the optics on my phone would render a decent image.  I was not able to 'zoom out' far enough to get any surrounding mountains or trees into the shot to give some perspective of size, etc.  I observed this object for approximately 20 more minutes, until I had to leave for work.  During the time I observed an aircraft flying at about 20,000! feet as it passed well above and to the west of the object I would estimate the object's altitude to have been about 8,000 to 10,000 feet.  There was no sound, other than that of the aircraft.  I did not get a photo of the plane and the object in the same frame.  It was a breezy, warm summer afternoon, the sky was clear and the temperature was about 90 degrees.  The object was toroidal, or donut shaped, with a solid appearing outer rim or edge.  The center of the toroid was diaphanous, nearly clear.  There also appears to be, in the center, some 'structural', bar-like elements, which were about the same brightness as the outer rim. I showed my photos to several people and at least one suggested that it may have been a balloon this seems unlikely, as it remained absolutely stationary for well over an hour and, as I mentioned, the weather was rather breezy.  Also, it did not look like a balloon.  My wife and daughter arrived home after I had left for work I texted my daug! hter and asked her to step outside to see if she could see the! object. By this time, the object was no longer visible.  I have not had an opportunity in the meantime to discuss this sighting with my neighbor.;44.7531;-122.3998
