Last night, about 12 midnight on April 4th 2009 I was sitting in our sunroom (large windows) at our computer looking at colleges online;2009-04-04 23:59:00;10 seconds;Last night, about 12 midnight on April 4th, 2009, I was sitting in our sunroom (large windows) at our computer looking at colleges online for our daughter.  My husband was in the bathroom getting ready for bed (brushing his teeth).  Our house was silent, no tv on, no computer sound on. Both our kids were staying at friends homes.   I then heard this loud humming noise.  WOOoooWoooWOOoooWOOooo.  I looked towards the noise that was coming from behind the house.  I was frozen at what I saw.  There were double twin light beams coming from the sky, directly down to the ground.  The light was not dissipated as a flash light would be.  The beams were moving up and down within the beam itself.  There was both the noise and the double twin beams happening at the same time.   My husband came out of the bathroom asking what the weird noise was.  He thought that it was something on the computer or I had the tv on.  He looked towards the tv and the computer and seen there was no noise coming form either.  He looked at me standing by the large windows and said what was that noise?  The noise and the lights were gone, but he had heard the noise and it brought him out of the bathroom to question it.  He heard the noise over brushing his teeth and running water.   I told him about the lights and he believed me.   We have no noise out here.  We live on 25 acres with a few hundred acres of farmland, woods and crp land behind us.  Our house sits up on a hill with an unobstructed view of the sky.  Our sunroom has very large windows that go up to a peak.  I tell you this so that you can see that I had a very clear view of what I saw.   As far as the weather, it was snowing and the humidity was high.  Sound doesn’t travel well in that kind of weather.  On days when it’s calm and dry or cold, you can hear semis 4 miles south of hear humming down a highway.  This was not that.  The light beams had two separated strands on the left side going straight up and down from the ground to the sky.   The light beams on the right were also two separated light beams going straight up and down to the sky.  I looked up to see where they were coming from, but because of the snow, the beams went into what ever they call the low snow ceiling.   I then talked to my husband about what just happened.  We both went outside to listen for any more noise.  There was nothing.  Then he took his 10 million candlepower flashlight out and pointed it out in the backyard.  With a flashlight we did the same thing.  Both times, the light would spread out and you could see all the snow coming down.  With the double twin light beams that I witnessed, they were solid stands.  No breaking up of the beams, just straight lines down.    I then called my 19 year old daughter that was in the town 5 miles away and asked her if she heard/seen anything.  They were watching movies in her friends basement.  Nothing.    I decided that it did need to be reported, so after about 15 minutes, I decided to call the Rice County Mn non emergency sheriffs’ telephone number.  The dispatcher did take the call seriously.  She was nice about it and said that I did need to repeat the story to a deputy.   She transferred the phone to him.  I told him about what happed.  He was also great about what I told him.  I told him that I work as a librarian at a local high school, I don’t drink and I don’t smoke.  I am a middle age women that has 2 kids, a farm and would not make up what happened last night.   He had me describe in detail for their report, about what happened .  He said that there are too many reports world wide of this stuff happening for some of it not to be real, and the universe is too large for us to believe we are the only one here.      I felt the need to report this to them, and I also feel the need to report this on your sight also.   I did go outside this morning to see if there was any visible sign on the ground to where the beams were touching, but I could not see any.  It did snow about 2 to 3 inches overnight.   I hope this info helps. ((NUFORC Note:  The witness, who submitted this report, appeared on the Jeff Rense Radio Program at 7:00 p.m. on Tuesday, April 14, 2009.  She did an excellent job of describing the event, and her story sounded to us to be quite credible.  Her description of the event did not deviate from her description above.  PD));44.5003;-93.3826
