triangular shaped object seen on separate occasions in different states;1996-07-15 17:15:00;5 minutes;triangular shaped object seen on separate occasions in different states Greetings Mr. Davenport, I came upon your site and reviewed the accounts reported of sitings in various states on the Eastern Seaboard. My accounts of sitings have never been made public, but after reviewing the reports, I feel that I ought to go public with what I have seen. My first account I wish to report, was in Bloomingburg, NY.  It was July 1988, the 2nd to last wednesday of that month.  Around 6:30 pm, I was putting a full teapot of water on my stove when I looked up, out the window that faced Rt. 17M.  I lived next to a white victorian home across from the cemetary, in a little rental bungalow.  It had been raining and as I looked out the window, above the telephone and electrical wires was a slow moving triangular shaped object with yellow, green and white lights in each corner of the object.  I dropped the teapot, tore open the kitchen door and ran out in my socks across the front lawn.  The object disappeared behind the victorian house and in the few seconds it took me to race to the edge of the shoulder of the road, the object disappeared.  My fiance at the time, had come outdoors behind me, questioning what I had been doing....and I told him.  About a minute later, to the east of us (towards Middletown, NY) there was a bright flash of light that seemed to have come from the behind the mountain to our right...a few miles down Rt. 17M.   There was not a sound around, everything was silent, not the sound of crickets or anything and the air felt strange, almost electrified. I ran inside the house, and called the Middletown State Police Barracks, Troop F and reported the siting.  The officer who answered the telephone explained that he had already received several phone calls reporting the same siting. The next morning, as I went to work at George's Deli (now VEO mart) in Bullville, I opened the store as the a.m. opening shift, at 5:30 am.  The Times Herald Record, for Thursday morning, had a front page article on the siting, stating that a little over 250 telephone calls had come in the previous night, reporting the siting.  Stuart Airport was said to have sent out a flight test mission of 7 fighter planes practicing, yet it was not accurate, because Stuart Airport was known, for years, to have done test missions on the last Thursday of the month.  This was just one object that was reported and for a government airplane, which makes a great deal of noise, it was not of our making, that I am sure.  ( I had seen a triangular shaped object 2 years prior, while hanging out with a friend at cowhill in Chester/Sugarloaf, NY about a 30 minute drive east of Middletown).  My friend and I watched this object from the mountain top for 15 minutes, it did not move when suddenly it just shot off in an upward direction and disappeared.  We chalked it up to an LSD flashback from our partying days as we had both watched it but thought we had both seen something that did not exist. The second incident that I would like to report, occurred in Sussex, NJ on July 15, 1995.  I had been heading towards Newton, NJ, to attend classes at Sussex County Community College.  I was driving my vehicle on Rt. 23, about 1/4 mile passed the Sussex County Airport.  The time was about 5:15 p.m.  To my right, above the trees was a triangular shaped object moving a bit faster than my speed of 45 m.p.h.  It was a dark colored object, dull in texture.  There was no sound coming from the object as it stayed approximately 2 car lengths ahead of me to the right.  I sped up to try to get even with it, but to no avail, I could not.  When I reached the intersection that led to Space Farms, to my right (I have been out of NJ now since September, 1996 and I do not remember the name of that road), the object suddenly took off at a speed I had witnessed before in Chester/Sugarloaf, NY.  In a blink of an eye, it disappeared, in the direction of Newton, NJ (it passed over the Sussex County Fair Grounds where I noticed a similar report had been made regarding the witnesses at the rodeo) and was gone.  Amazed, I stopped at a friend's place in Newton, a block before the community college to tell her and her husband about it (her husband is retired Air force officer), she told me she too saw the same object only moments before I arrived, and that it too had disappeared...she explained, over the college towards Port Jervis, NY direction. I have had other unexplainable incidents in my childhood, yet as an adult, I have also seen many, sometimes alone and other times, with witnesses.  I would like to explain the other details of other events, if you are interested, please contact me at email address provided in form and I would be more than happy to divulge the information, times, dates and accounts as well as witnesses. ((NUFORC Note:  We will encourage the witness to resubmit her reports, using one Online Report Form per incident, so that they sort according to their respective dates.  PD));41.2301;-74.5963
