Viewed on different evenings, overhead, and on the western horizon,originally thought it was a star or airplane headlight.;2013-08-12 21:15:00;10 minutes;Viewed on different evenings, overhead, and on the western horizon,originally thought it was a star or airplane headlight. On the nights between 8/8 to 8/15 at approximately 9:15 pm., I witnessed a white illuminated craft accompanied by a smaller orange colored spherical craft.   In the evenings following, I saw the same white lighted craft hovering in the western horizon.  This time I used my camera to sight in and took several pictures on the zoom setting which didn't allow for clarity, but still allowed detail.  It revealed a spherical dome shaped craft,apparently self illuminating.  It had a rounded center making it appear to be like a wheel of a car,hubcap in the center.   These objects displayed no usual marker lights, or engine sounds. In the week of these sightings I witnessed approximately 6 sightings, and all appeared to be the same vehicle.   I would like for you to see these pictures,so I left my # on your message phone.;46.8213;-123.0356
I witnessed a circular craft hovering low in the southern sky,just before dark.;2013-08-18 20:56:00;18 minutes;I witnessed a circular craft hovering low in the southern sky,just before dark. I witnessed a circular craft hovering low in the southwestern sky from 8:56-9:14pm. I used my camera to capture several pictures, as well as video of the object.  It omitted a bright light, not from any headlight source.  This is my sixth sighting of what I believe is the same object, over a ten day period.  All occurring just before dark.  No engine noises or marker lights can be detected.  I viewed this object until it faded out of sight as it proceeded south. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));46.8213;-123.0356
Observed object hovering at low altitude, spinning,and changing colors. in S.W. evening sky.;2013-08-19 21:02:00;2 minutes;Observed object hovering at low altitude, spinning,and changing colors. in S.W. evening sky. I viewed this light low in the S.W sky.  Approx. @9:02pm. The circular light appeared to spin and produce yellow,blue green light.  Only one light was viewed. I was able to drive close to its location in Oakville,Wa. 8 miles away to obtain a closer view.  The object hovered in the air at approximately 1000 ft.altitude.  And also moved slowly toward the western horizon until too far away to see detail.;46.8213;-123.0356
Singular light seen low in evening sky near Rochester, WA.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));2013-09-18 17:42:00;20 minutes;Singular light seen low in evening sky near Rochester, wa. At twilight at 7:42 to 8:02 on 09/17/2013 I viewed a single white circular light in the southwestern sky, hovering, about 30 degrees of angle.  3 miles west of Rochester, Wa. 98579  There were no engine sounds. Upon zooming in, you see through the white light, to what looks like a spinning, Chinese lantern. When zooming further, now orange over all, with circulating red/yellow/green illumination around the outer circle. Enough detail was viewed revealing a wheel-like structure, radiating spokes into the rounded center. At this time I drove southwest to the town of Rochester, approximately 2 miles from original sighting area. I noticed I was physically closer and appeared so in my viewfinder. I took video of this at this time. Object slowly moved high in the southwestern sky (now dark) and was stationary at a 50 degree angle. There it remained. Taking note of it's position, I drove home. Approximately two hours later, I observed object high in sky, appearing to be the same object seen earlier, evidenced in my viewfinder. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));46.8213;-123.0356
UFO followed me home and parked on my property!;2019-09-07 23:40:00;30 minutes;ufo followed me home and parked on my property! I was driving home from Centraila, Wa ,about 11:30pm.  I got off I-5, and took exit 88 highway 12 west, toward Rochester, WA. I stopped at the 1st light, and saw what I thought, were weird  light reflections in the clouds, they were pale yellow orbs bouncing all over the sky, my husband said they were most likely from a spot light.  As we drove farther west I noticed that the orbs were just to the south of us about a mile or so and were brighter, and were closer together now traveling a little ahead and to the southwest of us, as we entered the town I realized this was one ship, and the lights were much brighter although still above the clouds, we made a left, and then turned back west on our street, I thought the object was still in town. Our road is curvy, and as I made the second curve,I almost wrecked the car!  I caught sight of the craft just to the left of me and a bit ahead. I almost wrecked the car!  we were the only ones on the road and the object was now just above the clouds, and you could see 6 white lights rotating in a pattern and 4 red lights that spun, then the white lights ran to the inside or center of the craft, made a star formation,then reversed direction and made a circle around the center star like light. This thing stayed in the cloud cover, never coming out into the bare sky, so I never saw the whole thing. As we took a left into our driveway and parked, the craft stopped and hovered, literally, 200 feet above us and 100 feet next to us, just above our pasture. the lights slowed down, and as we got of the car, it looked like it was coming down, by the way it made no noise, had no wind there was no engine noise at all! at this point we both decided it was best to get inside. We got the dogs out of the kennel, and took them in the house, they had been raising holy hell, and were franic!  I decided to go out side and see if the craft had left, it was no longer at the front of the property and I did not see it at first. This made me feel better and I walked out to the street and headed west to see if I could see where it went, as I walked up the road I looked to the left and looked out at our pasture, and saw at least, 25 rays of light pointing up to the sky, they were like spotlights and were bouncing all over the place! the craft was now on the ground behind the barn  so I could not see it, but I knew there were no lights out there like that! I took off for the house  and told my husband we needed to leave, he agreed and we got the dogs loaded and took off down to the next cross street, we turned left to go to highway 12 and the craft went right over us heading due west, and then it just disappeared! I am still shaken up, and just a bit afraid they will come back. A car was parked at the corner of the cross street and  moon road and he had a cell phone in his hand so someone got it on camera,  The whole encounter lasted 30 mins,;46.8213;-123.0356
