Extremely fast blue/green light;2001-06-03 23:43:00;4 seconds;Extremely fast blue/green light I witnessed something pretty strange tonight.  I was coming home from work, going south on I-5 . At about 11:43 PM  I was about one mile from my exit #88 (Rochester exit).  This bright greenish blue light came shooting over the top of my truck.  It was going the same direction as I was.  My first thought was a shooting star, however I have never seen one this color before.   There was no streaking.  Height is hard to determine but it seemed to be no more than 100' above the pavement.  It went straight down I-5 in front of me, did not seem to arc at all and it was traveling so fast it was gone in about 4 seconds.;46.8213;-123.0356
Fleet of red UFO's emerging from Mt. Rainier.;2012-10-10 21:00:00;10 minutes;Fleet of red UFO's emerging from Mt. Rainier There was about 20 or more red lights that flew right over my neighborhood, making no sound. It looked to me like they were emerging from Mt. Ranier.  Then they all turned north, and started moving towards Seattle.  One by one, the blinked out.  After all the red lights blinked out, there was a craft with two amber lights and a flashing red light in the middle moving in the same direction as the red fleet was headed.  I started filming, and the batteries went dead.  When I replaced the batteries, I captured a portion of the event, and a few pictures.  My mom, my two children, several of my neighbors, and myself, witnessed the event.;46.8213;-123.0356
Silent craft moving across the sky.;2013-04-24 02:45:00;20 seconds;Silent craft moving across the sky I was walking outside at night when I looked up in the sky and saw 2 object, one directly in front of the other, going across the sky.  I could not tell the shape of the object, it looked like a star. I know it wasn't a star because you could tell that it was lower than the stars. At first I thought it could be 2 satellites, one in front of the other.  Except I have seen satellites and that isn't what this was. It actually could have been one craft with one light in the front and one in the rear.  I saw it move across the sky, away from me, for about 20 seconds before it just disappeared.  It didn't appear to just shoot off into space.  I just moved across the sky and disappeared. If this was 2 objects, they were moving in formation at the same speed.  This wasn't a know aircraft, it was completely silent. From my point of view the object looked like this:   . .   Could this have been 2 satellites moving across the sky in formation?  Sure.  Only I've seen satellites!  before and satellites always appear smaller, and stay in the sky a lot longer.  Plus I've never seen 2 move across the sky in a formation like this. Let alone seem to appear and disappear so quickly   (Previously reported. I gave the wrong date, i said 2012. This happend 2013);46.8213;-123.0356
Orb of yellowish light that turned blueish green.   Disappeared and reappeared 3 times in night sky.  ((anonymous report));2018-07-05 22:45:00;15 minutes;Orb of yellowish light that turned blueish green.   Disappeared and reappeared 3 times in night sky. In the clear Western sky, I saw what looked like a very bright star or planet, but it was more yellow than white and seemed to flicker.  I watched for a minute or two and it disappeared then reappeared. I went outside and took some pictures and video with my phone.  Zooming in it was definitely not a star or planet.  It changed colors and seemed like a light with a glowing aura that changed colors, yellow to a blueish green and back to yellow.  Each time it appeared it would be in the same vicinity, but not in the exact same place.  It stayed in the same place but appeared to me moving in place if that makes sense. I filmed for 42 seconds and it disappeared on film.  I did not move the phone.  Then it came back for a third and final time and I filmed for over 3 minutes zooming in and out to try to get a better focus.  I stopped filming and then filmed another minute or so and it appeared to be moving and fading in and out until it disappeared again. On the 3 minute video, an anomaly occurred that was only evident after viewing it after the fact.  There is one second that something like a cloud or a vapor passes closely in front of the camera, but the orb never disappears in the far distance.  There were no clouds or mist around me while filming so I have no idea what it was. About 20 minutes after it disappeared completely, large aircraft began circling the area where I saw it and I also have some footage of that, too.  The only thing going on that night near that vicinity was the Indian Reservation was setting off some loud fireworks, but nothing like you see on the 4th of July.  It looked more like lightening.  This orb was off to the right a good distance away and low in the sky, but high enough for me to think it was a star or a planet. Most people are telling me it's a drone, but I haven't seen footage of drones behaving in this manner or that were this large. I am willing to share the footage, but I don't see where to upload it to this report.  Please let me know if you would like to see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));46.8213;-123.0356
25+ lights in a direct line appeared at intervals and traveled north east.  ((Starlink satellites??));2020-02-22 04:50:00;15 minutes;25+ lights in a direct line appeared at intervals and traveled north east. The first lights were seen in the north east sky near the lacerta constellation.  Only two of them to start but after that at regular intervals more appeared from seemingly nowhere. All in a straight direct line going north east at a regular pace.  There were no sounds or flashing lights.  They all had the same or similar point of origin in the sky. I had stopped to count them and by the time i had to leave or be late I had counted at least 27 and there were more showing up.  Once I got in the road and checked the similar area in the sky they seemed to have stopped appearing and the ones that were there had disappeared.  I am not sure if they went over the horizon as I had homes and trees blocking move of my horizontal view.;46.8213;-123.0356
