Four Yellow/ golden lights alligned perfectly in the sky. None were moving except for one.;2011-12-25 19:30:00;10 Minutes;Four Yellow/ golden lights alligned perfectly in the sky. None were moving except for one. While driving down the Long Island Expressway towards exit 60 me and two other people in the vehicle I was driving and spotted four golden lights just sitting in a perfect allignment across the sky.  All the lights were not moving except for one and we no longer saw these lights as we got off the expressway.  They were gold lights and they were not bright they were dull. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.7963;-73.0665
3 Bright orange lights rise high into upper atmosphere 1 at a time, flicker then vanish.;2012-11-22 19:30:00;2-3 minutes;3 Bright orange lights rise high into upper atmosphere 1 at a time, flicker then vanish. It was thanksgiving and my father was taking out trash when he yelled for all of us to come outside. He yelled for us to look up into the sky at these strange lights.  My family and i went to the front of my house and looked up where we saw 3 bright orb like orange lights high in the sky.  They were very bright, 5-10x's brighter then all the surrounding stars At first they were all hovering in the same spot and did not move for about a minute.  They were not making any noise whatsoever and we all hushed up to listen to see if we could hear engines.  It was an absolutely clear night not a cloud in the sky. 1 of the 3 lights started to slowly rise up and continued to do so for about 15-20 seconds until it go so high up it started to flicker then vanish.  This object seemed to go straight up into the atmosphere right into space itself.  As soon as the first had vanished the Second light started to rise and did the exact same thing, becoming extremely high up and flickered then vanished.  The third light rose as the second vanished and just like the first two, flickered and vanished. The 8 of us Talked the rest of the night about the possibility's of what we all had just witnessed.  We came to the conclusion that it was NOT meteors, planes, helicopters, Chines lanterns or any other form of air craft we have ever seen. No one could come up with a reasonable explanation. Witness's included- Me my Parents, Grand parents, Aunt and Uncle, and little Brother.;40.7963;-73.0665
