Glowing orange orb seen for 10 seconds moving up and down in back up cam of car.;2015-05-29 21:30:00;10 seconds;Glowing orange orb seen for 10 seconds moving up and down in back up cam of car. I was leaving my old house.  We haven't sold it yet, and my friends and I used it to film a scene for English class.  In the back up camera of the car, i saw an orange orb zooming in and out of shot of the camera, and going up and down.  I'd imagine it'd only be about  2-25 inches in radius.  It had a longish tail as well.   My mom and I both saw it, my friends did not because they were too busy chatting in the back. It disappeared after around 10 seconds.  It was low to the ground.  It was also night time, and no lights were on except street lights in the distance. I am not sure if this is important, and I do not fully believe it, but our old house was presumably haunted by the spirit of the guy who died there.  I lived in that house all my life until a few months ago, and the only paranormal stuff I've seen is moving furniture.   However, we'vre hired three cleaning ladies and they were all too scared to clean and were haunted away despite us never telling them about the ghost.  It could be the spirit, probably not, but that's a possible explanation in case anyone was interested.;39.2756;-77.2115
When getting ready for bed, I noticed an object moving across the sky.  It was emitting a red and blue-green light.;2016-01-24 01:00:00;>30 minutes;When getting ready for bed, I noticed an object moving across the sky.  It was emitting a red and blue-green light.  Due to the blizzard, planes were grounded.  After watching it, it appeared to move too slow to be a satellite and had different lighting.   The object appeared to stop and move opposite directions.  It did this several times, as I got my binoculars out.  After several minutes of looking through the binoculars, the object stopped moving.  It was no longer red and blue-green, but was emitting white light.  Its look resembled that of a star.  I took a picture and downloaded it.   What really interested me was when I applied normal filters, which would typically just increase the contrast, or fade the saturation of a photograph.  In pictures taken at 1am without flash, I did not expect a variation when applying the filters.  However, to my surprise the filters resulted in wild colors being shown in the background, while the object remained white.;39.2756;-77.2115
