Bright reddish-orange light observed crossing the sky from SE to NW in the direction of Pittsburgh.;2011-07-01 23:35:00;~1 min;Bright reddish-orange light observed crossing the sky from SE to NW in the direction of Pittsburgh. I observed a bright reddish-orange light crossing the sky in a straight line, approximately SE to NW.  I initially took it to be the landing light of an airliner, due to its size and the fact that this is a common flight path for plans arriving at Pittsburgh International Airport.  However, the color was wrong for a landing light.  In addition, there were no blinking lights anywhere in the vicinity of this light, as would be found on a plane's tail and wingtips.  I also did not hear any noise at all, as I would have expected from a jet flying overhead. The light progressed across the sky at a fairly slow pace.  It passed overhead perhaps 30-45 seconds after I first noticed it.  As it did so, the light faded out.  There was a faint dark shape that continued in the trajectory of the light until the glare from Pittsburgh hid it.  The impression was similar to a vehicle with a headlight and no taillights passing by.  The shape was faint enough that I cannot describe it with certainty - perhaps triangular or rectangular?  In the sky it was perhaps the size of my thumbnail when held at arm's length. A check of NASA's SkySearch found no satellites passing over the McKeesport area between 11:00 and 12:00 this evening.  After retrieving my camcorder, I sat outside and observed the sky until 12:30, but did not see anything besides the usual jets passing overhead. I am a pastor in my mid-thirties, with a bachelor's and master's degree.  This is the first time I have observed an object in the sky that I could not explain.;40.3469;-79.8689
5 star-like objects in formation evenly spaced moving in a straight line.   ((Spacelink satellites??));2020-03-05 20:15:00;10 minutes;5 star-like objects in formation evenly spaced moving in a straight line We just got out of a meeting and we're heading to our car when I looked up and noticed a very bright light in the sky after a couple seconds I realized it was Venus.  While I was admiring the brightness of it I noticed other stars that were moving there were 5 of them evenly spaced moving in a straight line appearing out of nowhere.  There were no red or blue flashing lights on them and in there vicinity was another aircraft that did have flashing red and blue lights.  They looked like stars in formation is the best I can describe them.  My buddy said maybe they were military helicopters but I would think they would have some type of colored lights like planes.  At first, there was just 3, and then number 4 appeared and then 5 appeared, like just blinked in to exsistance.;40.3469;-79.8689
