HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Hi. I have here a report for you. On Friday March 7/03 @ 7:30 PM me and my daughter were outside;2003-03-07 19:30:00;2 to 3 seconds;Hi. I have here a report for you. On Friday March 7/03 @ 7:30 PM me and my daughter (name deleted)were outside ready to leave in the truck when we both looked up and saw this bright white light shoot over towards Mount Hays. Traveling South East for two to three seconds, it just blinks out when it was over Mount Hays, it was the brightest white light that we have ever seen. My daughter told me that she had seen almost the same thing just two weeks ago while with her friend Patricia at 4:30 am, the object they saw wasn't as bright as this one was, it was traveling East, and it too blinked out before it went over out Hays. HBCC UFO Note: This sighting might be easily explained as a meteor, but after receiving so many reports for Northern British Columbia I am not putting this down to a meteor just yet, I will be looking into the sighting report to see if there is anymore information which could be gathered on it. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  <hbccufo@telus.net>    His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is: <http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html>      All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: <http://www.geocities.com/ufologia_canadiana/BC2002sightings.html> PD));54.3189;-130.3248
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Bright Flash and two lights noticed.;2003-07-22 01:05:00;approx: 5 minues;Bright Flash and two lights noticed. I just had a report from Prince Rupert , British Columbia. The witness reported seeing an extremely bright flash of light in the southwestern part of the sky. The fellow then saw a bright white light traveling to the northeast coming from where he saw the bright flash. He mentioned that the light took approx: 5 minutes, traveling to the northeast from where he first caught sight of it in the southwestern part of the sky.  It finally just disappeared. The witness also said the light was very high up, but mentioned it was twice as bright than any satellite. Still another light, not as bright was noted coming from the exact position the flash was observed, but this second light was traveling to the north. No sudden moments were noticed. No sounds was heard, mainly due to the lights being so far away. So what we have is a extremely bright flash of light witnessed in southwestern part of the sky, and two other lights coming from the area the flash was observed.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting the report.  PD));54.3189;-130.3248
