A cylindrical, than triangulat object floating in the sky with many different colors of light flickering!!!;2010-10-31 21:50:00;15 minutes;A cylindrical, than triangulat object floating in the sky with many different colors of light flickering!!! 11/ 1/10   On 10/31/10 at approximately 2150 my wife called me and said there is an object floating in the air right above our car and you need to come here now to the end of the street with a camera. In the van was my wife and two of our children who also witnessed this object, and were very scared. My wife indicated looking at an object above her no bigger than a large trashcan and it was about 40 feet above the ground.  She stated the object was cylindrical in shape, orange and white in color and with a yellow glow. There was no wind at the time. She said as soon as she got out of the van to look at it, it immediately started to move away in a northern direction and upward.  Her whole initial interaction lasted about 2-3 minutes. I am now driving to where she is and as I am driving and looking in the sky, I now notice an odd lit object floating fairly high in the sky, north of me. I pulled over and began to video tape it. There were some high clouds, but no wind or rain. What I saw with my naked eye was an object the size of a tennis ball at arm’s length away. There was a reddish-yellow constant glow that also varied in brightness.  Through the video camera I was able to zoom in and see a completely different object. Now I see an object that was initially the shape and color that my wife described to me. It was hazy and had a radiant glow of orange. Then it suddenly changed shape and now I see a distinct triangular shape with multiple colors flashing in no specific pattern. The lights were yellow, blue, green, red, purple, orange and pink.  As the lights flashed in a triangular direction there was also another set of lights that were moving around the triangular ones in an elliptical direction, which! were mostly yellow and orange in color and had a more constant brightness.  The object continued to move upward and north westerly. Towards the end of the sighting, the shape of the object clustered together and became blurry.  However, you could still distinctly see the different colors flashing.   Then a ball of colors appeared to drop from the object and was visible for only a second. A total of three of the colored balls or globs of light fell or dropped from the main object. After the third one dropped, the object seemed to fade in brightness, flickered a couple times, then vanished possibly behind the clouds. I called and reported this to the 911 operator at 2231.  The operator documented the information and then called me back with the UFO report line, which I then called as well.  We are still unable to determine what we saw in the sky…;44.8032;-122.7605
