FLYING OBJECT  WITH CHANGING LIGHTS  AND  CHANGING COLOR;2004-01-02 21:00:00;1 hour;FLYING OBJECT  WITH CHANGING LIGHTS  AND  CHANGING COLOR January 2nd 2004 around 9pm We were driving on the road when we saw a red light flying fast in the sky. We followed it and it stoped high in the sky above the water. We went on the beach and were staring at it. One minute their was 1 light then it change to 2 and then to 3 lights.  It was flying up and down and sometimes it was going left and then changing direction to the right. Sometimes their was a flash of lights and I was seeing a cigars shaped form lighted by its own lights in the darkness of the sky. At times we were seeing a row of lights like windows. At first we tought we were going crazy but we observed it for an hour.  Two weeks later I saw the same thing at a different location but I was alone. Honestly I thought I was going insane and i was looking at that bright big light changing from yellow to blue to white to red and hovering above.After an hour and a half I said to myself that it was just Mars or Venus or a star and went to the take out to get something to eat.  When I came back 15 minutes later it was gone and I realized it was not a star or a planet.  It was surely not a plane as it was staying at the same place for minutes then moving up or down or left and right. The only thing I could think about was an helicopter but why would their be an helicopter staying at the same place for an hour and a half and changing color all the time.  I saw the same thing at the exact same location last year for 2 hours and at the times I tought I was just going crazy but its been 3 times and one time I had somebody with me seeing it with eyes bulging out. He told me to not tell anyone as poeple would think we were crazy but i dont really care what people think and I'm not scared of aliens or whatnot.  Their has been a couple of UFO sighting in this region in the last few year and its even benn in the paper and on the radio. By the report Im reading here it would seem thet ufo's really exist or we're all going insane at the same time.  If i see it again I'll let you know. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.8023666666667;-64.6602333333333
