Extremely fast, bright, low altitude object instantaneously changes directions at angles of less than 90 degrees.;2002-06-30 00:30:00;20 seconds;Extremely fast, bright, low altitude object instantaneously changes directions at angles of less than 90 degrees. At approximately 12:30am (early sunday morning) June 30, a bright white object proceeded in a flash, much like that of a shooting star or an object burning up in our atmosphere.  The object was seen coming from the west, in an upward direction and then disappeared briefly.  Then to our surprise, the object reappeared and began to move at a high rate of speed over our heads, flashing on and off at equal intervals of approximately 1 second on and 1 second off, in a straight line in a south-east direction over Mary Lake in near the town of Huntsville in the Muskoka region of southern Ontario, Canada. The flashing on and off of the object was observed as a streak of intensely bright light in the sky, indicating a high rate of speed.  It was very cloudy and the only bright object in the night sky was the planet Venus.  This object had a light intensity that was much higher than that of any star or planet in the sky I would equate it to the light intensity of a full moon on a clear night, concentrated at a single point streaking across the sky. As the object passed directly over our position, it became much brighter, suggesting it would have been only a few thousand feet above us (not any higher than a commercial airliner would fly) The object flashed on and off about 4 or 5 times before reaching beyond the other side of the lake just above the treeline and lowering in light intensity (as the object was seen just above the treeline, this was a greater indication of the low altitude).  The object then immediately flashed and streaked in a west direction at an angle that appeared to be less than 90 degrees. The object did not have time to slow down, nor did it appear to slow down when it immediately changed direction approximately 1 second later and moved east (in the opposite direction) at a high rate of speed.  The object then made yet another immediate change in direction approximately 1 second later, streaking across the sky, just above the treeline in a west direction.  It then made one final immediate change in direction approximately 1 second later, streaking east and then dissappearing below the tree line following this final streak of light. The only possible explanation of what was seen as the object flashed east and then west four times in immediate succession would be four completely different meteors entering our atmosphere at equal intervals of time, in alternating directions and with the same angle of incidence into our atmosphere (as the object moved or streaked back and forth at incredible speeds it seemed to retrace its previous path in other words, the streak of light created was always parallel with the surface of the earth and the same height above the treeline).  The possibility of this object infact being multiple meteors in the specific formations witnessed is an extremely unprobable occurrance, thereby strongly suggesting that this object was not of this earth or of any physical phenomena that we could scientifically explain.;45.3302000000001;-79.2188000000001
bright flash  followed by a halo around flash like smoke the a small bright object moving away from halo very fast;2004-02-27 03:55:00;35 sec.;bright flash  followed by a halo around flash like smoke the a small bright object moving away from halo very fast;45.3302000000001;-79.2188000000001
