Sunday, April 10th, around 1pm I noticed a round object in the sky. It didn't go fast, but changed shapes and disappeared into the sun.;2005-04-10 13:00:00;5-10 minutes;Sunday, April 10th, around 1pm I noticed a round object in the sky. It didn't go fast, but changed shapes and disappeared into the sun. On Sunday, April 10th around 1pm I was looking up at the sky and saw what I thought was a white balloon, as I was watching it, it seemed to change shape.  I called my friend out to see what I was seeing. This person thought it was a plastic bag, but I pointed out it was up to high. After watching it for a few minutes my friend decided it wasn't a plastic bag, that maybe it was a weather balloon. I didn't agree with that either.  We kept watching it and we noticed it was changing shapes and the speed varied, at some points it even seemed like it was staying in one place. It was going towards the sun. We got some binoculars and noticed it had something orange in the middle of it.  It got closer to the sun and then disappered into the sun but about a minute later returned on the other side of the sun and stayed in one place. I went to get a camera to take a picture and my friend stayed outside to keep watching, when I came back out in less then 30 seconds it was gone. It never reappeared. I don't know if it was an ufo but don't know what else it could have been. We called the weather station to see if any weather balloons or anything else was in that area. The answer was no.  I looked on the internet to see if anyone else encountered this but have found nothing. I just wanted to share it with someone. It was the most bizarre thing.;33.6719;-116.3032
Two bright white lights moving incredibly fast across the sky;2006-11-11 21:00:00;20 seconds;Two bright white lights moving incredibly fast across the sky I was in my backyard, it was around 9 or 10. I looked up into the sky to look for airplanes. I suddenly saw two bright object , they looked something like the headlights of a car. They shot across the sky towards the mountains perfectly even with each other. The lights then merged into each other and became one light just for a second, then they seperated again away from each other like the top of this Y. They then rapidly disappeared. The obects appeared to be as high as the jets at 30000 feet(there was one not far away). I know for a fact it wasn't a shooting star, there was no tail, it moved at least 10 times faster than a jet, It wasnt a sattelite.I am a masters educated ma who has always been a skeptic until now!;33.6719;-116.3032
