Glowing spheres in thunder storms.;2012-02-01 14:30:00;5 minutes;Glowing spheres in thunder storms. I just wanted to share with you what I witnessed today February 1, 2012 . I work construction and I am currently on a job in the small town of Smackover  Arkansas. We have built a tower for a large vessel which is about 125' tall. I am the safety manager for the site and we had a computer radar showing a fast approaching thunder storm, as part of my job I had to make sure that crane booms where secure and workers on the tower were aware of the severe weather that was coming.  I also had to climb to the top of the tower to make sure all materials were secured from the wind.  Knowing I would have to go to the top of the tower and that the terrain in south Arkansas is very flat I took my binoculars (12 x 25) so I could watch the storm moving in. As I was looking to the west at the storm I noticed what appeared to be a reddish but almost pink in color, round object about 1-1/2 to 2 miles away but only about 500' above the ground.  My first thought was, what would ! a plane be doing flying in a severe thunder storm, but the orb was not blinking it was steady and unchanging and I new it could not be a plane.  It was moving at the same speed and direction with the storm.  After watching it for just a matter of seconds I saw another one of the same size shape and color about 500'  directly above the first one.  I tried to looking for them without my binoculars and could not see them, I did this several times. I was able to track them for about two minutes but only with the aid of the binoculars. I had a good steady rest so I could focus in pretty good.  The light was not a shining type but just a bright glow with what looked like a dark spot in the center of the round orb.  I eventually lost track of them when I had to come down due to the rain and lightning.  The size I can only guess to be no more the 3 to 5 feet in diameter at that distance since I could not see them with just eye sight alone. They stayed exactly one above the other the whol! e time as if they were under control, because I could see wind! sheer i n the storm clouds. I guess what puzzles me the most is the color and glow, I have never seen anything like it. I listen to Coast to Coast all the time and I figure if anyone has knowledge or might have heard of these types of orbs you would. Thanks in advance.;33.3371;-92.7455
