Sea Isle City UFO;2003-07-02 03:00:00;5 seconds;Sea Isle City UFO I am a police officer and have been for 9 years.  I have a masters degree in criminal justice and am working on my Ph.D.  I am quit sane as my job demands.   While on patrol on the above date and time,  I was driving down the Promanade (boardwalk but cement) with my headlights off.  I stopped the car and was looking out onto the beach as we have a curfew.   Then all of the sudden, about 2-3 miles off the coast I saw a round, glowing oval shaped object which looked to be half the size that the moon appears to be when it is full on a clear night, shoot up out of the water and hover over the ocean.  The color of the object then changed from glowing yellow to glowing white and shoot straight up and out of sight.   I could hear a hissing sound somewhat like when you put a hot frying pan under cold water.;39.154;-74.7055
Lighted Sphere over ocean at Sea Isle City, NJ;2007-11-06 17:10:00;25-30 seconds;Lighted Sphere over ocean at Sea Isle City, NJ My wife and I were sitting in our ocean front condo watching the 5 o'clock news on TV, when we looked out of our 6 foot picture window at the ocean and saw the following:   A large sphere appeared about 3 miles out at sea at an angle of 45 degrees, high up off the water. The  sky was clear around the object with dark clouds on the horizon. The object was of a large glowing white sphere shape.  As we looked, the middle main lights of the object stood still while it was turning and spinning lights around its edges.  I would say that its edges were shining and spitting somewhat like a 4th of July sparkler would be shooting/sending out lights.  After we watched for about 25 to 30 seconds, all the lights went out at once and the object disappeared before our eyes.   I made a quick grab for my binoculars and looked around the entire clear sky but could not find any dark object whatsoever.  This object never moved from that spot nor made a sound (that we could hear) while we watched. We have lived in this same condo unit for 19 years and have seen many planes and helicopters fly over the water every day and night, but we have never seen another object like what we saw on this night.  Two days later we told our neighbor and he replied saying that we were the second people to tell him about seeing this object on that same date - November 6, 2007. I am a college graduate and 76 years old. ((NUFORC Note:  We have invited the witness to contact the other observers, and have them submit a report, as well.  Also, we have recommended that he perform triangulation from the two locations of both sets of observers, and calculate the distance to the object.  PD));39.154;-74.7055
