Multiple crafts videoed flying over Cape Cod Bay at night.;2019-09-27 21:54:00;30 minutes;Multiple crafts videoed flying over Cape Cod Bay at night. I saw a strange plane or craft flying low over trees on the outer cape in the town of Eastham.  I proceeded to Cape Cod Bay to check on the direction of craft and if it was a plane.  The craft flew out of my sight but I noticed many other lights (crafts? Orbs ? ) flying over the tip on Race Point in Province Town.   This event lasted for a long while.  I filmed the lights from a tripod with my DSLR for a couple minutes.  Amazing light show.  They dipped and flew across Cape Cod Bay at very low altitudes just skimming the water.  The footage is from a distance but the crafts are clearly visible as it was a very clear night.  Very Strange.;41.7756;-69.983
Erratic Object in the Sky Cape Cod, Mass.;2019-10-23 20:00:00;15-20 seconds;Erratic Object in the Sky Cape Cod, Mass. First of all I wasn't going to report this, but figured it may be of value if anyone else may have seen it. I was looking up at the sky around 8pm (20:00) in an open area with little light pollution. Due to this the sky was clear and the stars were very visible. I noticed the object moving across the sky from east to west at a very high speed. It was a small white bright light. I initially thought it was a shooting star until the object made a sharp 90 degree turn and began heading south. It continued on this track for a short period of time before it did a full somewhat drawn out circle and then continued off west until it disappeared/I lost sight. There was a near by plane for scale that was much larger than the object and moving at a much much slower speed. The object was smaller than the stars around it and appeared to be a little smaller then the plane in the distance, but was much higher in the sky than the plane. It was too far away to make out a shap! e, but looked like a bright glowing sphere. Once again this object was moving very fast and was very erratic. Wanted to submit this incase anyone else may have seen it. Not sure what I saw, but it was certainly a very strange/interesting experience.;41.7756;-69.983
