Montauk Mystery Lights;1999-08-15 23:00:00;15 min.;Montauk Mystery Lights Gadzooks!! What are those things!? I'm standind in a field over the beach in Montauk where I had camped for the night. It's approximately 11:00 PM, I'm tending the fire, after just having finished dinner . Now, I'm staring at two, very large,  golden, circular orbs at low altitude over the water. Like giant goofballs over the ocean.  Heck, I just got into the beer, I thought--can't be that. They were the brightest lights I'd ever seen, yet they didn't really exude much light,  they more like retracted it. No glare, there should've been a trail of light five  miles long on the water surface. After five minutes, they kind of flickered out, only to reappear in the same spot ten minutes later. I estimate they stayed on for another ten minutes, then went out for good.  Couldn't have been giant flares, flares would be fired at a high altitude,  then streak down gradually, and give off alot of glare on water. Later, I found that someone had seen the exact same thing in Montauk, only a couple of months before I did. This can be looked up in the archives section at <http://www.((html deleted))> I also found these orbs reported in a UFO magazine as being seen in Phoenix, AZ, and associated with the Phoenix Lights. The truth is out there somewhere, and I want to believe, because I know what I saw, and I know that it is stranger than fiction...............…;41.0468;-71.9396
Bright red/orange disc seen moving silently over Atlantic Ocean from East to West on dark summer night.;2008-08-31 23:15:00;5 minutes;Bright red/orange disc seen moving silently over Atlantic Ocean from East to West on dark summer night. At approximately 11:15 PM my wife was looking South from our vacation cottage in Montauk, out over the ocean, and observed a large orb, about the size of a full harvest moon, colored bright red/orange, moving slowly and steadily from East to West, in complete silence, on a straight unwavering trajectory.   She called me over and I observed it, too.  She describes it as looking firey although I thought it looked more like a bright disc.  There did not appear to be any other structure.   We watched it for about five minutes as it passed out of view.   At about 10 minutes later we observed either the same object, or an identical one, pass again from East to West and out of view.   We called the East Hampton Police Dept. and the U.S. Coast Guard neither had any similar report.   The next morning we spoke to the motel manager she said she had seen a similar object at about 8:00 PM that evening, and thought it was a hot-air balloon.   I do not believe that is what it was, as you would have seen bursts of flame, and heard something, and why would a hot-air balloon be floating over the Atlantic Ocean at 11:00 PM?;41.0468;-71.9396
