Came out of restaurant on south Edison in Montauk, ny.  My husband went to get our car when I happened to look up in the sky and saw an;2011-08-31 21:05:00;3 mins;Came out of restaurant on south Edison in Montauk, ny.  My husband went to get our car when I happened to look up in the sky and saw an orange, glowing object traveling in a north-easterly direction.    Four other bystanders noticed it with me and first description everyone made was that it was on fire.   Seemed to be moving extremely fast and then disappeared into the night sky up towards the east.   Never witnessed anything like that before.;41.0468;-71.9396
Undulating ball of fire over Montauk that went high and disappeared, 5 minutes later a 2nd one appeared and did the same thing.;2011-08-31 22:00:00;30-45 seconds;Undulating ball of fire over Montauk that went high and disappeared, 5 minutes later a 2nd one appeared and did the same thing. We saw a round ball of fire, the shape and movement reminded me of a jellyfish, undulating in the sky. It went higher and higher and disappeared.  About 5 minutes later we saw another one exactly the same.;41.0468;-71.9396
Orangish glowing object rose above shore to high altitude and then sped away.;2014-07-18 23:20:00;~1 minute;Orangish glowing object rose above shore to high altitude and then sped away I am a US citizen but reside currently most of the year in São Paulo, Brazil.  My wife and I are in New York State visiting my family and have been vacationing several days by the beach in Montauk, NY, out near the tip of Long Island. This is a pretty clear and starry night so after the kids went to sleep we went out on the patio of the room we are renting and did some stargazing.  At approximately 11:20pm or so (we did not look at the time so this estimate is give or take 5-10 mins.), just as we were turning to go inside my wife shouted for me to look.  Looking to the SW we saw what appeared to be a bright orangish fireball rising slowly up into the sky.  There was no sound from the object that we could detect although it seemed to be close, perhaps a couple of hundred yards away at the most.  It then seemed to gain speed and ascend quite high into the atmosphere and began to head NE at what then seemed to be quite a high speed, as it disappeared from view in less than a minute.  We were awestruck especially since it moved so fast and yet made no sound. Our room is at the ((name deleted)) Resort in Montauk, which is right on the beach.  Our view from where we stood, looking in the direction of the location from which the object seemingly began to rise above the ground (or ocean?) was partially obscured by the building, to the extent that we did not catch view of the object until it had already (at first very slowly) risen to a height of what appeared to be 50 feet or more.  At first we both wondered if it could be some kind of object on fire being carried up by a balloon, but this did not seem to be a possibility once the glowing light rose up very high and then began traveling away from us at what seemed to be a very high speed. Please note that I will not be available at the phone number provided below until Aug. 1, however I can be reached by email prior to that date.  Thanks.;41.0468;-71.9396
