Cigar shaped object seen near Lake of the Ozarks, MO;2002-01-02 17:30:00;10 minutes;Cigar shaped object seen near Lake of the Ozarks, MO My friend ((name #1 deleted)) first saw the object in the sky.  What was viewable at the time was only a bright light, about half the size of the moon or twice the size of Venus & larger than most plane & helicopter lights I've seen.  After rounding the corner I was looking for the object & I saw it again, hovering about the trees over an area where there are boat garages & little else, near the Osage Beach City Hall, & across from Lake of the Ozarks General Hospital.  It looked to be approximately the size of a large jet airliner & was very low & appeared to be ready to land.  It didn't appear to have wings & had two blue lights in the back underneath it, then two other clear lights & two red lights toward the front, & of course the extremely bright head light.  We continued on down the road but were a bit shaken up by what we'd seen.  I expect to hear an explosion or something because I thought it was a jet plane that was about to crash, but I didn't hear or see any explosion or anything else.  We continued on to our friend ((name #2 deleted)) house, but she wasn't home so we turned back around & went back to the area just below where we had saw the object.  There was nothing to indicate that anything had landed or anything else.  We also looked at the nearby Lake of the Ozarks General Hospital, but the helicopter there appeared to have not been used recently & still had tarps over the propeller blades.  (The object I saw was larger than a helicopter anyhow, but I wanted to rule out the possibility of it having been the helicopter, just in case)  We continued on to our friend ((name #3 deleted)) house & left around 7 pm.  (19:00 hours)  We went back over to check & see if ((name #2 deleted)) was home yet, but before we did so we checked out the area where we had seen the object again, but still saw nothing.  We continued on all the way down the road & then turned around when it was obvious we weren't going to find anything.  ((name #2 deleted)) still wasn't home when we went back to her house so we continued on to my home.;38.1385904545455;-92.6654090909086
