low, slow moving Triangular shaped craft with lights on pionts of triangle and one in center on bottom sighted;1995-08-25 09:15:00;4 to 5 minutes;Low, slow moving Triangular shaped craft with lights on pionts of triangle and one in center on bottom sighted In late August of 1995 while driving on route 16 northbound out of Olean, NY, I and my children saw what at first appeared to be three lights moving very slowly in a triangular fashion.  As it came closer to our position, it was moving west to east, I realized that the lights were all part of one craft which was triangular in shape and a fourth light underneath became visible as well. When it was nearly overhead I pulled my van over and got out, much to the dismay of my children and a friend who was following behind, she kept screaming to get back in my car but I couldn’t I just could not believe my eyes.  The craft seemed to then hover directly over my position and I was looking directly up at the middle light which glowed a yellow reddish tone while the outer lights where more a blue white tone.  They didn’t flash or blink, nor was there any detectable noise though the huge craft was maybe 100 feet above me. The craft measured approximately 60 to 70 foot across (front being decided by the direction of motion) and was dark in color.  It was just after dusk so to be able to distinguish whether it was dark blue, grey or what, I only know it was a dark color with three lights around the perimeter at its triangular points and one underneath. The whole incident took nearly 4 minutes and I got the feeling we were also being scrutinized by the craft’s occupants as we were doing the same to them.  Then the head lights of a third vehicle flashed behind me my gaze went to the oncoming car then quickly back to the craft.  Then without any sound which was audible the craft rapidly accelerated until it was a mere flash, in a split second it was gone moving eastbound at a rate of acceleration impossible for any known craft to do going from a stopped hover to a speed at which the lights began to blur as the craft raced off to the east. I have not reported this incident until now as I know people will think I am nuts but I am a Licensed Practical Nurse by profession and trained to observe and report, though this incident is permanently etched into my memory.   The other driver, the friend who was following is afraid and refuses to report the incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.0804000000003;-78.4233999999997
Wispy clouds then triangle shaped craft.;2014-02-23 19:32:00;1-2 minutes;Whispy clouds then triangle shaped craft. This sighting occurred about a half hour ago.  At 7:32 pm.   I was out taking my two dogs to go to the bathroom.  I was standing in front of my neighbors house, waiting for my 2 dogs to do their business, and I was just looking around.  I noticed a very strange looking whispy cloud that was a shallow u shape elongated west to east.  With the tops of the u being in each direction.  While studying the cloud I noticed some kind of movement.  As I tried to look at what was moving it was very hard to make out.  I had to look slightly off to one side, or the other of the object to make it out better.  It was a v shape.  It was moving from east going west across the sky.  Moving from where the cloud was, away from it.  It almost appeared to have a series of either lights, or reflections going the whole width and length of the v. the v seemed to be skinny almost just like the letter v.  except the v would be flatted,  At a shallow angle.  It appeared slightly grey in color, although this could have been due to the very dim lights, or reflections coming from it.  As it moved from me I noticed two airplanes flying quite close.  One looked like it would almost intersect with it. Although the plane was at a higher elevation.  The craft seemed to be very big and move just slightly faster than an airplane. Its hard to say what elevation it was at. But it was maybe just a little higher than a lot of smaller personal aircraft fly.  As it flew I didn’t hear any noise from the craft/object.  As it moved father from me it got harder to see.  As if you could only really see it from a certain angle.  After it went behind a telephone or electrical cable, I lost it. It was very hard to see in the first place, and after my view got obstructed from the object I couldn’t find it again.  At that time though it was getting farther away and almost disappeared anyway.  It seemed the best way to view the object would have been from directly beneath it.  The object flew south of my viewing location by quite a few miles.  It may have been direc! tly over the town of Knapp creek ny.  Or somewhere else on rocky city hill.  And it would have been flying toward a path that would have taken it over top of Limestone, NY.  It could have been closer than this.  I can't really say, but if it was closer than it wasn't any closer to me than maybe 2 1/2- 3 miles.   That is my account as best as I can describe it.  I would like to add that I had a feeling the craft/object was most likely a governmental craft, and not something other worldly.  I would also say it being an other dimensional craft would feel right to me as well.   If you have any other questions for me, please do not hesitate to call.;42.0804000000003;-78.4233999999997
