Bright white light, in the sky and has stayed in the same area of the sky for 6 hours.;2015-05-24 23:00:00;6 hours;Bright white light, in the sky and has stayed in the same area of the sky for 6 hours. At approximately 11:00 at night I went out to smoke on my front porch and saw a floating light in the sky, it laid North-West from where i was sitting.  I of course didn’t think much of it, because of where I live I am used to helicopters checking the area for Marijuana in the hills.  I simply just went inside after thinking that it was nothing.  An hour later I still saw the same light floating, this time i was a bit worried, so i grabbed my whole pack and started to watch this thing in the sky.  I sat for 6 hours as the same light move at breakneck speeds, and move in directions that were in a zigzag formation, (it moved in other formations as-well, but that what the most significant one, along with circular.) the object also had blue and red flashing lights from time to time, but remained a bright white for the most part. The object has never come down once since i’ve started watching it.  I also heard a distinct noise from it.  It was like hearing a generator from a distance. but the object should of been too high in the sky for me to have heard it. I have been waiting for this object to land and refuel, because i thought it was just a helicopter.  But i know for a fact that regulation and the semi-above average fuel tank can allow a helicopter to stay in the sky for 5 hours.  I’ve went inside now because of a wheezing, high pitched, laugh-like noise i heard not to far away. (the noise i heard could have been to no relation to this situation, but it might have.) I’ve been peeking through my window, it is still there.;39.522;-80.3552
Light travels fast then stops;2020-09-04 13:00:00;1 minutes;Light travels fast then stops I went out to let my dogs out and i saw this light moving across the sky .  Was'nt a plane , could have been a sat.  I see these things all the time  . All's you have to do is look up .  I've  seen things in the past that were strange , such as , a light that would travel many miles then stop , then again it would travel a ways then stop again .  This was seen by me and my son one night .;39.522;-80.3552
