In June, 1973 myself and 6 others watched a huge, silent, metallic disk hover over my house.;1973-06-15 21:30:00;20 minutes;In June, 1973 myself and 6 others watched a huge, silent, metallic disk hover over my house. While observing the planet Jupiter through a telescope that night, I noticed a very tiny pink dot twinkling right next to the planet.   My sister-in-law was visiting and we were out in the back yard checking out the planets and stars.  I told her to look at that little star next to Jupiter.  It had not been there on my last turn to look through the scope. We took turns observing it when all of a sudden it started moving and I exclaimed,  It's not a star, it's moving.  It must be a plane but I have never seen a plane that high up in the sky.   She took her turn to look and the thing was moving fast.    We shortly could see it quite clearly without the scope and we stood out in the yard with our heads up to the sky watching this thing zoom through the sky.  Some of my neighbors noticed this and heard us and came out to see what the commotion was all about.  It kept getting bigger and bigger and came right over my house and hovered.  It never made a sound but it was huge. I had a 4-bedroom ranch house and the thing was as big as the house.  We all stood there awestruck, no one saying a word, when I finally said what the hell is it?   One of my neighbors was an older man and he said, I was in the Coast Guard for 25 years and all I know is it's nothing of ours. \ I ran into the house and called information to get the number to Scott Air Force Base.  I called them and a man answered.  I told him everything. I asked him if anyone else had reported this and he said Hey, lady. What are you drinking?   I told him I wasn't drinking, that there were 6 other people besides myself who were with me and I didn't care if he believed me or not.  He said, Calm down, lady, calm down.  We have had lots of reports tonight but we don't know what it is. We're checking it out.  There is nothing from Scott Air Base that fits that description.   He then proceeded to take my name, address, phone #, etc. and said that someone would be contacting me.  No one ever did call or contact me in any way.  I slammed down the phone and ran back outside to join the others.  The thing was still there.  It was huge, had a domed top and windows (I guess) all around because we could see light coming from the inside.  It looked metallic against the night sky.  It just sat there hovering, not making a sound and finally started to move slowly away and then instantly (like woosh) shot off and disappeared.  After it was over we just milled around, talking.   We were just shocked.  It was an awesome, unforgettable experience.  I have asked myself a thousand times why no one thought to go get a camera.  To tell you the truth, I didn't even think about a camera that night. I don't think anyone else did either. We all just stood staring at that thing and there wasn't a sound out of anyone until I wondered out loud, what the hell is it?   My husband and children and I moved into the Westglen Woods subdivision in December, 1970. It was a brand new area of new homes. We lived at ((address deleted)) Drive. There were no large trees to block our view, just open sky. It was a warm night, clear night. Houses were on 1/3 of an acre. My children were sleeping and my husband was out with a group of his friends at a local school gym where they played volleyball.I was 28 years old at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD));38.5851121212121;-90.5283632996633
