A delta shaped craft slowing moving within a few miles of downtown St. Louis, Mo.  Within hours of a similar craft reported by police.;2000-01-04 23:35:00;5 minutes;A delta shaped craft slowing moving within a few miles of downtown St. Louis, Mo.  Within hours of a similar craft reported by police. I was smoking a cigarette outside a friends house in Dupo, IL at 11:35 pm. I normally look at the sky and watch planes in route to Parks air field and Lambert International Airport (These are usually much higher altitude).  While looking to the north I followed some lights I thought were a plane. Will I watched I noticed there was no beacon (I was able to see beacons on other planes flying in the sky).  The crafts lights were also much bigger than any I had ever seen on a plane, and in an unusual delta ( compared to the other high flying jets that night).  My distance from the craft was hard to judge, but I would say about 3/4 to 1 mile and about 500 to 750 in altitude. The craft appeared to be banking to the north toward downtown St. Louis on it's slow journey (the slowness also set this craft apart). It seemed to be as slow as a blimp but much more stable in its route (I had seen many blimps use Parks Airfield on other occassions).  I finished my cigarette and went back inside.  I did not mention this to anyone inside because I thought they would think I was crazy.  I went home about 15 minutes later to meet another friend and told him the story.  I heard about the police officers on the news the next few days, who had seen something similar, but they saw it about four and a half hours later.  I tried to find someone to report this to but gave up quickly.  Last night (Nov. 30, 2000) I saw a Dicovery Channel presentation about the police accounts.  The computer rendition of the one officers craft sent a chill up my spine.  I woke my wife up to show her that what the officer had seen that night was almost exactly like what I saw.  I just wonder why no one else saw it earlier.  I do not know what it was but I know it was nothing I had ever seen before.;38.5171;-90.204
