Broad Daylight Flying Saucer;2000-10-12 15:00:00;30 seconds;Broad Daylight Flying Saucer I live in a rural area. The closest town to my home is about 15 miles away. My mother and I were returning home from a trip to town one day. I'll never forget the date. It was Thursday, October 12, 2000. The day before Friday the 13th. We were in our old station wagon. It was a nice and sunny day. We had gotten behind a big rig. It was quite a ways ahead of us. It reached the place where it was to turn off at. It was a left turn and was having to wait for oncoming traffic to pass. I started to slow down and noticed light reflecting in my eyes. For a second, I thought it was the crack in my windshield. It wasn't. We didn't see a u.f.o. It was plain as day. Up in the sky, about 500 feet away, was a flying saucer. Just like the movies. It was solid silver, metallic, and was reflecting the sunlight nicely. It was hovering above the trees, not moving. We couldn't see any windows or anything like that. I don't know if it made any sound or not because of my car engine. It was shaped like two metal pie plates stuck together. It was solid silver. After watching it for about half a minute, it was gone. It didn't fly off. It just vanished. It wasn't a plane, helicopter, blimp or anything like that. We could SEE it. I've seen several odd things in the sky since I've moved here, but nothing like this. I think that the government tests experimental aircraft around these parts. There are just too many odd lights in the night sky. Well, sorry to have wrote so much. I just wanted to share this. Thanks;36.4631;-81.8171
Witness reports that he was stopped at a traffic light on Hwy 421 in Mountain City, Tn. this morning. As he waited for the light to cha;2007-01-02 07:25:00;3 minutes;Witness reports that he was stopped at a traffic light on Hwy 421 in Mountain City, Tn. this morning.  As he waited for the light to change, he saw what he described as an elongated disc shaped object  well beyond the light and below broken clouds.  His first thoughts were that it was  either a blimp or something dangling from the wires.  The object slowly wobbled across the sky in a straight path.   He also stated that the object was relative to the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length, featureless and whitish-silver in color. A secondary witness in a vehicle beside him rolled down his window and yelled what the (expletive) is that?.  As the reporting witness rolled down his window to answer, the object disappeared from sight.  Neither witness saw the object disappear but note it was gone in mere seconds.;36.4631;-81.8171
