1993 Diamond Shaped Outside of Seymour, IN near Rockford, IN;1993-06-01 22:00:00;10;1993 Diamond Shaped Outside of Seymour, IN, near Rockford, IN. In the summer of 1993 me and two friends witnessed a diamond shaped UFO.  Matt was driving, Joe was in the front seat and I (Jason) was in the backseat of the Chevette.  Matt was taking me home so we had to drive through Rockford. It was evening and we weren’t on DST back then. It was about 9:30pm-10:30pm when this occurred. Basically I was in the middle of telling them about some orange glowing balls I had, at the time, saw for the last few weeks before when this occurred, which really was strange timing, but unrelated. We were rounding the curve just outside of Rockford when I noticed a bright light just over Madden Hill. I convinced Matt to stop the car just about 300-400 feet (maybe more) from the curve. We watched in awe as the light turned into two lights, and then three...and then we all got out of the car. It was amazing because it wasn’t like the lights I had seen previously. The lights slowly kept multiplying, at the time we didn’t realize it was the object moving toward us, and the shape of the object became apparent as a diamond. There was moon light that night and I remember other cars pulling over to watch too. The object didn’t make a sound. It had eight lights on it and the lights were staggered evenly. The tip of the object had a light and the rear tip did too.  The other lights were on the edges and seemed to be placed halfway between the center points of the diamond shape. The object was very black and contrasted against the deep glowing blue sky. It flew parallel with old highway 11 and continued on toward town. We all watched it until it couldn’t be seen anymore. At the time I couldn’t believe how close it seemed, but looking back it must have been really big because of how much of the sky it actually blocked out and how far we watched it travel. I would really like to connect with anybody else that stopped and watched it that evening. There were at least 6 other cars that pulled over and watched. I know there was a red and white truck that was about 100 foot from us pointing in the opposite direction that had stopped and the people got out and watched. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));38.9582;-85.8874999999999
