Large UFO with four red lights appears to do something inexplicable to the power grid in Dallas.;2002-12-31 20:30:00;5 min or 1 hr inc after-e;Large UFO with four red lights appears to do something inexplicable to the power grid in Dallas. I have wanted to report this sighting for a long time, but could not confirm the exact date until recently.  There were multiple witnesses (some very close) and physical effects (power grid disturbance). My girlfriend asked me to follow her to pick up the kids.  She didn't say why.  They were at a friend's 13th birthday party on New Year's Eve.  At a high point near White Rock Lake where the downtown skyline could be seen she pulled up beside my car, rolled down her window, pointed to downtown and asked, “WHAT IS THAT?”  Above the neon green-lit 72-story Bank of America Plaza building, a huge object, chevron or disk-shaped with four very large red lights visible around the base which were pulsating in a strangely synchronized but unpredictable way, appeared to be almost parked on the roof.  Maybe 100 feet above it.  It was larger than the top of that skyscraper.I said “I have no idea”. I wanted to stay and observe but she said, “Come on we've got to get the kids now!” and took off.  I followed, glancing at the object any chance I got visibility on the way. When we arrived the object was gone but the kids ran full speed to me saying“ (name deleted)  WE SAW A UFO!  WE SAW A UFO!”.  They were so excited that they were tugging on my clothes.  I asked, “Where was it?” They said, “RIGHT THERE!”, pointing above a large live oak in the front yard. I asked them how big it was and they said “BIG!”.  I asked what shape it was, but they couldn't say for sure because it was so close that it was partially obscured by the huge live oak tree.  They said it had red lights around the bottom. It turned out that the reason we were picking them up early was because they were terrified by this object.  When I went in to talk to the homeowner he said that he also saw it briefly.  He said “Follow me I want to show you something”.  He pointed in both directions up and down the street and said “Look at the lights.”  All the street lamps and porch lights were a very dim, faint yellow in both directions as far as I could see.  I had never before seen anything quite like this.  It looked like all the light bulbs had been replaced by tiny yellow candles inside.  It was as though 95% of all available power had been sucked out of the grid, leaving only a tiny trickle.  Clear cloud-free night.  I hadn't noticed this in all the excitement when we first pulled up. He said, “Let me show you something else”.  I followed him back inside and he tried to turn on his TV, but the power was so weak that it wouldn't come on.  Same thing with the stereo, although the inside lights and lamps were lit, seemingly by tiny candles. I asked “How long has it been like this?”  He said, “Ever since the kids ran in screaming about the UFO”. That's about it.  The next day (New Year's Day), my friend said that the power returned to normal perhaps an hour or two after we left. I found a match for this object when I ran across this video from Turkey:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSNViG1HoX8. At the very end you can see an object racing off over the water near dawn and it has the exact same four red lights! Same object with no doubt. Starting at 3:13 into the 3:58 video.;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
20:05 hrs., Dallas, TX , wedge shaped object passing approximately 150 feet above house, moving NW to SE at approx 15 mph.;2008-12-05 20:05:00;2 minutes;20:05 hrs., Dallas, TX, wedge shaped object passing approximately 150 feet above house, moving NW to SE at approx 15 mph. At exactly 20:05 hours on the evening of December 5th, 2008, I was in my back yard walking my dogs along with family cats.  Only lights on was backdoor light.  Dogs were running around yard as usual.  What drew my attention to object I witnessed, was one of my cats, who would normally stay distance from me, ran towards me and stopped right by my right leg.  She sat down and was looking up over the roof of house.  I looked at the cat, thinking she was probably just looking at plane lights or maybe a bird so something.  She kept looking, so then I looked up to see what she was seeing. What I believed I saw at first, was a mass of bird flying over, and more than likely geese, since the formation was sort of looked liked a shape of geese migrating.  But then reality hit me.  It was moving at approximately 10 to 20 mph, almost parallel to my street, but when I focused on it, I then could see, that it had mass, and structure of a wedge shape.  It was close enough that I could get a base size from comparing it to the roof of my home.  The overall length was approximately 100 to 150 feet long, and height was approximately 7 to 10 feet, and it was only 100 to 200 feet from the ground.  I was looking at the right lower quarter, from bow to stern.  There weren’t any lights or any sound what-so-ever emitting from the craft. The right side was visible because of the lights of homes and a few street lights carried to that height.  I also had a small private aircraft flying at one to two thousand feet at about 2 miles southwest of our location, so I could get some variable and we have high pecan trees which also gave me some comparison to height from the ground. What was apparent, the side wasn’t a smooth surface.  I say this because you could see dark and then somewhat lighter shades.  This to me could have been either two assumptions:  1.  The surface was painted, as we do some of our military aircraft, so it will blend in with the sky (clouds lighter and darker) or 2.  the surface had angles on it which would show lighter for the parts protruding out and dark for the area that was indented. This is similar to our stealth aircraft for displacing radar.  The light of homes and street lights were barely hitting the surface of the object but it was enough to make out the details. I yelled at my wife, who was inside.  When she came out, the object had only moved ¼ of our block down the street.  I tried to have her follow my arm movement to look down the length of it to be able to see it.  By the time she was in sync with my movement the craft had gained some altitude and was moving away.  The rear of the craft seemed sort of blunt, not the shape appendage you would expect from a tails of an airplane.  It then moved away out of sight, not at an accelerated rate but at a constant speed. My background is journalism.  I’ve spent over 6 years on U.S. Navy aircraft carriers and 6 years on Navy Air Stations, documenting Navy fighters and bombers in flight.  I also was piloting Cessna 150 and 172 aircraft years ago when I started pilot training, so I’m used to aircraft design, determining what you visually see before me in order to navigate and anything associated with flight.  And being a photo journalist I’m very good when it comes to attention to detail.  I wasn’t mentally rattled and didn’t lose my composure but the event left me with allot of questions.   A male friend of my wife at her work, who lives in north Dallas County saw something similar, same design, but with more than one object just a few months ago.;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
