Saw strange lights above high clouds from an American Airlines flight into Dallas Ft Worth;1997-11-14 18:35:00;35-45 minutes;Summary : Saw strange lights above high clouds from an American Airlines flight into Dallas-Ft Worth I am writing you because of something I saw (along with a friend) while flying into Dallas Friday evening.  The more I have thought about this the more I knew I should write down what I saw.    I was flying from Seattle to Dallas on Flight 18 Friday Nov. 14th.  At about 6:35-6:45 P.M. Dallas time, about a half hour out of Dallas/Ft Worth we were high above thick cloud cover.  There was a full moon out and the clarity above the clouds was good.  As we looked out ahead and to the east (port side of the aircraft),  I noticed few lights out ahead of us.  I presumed they were other aircraft coming right at us since the lights did not blink like wing lights but as the head lights do at times.  There were two such lights and they looked far off but being at night it was hard to tell just how far.  I watched for a long time watching other aircraft with blinking strobe lights passing in various directions.  These lights (the identifiable aircraft with blinkers) were much smaller in size to the constant lights.  What started to seem strange was the fact that the original two lights which were constant began to appear to be closer the nearer we flew, not farther apart as it should be is! we were approaching them.  Also what seemed strange was the fact that at no point did there appear any other lights such as a green (starboard) or red (port) lights with these two constant lights.  I watched intently as I saw a normally lit and identifiable aircraft fly perpendicular to the main light on my left that I had been watching.  The identifiable aircraft approached extremely close and behind this light.  The light was not a distant star or light on a hill or a beacon as my mind raced to start to explain what I was seeing.    The time span now is maybe 15 full minutes of watching these lights. We were approaching these lights which was apparent since the lights were now directly to the port side of the aircraft and no longer in front of us.  As we continued on, and our approach to Dallas caused as to slightly alter our approach, these lights became directly to port from us and even closer and seemed to rise higher above the cloud layer than before. I had mentioned the lights to my companion several times since I first spotted them when I had described them first as two aircraft with their  headlights on.  At this point I saw a third light low in the cloud cover below these two lights.  This third light was hazy as if slightly in the clouds and also seemed larger and closer to us.  It had shape to it, almost like it was like a soft cube shape (a cube with rounded corners and puffed up sides.  It was not just light). I was seriously questioning that these lights were anything I had seen before.  I had made! several comments to my friend trying to explain what I was seeing since I knew they were not aircraft like these have to be beacon lights or maybe they are power lines always to be followed by, but we are too high for that.   I said to my companion that she should look at the lights. Right about then, I leaned back as we passed the lights.  My companion leaned over me and looked now back slightly aft and to port through the windows and said to me You mean those lights that look like a triangle?.  I looked out the window again and now saw that indeed there was three distinct lights, not blinking above the cloud cover in a triangle formation.  The third light had indeed come out and was well above the clouds.    As we continued to move towards Dallas and begin our decent, the lights remained in a triangle formation eventhough we continued make a left turn towards the Dallas/Ft Worth airport. In other words, even thought they were in a triangular formation while we looked at them to port, they remained in a triangular formation as we viewed them to aft.   Within a few minutes we were descending into the clouds and I lost sight of the lights.   I have thought a lot about what I saw and discussed it with my companion who also saw them.  These were stationary lights at our altitude during normal flight approach about 35-45 mins out of Dallas or slightly higher (with the exception to the third light) which would put them at  least 25-35K feet.  The lights were stationary since while we approached they were in front, as we continued they were to the port and then aft of us as we passed.  There were initially two constant lights very far apart when first viewed and only slightly brighter and very much closer to each other 30 minutes later when joined by the third light from the clouds. the lights did not seem to move but were stationary though they must have moved since they were closer to each other after viewing them for 30 minutes than at first.   I am a 42 yr old businessman in Seattle (your town).  I work as a real estate broker.  I was a concert promoter for many many years and have flown hundreds of thousands of miles.  I have a good grasp of astronomy and can identify the moons of Jupiter with my binoculars and Venus along with my favorite constellations.  I grew up with a pilot as y best friend and have logged hundreds of right seat flying in small aircraft so I have an appreciation for what aircraft look like at night and during the day.  Though I do listen to Art Bell and have read many books on Roswell and a few about other UFO's, I am not a believer.  I am a curious observer.  With thousands of hours of staring at the skies, of flying all over this country many times over during night and day, I have never seen anything that wasn't identifiable, at least after 5-10 minutes of viewing.  These objects were viewed by me for nearly 45 minutes non-stop and I have no explanation that meets any test I put to it.  I have replayed the tape in my head over and over.  I keep seeing the aircraft passing behind the main left light.  I keep seeing the two lights far apart and them seeing the triangle shape after the appearance of the third.  I see the third boxy light shrouded ion the clouds then see it clearly in view above the clouds.  These objects had to be moving, but in such a way that they seemed stationary. There were no additional lights associated with these white lights. there were no strobes with these lights.  While other aircraft came and went from Dallas and appeared across the sky, these lights seemed to sit still.    I had to finally admit I saw something strange and unexplainable with my resources. I guess in a way, I wanted to live in denial that I saw anything weird at all, but in the end, had to write this down and send it off as a statement of my very best recollection of what I saw.   My companion is a person who works for the airline, does not wish to be involved but has flown extensively for the last 5 years in her porfession;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
light flickering followed by dark mass at low speed which was gone quickly and quitly;2002-11-22 22:00:00;1-2 seconds;light flickering followed by dark mass at low speed which was gone quickly and quitly I saw a light that flickered in the sky.  The light dimmed as a falling star may.  I think at first I thought it was a falling star.   I kept looking in that spot that the light came from, and it had a mass.  The mass was really deep in contrast to the sky.  The haze from the sky did not match the mass, so it was really out of place.  Especially seeing the light for that one second, then the mass the other second.   The mass was clear, it looked like a submarine, but in terms of size their is no way of telling the proportions.   I feel like I looked up at a time when it was only visible travelling at that speed.  It was gone when I checked again, and there is still no site.  I guess it is something that you have heard before.  I am really into the moon changes, and star constallations, and this is something that was too quiet to be a jet and to fast for making no noise at all.  It was not a aircraft, it was nothing, just a shape of dark contrast that was flying probably around ten thousand feet, making no noise. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
CNN video shows more than just the Space Shuttle Columbia.;2003-02-01 08:00:00;seconds;CNN video shows more than just the Space Shuttle Columbia. While watching the news on CNN Saturday morning about the explosion of the Shuttle Columbia, CNN showed a video of the Shuttle coming in from a front view. In the video the shuttle is coming from the left top hand of the screen downwards towards the right. There was a cloud in front of it with the sun reflecting on it making it glow, all of a sudden from the bottom left hand corner of the screen a dark shaped objects zipped across the sky upwards towards the right hand corner. It was moving quite fast and dissapeared in seconds. My 14 year old son and I looked at each other and both said at the same time What the heck was that? We watched all day long for them to show the particular clip again but the never did. It was very clear to us and are wondering why it was never shown again. Please check into this with CNN and see what you can find out. I emailed them but did not receive a response back. Wondering in Lafayette.  ((name deleted));32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
Two linear groups of maneuvering lights over Dallas, Texas 12/12/04;2004-12-12 20:25:00;5-10 seconds;Two linear groups of maneuvering lights over Dallas, Texas 12/12/04 December 12, 2004 about 2025, North Dallas, Texas  Viewing to the Northwest from the alley behind our house, maybe 20-30 degrees up from the horizon.  Moving West to East, fast.  Two linear groups of dim (practically invisible) lights.  One line of four or five, another of three, spinning and crossing each other's paths.  If they were small and low, they were in the low hundreds of miles per hour.  If they were high, which is how it looked, they were huge and hypersonic. They were already past me when I spotted them, and faded from visibility within maybe five to ten seconds, after which they had covered possibly fifteen or twenty degrees of sky.  There was what appeared to be a more conventionally lit aircraft (though definitely not conventional) moving in roughly the same direction, low and fast, but without noise.  Since it looked more conventional, though, all my attention was on the dim lights.  If the brighter craft was just an airplane, it was unrelated, because I think that the dim lights overtook the path of the brighter, and their paths diverged noticeably.  The brighter one disappeared first.  The lights were very dim, but appeared white.  We are near the Southeast section of the local traffiic area for Addison airport, and there were several planes in the pattern.  None were within a mile of the section of sky that had the strange lights (except for the one mentioned above.)  The sky was crystal clear.  One of the clearest I've seen in Dallas.;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
Saw spaceships scanning the land.;2005-08-15 01:26:00;13 minutes;Saw spaceships scanning the land. Well I was sitting on my balcony reading a book and than i heard a strange sound. It was a sort of buzzing sound so i looked up from my book and saw these spaceships. They were flying like they were scanning the land and in a flash they were gone.;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
Midnight 10/27/08 Dallas,TX. Two formations - semicircular & v-shaped. 1st moved from north to south. 2nd moved from east to west.;2008-10-26 00:00:00;6 min total;Midnight 10/27/08 Dallas,TX. Two formations - semicircular & v-shaped. 1st moved from north to south. 2nd moved from east to west. Starting at 11:53 as I lay on the porch of my four-story townhouse in downtown Dallas. I was looking up at the night sky and I saw a semicircular object moving from north to south. The shape looked like an incomplete circle of lights that was missing about 1 or 2 lights that would have completed the circle. The single lights that made up the incomplete circle were blue-white and circular, and there were probably about 7 of them. It was moving across the sky at about the same speed that a plane would but it was moving in very sudden, subtle movements and it wasn't exactly moving in a straight line. It also seemed like it would stop on a dime and then continue as it was. Also, when I looked at the formation it looked as if I were squinting my eyes and looking at a streetlight (it was blurry), but as I looked at the stars near the formation, I could see them clearly. They continued on their path for about 2-3 minutes until they disappeared on the other side of my roof. After that I saw another formation moving from west to east. This was probably at 12:30-12:45. It was in a V-shape and it wasn't as blurry as the first one. Again it was moving at about the same speed as an airplane. These could have been jets in a very precise formation heading somewhere but it was completely inaudible. This formation seemed to move in more of a straight line but again they had some sudden, subtle movements that lead me to believe that they were not airplanes. There were probably 7 circular white-orange lights with one in the front and even amount of lights on either side of the V. I am the only observer that I know of. I am 14 years old and I go to a private school in Dallas that requires greater than average intelligence. I wasn't fatigued at all as I saw these formations and I've never had any mental hallucinations or anything before. I have experienced floaters (in eye doctor jargon) but I'm sure that the objects I saw were not them. The wind was going from north to south, so they weren't flares if the! y went f rom east to west. To conclude, I have never really strongly believed in aliens or UFO's or anything of the sort, but this seems very extra terrestrial to me.;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
3 crafts with amber lights suddenly appear , then disappear;2010-07-07 20:30:00;10 seconds;3 crafts with amber lights suddenly appear , then disappear Time: between 8 and 9 PM, near dusk, partly cloudy with haze. While working at my computer in a bedroom with its window facing south (also faces the front yard of my house), I heard some strange noises outside the window.  The strange noises sounded as if there were hard droplets, hail, or a large amount of pecans falling onto my roof and sidewalk from trees outside.  Being concerned that a thunderstorm was blowing in, I stood up from the computer and went to the window to look through the blinds to see outside. When I peeked through the blinds, the strange sounds immediately stopped.  I looked into the yard and into the street across the way to see if rain drops or hail were falling.  Not seeing any drops of rain or hail, I then looked out onto the horizon to see if there were any thunderstorm clouds, and immediately saw a series of strange lights directly south approximately 15 degrees on the horizon. At first, the lights appeared to be three landing lights on the front of a large airplane heading north. What was strange about this apparent airplane was that it was banked downward as if it were about to turn to the west, but it did not move from this position.  The lights were all of the same amber color, with the two outermost lights the brightest, the center light more dim.  The craft stayed stationary as if it were parked in the sky at an angle.  The other odd thing about this craft was that it seemed to be extremely large, and located approximately 5 or 6 miles southward near the junction of the Dallas North Tollway and I-35.  An estimate of the size was approximately 300 or 400 feet across (huge). Then, incredibly, another craft of similar proportions (but further in the distance), suddenly appeared to the left of the first craft, and it was banked at a different angle compared to the first craft.  The sudden appearance of the second craft was immediate, as if a light switch or strobe had been turned on.  My immediate thought was that there was some sort of fireworks or laser light show being given near the American Airlines Center near downtown.  Then, incredibly, a third craft, immediately appeared to the right, with the same proportions, but at a different distance than the other two craft.  The third craft was also banked at a different angle compared to the others.  It was difficult to discern whether the crafts were actually moving very slowly, or if they were completely stationary. Then, each craft blinked its lights off and on (the three lights of a craft in unison) as if the crafts were communicating with each other.  The blinking seemed to be in a sequence, as if each craft was a separate ornament on a Christmas tree.  The sequential blinking lasted less than 1 or 2 seconds.  All of the lights disappeared as suddenly as they had appeared, but not at the same time (each craft turned-off at different times). All of the above took place on the order of about 10 seconds.  I have never seen anything like it before. I have been searching the news sites to see if anyone else saw the same lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
DFW airport;2020-01-06 07:00:00;15 seconds;Work in the Irving area, 4th floor, right at dawn, was watching the sun rise and formation of 3 to 4 craft we’re moving fast and low towards DFW airport.  Once they were out of sight, they briefly re-appeared performing large circles flying very fast.  Went for camera but they did not reappear.;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
The Dallas-Fort Worth Lights;2021-01-19 18:40:00;15-20min;The Dallas-Fort Worth Lights We live in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. Around 6:40pm on 1/19/21 my wife and I were driving South on 121 tollway around the I35E intersection. We are used to seeing planes coming in for a landing so seeing lights in the sky is normal. This was abnormal. It was overcast so visibly was lower. We saw 12-15 bright lights that appeared to stay in the same place for about 15-20 minutes as we drove 14 miles. They were not flashing and had no apparent tail lights we could tell. The lights remained bright as we drove even as our point of view changed.;32.8249235517248;-96.8004829559075
