Port Isabel Tx '89 Surreal close encounter with hovering disc.;1989-06-12 17:00:00;10mins;Port Isabel, TX '89  Surreal close encounter with hovering disc. I'm from Port Isabel Tx a small town in the Rio Grande Valley. In 1989 june around sunset me and my two older brothers 22 & 17 I was 11 years old, but ill never forget that day. We were playing football outside in the street when  when my oldest brother was staring up into the sky. My brothers face was confused perplexed I asked what are you doing throw me the ball he said what the hell is that. When I turned around I immeadiately looking at an amazing craft hovering very low maybe 4 stories high. I never belived in disc but here was a disc hovering no sound and was glowing in neon blue plasma surrounding it. The disc was flawless as the shinest chrome I've ever seen like a platinum liquid mercury. Standing amazed my brothers told me to get away but I said no way ill remember this day forever and I'm not leaving till that thing leaves LOOK. So I stared into this thing an could plainly see a revolving off white light around the craft it moved in different patterns. Also the craft was messin with my eyes it seemed so close I could touch it. Finally it began to move UP it moved so slow it was like it shrank but was now a small blue dot in the atmosphere then gone. We were amazed not many people belived us very saddening because they are REAL. The weird thing is afterward my dreams became so vivid I'd feel like I had left my body then return exhausted. The dreams had a lot to do with God & Satan but more now than ever I'm attracting people who have had encounters an have never spoke about it. I don't understand truly what all this means I've had a vision that they are gonna reveal themselves to the masses. Hundreds an fleets of crafts an ships are gonna appear and people are gonna panic. The govenment can no longer fool me I hope they let the people know because they are REAL. Don't let anyone tell you they don't they lie. I have nothing to gain more to lose but you deserve to know the truth ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));26.0539;-97.3125
Large disc shaped object with red lights on south side of highway 100;2005-11-10 01:05:00;6 min;Large disc shaped object with red lights on south side of highway 100 Coming from the south side of hwy 100 ,bright lights caught my attention.  As we drove  closer to our home the object grew closer to us.   The object was circular in shape with a dome on top, it had white lights all around with red lights in an inner circle.   As it headed for land, it disappeared into a large area of brush. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));26.0539;-97.3125
A disk flying east-west across the sky in southern Texas. (Padre Islands);2007-05-21 21:00:00;appx. 15 seconds;A disk flying east-west across the sky in southern Texas. (Padre Islands) I was with my family on vacation down on the Padre Islands in the south of Texas. This long, skinny island is fairly close to the Mexican border. We were staying at the Holiday Inn on the southern part of the island. I decided to go out and take some pictures to see if I could get any cool shots. I fiddled around a bit with some settings and took a few pictures, most of which weren't very good. As I was aiming a picture of the waves, I noticed a light shooting accross the sky. It was rather sudden and at first I thought it was a shooting star. I continued to look, expecting the light and tail to disintegrate as a shooting star/meteorite would, however it didn't. I came to the realization at that point that it was something that either entered the atmosphere, or was already in the atmosphere. It had a trail that dissapeared as it got closer to over my head. I continued to watch this spectacle as it shot across the sky at a VERY fast pace. As it flew I thought it was a bird, something simply mistaken for something else. My human curiosity kept me watching this object. I felt my heart drop when the object flew accross the moon. I will never forget the statling image I saw then. A disk shaped object, clearly a disk, shot across the moon, it's color a light amber, glowing as it were, (possibly from entering the atmosphere.) The image continued it's east-to-west flight across the sky. As it flew away I could only think of the possible explanations for the object. All my compiled theories shattered when the vessel banked hard left about a thumbs legnth from where I was standing above my hotel. The vessel nearly stopped when it banked left, and it continued it's path west. I didn't hear any audible engine sounds, only the slight roar of the ocean. The event occured at exactly 9:00 pm and I was only one of a few people on the beach, but when I asked them about it, they said they hadn't seen anything.;26.0539;-97.3125
