Flashing red lights performing in an unusual manner.;2008-08-26 20:35:00;10 minutes;Flashing red lights performing in an unusual manner. Flashing red lights like airplane lights. Two lights appeared in north north west about a hand width apart at arms lenght. They traveled about 10 degrees across sky until they met, then disappeared. Two more flashing red lights then appeared travelling east about a hand width apart.  They then met after  moving about 10 degrees, then disappeared.   Then two more flashing red lights similarly to the west of where the last two disappeared. They too moved about 10 degrees, met and disappeared.  Could be airplanes, but an awful lot of them in a normally quiet area and acting very strange.  They appeared to be 20 to 50 miles away and somewhat lower than airliners fly.  I am a 69 year old retired builder-mechanic. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.5922;-115.9949
Red lights, low humming, central Nevada, two witnesses.;2011-06-15 21:00:00;5 minutes;Red lights, low humming, central Nevada, two witnesses   I was working in the Sage-Steppe desert for four months, on a wildlife study. Our base camp was about half way between Eureka and Carlin Nevada on Rte 278. Middle of nowhere. I had the evening off, and decided to start a camp fire shortly after dark. I had just opened a beer and was playing my guitar when the red lights showed up. Before I start my description I have to say that my recollection of this sighting is hazy, it happened over a year ago, and even a few days later I could not remember details. What I remember is a very low pitched, quiet hum.  That is what go my attention.  I looked behind me, and two glowing red lights were hovering near by. I set down my guitar and stood up, walking toward the lights to see better. I noticed another set behind them.  I could not see the outline of any object, only the lights, but the way they were moving, it seemed that they were connected.  They were moving strangely, as if the objects were long and flat and turning from a horizontal position to a vertical position.  It took me a minute to realize the red lights were connected and the object was enormous. At some point one set of lights came close, or at least it seemed close due to the scale of the object. I would say it was at least 50 meters in diameter.  I do not remember the object leaving.  That is the strangest part. I was sitting at the campfire, and was not going to tell any of my coworkers (they were small minded) when they came back from the field.  One of my co-workers, who I had a good rapport with came to the fire and stood there with me for a few minutes before saying &quotI just saw a ufo&quot. I nearly pissed I was so excited. He described red lights, but in a different, more stereotypical ufo configuration.  More like spinning red lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.5922;-115.9949
