Witnessed a black triangular craft with colored flashing lights absolutely still in the sky about twenty stories above me.;2008-04-17 00:35:00;30-45 seconds;Witnessed a black triangular craft with colored flashing lights absolutely still in the sky about twenty stories above me. In the early morning of April 17 2008 somewhere between 12:30am and 12:40am I was driving west on HWY 14 between Middleton and Cross Plains Wisconsin when I saw a strange yellow-golden light in the sky in front of me above the horizon. I first thought it was a planet because it was too bright to be a star, but noticed that it was too big to be a planet either. The road I was on headed straight towards the light that seemed fixed in the sky and as I kept driving (about 15 seconds or so) I realized that the light was no longer on then horizon, but now in my local area not more that a hundred yards in front of me and had transitioned from a yellow/golden light to a what appeared as a physical object with lights. As I continued forward I noticed a blue blinking light similar to an airplane, yet the object was completely stationary in the sky (so much so that I thought it may have been the lights on a radio tower, but I knew there were no radio towers in this area.)  I ended up driving almost directly under it and noticed there were more lights. I noticed about 5-8 different lights of different colors. They where blinking in unfamiliar patterns, not the standard, regular, repetitive way an airplane’s lights normal blink, but they seem to blink faster with irregularity much more swirly and flashy than standard airplane lights (like an artistic light show). I was only under it for a second or 2, but noticed that the lights were circular and had a wavy character as if it were passing through a waving liquid media. The object was not that high up, only about as high as a 20 story building and was absolutely fixed in the sky. It was dark out and the object appeared to be black and in the shape of a triangle and about as long as a city bus. I passed the object and could not view it anymore as it was a behind me. I stopped my car a minute or 2 later to look and it was gone. From the time I saw it in the distance on the horizon until I drove under it was about 30-45 seconds. I thought that this may have been a helicopter, but it had no psychical similarities to one and I drove almost directly under it and heard no sound.;43.1029999999999;-89.5073000000001
