3 Fire Orange Glowing Spheres Move Through the Skies Over Stillwater Oklahoma;2013-10-28 00:06:00;10 minutes;3 Fire Orange Glowing Spheres Move Through the Skies Over Stillwater Oklahoma I was in the employee parking lot on the north side of Walmart, in Stillwater Oklahoma.  A coworker and I were chatting as usual, on our break.  When, at 0:06, on October 28th 2013, we looked up and seen a fire orange colored glowing sphere come over the store, heading due north.  It was moving at twice the speed, if not more, than the typical aircraft seen in that area.  The size of the glowing sphere, to the naked eye, was about if you were looking at a dime you were holding up in your hand with your arm fully extended.  The first sphere was visible for roughly 20-30 seconds, before it moved far enough to be out of sight. Almost at exactly the moment when the first sphere was out of sight, a second sphere appeared from the exact location as the first. It looked exactly like the first sphere, moving at the same speed, and following the same flight path.  I watched as it moved through the sky, and when it got nearly out of sight, I looked at the point in where it came from to see if there would be any others.  To my amazement, a third fire colored glowing sphere appeared from the exact location as the two before it.  Yet again, it was exactly identical in looks, traveling speed, and flight pattern as the previous two. My coworker and I stood there baffled as to what they could be.  Another coworker, who was out collecting carts, came and asked us if we had seen them too.  He had told us that he had noticed one of them hovering in one place, just minutes before we had come out for our break.  Though, he may be a bit of a strange fellow, he is an honest one, and I have no doubts that if he said he witnessed one hovering, then that is what he saw.  I have thought and thought of possible explanations as to what the spheres could of been, but there is nothing that seems logical.  The movements of the spheres were that of military precision.  This event is by far the strangest I have ever experienced.;36.1138252100841;-97.0605663865545
