Bright Rod shaped craft seen shortly after sunset, North Central Massachusetts 10 to 1 length to width.;2003-12-13 16:25:00;2 minutes;Bright Rod shaped craft seen shortly after sunset, North Central Massachusetts 10 to 1 length to width. I was watching the sunset today from my kitchen table. After the sun had fully set, I remained at the table, watching the small TV in the kitchen. At 16:25, something caught my attention from the corner of my eye. I looked back out the window and about one fists width above the horizon and a little left of where the sun had set, there was a very bright line in the sky, about the length of my thumbnail.  I first though it was a contrail, but it seemed too straigth and even, to the naked eye. I used a pair of small birdwatching binoculars to get a better look and discovered that this likely was not a contrail. The front and back where completely flat and the length of the object was extremely straight. It was an absolutely perfect, highly elongated rectangle. After drawing it out to the shape I saw, I come up with a length to width ratio of about 10 to 1.  I was able to keep still by placing my elbow on the table and using one of the window edges (it's a three window bay window) and the siloette of a leafless tree across the way, in order to determine if there was any movement. For the first minute or so I observed the object through the binoculars, it sisn't move at all. Then, over the next thirty seconds or so, it slowly moved about it's own length to the right, then stopped moving again. I aboserved it for another 30 seconds, then it just suddenly hanished. No fading, no perception of it zipping away, it just was gone in the blink of an eye.  I'm a sky watcher and we have frequent airliner traffic over the area, with plains coming and going from Logan airport. I know what contrails look like and landing lights, etc... This bright object was absolutely straight and of uniform width and the  ends were completely flat. The four corners of the elongated rectangular shape were perfect 90 degree angles. The perception was that this was something  far way and very large. I categorize the shape as cylinder, but it was impossible to determine the shape of the object's third dimension from my vantage point.  The best I could tell, the object was perfectly parrallel to the horizon. The object was bright, likely that it was just reflecting light from the sun, which had already set from my perspective, possibility it was self illuminated?;42.5781;-71.805
