Object near ARSR-1E Site emitted 5 smaller objects and replicated movements from ground based light.;2010-12-19 05:20:00;In progress;Object near ARSR-1E Site emitted 5 smaller objects and replicated movements from ground based light. At approximately 0520 hours, I observed an unusual bright light simply hovering in place near JSS ID: QOJ (Former 799th AC&W Radar Site).  I watched as it started gaining, then dropping altitude, and what appeared to be broad spotlight(s) coming from the center, and sweeping.  It then dropped altitude, and out of curiosity, I grabbed my ultra bright white LED light, and used the strobe function, pointed directly at the object.  The object itself started flashing, first slowly, then rapidly, then slowly again.  I then switched it to fixed beam, and started slow sweeping motions, left, then right, then up and down.  It followed the track of my light almost perfectly.  I then turned my light off, and watched the object start making circles, then figure eights, and then stopping.  It repeated these movements four or five times before I turned my light on again, and pointed it directly at the object.  I repeated the sweeping motions left to right, up and down, ! and again it followed the light.  I then QUICKLY moved the beam to the left, and it followed.  Moved the beam to the right, it followed again.  I then replicated it's movements (circles and figure eights) and it followed the beam.  It was at that time I had observed a yellowish-white light coming from the bottom of the object, in a vertical axis towards the ground.  It quickly gained altitude, and stopped.  I also observed what appeared to be five smaller, independent objects shoot out from the center of the object, and make circles (almost as if sweeping a 3-Dimensional Perimeter) and return to the center of the object.  I also noticed what appeared to be a military aircraft in the vicinity that was completely blacked out except for the one rear flashing red light as it was coming from the north.  It appeared to be making a large circle around the object (I am not sure on the radius, I saw it make a shift to the south east, and then didn't see it again).;36.3287;-86.9212
