Huge, triangle shaped object, two red lights in center, two bright white lights at corners.;2014-06-14 09:30:00;5-7 minutes;Huge, triangle shaped object, two red lights in center, two bright white lights at corners Me and my 2 kids seen a huge black colored, triangular object about 80-100ft in the air.  It had two red lights at the tip, two very bright white lights at the corners and yellowish lights along bottom.  It moved slow and was silent.  It came straight at us then shifted or rotated sideways and was gone.  Tried to get picture on my cell phone, but image kept blurring, didn't turn out well.;38.6039142857143;-91.4937
Triangular object with 5 lights, transparent, and very large, even when viewed from a distance, changed shapes while continuing path;2014-06-14 21:00:00;5-10 minutes;Triangular object with 5 lights, transparent, and very large, even when viewed from a distance, changed shapes while continuing path We were having a family gathering at a remote farm owned by a family member, about 45 minutes south of Hermann, Missouri, in Gasconade County.   Around 9 pm, we all witnessed a bizarre string of lights over the trees in the distance in the North sky.  This object was far too wide to be plane.  I estimate that the object was a few thousand feet from the ground, as it was below the clouds.   The lights from this point of view were in flat string, as if all the lights were in a row on the same level.  The lights stayed there for about 5 minutes, without moving.  There were 5 lights, 4 red and one yellow.  After it hovered for about 5 minutes, it began moving towards the Northwest.  There was no sound coming from the object. It had a triangular shape.  There were two lights in the front, two lights on the outer tail-end wings, and one located in the middle of the object.   It moved in a very direct path.  As it was moving northwest, it changed shape.  The rear right light (when looking at it, the rear left light if looking at it from behind), moved to the front of the object as if it was rotating, however the object never changed paths.   When the object was coming from the North, a slight outline of the object could be seen, which was triangular.  The sun had set, but the sky in the northwest was still a light blue color.  As it moved into the light blue area of the sky, it was clear that the object was transparent.  The outline of the object could no longer be seen.  We could see the sky through the object, as if the object was not there at all. The object continued moving northwest until it was out of sight. There were no other vehicles/objects that were seen following this craft.  Upon further investigation on the Internet,  I found that someone had reported a helicopter following the same path (of an object of the same description) about 2 hours after the event. I have never seen anything of this size in the sky, nor have I ever seen an object change shapes while continuing to move in the same direction.  It’s hard to say due to the unknown distance and height how big the object was.  Although even if it were a plane straight over our heads it would only be a fraction of the size of this object.   I estimate that it had to be 1000+ feet in length.;38.6039142857143;-91.4937
