large glowing object that changed shape and color;2005-12-08 19:00:00;10 minutes;large glowing object that changed shape and color I am the person whom reported this incident on 12/8.  I feel like I have to comment on the note at the end of my description of the event on the nuforc reports page.  The note said  that I most likely was seeing Venus.  This could not be the case.  I am familiar with what Venus looks like this time of year.  I saw a large glowing (not star like) half circle( with a few twinkles at the top)  that changed shape into a complete circle and changed color from white to orange.  It then shrunk to a pin point and then reversed the process and became a glowing half circle again althoug a little more stretched out (if that makes sense). The object I was looking at was MUCH larger than Venus. Again, Venus looks like a very large star with some orange color to it.  I notice it often.  This is NOT what I saw.  Thanks.  Just thought I should clarify.;34.0518481481481;-117.171964197531
((Venus??))  Observed a very large, half circle object with faint lights on top that reshaped into a circle and changed color.;2005-12-08 20:00:00;10 min;Observed a very large, half circle object with faint lights on top that reshaped into a circle and changed color. I was driving west on Redlands Blvd.  Directly in the sky in front of me was what looked like an extra large half moon set with the curved side down and flat on top.  It caught my attention because it was so large and not in the correct position to be the moon although it was white.  I looked at it and realized the edges were blurred and there was some difined shape within ot and then I noticed very faint twinkles of lights on the top flat side.  As I drove, I came to realize what I was seeing wasn't right.  I turned into a parking lot and lost the object behind trees for a moment, then found it again it what seemed to be a slightly different place in the sky.   At this point I was calling my husband and kids to tell them to go outside and look at the sky.  They were downtown and couldn't see it.  I sat in the parking lot and looked at it . It seemed to be staying in the same place and was doing nothing. At this point I thought maybe it was a street light off in the distance and that I was having some sort of visual/perseption problem.  Then it changed into a perfect circle and turned slightly orange and got smaller and smaller.  I thought it was disappearing.  I was still on the phone to my son explaining all this to him as I watched it.  I told him it was disappearing.  Then it reshaped itself back into the  shape that it was in the beginning.  I decided to drive and see if I could get closer. I lost it behind buildings and trees.  Found it momentarily again but then lost it all together.  I drove back towards home on Redlands Blvd.  I went to the intersection at which I first noticed the object and actually turned around again (to drive west) to see if I could see it again from that same spot.  It was not there. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness may have been looking at Venus.  It is very bright, at present, and it is visible during the early evening hours in the southwestern sky.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) I am the person whom reported this incident on 12/8.  I feel like I have to comment on the note at the end of my description of the event on the nuforc reports page.  The note said  that I most likely was seeing Venus.  This could not be the case.  I am familiar with what Venus looks like this time of year.  I saw a large glowing (not star like) half circle( with a few twinkles at the top)  that changed shape into a complete circle and changed color from white to orange.  It then shrunk to a pin point and then reversed the process and became a glowing half circle again althoug a little more stretched out (if that makes sense). The object I was looking at was MUCH larger than Venus. Again, Venus looks like a very large star with some orange color to it.  I notice it often.  This is NOT what I saw.  Thanks.  Just thought I should clarify. ((END));34.0518481481481;-117.171964197531
Slow moving and instant size changing orb with ring around it.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius, or some other twinkling star??  PD));2017-02-14 22:00:00;30 minutes;Slow moving and instant size changing orb with ring around it I am a 58 yr old man, my 16 yr old daughter and 17yr old boyfriend was there, a 20 yr old family friend and my 9yr old and 3 yr old great nephews were there.  While in the backyard feeding the fish in the pond I noticed what looked like a pulsating star at first until I noticed  it changing size drastically and instantly while also observing slow movement, so I went in the house and got my binoculars and iPhone I sat down on a a five brick high planter box and started filming where I held the phone  with both hands and arms extended out slightly above my head and started filming kept my arms stiff for the whole four minutes of the video I was not moving in and out with my arms and tried to tape  with a rosebush partly in the picture so you could determine a stationary object in the filming .   This orb moved around but basically was in the same area the whole time but changed sizes shapes constantly and had a Saturn like ring around it  and when it got big you c! ould see the nucleus of the thing was in meeting energy constantly moving like it was morphing into something almost looks like an entity instead of a craft, when I looked at this object through the binoculars I was astounded  at what I saw things moving constantly brilliant colors almost  looked like flames in there orbs multiplying within the orb, and amazing array of colors and move me constantly going, I was extremely moved and it was actually scary looking in there and will never  Forget the images I saw in those binoculars. ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius, or some other twinkling star??  PD));34.0518481481481;-117.171964197531
