Possible balloons with ignition sources launched over Mentone for New Year's celebration.;2011-01-01 00:05:00;15 minutes;Possible balloons with ignition sources launched over Mentone for New Year's celebration. I live in Redlands, which is about 6 miles EESE of San Bernardino, CA. At a little before midnight New Year’s Eve, 2010, I went out on my east-facing front porch to listen to the celebratory noise. Approximately 00:05 am I observed two glowing objects rise from the NNE from my vantage point. The objects were, to my eyes, about as bright, and were about the same angular size, as the planet Jupiter (when it is on the zenithal arc). These objects seem to have risen from NE Mentone, the next town east of Redlands. The atmospheric conditions caused them to slowly rise, in an apparent north-westerly direction. The sky was overcast with some low stratus and cumulus clouds.  I was able to track these objects for about 10 to 12 minutes before they entered obscurity in the clouds, or their inherent light source went out. The two objects appeared to originate from the same ground location.  Their apparent angular separation ranged from about ½ degree to 2 degrees. My supposition is that they were large balloons carrying an ignition source well below the balloons themselves (to keep from burning the balloons). The light they gave off was mostly white, with a slight reddish tinge.  The time of their disappearance was approximately 00:20 am.  From the time of first notice, to final disappearance, they traveled approximately 55 degrees azimuthally. Thought I would write this in case anyone else saw the same thing. About midway through November, in the late afternoon, I saw two similarly-sized objects, with about the same apparent luminosity.  They, however (or at least at the time I noticed them), were separated by about 30 degrees, and had much different trajectories.  It is quite possible that their point of origination was also in NE Mentone – perhaps these were test flights?;34.0518481481481;-117.171964197531
Extremely bright LED-like light over Southern California.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a sighting of Venus.  PD));2017-03-12 20:00:00;1 hour;Extremely bright LED-like light over Southern California. It’s now mid-March 2017, and since mid-February I’ve seen an extremely bright light (reminds me of a huge LED tactical light) early every evening in the eastern ((sic.  western)) sky over Southern California.  It’s large enough to make a person assume that it’s close to the observer’s neighborhood, but its size and brightness make it likely to be seen by many residents living in Southern California. The light always appears around 8 p.m., sitting low in a dark sky, without any other visible stars. The light is bright in one position for approximately 30 minutes, then the light goes out, and it pops up again nearby, again parked for another 30 minutes in a new position. I first noticed it in February and, like my husband, instantly thought of Saturn.  But the light was so “artificial” and too low that I couldn’t bring myself to believe it was Saturn.  My thought was that it’s more likely a satellite or a surveillance device (drone? balloon?) possibly launched by the police, or by USGS, or by CALTRANS.  I’ve found no evidence on the Internet, but if any of these surveyors want anonymity, there wouldn’t be an announcement or explanation posted to the Internet. I believe I’ve noticed lights-out once a week (does the object need a break to re-adjust?), and then re-activated the following night for the rest of the week. I’m not certain why the foregoing surveyors would survey at night, except to avoid small aircraft from local municipal airports that would not be flying at night in the object’s altitude thereby not interfering with the object’s mission.  Large airlines flying to Ontario or to Los Angeles can be seen and are distinguishable because they move higher in the sky than does the bright light that parks low in the sky and does not move at all while lit. Thoughts rush through my mind of foreign surveillance by China, Russia, North Korea.  Could that be true?  Don’t know.  “It’s a puzzlement!”;34.0518481481481;-117.171964197531
Red orb UFO flys over California.  ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch.  PD);2017-09-23 23:00:00;3-4 minutes;Red orb UFO flys over California Object started as a red speck in the darker part of the sky personally I thought it was a red star until I saw it moving then it moved closer and started leaving a trail behind it and the after 3 minutes it just disappears. ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch.  PD);34.0518481481481;-117.171964197531
HUGE Ball Shape with White Light  Ring hovering over 10 Fwy San Bernardino East in early morning hour.  AMAZING!!!;2019-09-26 04:45:00;90 seconds;HUGE Ball Shape with White Light  Ring hovering over 10 Fwy San Bernardino East in early morning hour.  AMAZING!!! HUGE perfect ball shaped, dull metallic gray, with a white light that appeared to wrap all the way around it- hovering  fairly close to the earth considering the size of it.  This thing was enormous!  I was getting on the 10 Freeway East at California Avenue.  As soon as I made a right onto the on-ramp I was amazed.  It was just right there hovering.  At first I thought it was the moon and was in awe of how BIG it was.  But the white light ring around it made it look like a lunar eclipse.  Once I merged on to the freeway safely I tried to get a better look.  Had to rub my eyes to make sure I was really seeing what I thought it was. It didn’t appear to be moving.  Just hovering.  After I was sure it was not an eclipse of the moon I thought to myself that maybe it was a blimp....but knew it absolutely was not- waaay too BIG, wrong shape (this was like a perfect ball). Because it was just hovering I became excited that I was going to be able to “catch up” to it for a better look.  So I glanced to my left as I got over to the fast lane of the freeway.  When I looked back again ahead of me it wasn’t gone but within a fraction of a second it wasn’t there anymore. I couldn’t believe my eyes.  I have never seen anything move that fast.... especially something that massive in size. It was just gone.....poof!  I so wish I had been able to see it up closer.  I am still in awe of what I saw.  It was amazing.  It was beautiful.  Unfortunately there was nobody in my truck with me to share the experience :(  I couldn’t even talk to other drivers because we were on the freeway at an interchange.  And when I got to where I was going (San Manuel Casino) I couldn’t find a soul who witnessed what was just up in our sky.  Yes it was so big I am certain if any of those gamblers had been outside they could have seen it all the way from the casino. When I got there I told a few  people (that I didn’t even know’) what I saw....a couple of them looked at me like I was crazy.....one guy was interested and believed me....he was jealous.  I would be, too. It was an amazing experience. PS--I didn’t hear ANY sound of an engine or motor.  And when it disappeared it was very fast but VERY smooth movements.;34.0518481481481;-117.171964197531
