Object flew towards us from S.E. and then parallel to us at 75 mph. Appox. 8 lights on outer circumference of disk shape, only lights v;1997-06-26 23:05:00;35 sec.;Summary : Object flew towards us from S.E. and then parallel to us at 75 mph. Appox. 8 lights on outer circumference of disk shape, only lights visible.  Rotation of approx. 6 revs per minute.  Object disappeared when last visible light turned off. Lights were approx, 30 degrees apart on outer surface leaving times when only 3 lights were visible.  Light appeared to be coming out of portals.  Structure of object not visible, only rotating lights. Departed Salt Lake Airport by car at 2200 MDT on I-80 westbound at 75 mph toward Wendover, Nv. At 2305 driver saw what appeared to be two close, low flying aircraft, one seen as two lights and the other seen as one light approaching quickly from S.E.  Driver told passenger to look up to see jets.  No noise or visual above so driver looked to S. E. again to see the three lights now flying parallel to vehicle.  Now three lights could be seen to be rotating with more lights being added  from the one and the other two disappearing.  The lights were on the outer circumference of a disk and were rotating.  Rotation was approx. three revs during a 30 second visual.  After about 30 seconds, and into the third rev, while only one light was visible, this light went out and although we looked and looked for the lights, they were gone.  We never saw another thing.  I called HAFB to check on night aircraft operations and determined the 388 TFW was in the general area that night.  I also !checked with the Salt Lake Airport Authority and found that a movie was being filmed, using a helicopter with a camera pod below, outside Tooele, Ut., approximately 80 miles west of our sighting.  I still have not been able to correlate these activities with what we saw.The driver of the car has 33 years experience as an ((deleted)) engineer with a T.S. clearance and in general, with logic, tries to explain unusual occurances away. The other witness is a customer service agent with a major airline at the Salt Lake International Airport.  She has also worked for the ((city deleted)) attorneys office as well as the ((government agency name deleted)).;40.7346;-114.0404
