Beautiful, gold hovering lights.;2003-12-16 17:50:00;5 seconds;Beautiful, gold hovering lights. Upon pulling into the parking lot of the Peppermill casino in Wendover, Nevada I happened to be looking out the window of my truck, drivers side.  Hovering directly above the Wendover airport was a gorgeous gold light.  I could not tell the shape due to the brightness.  It reminded me of a golden firework...I said to my girlfriend in the passenger seat, Look at that!!, but by the time she looked it had disappeared.  The light seemed to vanish from the bottom to the top.  The Wendover airport is tiny, so I don't know if anyone there saw it.  After leaving Wendover the following evening (December 17) lo and behold, at the 33 Milepost marker, 33 miles east of Wendover, at 1833 hours, I was talking to my girlfriend about how beautiful the gold light had been the night before.  At that exact second, she screamed, Look!!  Look!!  And, out of the passenger window, just south of I-80, were three beautiful gold lights!!  I mean, what are the chances of that happening?  They appeared to be quite low in the sky, and they seemed to be in formation, with the closest one being the lowest (maybe 500 feet high?) and the next farthest one a little higher, and the farthest a little higher still.  They were the exact same color of lights that the one over the Wendover airport was.  Bright gold, with a little orange tint.  Then, while we were viewing those, they went out one by one.  In both cases, none of the lights were moving, they were stationary.  They were a gorgeous sight, especially the one over the airport, which was the closest to us I think.  The Wendover airport is located directly on the Utah/Nevada state line, although it just barely be in Utah.  I have a graduate degree in management.  My girlfriend has a graduate degree in social work.  We were not under the influence of any drug/alcohol.  The weather was perfectly clear, the temp was in the 20's for both sightings.;40.7346;-114.0404
