((HOAX??))  This made me an alcoholic.  ((NUFORC Note:  Because of the profanity in the original version, we suspect a hoax here.  PD));2007-10-24 21:35:00;30 minutes;This made me an alcoholic   On Wednesday, October 24th, I and a coworker had an experience on Highway 33 outside of Roca, NE (about 3 miles west on 33).  My coworker, who has since quit, will not contribute to this report so I will not use his experiences although I would prefer as they are more colorful than my own.  A little background here I am (or at least was) happily married and prefer to stay that way, and my wife will not listen to me and DOES NOT support my reporting this but after researching online I feel I must do this.  I am a 28 year old who graduated from a very small town in Nebraska, so I do not expect anyone to take me serious that this took place. People who have an education or money would be, but I am just a regular guy I guess, but here it goes anyway.  I have had a bit of a personality crisis (as well as a whiskey crisis) for the last few days and I’m just trying to get by.  Frankly, I am annoyed that this happened, and 4 nights later I am still annoyed and not enjoying my  life if you don’t mind me speaking my mind. I was driving a commercial truck used to move frozen food that is sold retail, and there were two of us, one in each truck returning to our “office”. I was ahead of my coworker, when we turned a bend in the highway, ahead there was a black square in the sky. I don’t know how else to describe it, there were no lights or sounds, just a square floating.  I nearly had a heart attack when I saw it, keep in mind-and this important-that it wasn’t there when I came around the bend, it just appeared.  It was low and almost on the road and I locked up my brakes.  My truck is heavy and admittedly we speed, so I was all over the road. I came to a stop and got out.  All I saw was this black square. I am not trying to sound dramatic.  But it was simply a black square, moving very slowly-hardly moving-to the south.  This is when thing get weird, cause my coworker gets out of his truck and his face is white as a sheet, and he says ((deleted))all this for selling ice cream door-to-door.   I am staring at this black floaty thing, and then suddenly my coworker is gone. I mean thin air gone.  Suddenly from the cornfield about 50 yards ahead from the south comes my buddy screaming bloody hell.  His eyes are so big it’s like all I can see are his eyes to this minute, and all I can see to his right is this dark square, and as he is running to me, his arms out wide as if to hug me, and there comes this horn, ya know like compressed air you have on your boat, and I duck.  My coworker jumps into my truck and shuts and locks the doors, and here I am prying on the door handle screaming like a school girl and I look behind me and see a guy, like a little skinny guy  along the ditch, and this is where I become a drinker, cause the guy is looking at me all menacing like he is coming to kill me and he is skin and bones with a big ass head.  Jim lets me in and I put in drive and push this International to 120.  My wife is mad, don’t make trouble for me please, but you all don’t know (or belief) but I do. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  Probable hoax, we suspect.  PD));40.664;-96.6364
