I saw these three Lights in the sky, as the came closer, the stopped, hovered, rotated, and then began to move towards me.  I sped off,;1998-04-05 23:35:00;2-3 minutes;I saw these three Lights in the sky, as the came closer, the stopped, hovered, rotated, and then began to move towards me.  I sped off, and they moved parallel with me.  As I turned a corner, they rotated diagnally and I took off, losing sight of them It was April 5, 1998, approx 23:35.  It was sunday night.  I am a student and we had no school the next day.  I left my friends house to take another friend home.  After I dropped him off I headed towards my house, when I noticed three lights in the sky to the east by northeast of my direction of travel (east) I was observing this over a farm field.  As the road curved right, I lost sight of the object over a small wood.  when I cleared the trees the object was much, much closer.  over the initial hydrenaline rush I was able to tell the three lights were a perfect equalateral triangle.  The lights continued to expand outward, as the object appeared to come closer.  I slowed to see the object as it stopped and hovered beyond a neighborhood, nearby an old rock quary.  The lights rotated clockwise, then the lead light turned towards me as the object banked, as an aircraft would turn, I thouht it to resemble the B-2 stealth bomber.  The shape of the triangle was incorrect though.  The object was equal on all sides, as the stealth has a longer base at the tail than the shorther two wings (an isosolece triangle).  As the object moved towards me, sped down the winding road, only looking back as I could, to horrifyingly see that this object was moving parallel to my direction of travel. the road curved, and i lost sight of the object over more trees.  A few seconds later I stopped to turn left on US route 6 and saw that these lights were still there.  I sped around the cornder as the object tilted, while still rotating-so that the bottom of the object was facing me.  I drove really fast without looking back for about 15 seconds, bu that time I had lost sight of it.  I returned home, took out the binocculars and searched for the object, but I could not find it.  All I saw was the stars and moon that had been absent before.;41.4349;-88.2183
Right Triangle;2001-06-10 22:30:00;1-2 Minutes;Right Triangle I was sitting outside with my parents at about 10:30 on June 10. We were watching the stars. When I noticed three stars that had been sitting in the same spot all night start to move across the sky at a constant pace, then stop for a few seconds, then they would move up the sky, stop, then move across the sky. This continued for one to two minutes before the objects were completely out of my view. I cannot really say if it was one big craft, or three smaller crafts, but they formed a perfect right triangle, and moved at the same speed, and stopped at the same time the entire length of the event. My parents tried to write them off as satelites moving across the sky, but we all know that satelites don't form perfect geometeric shapes, and stop in random spots across the sky, and more so with a satelites they need to be constantly moving to stay in orbit. Now the object or objects never really passed close to the ground, the entire time they maintained a pretty high altitude, and I did not have a pair of binoculars handy to closely examine it, so I could not tell if there were smaller lights around the three main lights.;41.4349;-88.2183
Triangle orange lights moving through low clouds;2006-02-07 19:30:00;seconds;Triangle orange lights moving through low clouds I looked up as I was driving and saw light orange lights in the sky, low to the ground, moving together in a triangle formation, and passing through the night clouds.;41.4349;-88.2183
