many lights on bottom large that looked like windows;1999-11-09 20:30:00;5 minutes;many lights on bottom large that looked like windows I am a native american vietnam veteran. We had finished a sweat and were sitting inside of the structure that contain the sweatlodge. There was no moon, no wind, and it was clear outside with all the stars shining bright. Loud noises could be heard as we were sitting inside. Going outside I looked around then up and 2 very large, circular were practically motionless in the air above us. Their dark round shapes were very clear against the stars above. There were many lights, not search lights, but more like windows all over the bottom of the 2 objects. I watched them and called the other person and he too came out and saw them. We went inside then came out later and they were still there and starting to move northeast. We are up on high ground and looking SW could see another coming very fast. It slowed to almost a stop immediately and made a formation of 3 like geese but only on one side. They started to move NE very low to the ground. You could walk faster than they moved. They took up much space in the sky. All 3 had many lights or maybe windows on the bottom. My Friend was in the Air Force and we talked about this time and again. He had no words to describe what we saw. They were not helicopters. They were not B-52's. Nothing could move this slow or appear to be motionless in the air. I in fact called the Minot AFB three times and was told that no aircraft of that nature was in the area. I was told that I probably seen a UFO. They were very low to the ground that you could almost throw a rock up and hit one. We finally got dressed in a hurry and started our vehicles up and drove up the short hill and they started to move in formation NE and were above the trees by the hill. There were no blinking red lights, green lights, no blinking lights at all on these objects to indicate port or starboard sides or the middle of the craft. This event occurred about 3 miles west of Mandaree where I have Sweat on top of the hills. The view is clear for miles around. I have the exact date in my book which I can s! end or g ive later. ((name deleted))  ((NUFORC Note:  We would like to have the exact date.  We will request it.  PD));47.727;-102.6795
