Standing outside facing east, a light green circle passed across the sky from north to south.;2011-01-29 20:31:00;1-2 seconds;Standing outside facing east, a light green circle passed across the sky from north to south.   It made no sound.  Dogs were barking. Engineer ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.5525;-70.5753
Orange orb hovered outside one window of  2nd story apartment  before it darted to the other side of house then vanished one afternoon.;2012-06-20 15:00:00;5 minutes;Orange orb hovered outside one window of  2nd story apartment  before it darted to the other side of house then vanished one afternoon. My roommate and I were hanging out in our second flood apartment inside an old farmhouse located in an open field area. We happened to look out the window and see an Orange orb hovering. We looked at it for a few moments and it didn’t move. When my roommate got up to look more closely it darted to the other side of the house visible in another window. Then it darted away. It was very round and orange, it sort of gave off a slight orange haze. It didn’t look like anything we’ve ever seen and the way it jumped from one side of the house to another so quickly made no sense to us. We looked out the windows then eventually went outside but didn’t see anything else. I lived there for 2 more years but never experienced it again. I’ve never been able to determine what it was but I wasn’t afraid. I’m not entirely sure of the date but I know it was late spring or early Summer of 2012 because my roommate moved out that Fall. We were both in our 20s at the time and ! had never experienced anything like that or even really talked about it. The town and apartment we lived in were very peaceful and our apartment was set back a long ways from the road. Our backyard was a field and sandpit. The farmhouse had 1 other unit at that time but our neighbor was not home when this event occurred. We never reported it but looked online and couldn’t find a lot of information. I recently came across this website and decided to finally report it in case it’s of useless to anyone.;43.5525;-70.5753
