Fort Leonard Wood: In predawn hours a triangle shaped ufo slowly flew over physical fitness field and multiple A-10 Warthogs pursued.;2010-01-03 05:20:00;20 seconds;Fort Leonard Wood:  In predawn hours a triangle shaped ufo slowly flew over physical fitness field and multiple A-10 Warthogs pursued. I have not felt compelled to report this until now but it did happen.  During Military Police basic combat and advanced individual training at Fort Leonard Wood Missouri, myself and three other soldiers saw a UFO at around 0520. Our entire company was on the pt (physical fitness) field conducting warm ups. It amazes me that we didn’t have fifty witnesses, this could be due to the fact that we were physically engaged at the time and only my platoon was oriented in a manner that allowed me to witness the entire event. We were staying in rather large barracks nick-named “starships”. The PT field we were located at is positioned between Echo Co. 787th MP BN and Delta Co. 787th MP BN. The view on Google earth helps put my report in perspective. I was facing Delta Co. Barracks when I say the Triangle shaped craft slowly, silently and smoothly come over the Delta building in a way that I could tell it was only clearing the roof by 10-20 feet. So it was only 60-70ft above the ground and it took it no more than 8 seconds to fly over the building behind me, about a 465 ft distance on a heading of 356.92 degrees according to Google earth. I would estimate its speed at 50-52 statute miles per hour. Due to the light poles I could clearly see it was much thinner than it was wide and long. I would have to guess that someone human sized would have to have been lying down inside the craft. The surface looked smooth and dark but it was hard to tell with its movement and the lack of daylight. There w! ere five yellowish and dim lights on its bottom along the outside edges of the triangle.  The entire 22 weeks I was at Fort Leonard Wood there was only one day the A-10 Warthogs flew before daylight. This was that day, I could hear them flying all over the place about five minutes after the UFO flew over my formation. They flew around for maybe an hour and a half after I saw the UFO. After PT I asked everyone “Did you see that? If you saw what I saw you would know what I’m talking about.” Three other soldiers came up to me and we talked about what we saw. They all had the same descriptions, one thought it was an alien ship and the other two were convinced it was a new drone the military was testing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));37.7673;-92.1098
