We got a good look, it had 5 big square windowsw/ foggy dim light and no one inside that we could see, it landed on the road behind us.;2003-07-15 21:30:00;21:50;We got a good look, it had 5 big square windowsw/foggy dim light and no one inside that we could see, it landed on the road behind us. My husband and I were going south,on our way to Cedar Key, going down 347,from Chiefland,Fl. at 9:30 pm and saw a ufo, just above the pine trees, over the road.We both were in shock, couldnt believe our eyes.We got a really good look at it.. it had big square windows ,about 4 or 5 accross, it looked to be about 50 ft. accross. The lights inside were like misty, foggy, like flouresent lighting turned low. But no one was in there that we could see.  We continued on under it and it came down on the rd. behind us.I was scared it was going to land on top of us.I lost sight of it as we went under it. We were absolutely horrified. My husband said to turn around and look to see if it was really there, we could both see it in the rear view mirrors, and it lit up with several colors of lights. I couldnt move, finally he yelled at me again and I turned around and looked and yes it was there in the road behind us.We raced away 90 miles an hour. I yelled at him and said he was going to kill us if he didnt slow down. We thought it was following us, but it was out of sight as we turned the curve. We got to Fowlers Bluff and turned off, down toward the boat ramp area. Then we came back out the circle rd. back to 347 stopped and looked north toward where it had been and saw a truck flying toward us. He went past and we pulled out to follow him to Cedar Key so we wouldnt be alone out there, But my husband couldnt even catch him , He had to be doing 100 miles an hour, and I think he saw what we saw and was scared, too. I finally remembered I had my cell ph. and I called my son in IN. I had trouble hearing the answering machine come on , there was alot of growling static, and some beeps like sos type. I had a feeling something or someone was interfering and listening to me, then it went dead. It was the most scary thing that I have ever experienced. But I guess if they were going to hurt us they would have because it is a very desolated area there between Chiefland and Cedar Key, with lots of swamps and the Lower Swanee Scrub Refuge. So, yes they are real.I watch the sky now and look up info. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));29.4846;-82.8765
