V-shaped, no sound, no light , Gliding slowly;2008-04-07 21:30:00;8 mins;V-shaped, no sound, no light , Gliding slowly First of all, I dont believe in UFO's , and secondly, I dont even know about this website until I searched for answers or even a hint if anyone else had seen the flying object last April 7, 2008 at around 9:30 PM here in the Bay area.  Anyways, wether you publish this or not, I'm just gonna try and tell my story just to let the others who saw the same thing,know that what they saw was not a figment of their imagination!!! Neither was mine.  I went out of my house to fix my solar lights which I just bought from Home Depot that morning, andlike every other evening, I would glance at the stars and watch the constellation. I looked up towards the Big Dipper and I saw this huge V-shaped object, almost like a wing with black and green color. It wasnt brightly lighted but theres some glowing green light along the edge. I thought it was a glider but it was late at night and the object was so huge and was gliding so low that I can see it vividly.  I thought it was a Stealth bomber but military planes dont fly as low as 30-50 feet from the neighborhood's rooftop, it would be dangerous and illegal. The lowest Stealth bomber I saw was in Pasadena during the Rose Parade, and it created a sound 20 minutes after it passes you. This one was just very quiet.  I watched it for almost 8 minutes until my roof covered the view. It has no sound,  was gliding very slow towards the NorthEast. I dont want it to be a UFO, but what else can it be? Theres no airport in my area nor an airforce base.  I am a Registered Nurse. My brother is a pilot. I asked him if he had seen a plane like this that flies so low before and he has not.  So there. I told my story. Wether you believe it or not, its not my problem!;37.9285;-121.6881
V-shaped gliding over my house.;2008-04-07 21:30:00;8 mins;V-shaped gliding over my house. I entered a report 3 weeks ago and I guess the author thinks I invented it and never published it. It was Monday evening, I was outside my house fixing my solar lights and by chance looked up the sky to watch the stars. I was staring towards the Big Dipper when I saw this huge V-shaped space craft, gliding silently about 30 to 50feet from my roof top. At first I thought it was jsut a glider but I realized that it was late at night and the object was so huge and so close.I thought maybe it was a stealth bomber but I saw a stealth bomber before and it is not even close to that. It has green lights, made no sounds nd was just gliding silently. It even resembles a wing of a dragon, green and black.It was very vivid. I watched it for almost 8 minutes until my roof covered the view. It cant be a plane cause it would be too low that it would have been illegal. I am glad Iam not the only one who saw it, or my co-workers would think that I just made it up. I am a Registered Nurse and I am not making this up. There is no airbase close to my place nor an airport.;37.9285;-121.6881
