I saw three lights forming a V shape in the night sky about 300 feet in the air. There was no noise and they were moving slowly in an e;1997-03-12 23:00:00;30 Seconds;I saw three lights forming a V shape in the night sky about 300 feet in the air. There was no noise and they were moving slowly in an easterly direction. I could barely make out the outline of a V shaped vehicle which looked like a carpenters square ruler. It was the night before the phoenix lights sighting occured. This sighting happened after I went through a most incredible series of events. I went to the Justice Department anti-trust division in San Francisco and provided a letter detailing my discovery of a non-detectable computer virus which was extremely destructive. I characterized this virus a Planned Osbolescence/Monopolization virus. I provided the Justice Department with a list of symptoms and a technique I discovered to resolve this problem.I got no assistance from them nor the FBI nor the police, as I was experiencing coersion in the harassment of my computer repair company by affluent people in the East Bay of California, Phone tapping and other manipulation, price fixing, and threats which made me fear for my life. My harassers were connected to the computer industry and large financial institutions. I was never formally interviewed by anyone and told my brother on the phone that They're only hope is to turn me into a Jesus freak or something, cause otherwise I'm going to the supreme court about this. The next day I started hearing out of place voices on my TV and Radio which were of a religious nature. It was very convincing and I had started reading the bible because I was all alone as my family couldn't help and my friends didn't understand. I started having visions of things I read in the bible. These voices and visions went on for four months. I had to move as my business went from $5000 per month to about $100 per month once I announced this virus to lawyer customers who were trying to prove that I wrote it to increase my business when in actuality, I had no idea what was behind the harassment I was experiencing. I am including this information because I feel that my business problem is connected with this ufo sighting and thus shows an agenda for the phoenix lights vehicle sighting and a connection between ufo's and the system. I swear to the authentisity of this story and am prepared to testify to anyone in this reguard. I am certified by Apple, Compaq, Epson, IBM, NEC and toshiba to service thier desktop and laptop PC's and printers. I have about 15 years experience troubleshooting, maintaining and repairing electro-mechanical equipment including computers, printers and radios.;37.9285;-121.6881
Two different white light objects moving in tandem in Brentwood, CA;2011-08-21 08:35:00;5 min;Two different white light objects moving in tandem in Brentwood, CA Riding bikes through neighborhood down Breakwater Way to Minnesota Avenue/Carmel Parkway intersection at approximately 8:35 - 8:37 pm on 8/21/11.  In glancing up to the North/East, two unusual objects were clearly visible resting in the night sky.  Each object was about a half a hand outstretched and a hand apart.  The formation on the left had two large white lights - which looked almost like a car headlights to an invisible car. The object to the right looked something like the Pleiades but upon standing stationary and staring, there were white dots of lights grouped in a boomerang shape.  Both objects seemed to have a shape blending with the dark night sky to which the lights were attached.  The two-light object on the left had brighter lights than the one on the right.  The lights were white or whitish blue.  The lights did not blink. The objects made no detectible sound. Both objects appeared to be still but upon closer observation were moving in tandem of! f to the north/east.  While trying to follow the trajectory of the objects on bike and upon crossing the intersection, the objects were suddenly no longer visible.  If the objects were aircraft they would have still been quite visible from a farther distance but it appears as though they vanished from the night sky.  There was a lot of air traffic during this evening but these objects looked absolutely nothing like air traffic and appeared quite large. No air traffic appeared to be nearby these objects.;37.9285;-121.6881
