I was sitting out on my porch Wednesday night (very clear night) when I looked up as something caught my eye and I saw a cigar shaped o;2005-11-02 18:00:00;30 seconds;I was sitting out on my porch Wednesday night (very clear night) when I looked up as something caught my eye and I saw a cigar shaped object flying through the air - extremely fast.   At first I thought that it may have been a small aircraft on fire (it was a bright white color)but it way moving too fast!  It moved slightly up and down zipping over the heads of the houses above me and then just disappeared.  It lasted about 30-40 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information.  PD));43.587655128205;-79.6713441880343
White cigar like ufo seen over Mississauga, Ontario;2014-09-23 16:30:00;~5 minutes;White cigar like ufo seen over Mississauga, Ontario Me and my friend were heading north in Mississauga towards Orangeville, where there is lots of farmland and empty space. When we were at around Winton Churchill Blvd and Steeles Ave, I noticed in the sky what I thought was a comet or something similar.  It looked like a plane contrail except it was heading downwards, and it was very, very white.  Like, there was a large white cloud covering a good portion of the sky behind the object, but this stood out noticeably.  What first brought to our attention that this was not contrail or a comet was the fact that it didn't dissipate or move separately.  Instead, the entire thing would occasionally move down a bit (though this may have been because we were travelling towards it, but it did look like it was moving on its on).  The closer we got, the brighter the object would become. The distance from our car to the object I would estimate between 5-8km. As we were heading further north we lost track of the object because of the trees blocking our view. When we arrived at the destination, we went out in the back to see if we could find the object. In total, I would say we lost the object for about a minute and a half. Where we were now would have been closer to the object, to the point where I was expecting to see detail. However, it was nowhere around us, and was instead very far off in the distance. I can't stress enough how far away this object became. It went from being a very large white object in the sky, to a very bright dot off in the horizon.  As we viewed it, we noticed it occasionally moving sporadically in all directions, but not going too far. I took a picture at this time but all that it shows is a very faint bright white dot (it was much more visible in person). I took a video too but the quality is extremely poor and it is pretty much impossible to see the object. I didn't think to take a picture earlier, because at that point we weren't really convinced it was anything too unusual.  I have to specify how far of a distance this object must have traveled when we lost track of it. It wen't from being completely still in the skies (aside from possibly moving down slightly every so often), to being almost unnoticeable in barely over a minute. I can't even guess how far it must have traveled in that time.;43.587655128205;-79.6713441880343
