Multiple strange moving crafts spotted in Merrimack NH.;2013-05-01 21:30:00;2.5 hours;Multiple strange moving crafts spotted in Merrimack NH I was looking out my window towards a great expanse of forest across the street and noticed a bright light hovering above the tree line.  It seemed to be less than a mile away.   At first I thought it was a brightly shining star, but when I used a branch as a point of reference, I could tell it was moving ever so slightly- up, down, from side to side, as well as kind of bouncing about at times.  As I looked at it, I saw another bright light shining through the trees, south of the first light and at a lower altitude.  At one point, the first light shot a small white fireball towards the second light (which I caught on video). After a few more minutes, I saw what appeared to be a plane approach the first light.  It looked like a strobing red light.  It passed over the first light, then turned in the opposite direction, began to blink a white light, then sunk below the first light out of my line of vision.   During this time, the first light was pretty consistent, just ! hovering and moving around ever so slightly. I noticed at least one more white light (COULD have been the second light I saw through the trees but I don't really think so) hovering around the area, clearly moving, but not much.  At certain points, it seemed like the white lights in the sky had one other smaller and fainter light blinking next to it, within close proximity. In addition to all of this, between 10:30-11pm a very low flying aircraft flew over my house about 7 times on average about 1 every 3-5 minutes. Did not appear to be a commercial airliner, its wingtips were not lit up at all just had 3 or 4 lights appearing down the belly of the craft in a vertical line.  During this time, I saw another very small fireball-looking light flash through the woods behind our house. Almost looked like headlights through the trees, but there is no road there.  Our neighbors dog began barking madly at the light. I went to bed around 11:30pm and the first light was still there.;42.8637;-71.5132
A ball if light shot over my house on the river in Merrimack, then proceeded to fly in a circle around a field and wooded area.;2015-05-22 22:05:00;35-45 minutes;A ball if light shot over my house on the river in Merrimack, then proceeded to fly in a circle around a field and wooded area.  I was terrified.;42.8637;-71.5132
