Bright red UFO with small white UFO that was deployed from the top.;2009-07-03 22:30:00;1.5 minutes;Bright red UFO with small white UFO that was deployed from the top. I was camping out behind my house with my 4 year old. We live in Spartanburg county about 3 miles from the Greenville/Spartanburg Airport. We were hanging out playing video games until about 10:30pm when we decided to turn in for the night. As I was getting our blankets ready I looked up and through the mesh door of the tent which was facing to the west. Through the mesh I saw an incredibly bright red light of considerable size moving slowly over the treeline. My first thought was that it might be an airplane, but I have lived in this area my entire life and I literally see planes come and go every night. This was like nothing I had ever seen and I immediately knew that it was not a plane. I fumbled around in the dark for my video camera, unzipped the door of the tent and was able to start filming the object about 20-30 seconds after it originally caught my eye. At first the bright red object continued slowly moving South, but then unexpectedly a much smaller white light emerged from the top and went upward at a fairly rapid pace. When the light was a good 2x higher from the ground than the red light, the red light quickly disappeared. The white light continued to stay in view and continued to move southward at a speed of perhaps 3x faster than the red light was traveling. After a bit it flickered and disappeared. When the red one disappeared, it just blinked off like a switch was flipped, but the white one flickered and faded more subtly. I got the entire thing on tape, and the footage of the small object emerging from the larger object is quite good. My only regret is that I zoomed in to try to get a closer look, and some of the footage is rather jerky... serves me right for always making fun of people who don't seem to be able to hold a camera still while filming a UFO. Still though, it's pretty exciting video. Here's the link to the video on youtube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II9G-kvdzh0  I was very excited to see this. I've kept my eyes open for stuff before when I'm looking at the stars, but this was completely out of the blue and entirely unexpected. Plus, I NEVER carry my video camera with me, so the fact that my camera on hand is still amazing to me. Skeptics may point out that: 1. this sighting took place very close to an airport 2. the sighting took place on July 3rd (fireworks)  Had I not seen the object myself for the duration that it was visible, and especially the emergence of the smaller white light, I too would have argued these as possibilities. However, the footage easily dismisses these arguments. It made no sound, and it moved unlike any fireworks I have ever seen. Especially the way the white light speeds up after separating from the red light. My 4 year old can be heard in the background trying to figure out what it was that we were seeing. No mention of fireworks, but he did say maybe it's a rocket ship. Whatever it was, it was a blast being able to see it and film it.;34.9258130115423;-82.2399912906611
5 bright red lights, not flashing or strobing seen on clear night sky.;2012-08-01 21:50:00;5;5 bright red lights, not flashing or strobing seen on clear night sky. On August 1, 2012 at approximately 9:50 pm ET I walked outside to get something out the car and noticed a very bright red light coming from a west/SW direction (back towards batesville rd) moving in a north/nw direction.  At first I thought it was a helicopter or plane as we see them frequently near the GSP International Airport.  However, after a few seconds I ruled that out because it made no sound and was not flashing/strobing – it was a single red bright light, no green or white secondary lights. I watched the first one go past my location and then suddenly go out.  It was 30 sec to 45 sec from the time I first saw it in the distance until it went out.  It moved in a regular straight line, at a constant speed, appearing to climb in altitude. Almost immediately after the first one disappeared, I noticed a second light in the exact same location (west/sw) and following the same path as the first.  I ran inside and got my wife to come out to see the light.  It hade moved on past our location and then went out at approximately the same point as the first.  This happened 3 more times for a total of 5 over about 5 minutes.  The altitude appeared to be about the same level as I usually see local news helicopters. I was able to grab a set of binoculars in time to look at the last occurrence.  The light appeared as a solid sphere.  I would have to compare it to seeing a red traffic light several hundred yards away on a dark night. It was a mostly clear night and the moon was shining very bright.;34.9258130115423;-82.2399912906611
Two white objects moving North;2013-03-12 23:05:00;20 seconds;Two white objects moving North Two white objects seen in linear formation equal distance apart moving north in front of the constellation Cassiopeia.  Objects moved to fast to be conventional aircraft.  Objects faded into the blackness of sky.;34.9258130115423;-82.2399912906611
I observed a white, illuminating dot hovering in the night sky and it ascended and disappeared.  ((anonymous report));2017-02-01 11:30:00;3 seconds;I observed a white, illuminating dot hovering in the night sky and then elevating towards the sky and disappearing. It was my mother and I and we were pulling into our neighborhood late at night, after a trip to Charleston.  As we approached the house, I saw a small white light in the air that looked like a star.  A second after noticing it, it ascended at a rapid elevation into the sky until disappearing.   To note, the object rate of acceleration was too high to have been a helicopter, so I Immediately discarded that idea.  I did however, suspect it to be an LED helicopter, which are small, colorfully illuminated toys that are flung up into the air at a high speed.  If not a manned craft of some nature, this would appear to be the most likely explanation. However, this white object lacked any of the flashing colors of the LED toy (which would consist of blue, red, green, etc), and did not fall back to the ground at any noticeable time.  It merely hung in the sky for a single second, and then took off into the sky.  I myself am very open minded to the possible existence of extraterrestrial UFOs however, I also firmly believe that the majority of such sightings are either hoaxes or misinterpretations.  This understanding is what prevented me from making a post earlier when it happened.  However, after learning through research that there has been a number of small UFO sightings in the unexpected area of upstate South Carolina, I thought that perhaps mentioning my quick encounter could be worth while.  Do note that I am not making a firm conclusion that it was of extraterrestrial origins, but rather that I cannot come to any definite conclusion to what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.9258130115423;-82.2399912906611
It was a white, illuminating object that hovered in the sky for a second and then ascended rapidly.  ((anonymous report));2017-02-15 23:30:00;3 seconds;It was a white, illuminating object that hovered in the sky for a second and then proceeded to ascend at a rapid rate of speed. It was my mother and I and we were pulling into our neighborhood late at night after a trip to Charleston.  As we approached the house, I saw a small white light in the air that looked like a star.  A second after I noticed it, it ascended at a rapid elevation into the sky, until disappearing.  To note, the object rate of acceleration was too high to have been a helicopter, so I immediately discarded that idea.  I did however, suspect it to be an LED helicopter, which are small, colorfully illuminated toys that are flung up into the air at a high speed.  If not a manned craft of some nature, this would appear to be the most likely explanation.  However, this white object lacked any of the flashing colors of the LED toy (which would consist of blue, red, green, etc), and did not fall back to the ground at any noticeable time.  It merely hung in the sky for a single second, and then took off into the sky.   I myself am very open minded to the possible existence of extraterrestrial UFOs however, I also firmly believe that the majority of such sightings are either hoaxes or misinterpretations.  This understanding is what prevented me from making a post earlier when it happened.  However, after learning through research that there has been a number of small UFO sightings in the unexpected area of upstate South Carolina, I thought that perhaps mentioning my quick encounter could be worth while.   Do note that I am not making a firm conclusion that it was of extraterrestrial origins, but rather that I cannot come to any definite conclusion to what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the time indicated above, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.9258130115423;-82.2399912906611
