Orange orb;1997-01-15 23:00:00;40 seconds;Orange orb An orange glowing orb.  Not too big in size it seemed...  Maybe 4 or 5 feet across?  It seemed EXTREMLEY close to the pass road my friend and I were driving through.  It was hard to tell exact distance and size, since it was dark. (honestly, I'm not very good at judging distance.  But I can tell you that this was very close!) The area is elevated and hilly. But my best guess, is it wasn't higher than 20 feet above the road we were traveling on.  It was stationary, and did not move. I don't know the exact name of the area, but it is just east of Ellensburg, WA. We viewed this for such a short time, (maybe 40 sec.) The thing I remember most is that it was dripping something of the same color. Also it seemed to change it's size slightly. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have requested that the witness attempt to establish the date of the incident, if possible.  Incident apparently occurred somewhere on Interstate 90, between Ellensburg and Vantage, which is located on the Columbia River.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) Thank you for the reply,   I wish I could pin down the date more accurately.  But I do not keep most of my records or receipts longer than 1 or 2 years.   To the best of my recollection, I think it was January '97.   I was coming home from a very rainy Puyallup the day before.  (Driving back to Selah, WA) The night my friend and I saw this, it was cold but not extremely cold and not raining. One other thing I observed, was that the object was not a perfect orb. The brightness of it from a distance seemed to be a circular glow, but as we drove closer it seemed to come to a bit of a point at the bottom of it.  But maybe it seemed that way because it was dripping whatever it was...?   Sorry I can't offer more info.     I admire your research.  I will continue to visit your Web site, it allows a forum for those of us who don't understand what we witness.   Thanks again,  ((name deleted)) ((END));47.0046000000002;-120.5068
Orange dripping orb.... WA;1998-11-15 23:00:00;15-20 sec;Orange dripping orb.... WA My friend and I were heading home late one evening (from another one of her dreaded dog shows!)  We were driving east on the very outskirts of Ellensburg, WA.  We were chatting away, trying to pass the time since it was a long trip home.  It was an extremely clear (and slightly frigid) night.  We both noticed that off to our left, about 50 feet away, was a stationary, extremely bright, orange,  seemingly burning orb.  At that close proximity, it seemed to be about 3 feet across. It was very unnerving. Niether of us talked much of it for the duration of the ride home.  I think we were struggling to rationalize it.  The oddest thing that sticks in my head today: Is that it was DEFINATELY dripping something. (I haven't found anyone online that has seen one dripping. (?) It was a thicker consistency than water it seemed.  It's hard for me to guesstimate how high off the ground it was, as the hwy/road we were driving on is elevated from the valley floor below.  But from the perpective of the level of the road, It could not have been more than 30 feet.  So Maybe it was 100' of the ground?  Final note:  Oddly enough, when I was trying to research this phenominon at the local liabrary - I found a small book entitled Orange Light Theory!  The information was focused on the history of similar activity in that area dating back into the native american history.  It also noted that one of the more recent and documented cases were from volunteers that were at fire look out builings located on each end of the valley.  They both continuously kept tabs with each other via radio, on whether it was something for them to dispatch firefighters.  Or whether it was one of the stationary orange lights they were getting used to seeing. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.0046000000002;-120.5068
