Craft that produced no noise, accelerated from still to unreal speeds,  had 3 crafts or 3 sections.;2004-03-17 22:50:00;15-20 min;A craft that produced no noise, accelerated from still to unreal speeds,  had 3 crafts or 3 sections. Unclear to how many craft there were, (Three sets of light, 2 the same, the one in the middle differant) they all could have been one craft because they where flying together perfectly.  I was driving down main street in Ellensburg Washington as i saw 2 sets of 4 lights in a dimond shape sitting completly still, there where to lights changing from red to blue and back that where spaced dirrectly in the middle of the 2 dimonds.  When i first saw them I passed them off as 2 radio towers I had never noticed.  Once I got closer I realized they couldn't be Towers because they would be anchored in where a houseing complex was.  I stoped my truck and got out as I was looking up, all the lights started moveing slowly towards I-90 produceing no noise whatsoever, As it moved my radio made static so i turned it off and roled down my window so i could hear clearly.  I jumped into my truck to follow it because I realized I had my camera.  As I was trying to find my camera i enterd the I-90, The craft was dirrectly in front of me about 100 yards a head of me.  The then picked up speed and left me behind in a matter of seconds.  I saw it pass over the horizion in the dirrection of Seattle washington.  I would say that it traveld over 50 in less than 5 seconds.  IF my math is right the craft would have been traveling at 36,000 mph, accelerating from still, to 70 mph, then to full speed.  I took 2 pictures but I doubt they will turn out due to the darkness and the urgency i took them in.  By the way the address below is my home address, I am at college now.  The number is my cell phone so I don't know if i can take a collect call but I would be glad to talk to an investigator if you would like to speak to me.  I will e-mail the pictures as soon as i get them on my computer(if they even show anything) Feel free to write me an e-mail. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness on two occasions, and we found him to be quite credible.  We posted his graphic to the website.  The lights he illustrated are not totally incompatible with aircraft lights, we believe, but if in fact they streaked to the west and over the mountains in a matter of seconds, as reported, the object(s) could not have been an aircraft.  PD));47.0046000000002;-120.5068
Dome shaped lights near Ellensurg;2005-07-31 21:15:00;5 minutes;Dome shaped lights near Ellensurg My house is 8 miles north of Ellensburg on a hill overlooking the Kittitas valley and Manastash Ridge where the highway to Yakima cuts through. It was just begining to get dark and our driveway alarm buzzed so I thought the deer had come to graze so I looked south down the driveway but saw nothing.   From the kitchen I noticed 3 very bright lights well above Manastash Ridge and to the east of the pass.  I went into the living room to get the binoculars. The lighs didn't apear to have moved. There were 3 bright spots, one above the other and the third to the right, all fairly close to each other.  With the binoculars it was plain to see that each light was infact several lights which formed a domed shape with a flat bottom.  After a couple minutes one of the forms dimmed and disappeared then so did the other two.  In another couple of minutes all 3 appeared again in the same place as before.  Then after a short time they all faded and disappeared.   As this ws happening I could see the car headlights coming over the pass and the UFOs were much brighter and bigger than any of the car lights.  I gotta tell you that they scared the hell outta me!  Oh the lights were white, no colors or flashing seen.;47.0046000000002;-120.5068
