Object with lights over Chicago on 12/15/06, with bright center light and lighted extensions from the center (spider like).;2006-12-15 01:00:00;30 Minutes;Object with lights over Chicago on 12/15/06, with bright center light and lighted extensions from the center (spider like). This is the 2nd time we have seen this object in three weeks - and about at the same time and in the same sky position, directly over Chicago. It is a bright center light, with colored, almost spider like lights coming from the center light.  Most of the time it was in the same position, but then turned and looked triangular, with lights on the side.  We observed it on both occasions for 30 minutes, but don't know how long it was there - we stopped watching after 30 minutes.  The first sighting, was accompanied by a craft which was very low flying with a red beam of light, sometimes pointed to the ground - NOT A PLANE.  We actually thought at first it was a helicopter with a light searching for someone / something, but it wasn't making any noise.  We couldn't believe it wasn't on the news.  I've been looking to see if anyone else made a report.  I probably wouldn't have made a report myself, except this is the 2nd time we've seen it, the first being about 11/24. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a landing light, which can cause the visual effects the witness describes.  However, that is pure surmise, on our part.  PD));42.1689;-87.8546000000001
Strange, bright, blinking object over Deerfield, IL.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus, we wonder.  PD));2010-08-13 00:01:00;5 minutes;Strange, bright, blinking object over Deerfield, IL Looking Westward from a private residence in Deerfield, Illinois, 10 minutes by care from Downtown Deerfield under mostly clear skies. My boyfriend and I had stepped out of my room onto my balcony around midnight in hopes of glimpsing the Perseid meteor shower when my attention was drawn to what I thought was a very bright, multi-colored star that was blinking wildly.  Though I thought this was unusual, we dismissed it and looked elsewhere in the sky for signs of the meteors.   When I returned my attention to the star, I found that it had moved Westward and toward the horizon significantly.   We then watched its motions for several minutes, noting first to ourselves and then aloud that the object was swinging strangely from side to side.  This seemed curious especially due to its apparent distance from us.  If the presumed object seemed to us the size of a very bright star and it was performing such wide swinging motions and there was only a slight breeze that night, I assumed this might not be a conventional aircraft or an object being manipulated by air currents. Thinking the rapid movements of our eyes may have caused this pattern of movement, I scanned the sky for a star and attempted to produce the same affects but could not.  The motion seemed to be real and not a product of autokinesis. We procured my Meade ETX-70AT Telescope upon my boyfriend's suggestion.  Magnification did not clarify any apparent shape of the object.  At times it is obscured by clouds.  Before it became obscured below the treeline, we observed it erratically blinking red, white, blue, and green.  No observed trail, surrounding haze, beams, spikes, glow or what have you.  No observed heat or odor. Did not contact the police, ufo center, press, military, or nearby airports though we observed commercial aircraft concurrently. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus, we wonder.  PD));42.1689;-87.8546000000001
