New Years 1981 Crashing Disc;1981-01-01 01:00:00;30 mins;New Years 1981 Crashing Disc I was walking across the band pratice field on South Bickford across the street for Ette Dale Jr High New Years Morning appox. 01:00 Am from my girlfriend's house. I saw in the far northwest a object that looked like a rocket launching. I was taken aback and continued to watch the event as the object came closer I changed my mind on what it was to an airplane on fire. As it came closer to the High School I changend my mind again to a U.S.S.R. Missile, bits and pices were falling off of it and I was stuck not knowing either to run home and warn my mother or run back to warn my girlfriend. I just stood there watching the object come closer two huge beams of light lit up the town looking to me like it was searching for a place to land ( I had changed my mind again to a crashing plane until then.) It came to me that none plane that I knew of had search lights on it as tahey continued to scan the area even reflecting off the silver roof of the hight school. And I didn't know what it was until both light merged on my in the middle of the band field, I was temporay blinded by the bright white blue light. Cars stoped on the street behind me South Rock Island and people got out yelling what is that! I looked up and saw a craft with the back end blown off ti looked like a cookie with a bite taken out off with bits of white flakes falling off of it and disappering before they reach the ground. I saw windows running the lenght of the ship and red emergancy lights in the background and people running from the the back to the front of the craft. One being stopped and saw me looking up at them I want so badly to communcate with them so I waved the being wave back another being ran by stopped and looked at me. It pulled the being I was waveing at away from the window as the craft continued to the southeast, seven alterating disc of multicolor shot off the the south west the disc changed colors were white,red,blue,green,yellow then back to white. I continued to watch the now crewless ship go the southeast and it split ! into thr ee segments and was gone. I rushed home and told my mother what had happend then rushed to a friends house. He was watching T.V. and the announcer came on saying If you seen a strang sight in the sky... She was cut off later in May on the NBC World News Tom Brokaw said it was a Russian Rocket booster. It didn't look like a rocket booster to me! ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested that the witness attempt to contact other witnesses to the incident, and locate any newspaper articles that may have been written.  PD));35.5376;-97.9638
