Shifting formation of amber lights;2001-07-20 23:30:00;15-20 minutes;Shifting formation of amber lights A little bit of background info:  This experience happened in about mid-summer of '01, before we moved out of our old house.  It was situated on a nice, high hill, with a beautiful view of rural PA and a very dark western sky.  I was a hobbyist stargazer growing up in such a nice dark sky, so I have a rudimentary knowledge of sky measurement.  I occasionally liked to look out my window and stargaze for a bit before going to bed.  Around 11 pm or so one night, I happened to look out and notice an odd sight:  5 or 6 bright amber lights, ranged widely-spaced line on a rising angle of perhaps 15-20 degrees to the horizon.  The lowest, most southern light was perhaps one fingerwidth from the horizon, while the highest northern one was about three fingerwidths.  The lights were all sort of.. drifting in their line, upwards and northern slowly in their line.  Then, the most northern light suddenly speeded up and faded off into apparent nothingness.  The rest of the lights continued to move along the path, until the second light was in the position of where the first had been.  A new light then faded in in the southern end, apparently slowing down from come speed, and took the hindmost position.  I watched this, and another shifting, for perhaps five minutes, then went down the hall and knocked on my parents' door.  They called my brother, and all four of us watched this for another five or ten minutes or so out of their large bedroom window.  I went and got my pair of binoculars to try and see if there were any other identifying lights on the objects.  I could see none, but I noticed either some sort of odd fuzziness or atmospheric distortion, as if they were at least a good few miles away.  My parents got bored and shooed my brother and I out of the room.  So I went back to my own room and watched the 'scene' for another few minutes, the objects rotating in their line another two times, until all of the lights sped up and faded out of view from their then-present positions, and not returning.  Between the first sighting in '01, and when we moved in spring '03, I've seen the same objects doing various boring things (cruising slowly just over the horizon and fading in and out, speeding up etc, singly and in pairs) four or five times.  I'd grown a bit used to it, but the memory still sends my hackles up, as they say. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.7793;-75.6945999999999
