Small, silent, brightly lit, extremely manueverable, very low-flying craft 250' behind my rural home;2013-05-28 22:00:00;<20 minutes;Small, silent, brightly lit, extremely manueverable, very low-flying craft 250' behind my rural home May 28th 2013  Approx. 10:00pm. I am a 56 year old grandmother and teacher, who has lived in the same rural home for over 30 years. Nothing like this has ever happened to me before. I was sitting outside around 10:00pm, enjoying the warm spring night. Looking to the south I thought I saw a jet flying west toward Green Bay, but much too low.  I thought it was in trouble, and sent a prayer and good energy to all aboard (all I could do, really).  It seemed to even out and gain a bit of altitude and arced toward Green Bay.... but continued coming closer and and closer still.  The odd thing was, it made no noise.  The lack of sound had apparently made me think it was a jet and much farther away than it actually was. It was not a jet at all but a small, single-engine airplane sized, brightly lit (large blue and red lights on the sides, none on underside) extremely maneuverable COMPLETELY SILENT aircraft flying VERY LOW 50' feet or so above farm fields behind my home.  I could see the plowed fields lit dimly by the lights of the craft.  Could not get proper idea of shape of craft, lights were too bright.  Perhaps the body itself was black, I really could not make it out at all. No attempt at concealment.  Flew around very low in the fields behind my home, over to the woods, back around. It didn't do anything alarming...the nonchalance of the flight (did not seem furtive) made me think it was a DEA plane checking for pot fields....but totally silent awesome little planes zipping around?  I do not think we have such things. Kinda creepy though... I crept in the house after watching for 10 min or so, scared b/c I may have witnessed a... I don't even know.  I peeked outside after another 10 minutes or so, and it was still swooping around.  Unnerving.  I think I'd rather have it be visitors from space than a spy plane, truth be told.  Did I summon it by sending prayers and positive energy?;44.4395;-87.5602
