Husband saw a greenish/white streak that seemed to be motionless;1999-11-16 18:05:00;2-3 minutes;Husband saw a greenish/white streak that seemed to be motionless My husband didn't want to report this but after I heard you on Art's show last night I thought I'd report what he told me. Last night around 6:05 pm (central) he was driving home when he saw a streak of light that seemed motionless. He said that if he had measured it in the car window it may have been about 1 1/2 to 2 inches long. He's not sure about the width as his view was partially obscured from the trees. He noticed it for quite a few minutes from what I gather. He said it didn't seem to move, in fact it seemed to follow his car. He said it was very bright and was greenish/white in color. He thought he'd get a better view when he came around a curve and it was less wooded. When he did, where this object should have been it was just gone. He slowed down and looked for it but it was gone. I believe he said it was in the western sky.  If it helps, on the map we're about in the middle of Tennesse, nearly on the TN/KY border. He has asked that our names not be used, just kep confidential to you only. Email if you need to. Thanks.;36.4215;-84.9384
A very slow moving, white with a greenish tint streak of light moving in a northern direction.;1999-11-16 18:05:00;30 to 45 sec.;A very slow moving, white with a greenish tint streak of light moving in a northern direction. My wife wrote to you earlier of my observation.  I was traveling home on the evening of the 16th, and at 6:05 p.m., a light out of the corner of my eye caught my attention.  When I looked up into the sky, just above the woodline, I saw a streak of white light with a greenish tint to it traveling very slow in a northern direction.  There seemed to be broken up in sections, like the lights might have been windows.  I had heard earlier that day that there was a meteor shower scheduled for that evening, so I thought I was seeing one of the meteors.  But it traveled so slowly, so I continued to watch it while driving down this curvy road.  The view of the object was cut-off by the woodline every so often so I couldn't tell if it was a low flying airplane of some sort.  I've been in the reserves for 13 years now and I've flown in transport planes and they can fly at a very slow rate also, so my next guess was that, maybe a C-130 or something like that.  I knew that in a moment I would come to a clearing and I would get a good view of the craft, because by the time I came to a curve, the object was completely obscured by the woodline.  When I came to the clearing, which was only 8 seconds from the last time I saw the object, it had vanished.  It was a clear, starlit night.  I heard nothing, but I had the windows up.  There wasn't any traffic in front of me or behind me during this event.  It wasn't a reflection of any lights on the inside of the vehicle or the other side of the vehicle.  The craft, or object, was moving ever so slow in the same direction as I went around a few curves.  I'm not a believer in UFO's, but I don't renounce them either.  I'm the type of person who has to see it to believe it.  I would like to know what it was though.  I know the heading of the craft is right because the next morning (this morning) I took a compass to the sight and noted my bearing.  Just thought you'd like to know.  Thanks for listening.;36.4215;-84.9384
I've watched the skies for several years and have never seen any lights do what these 3 did.;2000-11-19 17:30:00;2-3 minutes;I've watched the skies for several years and have never seen any lights do what these 3 did. I was outside making sure my animals were put up for the night, and I had just let my dog out. She had twisted her chain up so as I got that straightened out I was looking at the stars. I'm familure with the planets and with how airplanes look as they pass over. I saw nothing unusual until I looked toward the north. There I saw a bright light come on. It grew in brightness until at one point it was brighter than the planet jupiter. It only tooks a few seconds to grow in brightness, then it went out. The total time the light was on was about 8 seconds.  When it went out I could barely make out a small light that was dimmer than a very distant star and much smaller than an airplane. I watched it travel for a few seconds when another light, just like the first, came on in front of it. It did the same with the light coming on then going out. I watched them take turns doing this with several seconds in between the time one light would go bright. When the two were dim they didn't have any blinking lights on them at all that I could see. When they were nearly out of my view I saw another light, the same as the first two, come on go out but it was going in the opposite direction.  I watched it do that for several times then went to get my husband. When he came out none were to be seen, even though the 3rd light should have been visible. We watched and saw no lights, not even those of planes.  The first two were coming from a south-east direction going north-west while the 3rd was taking the same path only in the opposite direction.;36.4215;-84.9384
