Flame/afterburner looking discharge out of a white light, then large conical white light with subsequent development of green haze.;2015-11-07 17:55:00;12 minutes;Flame/afterburner looking discharge out of a white light, then large conical white light with subsequent development of green haze.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD)) I was driving over the 215 overpass headed from Redlands to Riverside (at the 215/I10 junction) when I saw a cigar shaped object moving from south to north, parallel to the earths surface in the western sky. The object initially looked like a blow torch flame, or the after burn out of a jet engine. I initially thought it was a rocket, but it looked nothing like the rockets I have seen launched from Cape Canaveral ( I live across the river from the JFK space center in Florida and have seen many launches). The flame/after burn died out and left only a white dot of light. This light slowed and there was a large conical white light that emitted from where the initial white dot was. I thought it could have been a spot light reflecting off clouds but it was a cloudless night, and it didn't look like a spot light. I also thought it was a search light from a helicopter, but it was totally different. The conical light stayed for about a minute or two then started to ! dim, and a green blob of haze started to form adjacent to where the white conical light had been. The green haze was fairly bright for another minute or two then it too slowly started to dim. This was all seen over the lights of the inland empire. I could see planes with landing lights, and what I saw was not a plane. I could also see stars through the light pollution, and this was not a star.  I have no idea what this was, but would like to hear from someone else (other than myself and my three children) who saw this. It was mind boggling. I am not a big believer in UFO's but I felt obliged to submit this because I don't know what else to do. Very interesting stuff tonight.;34.0295;-117.31
