Giant UFO and an unidentified creature all within ten minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  Perhaps not a serious-minded report???  PD));2007-11-07 04:10:00;10 Minutes;Giant UFO and an unidentified creature all within ten minutes. In November of 2007 I had stayed late at work for an extra half shift in which I left work around 03:45, I do not remember the exact date.  I had two events on my way home but only told my family once, most of them said I am crazy. I was driving on a main road fairly close to the West Michigan lakeshore.  I was driving from Holland Michigan to Grand Haven Michigan, heading in a northward direction. Durring my drive, I noticed the area being illuminated with an orange light.  I automatically assumed this was from the sun at first.  I got to thinking about it and it was way too early for the sun to be out. This was around 04:10.  I noticed the orange light becoming brighter and there were some clouds over Grand Haven that were glowing bright orange, there were no other clouds in the sky except the giant ones that were glowing orange. As I was driving closer, I continued to keep my eyes on the clouds.  There were eventually three giant glowing orange what appeard to be thrusters, there was also a shape that appeared, could see the back where the thrusters were and the bottom.  This thing looked like a star destroyer from Starwars! It was huge! The backside where the thrusters were was possibly a mile across, maybe more. The craft was about as far off from the ground as low storm clouds, so not very far. I drove within a third of a mile from being under the craft and it just disappeared. The clouds it seemed to be hiding in went with it. The area also turned completely dark again, it had been brightly lit from the thrusters of the craft. It made no sound. After this sighting, I continued to drive home.  I was already worked up from the giant ship, which was very close to my home.  I continued down a back road so I could get home quicker.  As I neared my street, I saw a pair of red eyes glowing in my head lights.  The eyes were at the end of my street where I had to turn.  As I neared the creature, it stood up on its legs like a human!  It was thin, stood taller than my street sign and was black in color, it was standing in the middle of the road and I could see fairly well.  I planned on turning and hitting the gas to drive past it, however I was distracted by a flash that appeared to be like a camera flash that was in the back seat.  I looked in my rear view mirror to see what it was.  There was nothing! I had only looked in the mirror for a split second then looked back because I had to turn. In that split second, the creature had disappeared. Sorry folks, I know how to defend myself quite well and even have a weapon in the car for self defense, but I was not about to wait around to see what that thing was! I have seen bears, it was way too thin to be a bear. People don't have red eyes and I don't see many people that skinny or black in color. I ran to the door of my house! That was a freaky night! I am glad to get it out there, I don't care if people don't believe me. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date in November 2007 is approximate.  The e-address associated with this report makes us wonder whether it is, in fact, a serious-minded report.  Just a hunch.  PD));43.0301;-86.1865000000013
I observed a triangular shaped airborne object, with 3-round amber lights, 1 at each corner, with a small red light in the center.;2014-08-24 01:30:00;3 minutes;I observed a triangular shaped airborne object, with 3-round amber lights, 1 at each corner, with a small red light in the center. Encounter:   I was observing the night sky from my driveway and I saw a Triangular looking Object in the sky with “Round Amber/Yellow Lights” that formed a Triangle.   I was using binoculars to get a closer view of the object as it was far off in the distance.  Howeve,r I first spotted it just with my naked eyes.   There were 3 amber lights that were constantly lit on the object, which defined its shape with 1 smaller red light in the center.   This object seemed to be traveling at an uninterrupted, slow, smooth speed.   This Object seemed to be rather large in size and larger than most Aircraft I’ve observed. I observed this Object lit with Amber lights until it disappeared out of sight.;43.0301;-86.1865000000013
Driving S on US 31 To. Ins road.  Large triangular craft with red, blue, green light on each corner flying W to E. ((anonymous report));2017-09-25 20:13:00;5 seconds;Driving south on US 31cross street To. Ins road.   Large triangular craft with red, blue, green light on each corner flying west to east just over tree line in upright position, then maneuvered flat. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.0301;-86.1865000000013
