A brief description of three separate UFO sightings and encounters.;1984-08-15 01:00:00;10 minute;A brief description of three separate UFO sightings and encounters. We were coming back from a concert at one in the morning.  As we came into the valley out of a canyon we could see a light flashing above Utah State University’s experiment farm in the distant.  I asked my friend who was driving “what is that?”  At first he said that it was the radio tower, I told him it was the wrong side of the highway.  Then he said it was a plane but I stated that it wasn’t moving.  So then he said that it was a helicopter and I said that it wasn’t making any noise so he asked what is was and I said was a UFO.  As we got closer, it looked like a submarine in the sky.  It didn’t reflect light. You could tell where it was by what it blacked out in the sky.  In the center of the craft was what looked like a conning tower, like that of a sub.  But on the bottom there was a ring, in which two lights went around. They looked like laser or diode lights.  One was blue the other was red, almost like cop lights.  One would go around the ring until it wo! uld hit the other light then stop.  The other light proceed to do the same until it hit the other light then both would go until they would meet and the process would start over.  On the very bottom there were two more lights.  A strobe light, like what you see on any plane, but probably had it so it would not get hit by one of our planes.  I don’t know just guessing.  The other light was like an incandescent, it put out light that you would see coming off regular soft white lamp.  This light I think it was a camera that was filming the two guys working on tractor in the middle of the night.  The light from the camera was the only light that reflected off the craft and it was a small area.  The craft seemed to be interested in the universities two men working on the tractor. It was hovering about 200ft above the tractor not making any sound. The men didn’t seem to be aware or act like the craft was above them.  This was just about 50ft from the highway where we were driving.  It was about the length of a semi trailer.  As we passed I told ! my frien d to stop because we had just seen a UFO but he kept driving.  I kept looking back and got mad because he wasn’t stopping.  When  I finally looked towards where we were going I looked ahead and saw what I thought was another one hovering right in front of us, and I yelled, “there’s one there”.  To my chagrin it was a milk tanker all stainless steel with lights around it parked looking at the original UFO we saw.   We went back to my apartment and got on my roof with a spotting scope and pointed it toward the where the UFO was.  But it was too far away to see it. The reason I am telling this that the next Sunday a week later I was awaken by what sounded like thunder or a sonic boom.  Then it started to rain about as hard as I had ever experienced.   I was sleeping about 4ft from the window and it still splashed on my face. It didn’t wake me up completely at first. But then I noticed that all of sudden the rain around my apartment stopped but I could still hear the rain elsewhere.! I also remember seeing flashes of light which I thought were lightning, but I didn’t hear the thunder. Then I drifted off to sleep and the rain started up again and that was that, so I thought. Three days later my neighbor comes up and tells me what had happened. He said that he came outside to watch the storm from his porch. He said when the rain stopped above my apartment it was still raining around us but not where I was, above my apartment appeared those same red and blue lights and they hovered as close to my roof as it could get but a power pole and a willow tree prevented it from going lower. He said it hovered for about ten minutes and slowly drifted away towards a school a block away. He said it took him three days to get the courage to tell me. The willow tree branch that stopped them turned yellow and the leaves died, the next few years the leaves on that branch turned yellow and wouldn’t go green.   A few months later, coming down from the mountains from elk hunting we see this light in a low lying cloud, it was flashing.  ! When we got on the other side of the cloud where the flashing was coming from, we saw a UFO.  We all pile out of the truck and start looking at it. It was about a thousand feet off the ground just hovering.  I get out the binoculars and take a good long look at it and I see seven more above it in a V formation.  I was the only one who could see them because of the binoculars. Well the craft which looked like a hubcap, slowly rose about 1000ft then took off slowly to the southwest towards the Powder mountain ski area.;41.7552255434782;-111.820095652174
