Three lights on the bottom of an unidentified aircraft form a triangular shape. (in South Carolina) 4-28-04 in Varnville at 11:35 p.m.;2004-04-28 23:35:00;5 minutes;Three lights on the bottom of an unidentified aircraft form a triangular shape. (in South Carolina) 4-28-04 in Varnville at 11:35 p.m. On Tuesday night April 28,2004 around 11:35 p.m. I saw what appeared to be an unidentified craft to my eyes. At first from a side view, as it was coming from the west heading towards a north eastern direction it looked like a normal plane. The object had two lights blinking on and off on the side,(one was green and the other red) on what seen to be the bottom of the aircraft were three big white lights forming a triangular shape. The object was moving very slow at about ( I would guest 30-45 miles per hour). As I kept looking at the craft it tilted a little bit to its side where I could see only the three big glowing light at the bottom. I was amazed to see this unusual object go by almost in a non noise making movement. No sound came as it was coming towards my direction and none was heard as it passed almost on top of where I was standing, just a couple of hundreds of feet away. Dispite the distance this thing looked huge. AS it went on its direction and I could not see it anymore I went back inside my house and tried to go to sleep. I tossed and turn and could not sleep. However the times I did go to sleep felt like it was a long time to me. But as it turned out to be it had just been 30-45 minutes of sleep. I don't know what caused the lack of sleep but I could not do it. In the morning, I told my wife what I had seen last night. She told me that it could have been a airplane. My responce was that if indeed it was an airplane it must have been a huge one with those kinds of lights on the bottom. But the more I remembered what it looked like the more it did not look like an ordinary airplane as she had claimed. I did not call any authorities to the scene because it was late and they would have dismissed it as a late night practical joke. This is the second sighting I have seen since moving tothe state of  South Carolina. Can someone explain what this object was.And by explaining it to me, I do not want to know that it was an weather balloon because it did not look like a weather ballo! on. If s omeone else saw this at the same time in the state of South Carolina please tell me about your expirience with the object.  Thanks,  ((name deleted));32.8358;-81.026
