bright flashing light moving erratically across the sky. when viewed on tv screen, it dances around at super speeds even in slow motion;1999-08-19 22:00:00;15 min;bright flashing light moving erratically across the sky. when viewed on tv screen, it dances around at super speeds even in slow motion. An extremely bright- white flashing object spinning in place. Then it began to dart in every direction across the sky at impossible speeds. It would go one direction and then another in a blink of an eye. When paused on the video we recorded it seems to be disk shaped at one point then cone shaped at another.;38.1089318840579;-122.228439130435
bright light formation of different colors, sometimes stationary, sometimes moving erratically;2007-06-13 21:45:00;50-60 minutes;bright light formation of different colors, sometimes stationary, sometimes moving erratically I was sitting on the deck in my back yard, enjoying the warm evening, and just happened to be looking up at the stars, watching planes fly by. I began to watch what i thought was a plane in the eastern sky. It had different colored lights that were flashing(red, blue, yellow and green) When I tried to determine direction of flight I noticed that it was stationary for the most part, but then it would make sudden erratic movements in all different directions. I thought I must be seeing things, so I waited for my husband to come out. When he cane out to the deck I asked him if he saw the plane to the east. When he saw it I asked him to watch it for a minute. He flies planes, so I figured he could explain what it was I was seeing. After watching it for a few minutes he asked me to bring him his binoculars so he could get a better look. By this time our daughter wanted to know what we were looking at. We pointed out the lights to her, and by this time the lights were changing shape too, and we all saw what appeared to be colored orbs? shooting off sporatically in different directions.We noticed that there appeared to be a simular light formation on the horizon, also in the east, and another to the north. A friend who lives not far called about this time and asked what I was doing, I told her I was watching a ufo, she laughed, accused me of being on drugs, but went outside to see this ufo. I told her to look east, and find the plane, which she did, and I told her to just watch it. Her daughter came outside with her, and then her son too. This is when we all saw a flash in the sky, like  lightening lights up the sky, with out thunder, but very bright for just an instant. We watched this light show for almost an hour before the main light formation seemed to be splitting into two sections, first blue then red, but the whole time getting farther and farther apart until we couldnt see them any longer. We saw planes flying last night too, but it was almost like they were unaware of the light formation, which is strange since we live not too far from a military airbase. Then an hour or so later, we experienced power outages and power surges lasting only a few seconds, but enough to cause a blow out of surge protector for one of our computers. Dont know that it was related at all, just kind of coincidental.;38.1089318840579;-122.228439130435
