I saw 7 lights in the South sky near my home/airport and they did not move for hours until they disapeared one by one.;2004-04-15 22:00:00;2 hours;I saw 7 lights in the South sky near my home/airport and they did not move for hours until they disapeared one by one. We were sitting at a small airport in our town. Only single engine planes can land there. We were facing south looking out into the field when we noticed 7 very large, very bright lights up in the sky. They were all in a row, yet slightly curved downward. As if they were the mouth of a sad face. The lights were not pulsing or flashing. They were just stuck in the sky, not moving at all for about an hour we watched them. I remember watching UFO shows when I was younger. I remembered seeing the Phoenix lights in Arizona. These lights reminded me exactly of the Phoenix lights, and that is when I started to get creeped out a little bit. I was talking to my friend who was with me about the Phoenix lights and he started to get creeped out. I have lived next to that airport for 19years and not once have I seen these lights in the sky. I also know the difference between a star, satellite and an airplane. These lights were very large and very bright. They were glowing an amber/green color. We drove to my friends house who lives right next to the airport, we could see the lights from his back deck. He said he saw them appear in the same place the night before. They turned on one by one he said and stayed in the sky for 2 hours or so. As he was telling us the story the lights began to turn off. They just disappeared one by one in order. It was the most amazing site I have ever seen. Just like that they were gone. I went home to tell my father what I just saw, and he claimed that he had seen them 2 nights ago, but he just thought they were landing lights on towers for the blimp to use when it was landing at night, but during the day I could not see any towers. I don't know what they were, but the lights have not been back since that night, so it could not have been anything for the airport.;40.518;-74.8453
