Military jets were in close proximity to a single white colored UFO;2013-09-07 09:45:00;2 minutes;Military jets were in close proximity to a single white colored UFO Around 9:00 a:m I began to hear what I believed to be military jets crossing the partly cloudy sky and didn't think too much of it because often military jets take off from Burlington and cross over Montpelier.  However, as I looked up to try to catch a glimpse of the jets I saw what I believe to be a single white to off white colored round or oval shaped object traveling at a rather slow speed in what I believed to be the opposite direction of the jet(s).  It was, at some times covered by clouds, but I was able to view it for over 2 minutes making it's way from roughly north to east, but I believe the jets had just passed by going the opposite direction. Hard to say if the military jets were on a routine training exercise or if they were trying to track the object.  Conversely, perhaps the jets were on a routine training  operation and the object was checking them out.  Total speculation, I realize, but I did in fact see something like I have never seen before I wish I had a telescope so I could have picked out more detail.;44.2654;-72.5764
Red, twinkling, disappearing and reappearing lights in the sky.;2016-01-20 19:00:00;1-2 minutes;Red, twinkling, disappearing and reappearing lights in the sky First, it was one flashing red orb, about the same size as a star.  Then another one appeared to the right of it.  As both flashed, one disappeared, then another one appeared, further to the right of the second.   For a moment all three were there then all vanished, one by one.   A few minutes later more appeared, as many as 5 or 6 at a time in the sky, near each other but not connected.   They would disappear and reappear in a fashion that made it seem as though they were moving further off to the south in the sky until they disappeared beyond the treeline.   A little later, two non-commercial planes flew off in that direction.;44.2654;-72.5764
