1970s cop sees massive UFO in rural Vermont;1975-10-15 19:30:00;5 minutes;1970s cop sees massive UFO in rural Vermont 	I am only a young adult with a keen interest in the supernatural (mainly cryptozoology) and while I have never really had an interest in UFOs, a story my grandfather told me did happen to pique my interest enough to consider it worth sharing. 	My grandfather is relatively young, and still sharp as ever. He is currently retired and living in the Mid-Atlantic, but he was born and raised in the Green Mountains of Vermont. In the 70s, he worked as a police officer in the capital city of Montpelier. 	Just after dark in the fall of the mid-70s, my grandfather was on Interstate 89 on his way from Montpelier to Burlington. As a cop, he knew just about every major project in that relatively small and unpopulated state, so he was surprised to see some sort of construction project on the side of a small mountain. 	He could make out a huge dark shape (which at the time he presumed was a small mountain) covered in bright lights, slightly obscured by the unusually hazy air (considering the time of year.)  Since it was October and the Vermont ski season was fast approaching, my grandfather believed it was construction of a new ski resort. He pulled over next to around a half dozen other motorists who were trying to see what was going on but he couldn’t figure out exactly what it was.  It did not make any noises louder than those coming from the highway behind him. 	The next day, on his way back to Montpelier, he pulled over at the same milepost so that he could get a glimpse of it, but to his surprise, there was nothing there.  He looked around, and was able to locate where he stopped the night before, but this time, the “mountain” had vanished, and there was no sign of it anywhere.  To this day, he claims that what he saw that night was a massive UFO that had landed among the Vermont countryside. 	I have noticed that it is an option to be contacted by an investigator.  While I did not check the box, I would be willing to chat with one if they have any questions or think my report is of any significance.  If so, my email is in the contact info (which I would like to be kept private.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.2654;-72.5764
Appeared low in the WSW as a fuzzy star about as bright as Jupiter or Venus. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));2004-08-31 21:00:00;15 min;The object first appeared low in the WSW as a fuzzy star about as bright as Jupiter or Venus. Then I saw that it was elongated horizontally with dimmer blurs of light above and below the central bar of light, which through 7x binoculars showed as a two part bar. It was about 1/3 the size of the moon. The end of the bar to my left (SE) was more pointed and there was an occasional pinpoint flash of light just to the left of the point. The object rose slowly and when about 45 degrees up it seemed a bit over 1/2 the size of the moon and had more structure. It was like diffuse almost back to back curved parentheses crossed by the two part bar. It was travelling in a direction perpendicular to the bar. by the time it reached the zenith it was dimmer and to the naked eye was just a blur, though structure was still visible through binoculars. It moved slower than any satellite I have seen. It made no sound. the sky was very clear and full of stars, with just a few left-over cumulus clouds. Sunset was 19:27 and moonrise was 20:30, though the moon was behind a hill from here at the time of observing this object. I attempted to photograph it but don't know if the slide exposed 5 sec - handheld - braced against a porch post will show anything. See the sketch I emailed. My background includes a PhD in physics, a commercial pilot certificate, and experience teaching astronomy at a community college. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and we found her to be exceptionally objective in her description of the object.  We suspect that she is an exceptionally good witness.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Result of earlier missile launch.  Please see:  http://www.spaceflightnow.com/atlas/ac167/040824track.html http://space.com/spacewatch/mystery_cloud_040901.html PD));44.2654;-72.5764
Large linear object, low flying banking west in washington county VT.;2013-02-06 18:15:00;20 seconds;Large linear object, low flying banking west in washington county Vt   Very long structure, connecting 5-7 lights...  Perhaps 1km in size.  Flying to the north of montpelier, banking to the west, and dipped below the horizon/mountain.  Very long, very clear, distinct.   Slow moving.   My wife and 4 yr old child all stared mouths agape.;44.2654;-72.5764
