pulsed humming sound, object zips overhead;1971-06-10 09:00:00;few seconds;pulsed humming sound, object zips overhead I know this was a long time ago...but for the record. It was the late spring of 1971. I remember it was June as school was just about out for the summer. Not sure of the exact date but it was a Saturday morning. I and two of my friends would always take our dogs out for early morning walks to let them chase rabbits. They never caught any but had a helluva time at it. We were walking three abreast in a southeasterly direction. I was on the right side of the trio. I remember my friend Rick, who was walking in the middle was talking about something, when I heard this extremely high pitched, pulsed humming sound. It was really weird, not loud at all. The way I've described it to the few I've told this too is that it was kind of like a dog whistle in audible range. For reasons that I do not know I stopped in my tracks and looked up. I saw this object out of the corner of eye to my right, out over the hills of the southern peninsula in the bay area. I was now looking west-southwest. This thing zipped, and I mean ZIPPED overhead in a somewhat northeasterly direction, disappearing over the foothills to the east in a matter of seconds. With it went the strange pulsing hum. Suddenly, I heard Rick say, What are you guys looking at?. I then proceeded to look forward to where Rick was now standing about ten or so feet further down the trail. Then I looked to my left and my eyes met those of my other friend Craig, who had also stopped in his tracks adjacent to me.. I could tell by the look on his face that he had seen it too! We then proceeded to tell Rick what we had seen. He did not see it but said he remembered the weird sound. The object was circular, kinda dark but was moving so friggen fast little detail could be seen. It left no trail of any kind. The sky was crystal clear and this sighting (and hearing) was very real. It wasn't swamp gas or a meteor, and it sure as hell was not a plane nor jet aircraft. It WAS an Unidentified Flying Object, period. Had never seen anything like it prior, nor have I seen, or heard, anything like it since.;37.5473346246972;-121.985918159806
Golden UFO Sphere in the Sky;2012-06-15 04:58:00;10-15 minutes;Golden UFO Sphere in the Sky I was in my backyard having a cigarette between the hours of 430-515am on June 15th 2012.  Out of the corner of my eye I noticed a roundish bright golden light coming over the mountain by the radio antenna's.   I watched it flying then suddenly stop in mid air.  It proceeded to stay there for about a minute then took off towards the south and disappeared.  There was no sound coming from the object like you would hear if it was an airplane. I was so excited to see this phenomenon I got on my Facebook page and mentioned it and how bummed out I didn't get it on video.  I continued to watch that part of the sky and mountain area for a while longer.  Suddenly a rainbow colored light appeared on the mountain.  The rainbow colors reminded me of a prism. The object appeared out of nowhere.  It was like a light that was turned on except it illuminated a large part of the mountain with rainbow prism like colors.  The roundish rainbow colored object rose about 100-200 feet off the ground then proceeded at a slow pace northbound along the bottom of the mountain.  The object stopped turned bright golden color and rose quite rapidly straight up and hovered in the air glowing.   I grabbed my cell phone at this time as it hovered in the air to record a video.  I posted the video on YouTube at  http://youtu.be/9Oh_M32WdBw  In the video I tried to get some reference points like the moon and another plane that happened to be flying over at the time of filming.  Neither plane nor object interacted with each other.  I continued to film the object until it started flying southbound out of sight. I have lived in this area since childhood and fully aware that I live over the flight path of 3 major airports. I know the difference between a plane, helicopter, hang-glider, para-sailing, etc.  I was asked (was it a Chinese lantern)  Oh not even close. The size of the object on the ground was huge. Chinese lanterns don't come in sizes of mansions that I am aware of.  There isn't even a helicopter the size of this object I witnessed.;37.5473346246972;-121.985918159806
3 orange balls in triangle formation then moving independent of each other.;2013-02-16 21:00:00;2 minutes;3 orange balls in triangle formation then moving independent of each other. On February 16th 2013 myself, my wife, and a friend were standing in my friend’s back yard when we looked eastward to see three hovering orange colored balls in a triangular formation.  As we watched for what seemed like several minutes the formation broke up. One of the objects moved rapidly up and to the right and disappeared.  While this was going on I pulled out my iPhone and started to take video of our observations.  The two remaining objects seemed to move up and away from our position and seemed to turn to a bright white color as they moved away. Oddly there was no sound as you would expect with a jet, light aircraft or helicopter.  Additionally the flight patterns were not consistent with any aircraft that usually transit this area.  The movement of these objects as we observed would move right or left, stop and hover then cross within what appeared to be very close proximity of each other.   I sent the video of this sighting to your organization which you can hear the reactions of the three witneses.;37.5473346246972;-121.985918159806
Strange small bright white orbs and other small slightly faded colored oblong shaped objects  seen in the evening sky;2020-11-18 17:04:00;1 min;Strange small bright white orbs and other small slightly faded colored oblong shaped objects  seen in the evening sky At approx. 1704hr on Wednesday, November 18, 2020, I was driving northbound 880 from  westbound Auto Mall Pkwy, Fremont, CA. Traffic was light to moderate, roads were dry.  Pictures were taken looking west,  while traveling north.  As I was driving home I took a bunch of pictures of the beautiful sunset. I take many photos while driving, just click away and then look later and hope some came out okay.  Well, last night I took many shots and when I got home to check if any of them were good, I noticed 13 of them have strange tiny lights in sky amongst the clouds. I will try to describe some of them below.   The first one has little group of them 2 oblong type, then bit below that small orb, to the right a strange cluster of an orb with little ones around it or a trail. (all white in color.) (I had to zoom in to really see this one, I thought it was a star)  The next picture (you really have to zoom in to see) a white orb with very faint one next to it... and the to the far right edge two together, one faint and one slightly colored red/orange? and the a bit to the right of that is another small one orb. I thought these must be stars too?  The next photo 3 now has from the left side near the top 3 oblong objects in a row, one on top the other equal spaced and same size, also that faint red/orange color, mid photo lower in the clouds another small faint red/orange oblong object and just below that the large white orb now brighter with a white tail or long white line below it.  Photo 4, again still in the clouds up high in middle, blurry white orb, then below that the large white orb (looks covered by some cloud) and orange lit something directly next to it.  Just below these are a small cluster of 5? smaller lights/orbs.  Photo 5 center towards the top of picture in clouds, same bright orb with small orange and 2 tiny white orbs under it.  Just below that cluster is a tiny cluster of bright orbs, and what looks to be about 11 all lined up.  All of the first 11 pictures are timed stamped 1704 hr.  The last 2 photos, in middle towards the top in almost clear sky now, 3 tiny bright white objects, might be orbs but not quite round. This picture is time stamped 1706 hr.  I did not see any of these things while I was actually driving, I just held my phone and clicked away when there was an nice open shot for my sunset. There were buildings and trees blocking the shot before my 6th picture.  There is one picture that is the real first picture, which has nothing in it just the beautiful sunset, and the next ones have all these lights and things in it. I love taking photos, and this is not anything I have ever seen in my life.  It is not the common glare or spots I sometimes get. I have double checked my truck to see if any of the lights match or can reproduce what's seen, I have no lights that face my side driver window to cause a reflection. I have double checked my phone to see if the follow up pictures had any smudges or glares that caused any orbs, all met with negative results.  Thank you for your time in this matter.;37.5473346246972;-121.985918159806
