It was around 11:30 pm and I saw rising up behind the trees a multi colored object.  One  light was flashing,  it happened so fast.;2004-10-16 23:30:00;1 minute;It was around 11:30 pm and I saw rising up behind the trees a multi colored object.  One  light was flashing,  it happened so fast. It was around 11:30 pm and I was looking outside my window, a second story apt , looking at some stars that seemed to be moving around. I got my binoculars out and started to look but did not see much and just after looking at these stars I saw a multi colored object come out from behind the trees ( mountain ) and rise up.  It was all full of colors, it happened so fast, I saw alot of red, orange and maybe other colors I do not remember it happened so fast and I was exicted. This object rose up, it was a beautifull colored ruby red or cranberry red beautiful color, it had which looked like two lights but only one was flashing. The light that was flashing was to the left, or it's right light, it was large and flashing quickly and the other was not, it went up and than started to travel towards my direction and I left the apt and went to the other side to see it. I went ouside, looked up and saw it continued  traveling, but it was traveling more like a fast plane, not like a helicopter speed but like a plane, fast plane.  It all happened so fast.  It just came out from behind the tall trees, rising up, alot of colored lights, not a star, nothing like a star it happened so fast I can hardley remember now or right after what I saw, but it was there, like a christmas tree and I saw it mostly from my binoculars at magnified close up.  It is almost like I can not remember it and so soon after?  I saw something, something that was filled with alot of colors, flashing like headlight, only one of the two? flashing? rising up behind the tall trees.  I live in the mountains, a apt complex.  I have had missing time or where I was one minute in one place and than something happened and I was much further along on two occasions and on another like some type of time change, but in the same place.  I have also had like something like out of body but more like spirit travel, where I instantly and with no notice, begin to feel I was traveling underground, to NY, on to a UFO and I saw three beings, military blanket on the first floor, computer panel circular room on second floor.  Another time, the same type of expereince of travel, where again I was very relaxed but not really asleep, traveled again but this time on a rocket, much faster, landed like a ufo would land  one two three very easy and fast, and I found myself inside a  dome  enclosure.   I also saw about 5 years or so ago, a bright white ball of light traveling very fast, from the west to the east around 3am in the am in south florida.  It seemed intelligent to me.    Thanks.   I wonder if what I saw tonight was a ufo, alien  or could it have been a government craft since it was , once up in the sky traveling at a speed more like a fast plane?  but the ...all the colors!  the cranberry apple bright beautiful color red?  the one flashing light?  the light was like a smaller version of a spotlight but much much bigger than any plane would have when seen flying!  it was amazing but it all seemed to leave me, what I saw seemed to leave my memory so fast?   Behind these trees there seems to be activity.  I saw once a large big white like spot light facing me, directly in my direction? than it moved to the right and just was gone?  there is nothing behing these trees but woods....the mountains?;36.718;-83.7675
