Saw a bright, soundless light hovering for 45 min., that slowly moved off to the north.;2001-01-27 19:30:00;45 min;((NUFORC Note:  We wonder if the witnesses ruled out the planet, Venus, which is quite prominent in the western sky at the time indicated.  We will contact the wintess about that possibility.  PD)) Saw a bright, soundless light hovering for 45 min., that slowly moved off to the north. Bright light seen hovering in the western sky for a period of 45 minutes. Aircraft from Ohara airport could be seen circling around behind this object. Object appeared to change shape half a dozen times, but stayed a constant brightness and distance from us. We watched it thru binoculars, but couldn't make out any definite details.After about 45 minutes object slowly moved to the north at a slow but constant speed until our view was blocked by buildings. No noise accompanied this object, although we could hear aircraft that were in the area. I myself have an extensive back round in the aviation field, having worked as an aviation ordananceman in the USMC on 3 different aircraft and I work for a military subcontractor that makes parts for aircraft cockpit displays. This was no aircraft, ballon or other flying object I have ever seen before! One other witness had been a tech on an Hawk missle battery in the USMC and he couldn't identify this object either. The other three witnesses were my wife, daughter and her boy freind. We all were excited to see this and stood outside for 20 minutes in the cold to look at it with the binocular's.;41.9228;-88.0756
Observation of red light that stopped and changed direction at a very high speed multiple times.;2017-02-18 18:00:00;10 minutes;Oservation of red light that stopped and changed direction at a very high speed multiple times. Updated:  Grilling on my deck I observed what appeared to be an aircraft in the eastern sky in a regular pattern I have seen for decades where I live.  It displayed a flashing white light then changed to a non blinking red light.  The object (5-10 miles out?) appeared to be hovering as planes around the O'Hare airport area were constantly moving.  It seemed to drop very fast then turned to the north and sped at unimaginable speed.  Almost like a laser pointer but the sky was clear and no sound.  It then stopped again and changed course slightly continuing north.  I walked out the north entrance door of my home and observed the same red light moving north at a high speed where it stopped directly north and dropped at a high rate of speed below my field of view.  This could not have been a regular or military aircraft, helicopter or even a drone.  Nothing I know of could maneuver that fast. I have never seen anything in the sky like this in my life.;41.9228;-88.0756
Oservation of a craft that stopped and changed direction a a very high speed multiple times.;2017-02-18 19:00:00;10 minutes;Oservation of a craft that stopped and changed direction a a very high speed multiple times. Grilling on my deck I observed what appeared to be an aircraft in the eastern sky in a regular pattern I have seen for decades where I live. It displayed a flashing white light.  I noticed a red light appear and then the craft stopped suddenly,  It then changed direction to the north and sped up to a much higher speed.  It then stopped and changed course suddenly again and continued north.  I walked through my house and walked out the north entrance door.  The aircraft was moving north where it stopped at some point and dropped at a high speed until other homes were blocking its view.  I have never seen anything like this in my life.;41.9228;-88.0756
