Object moving erratically in sky stopped by spot light;1999-10-10 21:30:00;5 min;Object moving erratically in sky stopped by spot light Ok this is a event that took place on 2 days  Day 1.  It is harvest time and the sun set.  You could see most of the stars.  It was a very calm night i felt no breeze and i could hear everything clearly (type of night).   My father come out to relieve from combining corn me so i can eat.  I get in the pickup and he makes 2 rounds.  On his way back from the second round (he is heading north), I get out of the pickup and took a big breath of air.  I like warm calm nights makes me feel alive so to say.  I turn to look north towards our place (1 mile north) cause i wanted to look at the big dipper.  All of the sudden I see a bright light in the sky to the north east,  If you would take a welding arch white type of light that is how white it was just not as intense, though it stood out like a sore thumb (if you held your thumb out in front of you and put it over the light would be about the size of object, If you are into math you can use info later here to estimate size).  I thought nothing of it and looked at where my father was with the combine and he was heading down the hill not quite half way in the field.  I looked back wondering if i could hear any engines thinking it was a helo or a plane.  Heard absolutly nothing except the faint sound of the combine.  It would have been between 5-7 miles away and about 2 miles or 3 miles ubove the ground. I looked back at the light and noticed it was moving erratically.  Now by erratically i mean it moved up and down in the sky really fast but in very short bursts (not far up or down but very fast).  It also did not stop but did move forward fast then slow down in short bursts (not far forward and would slow down).  I had to turn away and blink to actually see what i have been seeing. While watching the movement I was also thinking it either was unmaned or had inertial dampeners.  With how fast it was moving in the short burts no human could stand the movements for a long period of time. All the movement was done on a line so to say (basically draw a straight line and it would move up and down on it and then move forward fast and slow down on it.  When it moved up and down on it it would move the same distance up and down on it). It would move up and down and then move forward on that line and move up and down again. Sometimed it would move forward once slow down and forward again and slow down again, then move up and down 2 times in a row.   It was heading south west.  Needless to say i had seen that object move to the south west and i had watched it for about 3-5 minutes till I could still barely see it and i quickly crawled up the ladder to the combine asked my dad if he could see it in the distance when he got to the end and he couldn't see it (very bad eye sight).  He thought i was nuts and made it up.  Day 2  2 days later. We were done early with the field we were harvesting and we took the rest of the night off.  I got the little 22 rifle and a spot light and went rabbit hunting.  It was an identical night to the first night calm, no wind 70 degrees out or so.  Anyway I had gone out back and got just to the north end of our trees (100 yards of trees) and seen the exact same thing only 1 mile closer.  Moving the exact same way exactly same movements.  I got chills down the spine.  First thing i did is listened for an engine.  Heard nothing.  Looking for anything i could use to identify it.  Saw nothing.  Then i thought to myself shine the spot light on it (1 million candle light power).  I shined it on it for a second as i was looking NW now (the closest I would be to it).  It stopped moving erratically and started moving in a straight line on that line i was telling you about before at a constant speed.  I then shined it on it again and got scared out of my mind.  A flashing light turned on underneath the object (in my mind to fool me or someont to think it was a plane).  I went running back in the house and told my dad and again he thought i made it up.  I use to go hunting all the time and sit for hours patiently waiting for a skunk or something snooping around.  Never went out again after that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.6702;-97.4986
