Two bright lights seen North East of Ontario, Oregon.;2001-08-03 03:45:00;530;Two bright lights seen North East of Ontario, Oregon. On the early morning of 03 Aug 2001 at approximately 0345 I had just went to bed when my wife came into the room and said that the strange lights were in the sky again.   (Sightings of strange lights were seen over Boise about 2 weeks earlier and I had seen one of them over Ontario and had mentioned it to my wife).   When I got out of bed and quickly went outside she pointed them out to me.   There were Two very bright lights in the North East sky about 5-10 degrees off horizon.    If you were to hold out your hand, they would be spaced approximately one palm distance apart. They were brighter than any star around them or any type of planet.   They were bright like aircraft Taxi  lights.    I thought that because of the brightness, they might be aircraft however the lights never changed direction as would be expected. I was in the USAF for 6 years as a Avionics Specialist so I've seen hundreds of aircraft coming in for approach.  Within less than a minute or so I ruled them out as being aircraft coming in for a landing.  (There were no Airports in their direction anyway). Object (A) was Left of Object (B) and slightly lower over horizon.   It was dimber and yellow orange in color.  It was still much brighter than the stars. Object (B) was much brighter even than Object (A).  Its color would change from yellow to white.  Its intensity would also change.  I was looking at it though binoculars.  It seemed to pulse at irregular intervals.   This could also be seen with the naked eye. We stood outside and watched them for a half hour.  I took pictures of them with my camera on time elapsed exposure.   As time went by they were were not moving upwards as normal stars would be but they were moving South.   It was slow movement.   I could tell this because I was resting my camera on the roof of my parked car and the objects were creeping slowly  south torward a near bye neighbors tree and eventually into it. The neighbors tree is East of my location.   I called New Channel 7 in Boise and reported the sighting to them at approximately 0400. I also called a man at a nearbye prison who works in a Tower there.   He could also see the lights. My wife stayed up and watched the lights until the sun came up and then stopped observing them.    I went to bed at 0430. The next night on 04 Aug 2001 at 0400 my wife went out to check on the lights again and they weren't there. The third light was seen by my wife and disappeared as she was coming into the house to wake me. Sould the pictures turn out good, I will send them.;44.0416;-116.9783
Ontario Oregon: A bright yellow-ish light moved across the NE sky, too close and too fast to be a plane.;2011-06-22 04:22:00;a few seconds, multiple o;Ontario Oregon: A bright yellow-ish light moved across the NE sky, too close and too fast to be a plane. In Ontario, Oregon, at around 4:22 am, I witnessed a bright light outside my window in the sky.  I would call the color yellow, but it seemed to be a little more faded than a true yellow.  It seemed to have manifested out of nothing and traveled, from my perspective, what seemed like in inches.  Then disappeared as quickly as it appeared. It was round, but only in the sense that light is round.  It had a sort of light around it too, but it could have just been me seeing the light from whatever I saw shining around it. Looking out the window, it was in the northeastern part of the sky.  It seemed to be a bit closer to me than a plane would be and it was brighter.  The light was not flashing.  It also seemed to traveling faster.  But I can’t be totally sure, I keep slowing the event down in my mind to try to understand. What truly irked me about this was that earlier in the night, I saw a shooting star.  It was quite dim, and was traveling horizontally to the horizon in the western sky.  And the night before last I went out to my car to get my cell phone and I saw a shooting star then.  But it seemed very close and very bright.  But this light was more of a white-blue color.  And it traveled down in the western sky. I think it was only in the sky for a few seconds, but it went behind trees.  It was still bright enough to see through the tops of trees but I can’t be sure how long it was actually there. I am 19 years old.  I have always believed in life beyond our planet.  But I had never seen evidence of it. I do not get paranoid.  I do not subscribe to conspiracy theories.  I am very skeptical about most things.  I think I have a pretty good head on my shoulders, but this really scared me.  I’m still very confused by it.  I just want to know what I saw.;44.0416;-116.9783
Satellite accelerated and changed directions around a seperate satellite very suddenly and quickly.;2020-04-28 10:50:00;15 seconds;Satellite accelerated and changed directions around a seperate satellite very suddenly and quickly. My Dad and I were relaxing on the front lawn by our house watching the stars and chatting. I saw three satellites come up over the trees from the Northwest, heading East. They were bright white lights like typical satellites, but they were extremely bright (I estimate an apparent magnitude of -3.5).  I pointed out to my dad that there was a Starlink train coming up over the trees but it stopped at three satellites. A few seconds after they had all cleared the trees, the third satellite in the line suddenly vanished.  The other two continued on for another five seconds before the second satellite accelerated very quickly to the South. Assuming this was in LEO, they may have been traveling at four or five miles per second. Based on this I estimate the satellite accelerated to upwards of eight miles per second in less than three seconds.  The satellite then accelerated to nearly twice its original speed as it's still curving towards the south. Once it had finished accelerating towards the East, the satellite immediately began curving back North, stopping its Southward movement and accelerating to the same speed in the opposite direction in only a few seconds.  Once it was perfectly in line with the other satellite it ceased all movement on the North/South axis immediately as if it had hit an invisible wall. It continued to gain distance between it and the other satellite before it vanished. The remaining satellite continued on as normal.;44.0416;-116.9783
