two amorphous flying objects;2007-08-28 09:37:00;3min;During the night two amorphous flying objects emerged to the left of the East Mountains from a small cloud that still contained lightning.  One of the ships suddenly “died” went grey and fell like dust across the sky.  The other ship went back in the cloud and disappeared;40.2679625954198;-111.661476335878
We saw a group of about 12 dim lights moving together in the night sky in a graceful fluid pattern.;2010-07-27 23:00:00;5 minutes;We saw a group of about 12 dim lights moving together in the night sky in a graceful fluid pattern. (boy) It was around 10:45 p.m., when myself and my girlfriend were taking a late night walk around the outside of the college campus.  After walking for awhile we decide to lay down and relax for a bit in a nice grassy area.  It was a nice spot with many small trees well spaced apart.  Me and her were relaxing just talking looking up into the sky when I first spotted a group of lights.  I then pointed and said to her what's that? right there...that group of lights then I jokingly told her right there it's a UFO.  Of course she didn't believe and said something a long of the lines of no it's not!, but then 30 seconds later she spotted it as well.  So then for a good five minutes we watch the group of lights trying to talk out what it might be. (boy) The pattern of the lights is best described in my opinion is that of a school of fish swimming together. It was about 10 to 12 very dim lights in the very far distance (past the cloud line) moving around together in a very fluid motion.  The overall movement was not in a straight line, but as I said like a school of fish moving in a large circle.  Very fluid, very pretty, and very graceful movements.  The lights were very hard to keep track of, and we both had to strain our eyes to see it, but what we both saw is very consistent and unmistakable. (boy) Neither of us can say that we believe that is was aliens or anything to that effect, but what we did see doesn't a line with anything we've seen before.  It could not have been a plane, helicopter, or satellite.  It was very foreign to us, and I thought it would be best to report while the event was still fresh in our minds. (Girl)  I don't exactly know how to describe what i saw because i have never seen anything that nearly resembles it.  To me it looked as if an invisible bubble that was nearly the size of the moon was containing a small group of 12 or so fire flies.  The light didn't move like fire flies, the movement of the light was so fluid and graceful. It was so hard to see the lights at times but once you had your eye on the lights it was unmistakable what you saw.  The lights almost looked red to me but I'm not sure, just like dim stars look red sometimes.  The lights moved together in random patterns, but as they moved in their sphere they as a group moved in a circular movement.  The lights didn't flash at all they were completely solid unlike a plane light or like a twinkling star.  We watched it together and discussed what we saw for about three minutes until a cloud moved in front of the lights and then it was completely out of sight.  There was no sign of the lights through the ! clouds.  We sat for about a minute and were a little confused at what we saw and decided to get up and go home and tell my boyfriends family what we had seen. (Girl) While we had been watching the lights I had mentioned that we should call someone so that they could come outside and see what we had seen but then I realized that no one would be able to see it unless they knew where to look and also the light pollution is bad and we had been lucky enough to have stopped in a slightly dense area of trees.  It was barely dark enough for the two of us to see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.2679625954198;-111.661476335878
