I had gone to visit with a friend at about 30 ave. and just north of northern, I arrived at his home and noticed his car was gone, he h;1997-03-13 20:00:00;5 minutes;I had gone to visit with a friend at about 30 ave. and just north of northern, I arrived at his home and noticed his car was gone, he had told me he had to go to the store so I just sat in front of his house in my car waiting for him to return. While I was sitting there I happened to look to the northwest where I saw what looked like four large, very bright white lights in the sky at about 30 degrees. It appeared that they were about one or two miles away from where I was, probably somewhere around 43 ave. or 51 ave. and Olive. These lights appeared to me to be in the shape of a very large diamond they were as bright as and maybe even brighter than those you would see on a commerical jet airliner. When I first saw them they were coming straight down out of the sky in a verical direction. I thought at first that they were the nose, wing, and tail lights of a large jet crashing into the ground, but what was really strange about this was that they were moving downward very slowly. As the lights came down closer to the ground they began to disappear behind the houses in the area, I was thinking to myself that very soon I would be seeing a large fireball in the sky from the crash, but it never happened. As I sat there thinking about what I had seen I decided that it was not a jet crashing because it was moving to slowly. I also decided that it was not helecopters because all of the lights moved downward at exactly the same speed, it did not look like flares because all of the lights were of the same intensity and were a bright white color more like you would see on a jet for it's landing lights, except much bigger and brighter. I could not see the body of any craft partly because the lights were so bright but also because it was so far away from me. I do remember that as I was looking at it thinking it was a jet crashing, I thought that it looked to big to be a jet, at that distance it would have been at least 10 times larger than a jet. A couple of days after this happened I was talking to my mother and told! her what I had seen, after I told her about it she told me that she had just seen on the local TV news a story about the Phoenix Lights that so many people all over the valley had seen on that same night. I was not going to post this at first until I read on here how many people had seen something like I had. This is the first time I have ever seen anything like this and I know what I saw was something out of the ordinary, I will never forget it and it has made me much more aware of the skys around me.;33.5847292857143;-112.190183571429
