A circle of stars rotating around a larger, pulsing star.  ((anonymous report));2010-08-21 23:00:00;5-10 minutes;A circle of &quotstars&quot rotating around a larger, pulsing star Island Lake, north of Athabasca, Alberta.  At approximately 11:00 PM on August 21st, 2010, I was stargazing on my back porch with my father when I noticed what appeared to be an unusually bright star. For some reason, I felt compelled to stare at it.  It looked unnatural to me.  My father said that he asked me what I was staring at, and that I did not answer him.  He said that I continued to stare blankly at the sky and that I did not react to any of his questions.  I do not remember him talking to me at all. When he looked back up at the sky, the star began pulsating.  It would surge brightly once every 3 seconds.  Several other lights which had appeared to be normal looking stars then began to migrate from random points in the sky and collect and circle around the larger star.  A halo of approximately 12 stars slowly made 3 full rotations around the larger pulsing star until one by one, each of the lesser stars were absorbed into the large one.  When the last star ! had been absorbed into the light of the large star, a blinding yellow flash lit up the sky.  I would describe the sensation as similar to having the flash of a camera go off a few inches away from my eyes.  When the flash went off, our 3 dogs that were inside the house started barking.  All the lights had completely disappeared by the time my eyes readjusted 10 seconds later.  I believe that the event lasted approximately 5 minutes.  However, my father insists that the episode was closer to 10 minutes long.  I may have lost time during this event.  I remember that afterwards,  I felt extremely tired both physically and mentally, and that I went to bed shortly after.  Surprisingly, I did not wake up until Monday morning, August 23rd - over 32 hours later. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));54.7233;-113.2858
