Large, plane-shaped object, illuminated by orange lights, seems to fall out of sky, but makes no sound.;2014-12-07 17:20:00;2 seconds;Large, plane shaped object illuminated by orange lights seems to fall out of sky, but makes no sound. I was driving on route 100 from Stowe into Morrisville on Vermont Route 100.  The sky was very dark and clear, and the stars were easily visible.  I was debating what route I wanted to take through Morrisville, when a moving object in the sky caught my eye.  I was on the phone as I was observing this object and informed the person I was speaking with that I was looking at something moving in the sky that was either a plane falling or a very large, abnormally slow moving meteor.   I only saw this object for approximately 3 seconds, as it was moving at a consistent pace and lost sight of it as it moved behind the tree line.  I attempted to find it again by continuing on the road that I hoped would give me a clear view of the object, but it was nowhere to be seen, in the sky or on the ground.  It was close enough to me that if it had been a plane crash, I would have felt the reverberations from its impact.   There is a small airport in Morrisville however I observed this object a few miles to the east of the airport.  Also, had this been a plane on its way to the airport, it would have flown over my vehicle.  I did not hear any sounds that would have been associated with the object.  The lights on the object were yellow/orange-ish.   The way in which the lights were traveling together and the number of observable lights are what caused me to initially think that it was a plane.  However, the lights on the object were all the same color which is why I also considered the possibility of it being a large, slow moving meteor instead of a plane.   My main issue with this explanation is that the object as a whole was not illuminated, distinct smaller lights could be seen along the object.  I am unable to accurately identify this object based on what I saw.   Also, I do not believe that my hypotheses of either a plane or a meteor, the only two possible explanations I could come up with, provide a sufficient description to provide a satisfactory explanation for the event that occurred.;44.5542;-72.6002
