Object moved through sky slowly;1998-07-07 01:35:00;5-7 minutes;Object moved through sky slowly I live in the northeastern part of the city, and the craft appeared just west of my position. I was in my room at the time. My mom was in her bedroom, laying down at the time. The craft had 6 lights on it, grouped together in a formation that made up a filled-in circle of sorts. much like 5 lights on the edges and a 6th one in the middle. They were white. The craft moved in a northerly direction, much too slowly for any airplane to travel. I would say maybe about 15 MPH at the most, but most likely around 5 or 4. They moved in a straight path along the sky. There's an antena about 2 miles west of here on the horizon, and it appeared to move over it. The object did not rotate. It moved north for about 5-7 minutes, and then suddenly it went straight upward into the few clouds that were in the area. There was no angle to it. It just moved upward at a 100% vertical direction. It kept moving until I nor my mother could no longer see it. We live in Massillon, Ohio, just south and west of the northeast corner of the state. If it helps, we live near the tuscarawas (sp?) river. There was no sound to the craft whatsoever.;40.8058597402598;-81.5183181818182
Green string of orbs, steady on then to strobes then disappears over populated town.;2014-03-18 21:25:00;4 seconds;Green string of orbs, steady on then to strobes then disappears over populated town. I went out my back door for a cigarette..  From the back door I can see to the east and northeast.  I was on the phone while smoking and something caught my eye and I seen, a perfect strip of large green balls, about 20 of them in a straight line.  It was low, like maybe 1/4 mile high, about a quarter mile out and straight up, about 1/4 mile long.. extending from southwest to northeast.  They turned on like a light switch steady on, bright green, and then all blinked faster and faster until it was like a fast strobe then went out all together at the same time, and this whole thing happened in about 4 seconds. It was so low and close..  I came in and explained to who I was on the phone with what I seen, and said I had to get off the phone to call 911.  I called 911 and explained to them what I seen, the dispatch woman just listened then asked if I could be put on hold.. while I was on hold I seen about 4 bright white close to the ground flashes far out on the horizon in the northeast..  dispatch returned and before she said anything I told her now I'm seeing bright flashes to the northeast.. she then said I needed to contact the akron canton regional airport.. and I asked if she had a number, which she couldn't supply me.. so I didnt bother calling because I doubt id get anything but a help desk.   I called who I was talking to before calling 911, they live north east from me, and they seen the flashes also.  I checked online with aep (american electric power) they have an outage map, and here in stark county 501-2000 were without power in this county.. and the ufo was about 7 minutes before transformers blew out north east from here.  And I believe the ufo was the cause of the power outage.   It was mostly clear out, and I could see the stars.. hardly any wind.  The string of green orbs didnt move, they were still.. its like they appeared, then went off.. it was way too close to the ground and it couldnt be anything explainable.   No sound, no booms, just there, then gone.  I dont know if it was 15 to 20 different objects or one solid object, i seen no outline, but it was perfect execution of them all on at the same time, all start strobing at the same time, and all out at the same time.   And im in a residential area.. and I dont think I was the only one to see it.   What i wonder is if there is an explainable reason for the power outage part, but it seems too much of a coincidence to me.  It wasnt neat seeing this.. it was scary, if I could take it back I would.  It was too close to my house and too low.   I have proof on my phone when I called 911, I have nothing else. . but like I said about the power outage must be a part of it. I left a voice mail on the hotline number.. I would be happy to talk to someone. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Massillon secondary report 20 green lights and power outage. Follow up on my report, I contacted the massillon independent and the American Electric Power Company (AEP) I spoke to a woman in the news department.  I dont remember her name, she said no one has reported anything and it was the first she heard.  She said she wrote the info down and will hold onto it if anyone else calls.  She also said maybe it was a plane... so whats the point in talking to her, she isnt going to make any mention of it in the newspaper. I called AEP, and didnt say I seen anything, just requested information on the outage.  She said it happened about 9:30 pm which is in line when I was on the phone with police and seen flashes after the ufo. She said it doesn't say in her system the cause of the event (ie: a squirrel) she said maybe something hit the line.  An insulator blew out and some other part with it I don't remember what its called.  At 3am when I went to bed aeps website stated the power was still out..  That's 5 and 1/2 hours later, I dont know when it was restored, but thats a long time. If it matters, searching google a mufon report comes up from feb 3, 2014.  20 lights in the sky moving of a different color in massillon ohio.  Mufon case number listed as 53907. Sounds similar, except the color and the fact that it was moving at high speed. I did my job reporting this, contacting the police, news paper, and power company..  I'm not an investigator, and I dont care to be known to any newspaper because nothing good will come  of doing so.  I let it be known something was here, and someone seen it. It was from outer space without a question, and I'm unnerved why it was even here and what made them decide to flash lights and knock out power.  Didn't seem welcoming, it was a small attack. One last thing about aep power, she said the power outage was North Canton, and didn't specify exactly what sub station or poles.;40.8058597402598;-81.5183181818182
Pentagon shape with red lights on the outside.;2014-05-16 22:05:00;5 minutes;Pentagon shape with red lights on the outside. We went to stop at a stop sign, and saw these lights. At first I thought it was a radio tower, but it began to move, with a each red light traveling at the same time.  I'm sure they aren't planes because plans have green one side.   They also seemed to fly too high to be a helicopter.   These 5 red dox built an almost perfect pentagon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.8058597402598;-81.5183181818182
