strange lights in sky;2005-10-30 21:00:00;few hours;strange lights in sky my nephew works in litchfield ct he has been telling us about these strange lights in the sky at night so last night we decided to go with him to see what its all about when we got there we saw several lights in the sky ! moving back and forth zig zagging  lights changing colors as they fly  making formations (triangle)all with no sound  they seem to come right out of the horizon over the trees then we would watch how fast they move across the sky with a blue streak behind them ! the blue streak happened last night and the night before (my nephew was there the night before with other friends)it was freezing last night so we only stayed an hour ! the neat thing is how they change colors from red to white these are not airplanes or jets  at times there are 6 or more flying near each other moving up and down left to right etc! the funny thing is they almost look like stars to most people but if you stop and watch the sky you can see all this activity very strange also i want to add it was a crystal clear night sky last night!;41.7618;-73.2007
Orange lights form triangular patterns and move and rotate in unicen;2005-10-30 22:00:00;1 hour;Orange lights form triangular patterns and move and rotate in unicen After my brother had reported seeing strange orange flickering lights in the sky performing maneuvers that defy our laws of physics and gravity, I, along with some friends of mine and my father and uncle drove up to the restaurant that my brother works at.  This is where the sightings took place, and apparently have been taking place for several weeks now.   While standing on a large hill overlooking a wide open golf course, we witnessed at least 3 at any given time, orange bright lights that almost looked like planets, that twinkled at times and flickered erratically at other times.  The lights would rise up slowly from the horizon, and then the light would go out and be replaced by a fast blinking red and white light.   At first we thought of an airplane, but then when the lights began moving from side to side up and down and in zig zag patterns, we knew that any aircraft in existance could not perform manuevers like we witnessed.  We also witnessed the 3 lights forming triangular patterns (perfect ones i might add) and this triangle moved in unicen and at times seemed to rotate on an axis.   We also saw an unbelievably bright blue streak that almost looked like a commet streaking through the atmosphere but the width of the two tales was too wide to be a commet.  Between the tales were blue streaks and it moved very quickly over our heads and disappeared without a sound.   We have been coming to this location almost every night and it seems as if the activity continues, but the lights get farther and farther away each time.  When my brother initially spotted these lights they were the size of a silver dollar in the sky, but have since become slightly bigger than a star and orange in color.   The objects can be seen only in a wide open area that is at a high altitude along route 63 in litchfield ct.  Objects seem to rise and fall below horizon line so its important to view the skyline from as high as possible.;41.7618;-73.2007
