Brilliant lights in the sky 100 fee directly overhead on a dead quiet nite,Without a sound,Nothing.;1972-07-21 22:00:00;10-12 min;Brilliant lights in the sky 100 fee directly overhead on a dead quiet nite,Without a sound,Nothing. Dead quiet, warm nite beside a large field.  I was in a house with some friends at the edge of the open field.  A friend came running inside where the rest of us were and yelled come outside quick and look at this. We went to the back yard and on the far edge of the field,three large red lights were assending up from behind the trees (about 1/2 mile away at the back of the field).  They came to a stop about 50 ft above the trees (or so it looked from that distance].  About 10 seconds later two very large white lights came up from the same place and stopped above the red lights.  After a few seconds the white lights started moving in our direction,very slowly and the red lights went back down behind the trees. As the lights got about halfway across the field the hairs on my neck were standing up.  We all knew something wasn't right about this. There wasn't a sound coming from anywhere.  A dog about a half mile away started barking.  It was so quiet that nite you had no problem hearing it. As the lights got closer, one of them veered off to the right over the trees about halfway over the field towards us.  The other one was heading right over our heads. We were paralyzed.Before this we all had joked since childhood about ufo's and space men. As the other one got closer {the est distance from the ground would be about 100'}I was going to run,but somehow stayed.The huge white light was just about over us and it started, very slowly to turn to the right over the trees.The whole time the thing that was the most obvious was that there was no sound or noise from it at all.Dead silent, directly over our heads,moving and not making any noise at all.The light was so bright you couldn't make out any shape. The light at about 100 ft over our heads was approx 50' in diameter.Incredibly bright. I don't know of anything that flies and can make precise turns like it did in the pitch dark of night that doesn,t make a sound.We looked at each other and nobody said a word. Something inside you lets you know when something is not right.With all of our knowledge,intelligence and reasoning we just knew what we saw.I happened apon a TV show and saw your web site, is why after all this time I feel relieved to tell someone that doesn't yea OK sure I have never been as frightened and thrilled at the same time in my life.;42.3513;-71.3626
Bright yellow light  accelerates above road in Wayland, MA to a high speed noiselessly.;1980-03-15 01:00:00;approx 30 seconds;Bright yellow light  accelerates above road in Wayland, MA, to a high speed noiselessly. Bearing east on rt 30, (commonwealth ave) and slowing to turn south on Oak st.  a passenger and myself saw a bright golden/yellow light in the distance seemingly a couple hundred feet above the road and following the path of the road.  It was difficult to guage the distance and the light was not flashing so I immediately pulled over to see what it was since it was moving fairly slowly.  As I pulled over and opened my window I stuck my head out to see the light immediately accelerate at an incredible rate over my vehicle and continue (possibly) following the path of the road.  During the initial part  of the siting we watched the light for perhaps 15-20 seconds.  After the light accelerated I jumped out to see where it was going and it was gone from sight in only a few seconds. It was a quiet night and we did not hear any sounds from the object whatsoever.  Less than a minute later a police officer pulled over and questioned us. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.3513;-71.3626
3Large Orbs and many smaller Orbs in plain view in woods adjacent to my house. Moved with intellegence;2001-03-08 01:30:00;1hr;3 Large Orbs and many smaller Orbs in plain view in woods adjacent to my house. Moved with intellegence The incident hapened a few days after we got plowed with a couple feet of snow in march of 2001. Iam glad I have a place to post this because what happened was very strange. I hope this is not too long. I have lived in wayland my whole life and live adjacent to miles of conservation land. No one knows these woods as well as I do because I have been out there almost everyday of every season since the early 1980s. There are no conservation trails in this area and does not see any traffic from dog walkers or hikers. The area is sort of swampy which I think helps keep people away. Its the kind of area that if you know your way it can take you five minutes to get to a point that would take someone else an hour to get to. I love it. Anyway. There sure is history out there in those woods. European settlers have been in that exact spot since the early 1640s. My woods was home to one of the original families. They were millers and provided timber for most of the early town works. But unusually they were quite far from their neighbors. Also there is an ancient fishing site thousands of years old well within walking distance. This site was also intricate in the king Philip Indian insurgency and the revolutionary war. This is a brief history of what I know about my woods out there. Maybe this pertains? At about 1.00 am I was in my yard letting my dog relieve himself before bedtime. Looking out into the forest I noticed a light, that looked to me like a candle being walked around through the trees at waist length. Knowing that there are no houses in that direction and that there should be no one walking in the woods at night I became curious and went with my dog about 30 yards in, past my yard to get a better look. I couldn’t see much but something was happening out there. The flickers of light I was seeing had no explanation, had never been there before, and shouldn’t have been there at all. But I could still hardly make them out, there was a hundred yards between us and lots of trees. I went inside woke up a family member and told them there were people in the woods with candles or flashlights. We went into the yard but the small flicker of lights didn’t impress enough to go out there and check it out. The next day my friend heard about this from me and begged me to go out there with him at around the same time, I agreed. We bundled up, I grabbed a B.B. rifle(makes me feel safer) and we headed out. Immediately we saw the same thing I had seen the night before, small flickering through the trees just above ground level. We were about 300 yards in when suddenly there was like a camera flashbulb going of in front of us deep in the woods,  about another 80 yards in front of us. Then one way to the right of the last flash, but still in front of us, then a flash to the left. Real bright flashes. The flashes then started flashing towards us. We were talking to each other saying you’re seeing this, right? There were about 30 separate flashes from different directions in front of us gradually getting closer and closer. One flashed about 3 feet from my face. It looked like someone struck a huge match of different colors but it was not fire, it was all of a sudden light from nowhere. They flashed about twice the size of a basketball and the one that flashed next to my face seemed like slow motion. When it flashed there was slow motion. that’s the best I can explain it. My friend and I looked at each other and ran back to the house as fast as we could out of sheer terror.(I should have stayed but my stomach got very queasy) When we got back to my yard. We talked about what we saw and decided it would be stupid not to go back out and really experience and try to interact and get to the bottom of the ORBS that just seemed to display at least some intelligence by coming directly to us. We walked in complete darkness back to the exact spot we had 25 minutes earlier seen the orbs. No flashes or peeks of light through the woods greeted us. We couldn’t believe they were gone. So we went farther. When we reached about 3 quarters of a mile into the woods(significantly farther than the initial experience)we saw light. Almost to the top of one of the oldest trees in the woods(an old field corner marker next to a stone wall)were 3 Huge orb lights circling this tree!!! We were about 25 yards away and they were suddenly in very clear view, literally in perfect view of us. They were about 6ft by 6ft and one was slightly larger and had a slightly different tint than the others they made no sound. We watched in shock, from an excellent vantage point for what felt like it was 10 minutes. I still had the B.B gun and we took turns looking through the scope at them for an even better view. They were totally unnatural and foreign to anything I had ever seen before. They had a natural very bright bio luminescence sort of look to them but the spheres themselves did look metallic. They slowly circled, lucidly, near the top of the tree. We started panicking about how we might start to get out of there. Continuing to face them we backed away. I turned and started running as fast as I could. When I turned to look back all three orbs had stopped circling the tree and had begun to follow us in a single file 10-12ft above ground. They were slow and didn’t catch up to us. We ran all the way back to the yard non stop.  In my yard we were safe.  We kneeled down panting, relaying to each other what had just happened. We had not said a peep to each other during the whole encounter trying not to give ourselves away. I haven’t seen anything similar out there since. Not even the initial flashbulb things through the trees no matter how deep I am out there. But in that spot, where the tree they circled is located the branches of all the surrounding trees are bent in the same direction in a very odd and obvious way. This, like the rest of the story is very hard to explain. Never the less it happened and it proved to me that there is much more out there that still is unexplained by modern science. If you have had a similiar encounter or have questions email me at ((e-address deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.3513;-71.3626
Light or energy flying object no lareger than 10-12 inches entered bedroom on more than one occassion;2005-05-01 03:00:00;1 or 2 minutes;Light or energy flying object no lareger than 10-12 inches entered bedroom on more than one occassion This actually occured on more than one occassion: I was sleeping and a flickering light form entered my room consisting of flickering lights in yellow red and green but all one color at one time( all green or all yellow or all red) . It was sort of rectangular craft shaped but not a disc. It was only 10 inches or so across. I was not afraid and simply watched it in a strange state of numbness. It moved from the window swinging around the end of the bed and then settling into position slightly above me on my right. I was completely aware of being remotely observed but did not feel afraid....it was like a floationg camera without supstance that I could see..just light/energy After it flew out again I simply lay down and went back to sleep. When it happened again a few days later I did not even really sit up...I saw it enter and just lay still... I was being observed..but I felt that perhaps it could read more information about me than just visual but that is only my impression or feeling at the time. I had no sence of impending danger. I would like to know if such things have ever been reported before.  I have since moved away from that house and have had other unusual experiences but not the same and I have not met anyone who is other worldly that I can recall. I hope it stays that way.;42.3513;-71.3626
