Object with bright red light hovered above my car siletly, and followed me for about five minutes then disappeared.;2005-10-02 00:30:00;five min;Object with bright red light hovered above my car siletly, and followed me for about five minutes then disappeared. The sighting occurred on a late October night, I had just left my girl friends house and I was on my way back to my house which was about an hour away. Basically the whole drive is on back roads, with not too many houses around just a lot of wooded country. About fifteen minutes into my drive I started spotting a red light that looked far away from me. I figured the red light was a plane or a tower of some sort, but I kept seeing it for the next ten minutes. This red light was not blinking or flashing just a constant beam of red light. Then all of the sudden it disappeared from the spot I was seeing it from. After about a minute or two the light appeared right above my car and it was following me. The light was much brighter now it was hard to focus on the road. I was trying to drive and look up at the same time. The object was maybe 10 feet above my car and I was traveling at approximately 40 miles per hour. It was hovering above me following me for about five minutes. The object made no noise. I regret that I did not stop and get out to get a better look of the UFO. I was scared stiff not knowing what it was. All I could think about was trying to make it home. I called my parents and my friends and told them, right after it happen. I was breathing so hard that they could not understand me. I had my doubts on believing, but this experience changed my mine completely. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.6095;-85.5863
UFO Sighting - Summer of 2013 – Heflin, Alabama;2013-07-01 20:00:00;30 seconds;In the Summer of 2013 I was on my front porch in Heflin, Alabama.  I was looking at the Southern Sky just about dark (central time).  I had been looking each night for a comet, that was supposed to be seen in our area.  I did not see the comet, BUT I did see this large round object through my binoculars. The first thing I said to myself was, “What in the hell is that?”  I was home alone at the time so no one else saw it, so I decided not to say anything about it.  Since then, I have only told my wife.  It has really bothered me every day since I saw it. I just want to know if anyone may know what I saw, and/or if anyone else has reported seeing something similar during the same time period?  It is driving me crazy not knowing what I saw!!  I am no artist, but I have drawn a picture to show you what it looked like.  Per the conversation you had with my wife on 20OCT2016,   I have scanned the picture and emailed it to you, with the subject line of: “UFO Sighting - Summer of 2013 – Heflin, Alabama”  It was almost dark and looking through my binoculars at the Southern Sky (CT), this round object appeared.  It looked like it was giving off a fiery light and had to be huge!!   I observed it for about 30 seconds, then it just suddenly vanished!!  I know what I saw and no one will convince me otherwise.   I will be willing to take a lie detector test, or to be hypnotized if it will help to confirm my statement.  Many thanks for your time and assistance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.6095;-85.5863
