Blue Ridge Mountains, Luray, Va - 8 objects dancing, zigzagging, constantly verying speed/direction or 2 hour+ period;2002-08-07 22:30:00;2 hours +;Blue Ridge Mountains, Luray, Va - 8 objects dancing, zigzagging, constantly verying speed/direction or 2 hour+ period At around 10:30pm, I opened my back door and looked into the night sky because it was very clear that night and the whole galaxy could be seen so I wanted to take in the view before I went to bed. Right after I opened the door, I noticed two flashing objects in the sky over a short section of the Blue Ridge Mountains.   The section I'm talking about is directly to the left of the restaurant Skyland, right over Skyline Drive here in Luray, VA. The two objects were flashing red and white lights, possibly blue or green as well.  And they were moving in ways that I've never seen anything move before.  Suddendly jerk to the left or right, constanly verying speed and direction in a 3-dimensional space.  I know this because their also happened to be a small patch of clouds in the same area that the objects would move in and out of.  Over the course of the next 2 hours, the two objects were soon joined by 5 or 6 more objects that included smaller triangle orange-white lights that didn't blink or strobe like the others.  The strobing objects flashed in an irreglur pattern.  When they would go into the cloud, you could see flashes like heat lightning kind of.  (The temp was 71 or so). Within the first few moments of this experience, I became extremely frightened and began to shout what the * is that!!! while tears began to roll down my cheeks.  This is the 2nd time in 7 months that I have seen similar objects over the exact same area.  The first time was about 7 months ago and there were two other witnesses that time.  We saw a similar irreguraly strobing light over the same spot but it remained concealed from view within a low cloud. I have never seen anything like what I saw 2 nights in my entire life and it was a very powerful experience.  I get upset sometimes when I think about it.  And then other times, it feels kind of like its hard to hold on to vividness of the memory.  When I do see vividly in my mind what I saw, it's frightening and hard for me to deal with or understand.  I'm certain there will be more occurrences, as 4 other people so far have told me they saw similar events here in this same area, and I haven't talked to many people about it yet.  I plan on investigating this event myself by asking more people and continuously watching every night.;38.6524;-78.4578
Two large very bright unnatural looking lights flying very close together at extremely high speed;2014-10-02 19:20:00;4 seconds;Two large very bright unnatural looking lights flying very close together at extremely high speed I was out with my dogs in the yard, it was almost  dark. There are few people or lights in our area of the county.  When I turned around I saw  two very distinct bright lights in  the sky at any extremely high speed.  They disappeared in the horizon in a few seconds.  These lights were sort of diamond shaped, close together, and very bright, almost neon.  We see planes in the sky in this area all the time, both big and small.  This was not like anything I have ever seen before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.6524;-78.4578
