Triangle Shape, 2 bright halogen lights, clear or hollow middle;2004-03-21 19:26:00;10 min;Triangle Shape, 2 bright halogen lights, clear or hollow middle UFO Sighting March 21, 2004 7:26pm Kingfisher, Oklahoma Highway 3   My friend and I were driving west (into Kingfisher) on Highway 3 when we saw what we thought was a low flying airplane.  We continued to look at the plane and realized it couldn’t be a plane because it was to bright.  At that time the flying object flew straight down as if it were going to crash.  That is when I saw the 2 very bright (like Halogen lights) on either side of the object and the shape was a triangle.  The weird thing was it was clear or it did not have a middle (only the outside shape of a triangle).  It continued to go straight down for a couple of seconds then did like a U-turn and started flying (right above the tree line) the same way it did before it flew down.  After it did the U-turn and it was flying horizontally. It hovered over the ground then went straight down and landed.  We could see where it landed though the trees.  All we could see was a very bright light.  We turned around at a gas station and went back.  We turned down a dirt road, which was really a cemetery.  We got scared and didn’t want to go into a dark cemetery so we turned back around and started driving the way we were originally driving.   We could still see the bright light though the trees. I turned to say something to my friend, looked back and it was gone.  Just like that.  I don’t know how it went out or where it went. All I know is what I saw was not a plane. It was in a triangle shape with two bright halogen lights on either side. I hope this report helps! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and she seemed quite sincere to us.  The case is under investigation by MUFON/Oklahoma, which had an investigator on site within 4-5 hours of the incident.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  As of July 2005, we are still awaiting a report from MUFON/Oklahoma.  NUFORC has heard nothing, despite several attempts on our part to get the investigators to submit even a brief summary report of their findings.  PD));35.8636;-97.9472999999999
triangle shaped brightly lighted ufo;2004-03-21 19:26:00;10 minutes;triangle shaped brightly lighted ufo Today, March 21, 2004, My friend and I saw a strange object in the sky at 7:26 p.m. on our way into Kingfisher, OK on Hwy 3.   I was driving therefore, I was unable to watch the entire time.  It had just gotten dark and we noticed what we thought was a plane above the trees on the road.  My friend mentioned that it was really low to the ground and I said, it was probably near an airport.   There were two very bright, square lights on it.  Then it looked like it was going to crash because it was heading straight for the ground and then it would even out.  Then the next time I looked at it was hovering straight down, slowly to the ground.   It was close enough to see the bright lights, they were separated and I it was not a normal shape, kind of like a triangle, but not close enough to see in detail so we decided to turn around (it was about ½ a mile until we turned because it was a highway) and we went toward the lights, on the same route, which we could still see through the trees.   We then turned on the nearest road to the lights, and discovering it was a cemetery I decided that were not going to drive around in the middle of the night, so we turned around and went back on the road to see if we could just stop on the side somewhere.   About 45 seconds after we turned around the lights disappeared, or turned off.  I was not going to submit anything until I saw a similar sighting just 12 days before in Kansas.  I have never believed in this before, but what I saw was not something that I normally see. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and she seemed quite sincere to us.  The case is under investigation by MUFON/Oklahoma, which had an investigator on site within 4-5 hours of the incident.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  As of July 2005, we are still awaiting a report from MUFON/Oklahoma.  NUFORC has heard nothing, despite several attempts on our part to get the investigators to submit even a brief summary report of their findings.  PD));35.8636;-97.9472999999999
