Orange shaft of light eminating up to a wheel;1998-03-07 18:50:00;6 minutes;Orange shaft of light eminating up to a wheel It was just past dusk and I went out and noticed that there was an orange glow in the vicinity of a house located approximately a half of a kilometer away.  I live in a rural area and the house is used as a summer residence so my first concern was that the house might be on fire.  Since I knew no one was there I became somewhat amused that the orange glow grew brighter while a shaft of light seemed to emanate upward from the origin of the glow.  I was home alone with my two year old son and I'm also a member of the local volunteer fire department.  Since I was already situated so close to the scene I thought I would jump into my vehicle after checking on my son.  He was in a jumper saucer and could safely be left alone for a few minutes so I grabbed a fire extinguisher and headed outside for my vehicle. For whatever reason I did not feel that I should call in and report a possible fire.  When I got back outside, the orange glow seemed to decrease however, the shaft of orange light intensified.  I honestly started to attribute this to the house being on fire and the main fuel source starting to concentrate the burn in the middle of the structure.  As I headed to my vehicle to drive over the property, I looked over and saw that that the shaft of light had intensified and reached up to what I could best describe as a large rotating circular spoke similar to a wagon wheel as if I was viewing it on an edge which would make it somewhat of an ecclipse or oval shape. I entered and started my vehicle and drove down my driveway for a distance of approximately 300 feet. I stopped and the orange glow was still present.    At this point I was very aprehensive given that my son was alone in the house but I drove toward the neighbouring property where I could still see the light.  As soon as my vehicle left my driveway and turned toward my neighbours property, all the lights - both on the ground and above I witnessed went out. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));44.8149;-77.6157
