Small, clear, blinking object seen in northern Wyoming;1999-07-01 22:30:00;3 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) Small, clear, blinking object seen in northern Wyoming I was going to college in Sheridan, WY and going to my parents house in Buffalo on the weekends to do laundry, get mail, get food, visit, etc.  I arrived at their house at about 10:30 p.m. on a Friday night.  My parents were gone camping and their neighbors to the right were on vacation, across the street were on vacation and the house to the left was empty, so the neighborbood was unusually dark and quiet.  I brought my clothes in the house and some other luggage through the back door, which is seldom used, because I wanted to a have a cigarrette on the back deck.  I brought everything through the back door and sat on the couch and turned the televsion on.  I sat their for a couple of minutes flipping through the channels when I realized that I was going to have a smoke.  I jumped up and quickly walked to back door which has a window beside it that faces the living room I was sitting in.  I opened the door, stepped out onto the deck, turned to my left, and saw something hovering about three feet away from me, apparently looking in the window.  It was a small, clear, long and thin object.  It kind of looked like a beaker with a yellow light in the center that had a steady, rythmic yellow flash and didn't make a sound.  When I saw it and it had seen me, it floated away from the window and a little closer to me.  I wanted to reach out and grab it, but I was a little scared.  Plus it kind of looked like it may be hot or even sharp or anything that could cause sever pain.  I hovered there and kind of checked me out for about 15 to 20 seconds, then slowly flew toward a large pine tree in our neighbors yard.  It looked like it was trying to hide from me behind the tree, but I could still see it's steadily blinking yellowish light through the branches.  Every once in a while it would come out from behind the tree a little ways, see me, then hide back behind the branches.  After a minute or so, it slowly rose into the sky.  It went higher and higher until I lost sight of it what seemed like about a mile up in ! the sky. After I stood and looked closer, I could see a yellow light flashing way the hell up in the sky and I thought it might be an airplane.  After a few seconds, however, it flew across the sky very, very fast, hovered up there for a while, then slowly lowered itself until it was on the other side of the neighbors house, exactly where they had window facing South.  After about 10 seconds, I saw it again hovering just over the neighbors house, then it slowly floated back off into the neighborhood and disappeared.  I went inside shut the windows, locked the doors and didn't leave until the next morning when I went up the mountain to tell my parents what I had seen.;44.354;-106.7098
