3 starlike objects land on 1 large orange oval object in full daylight in sight of dozens of witnesses.;1989-10-01 18:00:00;5 minutes;3 starlike objects land on 1 large orange oval object in full daylight in sight of dozens of witnesses. I am not a true believer. I am not an idiot. I do not believe in anything in which I do not have conclusive proof, which is almost exclusivly for me, my own eye witness memories. I am now 31 years old (as of 2006). It was the year of 1989 and I was 15. I saw somthing in broad daylight which was so obvious and easy to see, that many cars on the Mountain Parkway Toll road on the northern edge of the smoky mountains, had parked on the side of the highway to sit apon the hoods of their cars and watch! My mother was driving, and my little sister was the first to spot the spectacle. It was near 6:00pm and the sun was low and orange in the sky. It was that kind of sun that you can look right at even though it is still fully in the sky.When I looked I was only curious at first to figure out what this thing was. It appeared as the shape of an almond with the soft points being vertical and the color was almost the same as the sun which was in a completely different place in the sky. I put forth a guess that the sun did give this object it's color. Like a reflection of sorts. What I witnessed next along with dozens of parked bystanders and my sister and mother was incredible. Almost instantly there where three small shiny objects appearing identical to normal stars moving around very near the large oval shaped object. Next, one at a time, the small objects moved to the top tip of the oval and disappeared, as if they had landed on it  and turned off or went inside it!! At this exact time we were going around the circular exit ramp to Interstate Highway 64. Once we were on the new highway going straight I regained a good viewing position only to see that the object had turned on it's side so that it looked more like a giant human eye. It then started to slowly move, I think. For as we went straight, it seemed to move from right to left across our path. The way it was moving and the way it appeared as we changed roads  led me instinctively to presume that it was not a far distant object like the moon. It only move slowly for 10 seconds or so before it disappeared or moved away so fast that I did not see it happen. Please keep in mind that it was a bright clear evening and I have near sighted eyes, however my sister has perfect vision. She sketched many drawings that evening. That's all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));37.9850999999999;-84.1723999999997
