Saw large flying saucer in corn field 150ft away, maybe 15 ft off the ground.  I wasn't alone my friend was with me, Mundelein, IL.;1973-10-01 02:30:00;20 seconds;Saw large flying saucer in corn field 150ft away, maybe 15 ft off the ground.  I wasn't alone my friend was with me, Mundelein, IL. I'm now 60 years old and followed some link on a UFO story and thought back to my own experience which I have never written about, and then found this site.  I never reported this or wrote about it because frankly I did not want to be thought of as a crackpot.  I don't feel so funny about reporting it because I realize that lots of people have made reports.  In 1973/194 it was pre-internet so your only option was to report it to the police, which I figured they would think you were a crackpot so I never reported it.  And after reading maybe 50 different reports on this website, I realize I had a very close encounter.  My story is a bit different than most I have read. My girlfriend and I graduated High School 1972 and then we did everything together, worked at the same places rented apartments together etc. and mostly we liked boys, LOL now that I think back on it.  So we were driving I would say about 2:30 am, it was after the bars closed, but we were not real big drinkers in any event we were not like plastered, just had a little buzz on.  I'll never forget the road, it was a little country road (paved) and the road made a very sharp left turn, a hard left curve I should say, and where it made that sharp left, straight ahead was a corn field, and when you made the left you were then driving parallel to the corn field, we both knew this road very well and the dangerous sharp left curve. We were maybe 75 ft to 100 ft before the curve, now looking straight into the cornfield and had slowed down for the upcoming curve, and this huge (I don't know any other words to use so I am going to go ahead and use the much over-hyped description) this huge flying saucer came zooming in from the right, it then literally stopped on a dime, (no way could any normal human craft come in that fast and then simply STOP) and then it slowly lowered itself straight down until it was only about maybe 15ft above the corn field.  The thing I remember the very most was the unnatural bright bright bright white light.   I stopped the car and we both put our hands up to shield our eyes, it was that bright.  There we were stopped in my car, my headlights shining into the cornfield and before us was this super bright white light, all-lit-up flying saucer, maybe 150ft in front of us.  It just sat there hovering above the corn field for maybe 10 or 15 seconds, then it went up a little bit, not much mayb! e 100ft and then it just zoomed off to the right very very very fast in an upward trajectory. It was like out of there so fast it was unbelievable.  To the right was east, Lake Michigan. Both my girlfriend and I were literally in shock, we kept asking each other, Did you see that? Things were different back then, there was no internet to get information and so the next day we just verified with each other that in fact we had seen it and then we never talked about it again. About a year later I got married and moved out of State and lost touch with my childhood friend. But while visiting my parents recently I tracked her down & we met up. It was so strange but she is the one who brought it up and asked me, Do you remember when we saw that UFO? All these years later but both of us remember the main details like it was yesterday. it is not the kind of thing you forget. I don't remember if it was spinning, I don't remember any other color lights just the incredibly BRIGHT white light, it was big I would say the diameter was a good 75ft to 100ft. I am estimating that using the width of the road, and remember I was up very close to it. I realized after reading various reports here that I have a very unique experience, most people see flashing lights or if they see a craft it is farther away.  This is the reason all these years later I am filing the report. I didn't see something in a distance, or simply lights I saw a real flying saucer and I saw it up close, so I'm filling in the report.  I think it was probably in the fall because I do remember that the corn had been harvested but it was not yet snowing out, so my guess would be in September or October and the year would have been either 1973 or 1974.  Oh I almost forgot to add, there was no noise.;42.2645000000001;-88.0033999999999
