3 people outside there home witnessed 2 different types of unknown number of objects over Toney, AL.;2016-08-03 23:45:00;02:30;3 people outside there home witnessed 2 different types of unknown number of objects over Toney, AL. I was outside smoking a cigarette and noticed a blue hue light going threw a cloud and asked the persons next to me if they saw it and they could.  then we noticed 7 more objects just like it it was a blue hue light but was white at the source and a faint reddish light pulsing of the top of it.  When we started looking around we realized that most of these objects were going threw the clouds and if they were close to the clouds you could see the light faintly projecting on the clouds.   I started to count them and would get to about 20 and lose count because they were moving around so fast these objects could be going in a forward trajectory and change trajectory in the opposite direction without hesitation basically these things could move in any direction it so chooses to go in without hesitation and with speed that is hard to phathom.  Then we noticed there were big white light objects still out side the atmosphere, which were big bright white lighted objects!  We could tell these were still outside the atmosphere because the smaller blue lighted objects were shooting a concentrated beam of light towards the bigger objects and you could see how far it was having to travel before it made contact with these objects.  The bigger objects started a umbrella like formation that ran north to south, east to west, northeast to southwest and northwest to southeast as far as I could see horizon to horizon my view of all these was not a wide open view either it was pretty limited due to trees.  And once these bigger objects slowly made it into formation they and stopped moving the lights slowly faded untill they were not visible again. But the blue objects were still moving around as if they were a patrol unit.  After watching all this take place over a 2 1/2 hr period at about 0230 all objects quit moving and all lights faded untill no longer visible.;34.9131;-86.7042
