When I was about seven years old, saw a flying saucer with lights outside my window, telepathically asked me if I was alone;1979-07-01 10:00:00;a few minutes;When I was about seven years old, saw a flying saucer with lights outside my window, telepathically asked me if I was alone I was about 7 years old and it was just myself and my aunt (who was home from school) alone at my grandmothers house on Elmwood Ave in East Orange. It was late and I was supposed to be asleep but I was kind of playing around in the dark. My little sister was in the bed with me but she was sleep. Well, I heard a sound outside that sounded like humming machinery. Even thought it was like a gentle hum it was very loud. This is why I noticed it. At first I thought it was a car waiting for someone outside. Especially because it seemed to sound pull a little like a running engine. But it suddenly occured to me that a car doesn't sound like that because its too loud. But what was wierd was that it was quiet but loud at the same time. QUIET AND LOUD. Get it?????  I looked out the window and it was a flying saucer floating in the air outside and to the right of my grandmothers house, over the street and partially the sidewalk, but lower than my second floor window. It may have been the same height or a little higher but because it was a lil maybe abiout twenty feet away and I was seven years old, my proportion of height is slightly distorted. Here's the Gods Honest truth: This thing was a silver, disc shaped, center was slightly raised and rounded, red, blue and yellow lights around it that seemed to throb with the throbbing hum. I immediately ran into my aunt who was on the phone in the room next to me with the light on. She told me to get outta here and go to bed. I went back to the window and the thing was crazy because it looked just like first encounters of the third kind, but it was very small to fit on my street. Something telepathically asked me if I was alone, and I telepathically answered NO, I began to look around because I was really astounded that no one was looking out of their windows. Remember the saucer was making an extremely loud throbbing hum sound that sort of radiated from it......BUT THE SOUND WAS QUIET! Does that make sense? I know it doesn't, but I have no way else to describe it. I remember trying to telepathically ask it why it was little and if there was others around,and why couldn't any one here it? I was only seven, and I had no idea about telepathy- When I say I was telepathically asking it - I mean these were the questions that came into my head at once but I knew somehow that it could hear me- Especially since IT ACTUALLY ASKED ME IF I WAS ALONE... I will never forget that as long as I live. I maybe told one or two people in my life . I know how ridiculous it sounds but it was very real. So much so that it is what it is. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.7617277227723;-74.2134732673267
