Heard a HUGE object larger than the football field across the street flying over clouds covering a wide area;2005-08-01 21:30:00;4 minutes;Heard a HUGE object larger than the football field across the street flying over clouds covering a wide area This happened sometime in August 2005 and it was around 9 - 10 pm because my toddler aged son was sleep and I was at the window kind of thinking over some things. I actually heard something loud that sounded like a jet that was flying very low. Actually that's what made me perk up because it was so loud it made me look up because I thought I would see it. That's when I noticed the sky. It was covered in white clouds. Not one white cloud but seemingly the whole area of sky seemed covered in one white cloud, perhaps with some slight spaces in it but it was like one big cloud. It was so big that although it blocked the moon out it kind of created its own light. What made it kind of surreal is that I lived in a small building directly and diagonally across the street from a school football field. So it looked surreal looking up and seeing it over such a wide space. Well- that's what I saw once I looked up to see what sounded like a low flying jet. It seemed like it had to be some kind of military jet because it sounded loud and very fast. Well- guess what.......after looking up and noticing the wierd clouds everywhere- that is all I heard. Was the sound of the jet. But here's the kicker- the sound did not go away for a few minutes. Let me let that sink in for a sec so that you can understand me......We all know how loud a low flying, fast flying military jet must sound. Not that I have ever seen a low flying, fast flying military jet- but that is what I expected from hearing the sound. NOW.........IT DID NOT GO AWAY FOR A FEW MINUTES. I stood at my window kind of scared as I realized what I was hearing seemed to come from over the clouds and I got the distinct impression that it was that HUGE that it encompassed that whole area I was lived in, including the football field across the street. I got a VERY STRONG impression that I had heard it approaching, heard it travelling over me, and heard it travelling away. NOW- this was all TOO LOUD and TOO LONG a time for it to have been a jet. I KNEW exactly what it was and had a very strong idea of how big it was. My reaction at that experience, was WOW- That thing has a cloud under it to hide it and that thing is TOO BIG to not be a familiar object to the government. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.7617277227723;-74.2134732673267
