Dim, white ufo appears after strange lights and black &quotv&quot shape clouds in the sky, followed by rare animal appearing;2019-11-02 00:30:00;20 minutes;Dim, white ufo appears after strange lights and black &quotv&quot shape clouds in the sky, followed by rare animal appearing Was outside smoking,the sky was slightly overcast in spots. As my ears began to ring, Strange illuminations traveled across the sky in a slow drift, leaving a trail of ripples like a distubance in water. (Seperate from the type of lights in the sky headlights create from the main road near by.) At times it would be a wave of illumination, 3 circle illuminating white lights in the shape of a triangle, also 2 large black v shape clouds in the same area traveling against the drift of regular coulds. I thought the black clouds could be gaps in the overcast sky, but when they appeared overhead, the stars looked very dim and hazy, other times weren't even visible.I thought to myself, well if this is all that's happening, its too cold out and im going inside. As if the object could hear my thoughts, teasing me with excitement, a dim white ball appeared ( like a dim star). Traveled from east to west, faster then a jet, but slower then a shooting star( le! ft no trail), disappeared for a split second, then shot north the same distance in a 90° turn. (Traveling distance was about 10 inches of sky at arms length) After that, my eyes may have been playing tricks on me in the dark hazy night, but the field behind my house looked to have a light appear. At first, large spots of white light like someone had a spot light pointed at it,then it looked as if a flashlight were being pointed down thru fog, like columns of slightly illuminated fog appeared, then a bright sparkle would catch my eye in a different part of the field( this field is bare and mostly flat). A few minutes passed when suddenly, a white dear appeared walking along the border of the field and my back yard( about 15 yards away) followed by one more. I made my daughter come outside to see, but when turned my flashlight on for her, only their eyes could b seen. White dear are very rare and Ive only known of a couple in the area over the past 15 years. Ever since April,! my family and others who visit my house, have noticed lots of! paranor mal activity. Ive looked into this area being a Window location. This is the first time I've reached out on a public site hoping to get some answers. It should also be noted that I contemplated making this report. For some reason, my experience felt very personal, almost as if I would be breaking the trust of whatever appeared to me last night.;42.0639;-83.9442
