Light has been moving left to right for the passed 3 hours lights flickering constantly.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet??  PD));2016-03-18 00:32:00;3 hours;Light has been moving left to right for the passed 3 hours lights flickering constantly this is not the first time i witness this event;42.0639;-83.9442
3 crafts spotted hovering for hours over Lenawee County.  Red & white flashing lights approached quickly, then slowly rise into sky.;2016-08-05 03:00:00;3 hours;3 crafts spotted hovering for hours over Lenawee County.  Red & white flashing lights approached quickly, then slowly rise into sky. I am a new mother and skeptic of ufos, but what I witnessed last night has made me a believer!  As usual, I was outside smoking a cigarette after getting my baby to bed.  I live in the country, so the night sky is pretty visible due to lack of city lights.  My husband and I witnessed 3 unknown crafts over a 3 hour period.  Two of which blinked red and white, while the other was a bright orange(also flew much closer then the other two).  The first object was spotted just above the horizon in the distance.  It appeared as an airplane with a red light, approaching quickly at first, then slowly began to rise into the sky while blinking red and white.  The red light appeared to be moving in circular motion around the craft as it hovered.   At around 4 am (an hour later), a second craft approached.  This craft appeared to have a long cigar like shape with orange illuminating light.  It appeared just south of us right above the neighboring tree line, flew low and quickly eastward, then disappeared low in the tree line miles away.  When this craft flew near us, we could hear dogs from 3 different houses begin to bark wildly.  Finally a third light appeared, flashing red and white like the first craft, following the same flight pattern as the first. Both lights were still visible hovering in the sky at 6 am when the sun began to rise.  These crafts made no noise and gave me a very uneasy feeling. I was unable to take my eyes off the hypnotic lights.  I lost sleep thinking about what I had just witnessed, and feared  that I could no longer deny ufos exist.  These objects were certainly not airplanes, Chinese lanterns, nor were they any sort of drone.;42.0639;-83.9442
White/yellow light appeared in the sky...shot off insanely fast and then disappeared.;2020-04-20 11:30:00;3 seconds;White/yellow light appeared in the sky...shot off insanely fast and then disappeared. I was driving home and all of a sudden I noticed a bright white/yellow light in the sky...it shot off at a crazy fast speed to the left...leaving a small trail and then was gone.  Appeared and disappeared out of nowhere. It was too low to be a plane, clouds were in the sky so couldn’t be a shooting star. It moved too fast for an explanation. My first thought was UFO and I had pure panic.;42.0639;-83.9442
