NW Ohio 3 low flying white lights moving together in a triangle formation with no sound at night.;2011-03-20 22:00:00;10 seconds;NW Ohio 3 low flying white lights moving together in a triangle formation with no sound at night. I was laying on the couch in our family room and we just turned off the television and lights for the evening.  It was dark in our family room and 3 moving lights caught my eye.  I said, What is that? My roommate and I leaned against the window and we could not see it because it was now above our house.  She did not see it.   I jumped up and ran to the front porch to see what it was.  I stepped out on our front yard and it was now over my neighbor’s house.  I watched 3 white lights flying together in triangle moving together with no sound.  The 3 white lights had a little flutter but were not blinking.   I continued to watch the 3 white lights moving east for about 10 seconds.  I ran back in the house to see if I could find a camera or cell phone to record it and I shouted to my roommate to come see it.   By the time I got back to the front yard 15 seconds later the 3 white lights were fading in the distance.   My roommate did not see it and only witnessed my reaction to what I saw.   I ran back inside and described it to my roommate and even made a diagram on a note pad.  I could not believe what I just saw.  I just kept talking about it and grabbed my laptop to find out how do I report what I just saw.   I found this website called the phone number to report what I had just witnessed and finished the call about 10:19pmET.  I was told to submit my report online.   To summarize - I saw 3 white lights flying together in a triangle higher than our house and trees about the height of a 5 story building not flying as high as a jet no sound at all moving west to east and the lights had a little flutter and were not blinking.;41.7061;-83.7044
UFO over quarry/fireworks celebration;2011-07-03 22:12:00;2 minutes;UFO over quarry/fireworks celebration I saw the UFO during our independence day celebration.  It was a orange colored light that seemed to be orbiting some craft.  It was very hard to tell how far away the object was.   Wind was blowing east and the object was traveling westward so I know it wasn't wind powered.   It produced no audible noice and was completely silent.   It seemed to linger around for about 3 minutes until traveling out of sight at a fast rate of pace.   The fireworks were taking place over centennial quarry in Sylvania, Ohio.  This is where I saw the UFO.  This is my second time seeing a UFO over the quarry. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS visible, but at 21:31 hrs.  PD));41.7061;-83.7044
