Sylvania Sighting behind McCord Junior High.;2013-08-14 01:55:00;3 minutes;Sylvania Sighting behind McCord Junior High While looking Southeast, I noticed what appeared to be 2 flashing lights on what I thought may have been a plane.  In a matter of about 1 minute the flashing lights, had been approaching me this entire time, but in the course of about 1 minute the lights/ship had travelled what I would have perceived to be about 15 miles. I'm standing in a Junior High field hoping to catch some of the meteor shower, and this ship flew right over my head at a height of 500-1000' appearing to slow down and hover slightly over my head like it definitely had seen me.  It appeared a spinning armor the bottom of the ship emitting faint light or vapor as it swung in my direction as if it was focusing down on me.   My heart was pounding in a way I've never felt.  I thought I was going to get swooped up,  I kid you not. After about a 5-10 second hover over me it proceeded to fly toward the Northeast direction and it had the exact same 2 flashing white lights on its departure.  The rear was identical to the front in shape, look, and light behavior. From the time it got close to me, to the time it started to depart it moved at a relatively normal speed, but it was 100% silent.  I mean dead silent from what I could tell. I realized I had my phone at the last minute but it appears I managed to get nothing but black sky captured when I attempted to get a quick video. I about had a heart attack at 34, I can tell you that much for sure.  This is not my first UFO sighting but this one was overwhelming. I've never seen one so close.  The strange thing is, I had a hard time making out the exterior shape, much beyond squarish.  Very weird and not what I was expecting to see tonight.  Probably a little better than a couple of shooting stars though.  I walked away with my head and face stinging and that lasted about 40 minutes.  I was wondering if I received a radiation blast or some sort of a firmware upgrade... ((name deleted));41.7061;-83.7044
