The Spaceship was very close I was outside fixing to open a 40oz and I feltit and it was true I couldn't believe my eyes I didn't dare;2003-05-17 05:45:00;5;The Spaceship was very close I was outside fixing to open a 40 oz and I felt it and it was true I couldn't believe my eyes I didn't dare look away it stayed as I studied it  The ship was perfect on top and bottom in disk shape it was black and reminded me of some kind of material from the ground I could see 3 windows rectangular windows from the second story of the apartment I tried to figure out all I could about this mother ship I called it cause my mom lived in front of me and I thought it almost wreaked and darted up My mother said she had burn marks in the shape of a circle in her back yard I couldn't figure out how it was so silent and hovering because I'd like to help in inventing faster air crafts or any knowledge that could help the USA I watched until it zipped faster then anything I could imagine out of the sky.;34.919;-92.1419
Disc or circular objects with colorful lights moving erratically high in the sky.  ((anonymous report));2019-02-16 00:00:00;2 hours;Disc or circular objects with colorful lights moving erratically high in the sky. Tonight and on many different occasions one to three colorful disc shaped objects have been seen hovering high in the sky. One is always in the center moving slowly side to side and up and down, its seems to be larger than the others.  Sometimes it is alone, but on most occasions it is accompanied by two to three smaller ones . The smaller ones are also multi colored, and move erratically in circles and side to side around the larger one.  The movement is very erratic at times not like any air craft I have seen. They really put on a show, with the blinking and rotating lights.  It usually last a few hours. They are so high in the air, if they were still you would think that they were stars. This happens several times per month, five miles east of the Little Rock Air Force Base, around the Kerr station road/South Bend area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.919;-92.1419
