It looked like a hang glider and was totally quiet.;1979-06-01 19:00:00;10 minutes;It looked like a hang glider and was totally quiet. Hello and to whom it may concern: My name is ((name deleted)), I live in a small community in Alabama called Grant, which is very small, but still an enjoyable place to live. It’s peaceful and quiet. It’s a little bit of a drive to get to a larger city but it’s beautiful countryside to see. But what I’m about to tell you happened in the summer of 1979.  It was going to be my junior year in high school outside of the city of Monroe, Louisiana.  The company we worked for was called Geophysical Field Surveys, a company that searched for oil. I can’t remember the exact date but it was late in the evening, just as the sun was about to go down. The crew was finished for the day, and we were all at the pickup spot waiting for the van to take us back to the hotel. We were all just waiting like I said earlier, joking and winding down. One of the drivers of what was called a skidder that drove through the woods in order to deliver the cables that were to be laid out along the main cable. One of the drives, not yelling but in a louder voice, asked “What in the hell is that!?”  We turned and looked up and everyone got quiet really quick.  Floating just above the tree tops was something huge and blacker than the early evening sky was.  What was there was shaped like a like a han! g glider.  There’s no where near by where a hang glider could be launched.  The hang glider shaped object made no noise as it floated above the tree tops.  No one said anything as it floated above the trees.  When it was almost directly over head, we could see that there were no visible details under the bottom.  Again it was totally silent.  I can remember everyone standing completely quiet.  It was still moving across the tops of the trees and we all watched as it moved slowly out of our sight, still making no noise. After it was gone completely out of sight, no one said a thing.  We heard nothing about this thing in the news  after we got back to our hotel rooms.  The next morning there was still nothing on the news about anything weird being seen by anyone the next day either.  We didn’t get a very good look at the thing from the side angle but what view we did get, the “craft” didn’t look very thick though. Even though it passed almost directly overhead, it was difficult to judge just how wide the craft was.  I have always remembered this i! ncident because it was the first and only time I could say that I actually saw what could be described as an actual u. f. o..  There was no shiny parts on the craft that any of us were able to see.  It was totally black.  Like I said earlier, the memory of this has always stayed with me. I still to this day have no idea what it was, where it came from. When we all saw it, there was not a closed mouth among our group Not that we were all talking, but our jaws were pretty much on the ground. I know this letter isn’t very detailed, but if you or anyone there might want to talk about what happened let me know through either email or maybe later I can give you some of my other contact information.  Thank you Guthrie Davis;32.5258013071895;-92.0799346405228
Dark gray silent craft observed traveling at low altitude at slow speed over north Monroe LA at 2:PM 11/12/19.;2019-11-12 13:55:00;5 minutes;Dark gray silent craft observed traveling at low altitude at slow speed over north Monroe LA at 2:PM 11/12/19. Observed one silent unlighted dark gray craft at about 1000-1500 feet high traveling from east to west.  Craft was traveling very slow (30-40 knots) and had what appeared to be short stub wings (two) with small pods mounted on each wingtip.  Craft had a short square shaped fuselage If it had rotors they were not visible.  Craft was observed on a clear bright day against a blue sky.   Observer is a retired naval aviator with extensive flying experience and has never seen an aircraft with this configuration and movement.  Craft size was estimated to be about the size of a small car.;32.5258013071895;-92.0799346405228
