I saw a extraterrestrial woman that was a illuminating light blue color in my bedroom and became paralyzed for a unknown amount of time;2008-08-02 02:30:00;Uncertain;I saw a extraterrestrial woman that was a illuminating light blue color in my bedroom and became paralyzed for a unknown amount of time I have kept this encounter a secret for sometime from many people due to me not knowing why it happened or understanding exactly what happened. I have only told my family close friends about this encounter. I have no reason to lie about this encounter, and I vow that everything I tell you is the truth. I was about 8 years old when my extra terrestrial encounter occurred. My skin tingles  just from recalling the night that it happened.  I was sleeping with my grandmother on this night, due to my parents being absent drug addicts. I was awoken by something out of this world. When I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw struck me so hard that I became paralyzed, I couldn’t move or speak. I was utterly terrified, awestruck by the beauty, and soothed at the same time. What I saw was a unmistakable human-like woman in some type of dress with a veil over her face. Non of her skin was showing, but I could make out facial features and she was unnaturally beautiful, like nothing you may see in even the most beautiful woman in the world. She was floating a couple inches above the carpet floor and all one color of the lightest shade blue imaginable, and she was illuminating like her body was made of light. She had all the features of a normal human other than the fact that she was glowing.  When I finally came out of the trance-like paralyzed state dang near rolled under my grandmother, woke her up and tried getting her to see what I had seen, but when she finally woke up and rolled over to look at the doorway that I saw the extra terrestrial at it was too late. It’s like the ET disappeared into thin air when I looked away to wake up my grandmother. After I explained to her what I had seen she dismissed it and said I had just had a bad dream but that was definitely impossible. I thought that the house was haunted and barely slept much in that house afterwards, we ended up having to move because of this. My grandparents talked to people about the previous owners and found out that the couple who owned the house before us were the first owners. The man committed suicide in the house and the rest of the woman ended up selling the house years later. So this information rules out anything paranormal, which I don’t really believe too much about the paranormal.  I believe that the ET had not intended on me seeing her because during the paralyzed state I got the feeling of being soothed while being utterly terrified, and I kept forming the word “helped” in my mind. Although, as you can imagine, a 8 year old with this kind of experience will want nothing more than to run to the closest person around, and definitely won’t listen to anything that they are being told. The fact that she was trying to soothe me in some unknown way, and tapping into my mind forming the word “helped” makes me believe that she somehow altered me.  I have always been the kind of person that sleeps on my belly or my side and with the cover pulled up as high as I can get it without it affecting my breathing, and when I woke up and saw the woman I was on my back with the covers barely above my belly. This is the second reason I believe she studied or altered me, but I am not sure if this happened in the bedroom or if I was taken somewhere. The third reason I believe that I was studied or altered is because I had a seizure not too long before of this encounter while at baseball practice, the seizure occurred no more than a year before the encounter. What makes this fact important is that the seizure was determined to be unknown and classified as a granny seizure.  The next few reasons I believe I was altered could be coincidence, but I will explain them anyway because I believe that the are relevant. While I was in high school I was sitting outside scrolling through my phone when I felt a tingling sensation in my body and a vibration from the ground, then about 30 seconds later I heard a boom. What I heard was a electrical power plant that had a explosion exactly 1.45 miles away. I knew exactly what happened as soon as it happened some how, even though our electricity didn’t go out. I went inside and asked my grandparents if they heard it and told them I felt something before it happened. When I was in the 6th grade my house was struck by lightning while I was asleep, I woke up and hollered at my grandmother from my bedroom asking what that was and she said it must’ve been a transformer explosion on a light pole. She went back to sleep but I had a eerie feeling something was wrong so stayed awake on my phone and about 30-45 mins later someone started banging on our door and that’s when I knew I had to get out the house, I ran to my grandmothers bedroom and she had just gotten out of bed. Her room was fairly full of smoke, it wasn’t anymore than 5-10 minutes after we stepped outside and called the fire department that the roof began to cave in. The last reasoning to my belief may or may not have any relevance but it is very unlikely that all of this and more has happened to me without being related to the lightning shaped birthmark I have on my arm.;32.5258013071895;-92.0799346405228
