Update to UFO sighting in Plymouth NH;2002-06-18 21:00:00;10 min +/-;Update to UFO sighting in Plymouth NH From wife: At roughly 9 pm my husband and I were driving east on rte 25 (tenney mtn highway). I saw a cloud light up (bright orange? color almost like the sun) I asked my husband did you see that? then proceeded to pull over to look at the cloud. After pulling over the cloud lit up 4 or 5 more times.Not as bright as the initial light that I saw. I could see what appeared to be a jet? circling the area that lit up. After a few minutes with no more lights I saw the jet head east out of the cloud. We drove home and within 10 minutes there were fighter jets overhead flying around. The jets continued to fly for roughly an hour and 15 minutes then I no longer heard them. >From husband: My wife asked me did you see that??? I looked up as she was pulling over and I saw what I thought were flares being dropped from a plane but soon realised they wern't flares they were ball shaped lights..yellowish/white that appeared out of nowhere and dropped behind a cloud and dissappeared. 2 fell behind the cloud and dissappeared a third came from out of the cloud and shot upwards into the cloud from low left to high right again going behind the cloud and not reappearing.Another 2 appeared above the cloud and dropped into the cloud and dissappeared.This took approximately 1 minute for all of it to happen.Then the entire cloud lit up and my wife told me it wasn't as bright as the one she had seen then a few minutes later the cloud lit up again. That part of the event was over and then I witnessed the flashing lights of an airplane fly off in an easterly direction. After arriving home we noticed jets flying up and down the valley at a fairly high altitude tandom formation back and forth up and down the valley for approximately an hour. ((NUFORC Note:  Second report from same witnesses on Highway 25, east of Plymouth, NH.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  A description of this event can be found on the NUFORC homepage.  PD));43.7574;-71.6881000000001
Fireball in the sky behind the clouds???? Apparently the fighter jets saw it too?????;2002-06-18 21:00:00;3 min?;Fireball in the sky behind the clouds???? Apparently the fighter jets saw it too????? My husband and I were on our way home and I saw a BRIGHT light looked kind of like a fireball behind a cloud. I pulled over and told my husband to look. We then saw it light up another 5 to 6 times. There was what appeared to be a small jet circling the light.My husband describes it as a huge flare behind the clouds.The light went away and the plane continued to circle where we had seen the light.We got home and within 10 minutes there were fighter jets flying around. Its now an hour and 20 minutes later and I can still hear the jets every few minutes going overhead. ((NUFORC Note:  A description of this event can be found on the NUFORC homepage.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with these witnesses on several occasions, and they seemed quite sincere to us.  We do not know what these witnesses, and others, observed that night, but the objects may have been flares released from military jet fighters.  However, all the witnesses, when queried about this possibility, insisted that the lights were not flares, that they maneuvered relative to one another, and moved across the sky in a fashion that seemed not compatible with drifting flares.  We include below one of the witness's several follow-up communications with NUFORC:   ((BEGIN FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION)) Hello, Have you received any more reports about tuesday night??  I've heard ALOT of people saying they saw things.(a woman I work with did) I spoke with ((deleted--witness from Gilford, NH) tonight and he's going to put an ad in our local pennysaver looking for witnesses and I'm putting an ad in the plymouth record enterprise newspaper asking for witnesses and directing them to your site.     We KNOW what we saw was NOT military. Absolutely NO WAY! I believe the follow up reports you received were bogus.I think they were reported to get us to change our mind.     Please if you can keep me informed on the sighting here.     Thankyou so much ,     Sincerely,     ((name deleted)) ((END FOLLOW-UP));43.7574;-71.6881000000001
