AUTHOR'S SUMMARY:  Friend and I witnessed flare like objectshovered more than 10 minutes per.Obj's #ing above 20. Strange person(s);1996-05-27 20:30:00;1hr;SUMMARY:  Friend and I witnessed flare like objectshovered more than 10 minutes per.Obj's #ing above 20. Strange person(s) watched us. On the way back from LV at approximately 20:30 hrs myself and a good friend were just driving down the road when we noticed a light in the Eastern sky.  We stopped the car and watched for a moment.  At first wethought they could be flares, then we noticedthat they were acting quite strangely.  Not intelligent type of movement, but they were staying up there for quite some time.  They were almost stationary for about 3 minutes in the skFriend and I witnessed flare like objects hovered more than 10 minutes per.Obj's #ing above 20.  Strange person(s) watched us. Then they started thier slow decent.  When I say slow, I mean it took them 7 minutes to come down aproximately 100yds. That is the thing that intrigued us the most.We could see a visible trial of smoke as ifthey were flares, but they were much brighter and acted in a way that neither of us couldjust dismiss as something that was normal.  They very well could be just flares and we don't know anything. But I am very good atj udging distance, adn have very good eyesight. I also feel that I am a UFO skeptic even though I am very intrigued.  I don't believe that they were necessarily extraterrestrial space craft, but they were notjust a simple flare or plasma displacment.  They could have been a number of different things.  We have both tried to come up with explinations of the event and truely believe that that would be some what difficult toachieve.  The way that they decended was thefact that forced us to come to that conclusion.  It was a straight fall.  But took way too long to be a fall.  It was aided by a rocket type of engine more than likely. Ifthat is so, it would more thatn likely havegone up, or been a little bit more eratic.  The light was at first RED.  When it startedto make it's fall it turned almost WHITE.I would very much appreciate it if someone would respond and tell me that theyknow what it is.  And I hope that this willnot be taken like a stupid person reportinga light in the sky that is more than likelyjust a flare or a normal aircraft.   As I havesaid I do not think that it is alien.  But I felt that it is not something easily achieved with any normal flare gun. NUFORC NOTE:  Location of sighting reported as just north of Amargosa Valley on State Route 95.;36.539;-116.5496
