Black, shiny, shapeless orb over Boise.;2004-06-27 09:30:00;~5 minutes;Black, shiny, shapeless orb over Boise. One morning in June of 2004, I was out in the back yard having a cigarette and I happened to look up  at the sky.  I was admiring how nice of a day it would be, then I noticed something just above the tree line.  It looked black and shiny, I saw the sun reflect off of it.  Something about the way it was moving seemed odd, it seemed to be going too slow to be a plane.   So I went into the garage and got my binoculars and took a look at it. At first I thought I was looking at a group of balloons that got away.  I thought this because  through the binoculars I could see that it didn't keep a consistent shape.  Then I had to dismiss that idea because when I looked at it without the binoculars I could see that it was going in a straight horizontal line, not rising or falling, and there was hardly any breeze at the time.  It was moving from west to east and looked like it was about 300 to 400 feet off the ground.   By my estimation it was out over the Boise airport.  I watched it untill I lost it in the background of the mountains east of Boise.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
Red Light Above Boise Descends at Tremendous Speed, Stops to Hover, Emits Radiation - All filmed by Observer 01/16/2010;2010-01-16 19:30:00;2 minutes;Red Light Above Boise Descends at Tremendous Speed, Stops to Hover, Emits Radiation - All filmed by Observer 01/16/2010   Brief Summary:  At approximately 1915 hours MST,  I was watching one of my security cameras and noticed an odd flash of red light illuminating my yard.  This peaked my interest and I went outside to check, but saw nothing. I returned inside and a few minutes later, the infrared cameras picked it up again.  I then inspected the perimeter of the building and searched up and down the adjacent streets it was then that I noticed a bright red object to the NorthWest of my location.  It was above the cloud deck and was not a planet. Note that Mars was on the Solar Planar and visible to the East and other planets were obscured by cloud coverage.  I hopped in my truck and felt compelled to investigate this object.  As I headed around my block and onto Hill Rd.  I continued to keep an eye on the object, which was descending and/or getting brighter.  Having seen MANY objects similar to this one over the past 9 months, I was very calm and prepared for almost anything.   But this was different.  I traveled no further than 8 blocks and traveled up a dead end street to the north.  All lights in the neighborhood dimmed, my truck lost power, and I was mesmerized as this Red Light became a shape. It descended even closer to me and literally came to within 100 Meters from my vehicle.  I pulled out my cell phone and began filming it.  The video details far more than what I saw... I saw a Red Craft maneuver from at least 15K feet altitude to 100 meters in front of me in 3-5 seconds!  I found myself face to face with something that looked like it had retro-rockets on it, and then an EXTREMELY bright light that it shined into my face, causing nausea, mild confusion and a severe headache.  I've seen at least 100 unexplained objects in my life, but based upon my background, training and desire to not jump to conclusions, I've never reported one before.  This one is different.  It sent a message.  I feel ill right now and have what appear to be radiation burns on my fingers and symptoms of radiation sickness. The video when viewed  frame by frame, along with my narration, details a few seconds when the craft seemed to generate a plasma-like Orb and then swirled it around and shot a beam at me. Close analysis by my Dad and I found at the same moment, the glass of my vehicle warped, and I stopped talking, lost my bearing and then regained focus again. It wasn't so much that the object seemed malevolent, but rather that it was aware of my presence and allowing me to film it, yet at the same time, it felt like it was telling me to leave. OBSERVER BACKGROUND: Observer is a 41 year old College Educated Computer Engineer with 16 years experience, as well as P.O.S.T. Training (Law Enforcement background) and a private pilot.  He (I) am a member of AOPA (Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association) and have worked alongside both Federal and Local Law Enforcement as recently as December 2009.  Observer has also had various assignments as a civilian working with DOD contracts. ((NUFORC Note:  We have received still photos of an indistinct smear of light, but we cannot identify the object, and we cannot certify that it is of a genuine UFO.  We have not received the video footage, which the witness alludes to in the statement above.  PD));43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
33' Wide White Object seen over Boise, ID, emitting Screeching/Shrill Noise (01/22/10);2010-01-22 04:40:00;20-25 seconds;33' Wide White Object seen over Boise,  ID, emitting Screeching/Shrill Noise (01/22/10) Observer is an Engineer, private pilot and trained Peace Officer (P.O.S.T. trained in California, but not currently a commissioned officer).  He is 41 years of age, of sound mind and does not take any medication that would cause delusions, hallucinations or any other psychological side-effects.  Observer does not take drugs or drink alcohol.  He has worked as an Intelligence Analyst (while running a private consulting company) and has held at least one security clearance with the DOD.  He attempts to disseminate facts with regard to everything that is encountered in life rather than jump to conclusions.  Scientific methods are used as well as advanced electronic equipment for investigating unexplained phenomenon.  Finally, it is important to note that he has been witness to at least 120 unexplained events involving lights/craft/flashes/electromagnetic disturbances/etc but has only recently felt comfortable coming forward to reveal such matters.  Subject feels as if! they are attracted to him. Witness is a 31 year old female and has worked for the State of Idaho for 9 years up until 2009.  She is currently unemployed however.  She is of sound mind and on no medications. She does not take drugs nor is she prescribed medications that would cause delusions, hallucinations or any other side-effects.  She does drink alcohol but no alcohol was in her system for at least 24 hours prior to event. Note: The rest of this report will be penned in the first-person context by the Observer. Event: I was getting ready to finally get some sleep after a long week of work, and admittedly, was extremely tired. The hour was very late, but I am actually very accustomed to not getting much sleep. As I was getting ready for bed, I heard what I would describe as a screeching/crackling sound that sounded almost like an animal, though I can't figure out what type. I went outside my front door to my yard, which is 30 meters from the street and extremely dark. No lights were on in the front portion of the house so there was a very clear view of the sky. The witness exited a few seconds behind me and we both heard the noise again and noticed at approximately 75 degrees E from our location / 20 degrees above the horizon, a dull-white craft circling around the North End of Boise. It was just below the cloud deck which was estimated to be approximately 1800 feet above the ground. It emitted noise a third time and circled around in a somewhat erratic manner. I reached for an extr! emely bright flashlight (StreamLight STRION LED), which is basically about as bright as the high beams of a car... I shined it towards the craft. There was no reflection. However, it did produce the following reactions and data. 1) Craft stopped suddenly and started heading towards us 2) Craft changed shape and luminosity became greater 3) There was a noticeable crackle sound in the atmosphere (similar to lightning in the distance note that there was no precipitation nor any Stratocumulus clouds or similar type clouds to produce lightning--nor were the weather conditions such to generate lightning) 4) Craft appeared to be approximately 1000 feet away (based on known distance that flashlight can illuminate and known distance of background objects) 5) Craft was estimated to be about 8-10 meters in diameter  Craft circled for the first 15-18 seconds, then stopped, changed shape and headed towards us, became much brighter, then headed North at an estimated 300-400 mph before disappearing above the clouds. Although there is Boise Airport and Gowen Field, there were no aircraft flying. I have an application (FlightTracker Pro) that tracks flights (including some military aircraft without N-numbers). There was 100% cloud coverage so it was not a planet, star, or satellite. Also note that I track the ISS with 'ISSLite', and satellites with TLE Files on 'Satellite Tracker'  I do not know what this object was, but it was the latest in a flurry of objects that I've witnessed above Boise in the past year. It's become one of my hobbies! And it yielded a video that I submitted to Mr. Davenport on Jan 16th. Please come forward if you have any sightings in Boise as I personally can attest to at least 30 that in my opinion, were not aircraft, atmospheric effects, other manmade craft/materials, or near or far space base objects (stars/planets/etc). I have also seen a dramatic increase of meteorites and fireballs over this same period even during periods that aren't charted as annual meteor showers.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
V shape, each one zigzagged and could just stop. Some multiple times;2013-05-21 23:47:00;1-2 minutes;V shape, each one zigzagged and could just stop. Some multiple times This happened around 2013. I know it was chilly as I was outside in the evening.  I have never reported it or told many people, not because of their reaction, but because it scares me, and I'm scared that acknowledging it will cause it to happen again or some kind of different event.  My hands are sweating even drafting this up..  It's pretty straight forward.  I was outside looking up at the sky.  I've watched the sky since I can remember. Since very little watching for shooting stars etc.  It was dark.  My first thought was maybe it was geese but it quickly changed.  I saw the point first.  It looked like a satellite.  It wasn't flashing like a plane.  But also was too low to be a satellite, too far to be geese. And then more followed, in the shape of a V.  I thought ok not geese, maybe airplanes, fighter jets flying together? UNTIL it just flat out STOPPED.  And after being stopped they all crossed in different directions.  One on the lower left went extremely quickly to the upper right but way out passed where the one was on the upper right.  One on the right zoomed over to the left but way out of formation.  They all did this and were able to just INSTANTLY stop in spots after going so incredibly fast, and then go in a totally different location and stop.  Until they were all out of the v formation at random spots and then all took off into different directions.  A few even zig zagged a couple times across the v formation that they showed up in but had the precision to just up and stop at these random spots in the sky, and then go in a totally different direction, stop, and then they all took off outward in different directions.  No smoke trails. No flashing lights.  Like that stay white satellite color when they are really far away, but this wasn't that far away...  Scariest thing I've ever seen.  Can't describe how scary it still is.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
I was driving to Boise from Caldwell and noticed one bright white blue sphere and 8+ red green and blue smaller spheres to the right.;2013-07-17 04:00:00;28 minutes;I was driving to Boise from Caldwell and noticed one bright white blue sphere and 8+ red green and blue smaller spheres to the right of the first sphere.  In the north east sky's over Ada county.   The single large white blue sphere slowly turned to 2 spheres then back to one and repeated this for multiple minutes.  While this was happening the 8 + colored spheres where slowly moving in random spots of the sky but maintained a very close proximity to each other.   The drive takes 40 minutes from Caldwell to Boise and I watched them for that long. As I got closer to Boise the larger blue white sphere turned to 3 and spread out horizontally but not I'm a perfect line.  The 8+ colored spheres desolved to a group of 3 to 4.   Originally the spheres were over the northeast area of Ada county in what we call the north end.  They seemed higher than the hilltops of table rock at first but as I got closer they moved further east and even higher above the mountain tops.   Then I went inside and went to bed;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
Streaking fiery mass.;2015-05-03 22:30:00;3 seconds;streaking firey mass I'm a retired city fireman and forest ranger who served his time in a firetower.  While walking my dog on the evening on Sunday, May 3rd, something bright caught my eye in the NW sky.  At first I observed what I thought was fireworks returning to the ground, but I quickly realized that this was way too big for that.  I witnessed a firey mass streaking to earth.  The mass was multicolored with an extremely long tail.  As it traveled straight down very fast, colorful spark-like pieces were released.  The colors were green, red and yellow and were florescent.  It was quite the sight and was about 3 seconds in duration. It kept traveling straight to earth so low it appeared it was going to crash, unfortunately it disappeared behind some trees... again, very low. As a 12 year boy I witnesses a similar object (same color scheme) but it was traveling horizontally and I believed it turned out to be a meteoite I believe. I never witnessed space junk returning to earth, but I would be willing to bet it looks like my sighting.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
White stationary object remaining for >20 min and counting very very high in atmosphere.  Changing shape from oval to angular.;2016-08-06 19:45:00;>11 minutes;White stationary object remaining for >20 min and counting very very high in atmosphere. Changing shape from oval to angular. Sitting outside at neighborhood pool in nice bright evening light and all at pool witnessed a white object, way farther up than a drone, remaining in a general stationary area.  Sky view says Arcturus is up there but this is bright day light and seems closer.  Seems like a dimensional object.  Sometimes looks oval, sometimes looks angular or triangular.   We have photos.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
Odd ship that changed shapes, then back to original round shape, possible lights on it.;2016-08-08 18:15:00;40 minutes;Odd ship that changed shapes, then back to original round shape, possible lights on it. My niece called me from Nampa, Idaho, and asked me if I could go outside and see if I could see what she was seeing in the sky,  I live in Boise, Idaho, approximately 20 miles away.   I went out in the backyard and looked toward the southwest, and it only took me a minute or two to spot it.  It looked like a white shiny sort of ball-shape ship of some kind floating through the air, way up high.  My only camera is my Galaxy S6 smartphone, so I started taking photos.  This white ball moved quietly through the air above me for about 40 minutes.  I took many photos of it through clouds and a background of bright blue sky.  It seemed to be on a northeastern path, exactly toward Bogus Basin Ski area in the Boise Mountains above where we live.   As I was taking photos, I noticed that this ball changed from the single big white ball to a single smaller ball then two balls the three balls in a triangle shape, then a purplish looking tube shape, then a couple of odd shapes before it went back to the bigger single white ball shape.  When my niece sent me photos of this ball shaped thing in the sky, it wasn't really a ball shape, but she was taking pictures through a high power telescope lens.  This was really an odd thing to see in the daylight.  We have alot of ships or?, they are in the Bogus Basin area at night I have watched them until 6:15 am, they are there every night starting about 1:30am.  They move super fast, darting around, bouncing up and down, zigzagging and doing perfect square patterns in the sky.  They are super bright glittery ball shapes that are so high up that they are about the size of the head of a pin.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
