8 lights in two rows, separate two groups of 4, rotate form diamonds and head off across sky.;1986-06-15 22:00:00;5 minutes;8 lights in two rows, separate two groups of 4, rotate form diamonds and head off across sky. I have wanted to share this for many years but didn't know where to do it. My friend and I and his mother were out on his patio on a nice summer evening in the summer of 1986.  He was leaving for the Navy in couple weeks and we were just talking about old times.  My friends home was adjacent to a 10 acre pasture and on the opposite side of the pasture was a shopping center with the typical bright parking lot lights.  Straight line distance the parking lot was about 1000ft to the north from where were were.   As we were talking my friends mom said What the heck is that?  My friend and I which had our backs to the parking lot turned around.  Directly above the parking lot in the sky where there is no stars because of city lights were 8 lights that were rising up.  As I looked at them the kind of shimmied side to side as they went up and I initially thought that someone had let go of a bunch of balloons and we were seeing the parking lot lights reflect off of the bottoms of the balloons as they rose.  This was quickly not the case as the 8 ! lights (in two rows of 4 with each light in the opposite row halfway between the next.  The lights continued up in the sky and were now passing through the sky with stars and these lights were now as bright or brighter than the surrounding stars.  They proceeded up to about 45 degrees then stopped.  The 8 lights now separated horizontally into to rhombus shaped objects.  They then rotated about 45 degrees counterclockwise to form diamonds.  The lower diamond proceeded to move up side by side with the other diamond and then connect.  The two diamonds then started moving across the sky north to south.  They were going about twice as fast as an orbiting satellite for reference.  I followed it accross the sky until a large pine tree blocked my view.  As I ran around the other side of the tree the object was gone.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
A kite-shaped object with white lights in each corner was seen flying over central Boise and toward Meridian.;2001-02-05 18:40:00;5-10 minutes;A kite-shaped object with white lights in each corner was seen flying over central Boise and toward Meridian. Feb. 5 2001. Boise Idaho. When driving southeast on Chinden Blvd at approximately 6:40 PM I noticed a set of two very bright lights about  10-20 degrees above the horizon that at first appeared to be stationary. My first impression was that this was a conventional aircraft with its landing lights on. After a minute or so I noticed the aircraft was not following the normal airport approach. (I live near the airport and have a good feel for the normal arrival and departure patterns as well as the appearance of various aircraft at night.) The aircraft proceeded in what appeared to be a straight line over Garden City directly toward west Boise. (Plotting the flight path on a map indicates that the object passed virtually directly over the state capitol building downtown.) As the object approached, a white strobe light between the two landing lights became visible. For a moment I got the impression that an aircraft was in trouble and considering Chinden as a possible landing strip. Then I got the impression that the object could possibly be a slow moving blimp or perhaps I was approaching a balloon over the fairgrounds. (I was searching for rational explanations that I dismissed one by one.) I was stopped at the intersection of Chinden and Kent Ln. (next to the fairgrounds) when the object passed overhead and to my left. I was able to roll down my car window and look up at the object. It consisted of four white lights (two bright ones on the wingtips, one strobe on the nose and a dim one on the tail). There were no conventional (red/green) aviation lights. There was no additional low flying jet noise above the normal traffic noise.  I caught a glimpse of the vehicle body as it passed in front of an upper level haze lit by moonlight and it appeared to be black and diamond shaped with four white lights at the tips. It was about 1 thumb width (at an arms length) from wingtip to wingtip. It also appeared to be leaving behind a vapor trial that was about the same width. It was difficult to estimate the altitude, and whether it wa! s ascend ing or descending.  Unfortunately, I could not observe the shape at length because the traffic light changed. At this point, the object clearly seemed peculiar, so I made a U-turn when I could and attempted to pursue it in the direction of its travel. The rear light was dim and the object was much more difficult to make out from the rear. I noted once again that the normal red and green navigation lights that would otherwise clearly mark a conventional aircraft from the rear were absent. The object seemed to move away and disappear much more rapidly than it approached (Probably because the brighter forward facing lights made it visible from farther away.) It disappeared over the rim of a ridge above Chinden. My total observation time was approximately 5-10 minutes. Two acquaintences of mine mentioned the next day that they also noticed some strange lights. One was traveling west on I-84 approximately 7-10 miles SW of my location. She reported that she saw strange lights moving west and south of the freeway, about 20 degrees above the horizon. The direction and time are consistent with my observations. I also monitored the sky at the same time on subsequent evenings to verify that this was not part of a routine daily jet flight. While preparing this report, I conducted a casual search of your database for similar sightings and found the following report with a description that matched what I saw: Occurred : 12/28/2000 18:00 (Entered as : 12/28/00 18:00) Reported : 1/5/2001 18:30 Posted : 1/28/2001 Location : Holyoke, MA Shape : Diamond … described it as being diamond shaped, like a kite, with white lights on the points… That describes exactly what I saw. I'm a 44 year old electrical engineer who works for a well known high-tech company. I'm not fully convinced I observed an unconventional vehicle, but I do know that I saw what appeared to be an uncommon shape with a definite lack of red/green aviation lights on a strange flight path. I'm posting this in the event that it provides any additional useful information in combination with what others have seen.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
Bright Star Turns into Pitch Black Diamond with blinking lights.;2005-03-03 23:40:00;5 mins.;Bright Star Turns into Pitch Black Diamond with blinking lights. It was a usual night... It was around 11:40pm and I was fixing a friends computer while he was playing a video game on mine. I decided to take a break and go outside for a cigarette to kill time while i was updating his computer...  I was outside on my front porch as I looked to my right and noticed a bright flashing object. Now at first i figured it was a star... but then I looked at the usual spot where the north star was and saw it. I compared that star to the object and saw that the object was flashing wildly. It changed colors from orangish to reddish.  Then the objects glare which made it look like a star faded for approx 1 second and came back. So I ran inside to grab my friend and told him to check this out. I noticed it had moved a little bit. It was slowly travelling to the left. But It was so slow that I could hardly tell it was moving at all.  I pointed it out to my friend and he couldnt explain what it was. The object then seemed to be coming towards us. The star like object was getting brighter and bigger so my friend started to run. I grabbed hold of him and told him not to be scared and that it was interesting.  Suddenly the object came into clear view and the Star like appearence faded and the object turned out to be a pure black diamond shape object with red blinking lights.  Now I thought... OK.. Its starting to look like a plane, but there is no noise, it was a silent night and why is it pitch back compared to the blueish night sky and diamond shape. It was close enough to see... Im not good at measuring but probably got as close as a few thousand feet from us. It then looked as if it was gliding in the air. Its flight pattern was that of a half circle or as a curve ball would be thrown. I have seen other UFO's that I could not explain but this was the closest I have ever gotten.;43.6082645510839;-116.234624458205
