2 Bright Red Lights - Then 2 More!  Turning at weird angles and silent.;2013-07-13 21:30:00;6 minutes;2 Bright Red Lights - Then 2 More!  Turning at weird angles and silent. It was Saturday night, 7/13/13 at 9:30PM, when I decided to let my dog out the front door and smoke a cigarette.  My family was on vacation and I was the only one home unfortunately.   Just above the tree line, with considerable distance, was two bright RED lights (more later)..  These lights were circular, and much brighter and about twice the size of red blinking lights you would see on a plane, but not blinking.  I stared at it, and thought...hmm that looks kind of funny, and started to realize it was not a plane.  It was hovering, or moving incredibly slow, but definitely moving.  The two lights were always parallel to each other, but at a slight angle. I ran and grabbed my phone inside, just in case.   After, I noticed the lights started moving faster, and they started turning in a weird angle that no plane could.  Almost as if it was doing barrel rolls, or slowly spinning around each other.  This is where it got weird....I then notice two more red lights! , come out of no where!  They were just as bright, and also a similar distance between the two.  They all started moving off to the north, but you could tell they were separate bodies, or seemed to be.  Changing speeds, faster then slow to a hover.  The second pair of lights were at a weird angle, and definitely not perpendicular to the other set.  One set started going behind the tree line, and I ran down the street to try and follow it, but lost it.  The second pair of lights, again was moving at weird angles, and then all of a sudden disappeared.  I did see them pop up again, but then disappeared again.  After that, I stared at the sky, and saw nothing.  The weirdest part, is there was absolutely NO sound... They seemed like they were over the Connecticut River, and usually if we see a helicopter searching in that area, we hear it and it is incredibly loud, but nothing was heard.  When I grabbed my phone (Galaxy S2), I tried taking pictures, but they came out completely ! black because of the dark.  I even made a video, and it has th! e audio of me encountering the UFO and wondering what the heck was going on, but again it was completely black.  Incredibly disappointing, especially when I was trying to explain my story.  Another crazy thing, was the fact that my aunt sent me a report of an incredibly similar story about a half hour north of me, near Greenfield Mass (I can't remember the town name exactly, but I'll have to find it again! and try and get back).  That sighting was said to be at 10:00PM the same night!   His story has similar red lights, but he also saw a few different color flashes.  This night was a little cloudy, but nice and comfortable, with only light wind.  I've never seen a UFO before, and I'm still trying to comprehend what I saw.  I'm usually a skeptic with anything funny in the sky, but this was different.;42.234;-72.583
Erratically moving glowing light in sky.;2016-10-18 01:00:00;>20 minutes;Erratically moving glowing light in sky The object I saw first looked like a very bright blinking star, but the longer I looked at it I realized that it was moving from right to left erratically, and then up and down.  It would occasionally stand still before starting to move in random patterns again.  Occasionally, it would look to be glowing faintly red or green.  I watched it for about 20 minutes and it never moved from its general area in the sky.;42.234;-72.583
