My family and neighbors saw a glowing red sphere hovering in the sky and shot away in incredible speed.;1997-07-02 23:00:00;10~15;My family and neighbors saw a glowing red sphere hovering in the sky and shot away in incredible speed. It was around 22:00 when my mom and dad informed me that they were taking out trash to the dumpster at the other side of the apartment complex, which was about 10 mins. walking distance there and back. It was almost mid-night when they got home. I know this because I heard door opening and  went out to the living room to see who it was. I noticed my mom and dad were acting strangely they were sitting on the sofa, staring into distance like they were in a trance. But, I didn't think much of it and went back to my room. It was about 15 mins later that my mom ran into my room where I and my sisters were playing video games. She told us that there was an UFO outside and the neighbors had gathered to see it. So, the five of us rushed out (mom,dad me and my two sisters)to see it. The neighbors had gathered in the parking lot and they were all looking up in the sky. The object was the size of a nail head, glowing red, about 80 degrees angle up in the sky. It was stationary with no pulsating light. It stayed there for about 10 plus mins when it shot away toward SW in a red line and disappeared. After that, I asked my mom and dad, why did't they tell us immediately after they got home. My mom said that for some reason, she had forgotten to do so.  Then, I asked her, what took them so long to take out trash?  Did they go somewhere else?  She said no, they didn't go anywhere else expect going to the dumpster, and it was my dad who saw the UFO first on the treetop behind the apartment complex.  The object was about the size of a quarter when they first saw it.  Then, my mom urged him to go home because she was in fear.  And, they were in disbelief when they found out that they were gone for almost two hours.  They had no memory of what had happen during the time lost. After hearing that, I went to the windows and saw an object falling from the sky that looked like a huge meteorite in the general direction were the UFO had disappeared.  The object was bright white with a tail. I also noticed a big chuck of it broke off just before it disappeared behind the treeline.  If my estimation were correct, it landed somewhere between Springfield and Northampton.;42.234;-72.583
