MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  We saw a large football shaped object hovering above an apartment complex .;1992-10-01 18:00:00;90 seconds;We saw a large football shaped object hovering above an apartment complex . I had picked my 5 yr.old son up at daycare.  Driving home we had to sit at a red light crossing the frwy at a bit of a downhill grade. My son sits low in the front seat.  He pointed up and slightly to the right and said, Mommy, what’s that?   I lifted my sun visor and bent forward to see what he was pointing at.   We saw a large football shaped object hovering above an apartment complex.  We use to live in that complex years before so, I know how big the area is there.   This object hovered above the complex and was almost the same size as a football field including bleachers space!  It had a soft glow of white and no defined edges, no windows, no sound. I froze for a moment then shoved it in park, threw open my van door, and stood out on the step of the van.  I looked at the truck behind us, waved at them and pointed back up at it.  They too leaned down a bit to look under their visors, saw it, and they both raised their arms up to push up their visors at the same time their mouths wide open.   I looked back and it was still there and all of a sudden, I got scared and sat back in the van closing my door, looking up from inside with my son again the object sped quietly upward at an angle to the right, getting smaller.  Now the size of a baseball it stopped and changed course speeding upward in the opposite direction so fast and kept going till it disappeared.  Its flight path was in the shape of the letter V= (>) like this.  At that moment the light turned green we drove through and on the other side of the freeway was a field, parked along it was a man’s truck.  He was in the field staring at a deer that was frozen scared staring back at him.  As he inched closer, I pulled over, jumped out and yelled, Did you see it!?  He said, See what?  I said the ufo, it was over there above that apartment complex  He said, In broad daylight, no?!   He looked at me like I was nuts and I ran back to my van and drove away...I remember one thing really struck me as odd.  Just before my son said, Mommy, what’s that? !  I had be en repeating over and over in my mind-- Turn green, turn green, turn green.  When my son spoke to me it was as if he broke a trance I was in.  I had felt like I had been possessed to keep my attention on the red light in the intersection, the man and the deer too. It was as if he was made to stare only at the deer.  The deer was unusually frozen in its tracks.  HOW COULD HE NOT SEE IT!!! unless he was in some sort of trance too.  Why was my son unafected by this trance?  I don’t know, maybe they didn’t think he needed to be.  You know how you get a strange feeling someone is staring at you!   Well that’s the feeling that frightened me into getting back in the van.  I felt like many eyes were watching me!  They saw me!  It has taking me years to be able to say this.  Aliens from another world looked at me and only at me for that moment in time that I stood on the step of my van.  I've read many stories over the years, but none described the massive ship I saw.  Please tell me if you heard of any ships as big as this one. I can’t be alone on this one. Received by MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));37.186164902507;-93.2820066852368
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  Brightly lit object on May 31st seen flying east over SW Missouri around 11pm is the Sanyo blimp.;2007-05-31 23:00:00;60 min;Brightly lit object on May 31st seen flying east over SW Missouri around 11pm is the Sanyo blimp. UFO sighting over Greene and Lawrence Co.'s in SW Missouri- Mysterious lit object turns out to be the Sanyo blimp flying eastward over these counties. The Lawrence Co. Record newspaper reporter said that a female Lawrence Co. witness identified the aircraft.  She said it was close enough for her to see that it was the Sanyo blimp. She has taken photos, but they didn't turn out. This is one of those small internally lighted blimps traveling to some eastern destination last Thurs night. Mystery solved. Brian Adams- MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP   ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));37.186164902507;-93.2820066852368
