Very large craft with five large lights moving slowley over ridge line, with out any sound of engines.;2011-05-09 20:00:00;10-15 minutes;Very large craft with five large lights moving slowley over ridge line, with out any sound of engines. I'm really unsure what I saw.  I was looking to the south on the ridge line just before dark, I seen what appeared to be a large plane moving slowley to the east along the ridge line flying very low at a best guess I would say maybe 500 feet above ridge line.  It had five large lights spaced along the front of the craft. I thought at first it was a military craft, but I have never seen one like it.  It moved along the ridge line and appeared to be about a 2 football lenghts so somewhere around 500-600 yards long.  It was absoutley silent not sound of engines at all.   I called my wife and told her what I was seeing.  I watched it for about 3 minutes then the craft changed course and started heading due south.  I could no longer see any lights just the back mass of the object.  At this point I would guess it to be about 1 mile maybe a mile and a half away.   I ran to my truck and grabbed my binoculars darkness started to set in, I looked at the object through my binoc's and at this point could only make out lights like a amber or yellowish hugh and could no longer see the craft.  What made me feel that what I saw wasn't a plane was one no sound, and just at dark five fast moving jets raced across the sky from the direction of the my last spotting of ther craft.  I could easly tell that those were planes and I could see the strobing lights along the wings of the jets.   They moved from one side to the other side of the horizon in about 10 seconds and then everything was over. I can not beleive that something of that size and unusualness was not seen by other residents in the community.  The craft appeared at Nickle mountian and  moved along the ridge line due east.  This is an old nickle mine called Hand and Nickel.  Which is now owned by Green Diamond and is where I work and was able to see what ever it was I saw.  It is not possible for me to see a craft that close and not hear the sound of it, I have looked all over the internet for a craft similar to what I had saw but as of yet I haven't found one. I guess best description it was rectangular very long it hade five large lights evenly spaced alonf the front bottom of craft.  The aft of the craft was very unusual as the plane headed due south I could make out aft it was very large and its mass shape was not cylinder but rather more like  2 tear drop shapes. This is the first time I have ever seen anything that I could not explain away.  I have never really bought into the whole UFO sighting.  I am still unsure of what I saw and would hope that it be easy explained away.  I doubt it.  I feel I am a person of good intuition and intellagent enough to know the differance from a plane, Chinook, gunship, jet, or blimp.  It was none of these.;42.9363;-123.3577
