Large hovering light that changed into five separate, smaller lights.;2009-11-15 18:00:00;30 minutes;Large hovering light that changed into five separate, smaller lights. At about 18:00 on Sunday November 15th I was at work, in the forklift pulling hot steel coils off of the beam and placing them outside in the storage yard.  I looked up in the northern sky and saw an extremely bright but small light traveling east in a straight line and it just looked very wrong and out of place.  It was hard to put my finger on what was wrong about it.  The light was too bright, it didn't strobe or blink, but it was changing.  I didn't think of this at the time, it only occurred to me the next day, but I think one reason that it looked so out of place is that I see plane after plane, all night long, make their landing descents towards Toledo Express Airport, but all of those landing descents take place in the southern sky - well south of my position at work.  But this light was in the northern sky. Anyway, I didn't think much of it, other than a kind of that was weird notion, and I went back inside to pull another coil off the beam.  This time when I came back to the storage yard outside, there was the brightest light I've ever seen in my life sitting in the northern sky.  I literally said out loud Oh my God!  The brightness of it looked like someone was welding or torch-cutting the sky.  That's the best I can describe it.  If you've ever looked at somebody welding without a visor on - it was that level of brightness.  It was stationary - it was not moving, and it was huge.  I'm not good at estimating it's size but I would figure it was maybe about the size of 4 or 5 two-story houses put together.  It did not have a shape.  It was constantly changing.  Boiling is almost a good description of its manner and consistency.  It was like a bubbling glob of light in the sky.  It's colors alternated between white, red, and green.  Now I know that white, red, and gree! n are the colors of every single airplane at night but I assure you this was no airplane nor did it even remotely resemble an airplane.  It didn't have lights that were blinking or changing color, it was light and it was changing color, and it was doing so about thirty times a second.  I would compare it to when someone blows into a pinwheel.  That's how rapid the color-change was occurring.  I'm also not good at estimating it's altitude but I would roughly guess somewhere around 5000 feet or so.  It was a clear night, but had there been clouds, it would have been below them. I called my coworker on the radio and asked if he was in the office.  He said that he was so I told him to step outside and look above Winchesters (the truck stop on the corner of State Route 109 and County Road H.) WHAT THE F**K IS THAT!?! he said. Ok, I'm just making sure someone else is seeing this, I said. It was absolutely amazing.  My heart was racing, my hands were shaking, and it wasn't out of any kind of fear.  It was out of excitement and out of the fact that this didn't belong or have any logical place in the sky that I've been looking at all of my life.  This made no sense.  We watched transfixed as the light behaved the way I described above for a minute or two. Then, while we were sitting there watching it, two much smaller orbs came off of it (out of it, through it, I don't know) and began to fly independently.  The main light was stationary but these orbs came off of it and flew east.  My coworker and I started shouting and swearing like lunatics, making sure the other had just seen that happen.  After the two orbs flew off, they began to increase in size and brightness and the main light began to decrease.  Soon all three lights were the same size.  At this point, I grabbed my cell phone and called my fiance because I wanted her to go outside and see if she could see this from Swanton.  She didn't answer but she still has the voicemail I left describing the event as it was happening.  I did not think to try and take a picture but I doubt much would have shone through a cellphone camera anyway.  In hindsight, I should have tried to call everyone I know. Soon the three lights formed the shape of a triangle and then held it for a minute or so.  Then a fourth light appeared out of nowhere.  The other three lights broke their triangle formation and began flying around.  The flying was not dramatic in the sense that they were zipping all around the sky, because that was not the case at all.  Almost all of the flying was relatively slow but it was obvious that these lights could, and were, moving in any direction they wanted.  They could fly in a direction, stop on a dime, then head back the other way.  Same thing with up or down.  It did seem very deliberate to me and impossibly exact.  It wasn't chaotic.  At one point, they formed a straight line, at another they would be jumbled together.  I don't know if there was any noise because I was in the forklift but my coworker didn't hear anything.  The most I saw was five lights flying at the same time. Then, one of the lights flew in a straight line heading east, away from the rest of the lights.  Once a considerable distance away, it stopped and then dimmed completely into disappearance.  At the exact moment that it was dimming away, a new light began to shine into existence in the western sky, on the other side of the rest of the lights.  This would continue for a while.  One of the lights would fade out while another one would simultaneously fade into existence.  But that wasn't always the case.  Sometimes two would fade out and no new ones would appear. All the while, I had work to do so I had to keep returning to the beam to grab coils but then I would sit and watch the lights for a minute or two before I would have to return to the building again.  The whole incident from start to finish was about a half hour.  The whole time it was occurring it looked like the event as a whole was slowly moving north.  At around 18:25 all I could see was one large light in the sky, just like it had started, but it was much further north than when it first appeared.  Then, around 18:30 I returned to the building to grab another coil and when I returned the light was gone and I never saw it again. Luckily I have a witness to back this story up but I didn't think that was going to be valuable or even be an issue.  I could not wait to get home to watch the news that night because I thought for sure every single person that was traveling on the Ohio Turnpike or Airport Highway (Rt. 2) had to either be calling this in or recording it.  To me, there is no way anyone traveling on either road could have missed this  Or anyone in Fulton County, for that matter, with a view of the northern sky.  I honestly expected helicopters or airplanes to arrive at any minute to investigate.  This was too unmissable, unnatural, and bright to be missed by anyone in the area.  I thought for sure this was going to be story #1 on every single news program that night.  So you can imagine how disappointed I was that night when there was no mention of anything on the news.  To this day, I cannot find anything about strange lights or UFOs on any of the local channels' or the Toledo Blade's we! bsites.  I've also searched YouTube to see if any footage has been posted - If there has been, I haven't found it.  But I've also searched YouTube to see if I can find any footage at all from around the world that resembles what I saw that night.  So far, I've found a clip or two that is similar, but nothing at all that makes me go: There!  That is what I saw!  It is surprisingly frustrating. The only tiny piece of validation I have, other than a 2nd eye witness, was a friend of mine who works at the Air National Guard base at Toledo Express Airport.  I was telling him about the sighting and he confirmed that he was working the night of my sighting and he heard a group of coworkers make the joke that Well, it sounds like the mother ship has landed.  They were discussing the UFOs in the sky that night.  My friend didn't think much of it at the time and he didn't have any other information.  He didn't know if calls were coming into the base to report the UFOs or if the base itself was able to see them on radar.  He did not know if jets were scrambled to investigate (I never saw any.)  But he did confirm that the base was at least aware that there was strange phenomena occurring in the sky on that night.;41.5572;-83.994
