Bright object seen in sky north of Vancouver Wa.;2001-01-15 19:45:00;1hr./15min.;Bright object seen in sky north of Vancouver Wa. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the witness describes here the star, Betelgeuse.  It is very bright in the southeastern sky, and it twinkles vividly.  PD)) On the night of Jan.,15,2001 I was driving to a friends house when I first noticed the object in the sky. Since I was almost to his home I didn't give it much thought although I did think that it looked out of place or strange since it seemed brighter than any of the stars around it or even other aircraft lights that I could identify. I spent about 45min. at his home and then left. on the way out his driveway I saw that the object was still in the sky but seemed to have move to the south of it's original position where I had seen it earlier. this peaked my interest enough to stop my vehicle and watch it from a stationary position. I thought to myself that a aircraft would have been long gone by now unless it was a rotorcraft that was hovering. After watching this object for mayby two to three minutes I was convinced that it was not behaving in a  familiar way. It would move periodicaly in a direction (up,down,left,right) and than stop. The movement was rapid and the distance traveled was not great, but it was difficult to tell just how far it was moving. After it would move I could see a small cloud of something appear where it had been then this cloud would disappear in just a moment,it looked like a small patch of fog. With the naked eye the object looked like a ball of light very bright in intensity and periodicaly I would notice red and green colors also. I returned to my friends house hoping that he might have a pair of binoculars that I could use to help identify this object. My friend had both a pair of binoculars (10X) and a spotting scope (20X to 60X). Both myself and my friend along with his wife and daughter went back outside to observe this object with the above mentioned items. Once in a position where we cold see the object it was clear to my friend and his wife that this object was nothing that they have ever seen before. We all agreed that we could not positively identify it with the naked eye. The binoculars were too unstable to get a good solid look at the object. My friend drove his truck up to where we were to use as a rest for the spotting scope. When the scope was on target it was even stranger looking at 60X magnification. To me the object looked like a single cell organism as seen with high power microscope. The color was easier to see with the spotting scope, it appeared to be changing slightly in intensity between white,green,red,and yellow but none of the colors ever completely went away. even with the help of optical magnification none of us could identify this object. My friend and I continued to watch this object and at about 8:50pm it faded than disappeared behind some hills.    During the time that the object was observed it traveled in what I would say was a southwest direction. I have been a professional firefighter for 15 years. My friend is self employed as a welder/fabricator and his wife is a local 911 dispatcher.;45.6636952164009;-122.577728929385
3 red lights making formations;2006-11-28 17:40:00;30 sec. -1 min;3 red lights making formations We were outside smoking a cigarette and started talking about jets, being that we were listening to a louder than usual jet, or so we thought.  My boyfriend pointed to the red light that we thought was the jet and i noticed to more red lights next to it. The lights seemed to have another color behind them, other than the darkish sky. As we stood there we saw the lights move in a slow steady pace. The were formed in a triangular shape and slowly moved into a rounded half circle and then into a perfectly straight angled line that ended in a perfectly straight line that was 90 degrees from the ground. We watched until they quickley disapeared. When the lights moved they moved smoothley and perfectly, but we saw one kind of jerk back and forth and return to formation. As the were disapearring we saw a white light (a plane?) intersect their path but at a different direction and I don't know how close it was to them. If this wasn't an alien spacecraft than it was some crazy government fighter plane. I still cant believe we both witnessed this. I had goosebumps for the next 5 minutes and when I explain it to people I still get the chills.;45.6636952164009;-122.577728929385
I was taking pictures during the luna eclipse starting at 23:00 thru my bedroom window.I took many pictures starting when the moon was;2014-04-14 23:00:00;10 minutes;I was taking pictures during the lunar eclipse starting at 23:00 thru my bedroom window.  I took many pictures starting when the moon was full to when the moon was eclipsed.  The lights only appeared at the beginning when the moon was full.  I took the first picture of the full moon then went to take another picture with my digital camera zoomed in and noticed a white circle coming towards the moon on the left side of my picture.  I thought that was weird so i took a picture.  The next time minutes later i zoomed in and noticed that the white circle was moving up down right to left so i took another picture.  After this i noticed a second white circle light come in to my picture , while looking at the moon thru my camera, so i took a picture.  I have at least 5 to 6 pictures with up to 3 unknown lights to the left of the moon and bottom of the moon.  As i went thru my pictures after i notice to the right side and top there was a weird round thing that looked like a pl! anet, but it did not stay in the same spot.  The moon was still at the full moon stage to slight full.  This all happened with in the first 30 minutes.  I did change location for my pictures to the deck.  I did not see anything after the moon started eclipsing.  I showed a few people the pictures, like my 2 boys and a couple of people at work, of course they are skeptics.  I have never seen an unidetified light before, but while looking at the moon with out the camera, there was a light to the right top side of the moon that moved a little from left to right.  Not a plane.  I have seen pictures of other peoples sightenings and have been recently interested in this.  I did see that vancouver washington has had sightenings, I dont know if this is one or not.  But i am fascinated. PS:  while looking into my camera while it was zoomed in to the moons view i witnessed the white objects come into my view , which means there were moving not a light from the moon.;45.6636952164009;-122.577728929385
Orange Orbs on Horizon changed shape into white haze with inner-pie-section clockwise rotation at high rate of speed.;2016-05-07 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Orange Orbs on Horizon changed shape into white haze with inner-pie-section clockwise rotation at high rate of speed. An orange orb had risen from the North horizen behind the Vancouver Plaza theater at a 45 degree angle heading South but disappeared behind a tree in front of our parked car obstructing my view. Couple mins later it happened again like Deja Vu,  So I got out of the car and ran past the tree this time so I could be ready. It came in the distance again and so I rushed to hurry and urinate. The object taking longer than I expected to arrive, I ran back to the car again behind the tree as before tryng to wake my tired friend. But inside the car the roof blocked his view. It made no sound as It came out the other side of the tree at a 45-degree angle in front of me. To my surprise was no longer a orange flare anymore but had transformed or appeared as a white haze (Like spider's nest) with black or transparent inner-pie-section rotating clockwise, identical to a helicopter's rapid-blade  (Like the 80's party game Simon with touch light) with motion creating a optical illusion slowly rotating within the blade movement.  I can't make this stuff up it might be blade based or actually military reverse engineered who knows?. All I can say is if so I'd like to have one instead of wasting our natural resources polluting the planet not knowing the consquences (earthquakes hint hint.)  Object flew across entire horizen in 1-minute straight like a sattellite and keep in mind it was clear skies even though it looked like a white light hitting a cloud.   Coincedently or not it became cloudy about 15 mins after sighting so maybe it accidently missed its cloud covering or had to stick to the some mission on schedule or avoid the clouds who knows?;45.6636952164009;-122.577728929385
Pulsating shape in early morning sky.;2019-01-13 07:30:00;1 hour;Pulsating shape in early morning sky. Pulsing shape like a octagon slowly changing shape.  Lighted corners connected by lines. Resembles a small spider web that changes shape.  Located in the southern sky at an angle to ground about 45 degrees and high in the sky..  Disappeared as sun rose.;45.6636952164009;-122.577728929385
