Golden orange quarter moon shaped-object hovers at tree line for ten minutes before developing an orb and disappearing in Sanford, NC.;2006-11-26 22:05:00;10 minutes;Golden orange quarter moon shaped-object hovers at tree line for ten minutes before developing an orb and disappearing in Sanford, NC. At approximately 10:05 pm my husband and I observed a quarter-moon shaped, golden object at the tree line due west from the front porch of our home. The object was shaped so much like the moon and was so close in size, too, that at first we thought it was just some sort of atmospheric condition causing an odd colored moon. It was sunset colored golden orange. Then we realized that not only was the sky perfectly clear (we could see all of the stars no clouds), but this moon was in the wrong position in the sky it is always above the tree line and to the east at that time of night. We immediately began watching the object, discussing what it could be.  Over the course of 2-3 minutes, we both noted that the object began twinkling on the lower side, almost like some object lit with Christmas lights. The thought that it could be some sort of Christmas decoration entered our discussion, but our location is in the country in a wooded, secluded area we cannot see any other houses from our home, and this object was not in a direction where any houses exist. Over the next few minutes, the entire object began dimming so that it was hard to see through the trees. It was almost as if clouds were passing over it and blocking it from view, even though there were no clouds anywhere something seemed to be obstructing our view, and the object itself seemed to be changing positions.  We changed positions, trying to keep an eye on the object. It developed an orangey-red, fire colored orb over its top center area, and the entire object grew brighter momentarily. We almost called 911. We thought maybe there was a large fire in the woods. However, before we could do anything, the body of the object dimmed again. Over the next few minutes the orb grew smaller and smaller as if moving away from us. Then it just disappeared completely from sight.  There was a beeping sound that we noticed as soon as we’d gone outdoors, and this sound continued after the object disappeared. The beeping repetition and sound was similar to that of a house fire alarm, but it sounded, then paused for a few seconds, then sounded again, over and over. We’d never noticed that sound before the incident, and it stopped after a few hours. We’re not sure if it’s related or not, but since we both heard it, I thought we should mention it.  Background on us: I’m a published writer and photographer (and didn’t take photos!! I couldn’t seem to tear myself away long enough to get the camera), and I hold an Associate in the Arts. Currently I’m working toward a BA in English. My husband is a housing contractor. He also runs a small business building custom guitars.;35.4612131386861;-79.1627927007305
Spherical ball of orange/yellow/white light changed shape and color to square then disc shape airplanes did come close and light would;2020-09-25 23:00:00;30-45 minutes;Spherical ball of orange/yellow/white light changed shape and color to square then disc shape airplanes did come close and light would looked like an odd bright white/yellow star that changed from a square,to an octagon to a grey disc shape. It hovered in the same place over a field across from my home in the night sky. If an airplane came near it dimmed its light til I couldn't see it.  Then once the air plane was gone the light came back. I was nervous and almost scared.  I have video and pictures and my 2 sons and I were witnesses.;35.4612131386861;-79.1627927007305
Tetrahedron orb flashing colors, hovers, changes shapes and directions over my field nightly many pictures and videos;2021-01-28 18:33:00;7 hours;Tetrahedron orb flashing colors, hovers, changes shapes and directions over my field nightly many pictures and videos m sending a video from January 28, 2001 at approximation 6:33pm taken in front of my home. I have over a year of video and pictures of strange hovering objects that change shape and color over the field in front of my home that I have seen during the day and night as well as many witnesses. I would like someone to investigate. I believe it is not of this world and I have never witnessed anything like this until I moved to this location. I have seen up to 7 at a time near my home. Usually it is only one or two objects and they seem to communicate to each other. They are very strange in shape like a tetrahedron shape and flash different colors but also change shape into some kind of orb. It is hard to explain. I have pictures of the same object that looks very different in each picture. I have had one get so close that it made me nervous and I ran back to my front porch. It was approximately 100 feet away. I feel as if it is observing me at times. It will stay hovering quietly over the field as long as I stand there watching and recording. When I look for them they are usually there unless the weather is bad. Please respond and help me get this looked into. Thank you.;35.4612131386861;-79.1627927007305
