Large Triangular object just outside Boston;1992-05-10 10:30:00;1.5 hours;Large Triangular object just outside Boston I was on my way to visit a friend in Brighton (I lived in Allston at the time) when I noticed a fairly bright white light hovering near the tree line. At the time I was looking in the diection of Logan Airport so I didn't give it much thought.  For some reason though this light kept catching my eye. I reached the intersection of the street I lived on and rounded the corner all the while keeping my eye on it. it would slowly drift one direction, stop and drift back the other way. Something in the back of my mind told me to stop in my tracks and observe it (which I did) and it seemem to almost be taunting me with the way it moved. It's movements were subtle but most unusual in that it seemed to have no clear direction. Also of note was the fact that the light remained at a farly consatnt magnitude unlike the lights of say a circling helicopter would if one is standing still observing it. It almost seemed to be taunting me as if it knew I was observing it. I must have watched this thing for a solid ten minutes just playing peak a boo descending just below and ascending just above the tree line drifting left to right. As I watched A black sedan pulled up near me and one of the occupants asked what I was looking at. They were three middle aged men three in the front one riding shotgun. The man in the front passenger side asked what I was looking at. Before I could answer he flashed a badge and said he was a Boston undercover police officer and that people had been reporting UFO's in the Roxbury Blue Hills avenue area. My jaw dropped and I told them I was indeed watching something in the sky I couldn't explain. They asked me a couple more questions that I can vaguely recall and drove off. At that point I felt very unsettled and tried to relocate this object I had been viewing but it was gone. I continued walking down the street keeping my eyes glued to the Eastern horizon and saw nothing until I got to the next intersection. I saw an object flying very silently and very low directly twoards me and i rememb! er feeli ng how surreal it looked because it was somewhat hazy that night and I couldn't make out any detail only that it seemed awfully low and traveling awfully slow. My ears kept straining to hear engine sounds but I heard none. There were two people approaching me and it appeared to be directly over their heads. I asked them to stop and tell me what it was but one didn't even look up, and the other gave me the sarcastic reply UFO dude. I felt like I was in the twilight Zone. After they past me the craft approached my position and hovered directly over head. I was so surreal triangular in shape silent with a solid red light at the nose and yellow green and blue lights that blinked rhymithicaly counter clockwise. It was huge. The size of maybe the infield of a a baseball field. The thing seemed to have some type of light absorbing field around it like a halo. It hovered above me for what seemed like a minute. Out of the corner of my eye I saw someone else across the street and I shouted for him to look at it and tell me what it was. He was by a gas station and I realized from his vantage point he was looking almost directly into a street light. In the moment I asked him and released my gaze from the object it had completely vanished from sight. I could not fathom how something that big could move that fast but it was completly gone from view. It was almost as if it knew I was watching it.It seemed to leaze the air with an ozoney kind of electric charge like just after a thunderstorm.It was the most unusuall/unsettling thing I have ever experienced. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));42.3513;-71.137
large triangular craft with 16 glowing round disks from below;2005-04-09 20:25:00;10 seconds;large triangular craft with 16 glowing round disks from below Evening in the city - though I was amazed to see stars when I looked up.  I saw a large triangular shape glide effortlessly across the sky. It appeared to be extremely high -- as though it were a plane and not a bird, and had several (16 or so) lights/circular shapes underneath.  No aircraft I know has so many or so large and round shapes glowing from beneath. There was no flashing light like on regular planes. It glided quickly, from west to east and disappeared.;42.3513;-71.137
