cross shaped object with blue and white lights hovering at very low altitude vanishes quickly;2008-06-11 23:00:00;10 to 15 seconds;cross shaped object with blue and white lights hovering at very low altitude vanishes quickly The event occurred on a calm June night around 11:00PM, 2008 while I was driving home from a baseball game. My brother, who was a passenger in the car, was telling me a story as we turned off into my housing development. I reached a smooth bend in the road and happened to look up and saw lights behind the trees. Knowing that there is an airport nearby, I thought to myself ‘that plane is flying really low’. Continuing through the turn I kept my eyes on the lights slightly hidden behind the trees for about 6 seconds. Reaching the end of the turn I could see the lights a little bit clearer as there were fewer trees and noticed that the object appeared to be hovering but was clearly some kind of organized pattern of lights. I focused on them for about another 4-6 seconds trying to determine what it was because sometimes planes appear to be still even thought they are moving. I thought this was strange because it was really low and somewhat resembled a large TV antenna with lights on it. However, I take this route every day and have never noticed this before. We finally reached the point where there are no trees and the object was in clear sight. Knowing that I have never seen anything like this before I abruptly shouted to my brother, ‘what the heck is that’? He looked up and was apparently as confused as I was. I got about 4-5 seconds of clear visual while my brother states he only got a glimpse but he too got a clear enough sight to confirm what I was seeing. We were both intrigued by how low and stagnant the object appeared to be. About 20 yards down the road was a side street with a cul-de-sac where I quickly went to get a better view. This only took 10 seconds or so to get turned around to get a better a look. However, by the time we pulled down the street the object was completely gone. We could not believe this. Judging by where the object was there is no way it could have completely disappeared. Even if it was a plane we should have had clear visual of it at the cul-de-sac. The object itself was clearly a cross shape. I saw a long series of lights, maybe 5-6, down the middle with two at the tips of the cross ends. They looked to be blue and white with a clearly larger blue light at the intersection. My brother only stated how strange it was that there were so many lights. As for me, the entire sighting was only for about 15 seconds with an unfortunate 4-5 seconds of clear visual. I am still trying to think of what it could be like a toy plane, an antenna, a plane, fireworks.  None of these seem to make sense.  I did have my window down and did not hear any noises like a gas powered engine or boom. Anyhow, it is really exciting because I have no clue what we saw. I myself am an architect. I have two professional degrees, a master’s degree and work at an architecture firm. I have always had a fascination with the paranormal and U.F.O.s and, honestly, have always wanted to see one. Much of my education focused around forensic architecture and engineering so I find the whole debunking side of paranormal investigations interesting. My brother is a teacher at a Catholic school.  He has three degrees and master’s in philosophy.;41.0187999999999;-81.6173999999998
