7 Obects seen over Southern Delaware.;2009-01-21 20:45:00;30 minutes;7 Obects seen over Southern Delaware. At approximately 20:45 I went outside on my porch to make a phone call.  While on the phone with my mother, I noticed several strange objects in the sky.  I counted as many as six in all.  The objects appeared to be of several different shapes, however I could only clearly see 1 craft in particular, and i will attempt to describe the others by their light patterns. The most visable object was one in which the shape and light patterns appeared to morph. It started off as a round object with a single light, then went to an triangular shape with three different lights. It then morphed again into an oval possessing 6 lights, and finally a cross shaped object of eight lights. It moved at a constant, slow speed across the sky and traveled directly above me. The second most visable object was a very bright object which seemed to hover, and would during the duration of the sighting appear either farther away of closer and at varying points across the sky. However, this object did remain within a small patch of sky and did not deviate from it. The other objects I will divide into two catagories. The first catagory is what would best be described as Firecracker like objects. These objects would appear to blink and would then reappear at a different point in the sky. these objects traveled in a very erratic pattern and at very fast speeds. They apeared to possess one light each, and the light would change colors from yellow, white, and red at random. Approximately 3 were seen. The second group can best be described as slow and steady. These objects moved slowely across the sky, but with an erraticness that could not be explained. Their light was constant, appearing white or red in the sky. Approximately 2 were seen. It sould be noted that I live on a waterway which emptes into the Atlantic Ocean and that there is a Powerplant on the body of water. There were also a good amount of aircraft that appeared after the sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  The date indicated is flawed, so we have assigned a date above, which we assume is the correct one.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information, so we are unable to confirm the date.  PD));38.5595217391304;-75.2058304347826
