We were performing at a large private condominium (5 in a musical group)gated complex on an evening.. just turning dusk.  My ex-husband;1973-08-25 21:30:00;10 minutes;We were performing at a large private condominium (5 in a musical group)gated complex on an evening.. just turning dusk.  My ex-husband came running inside where we had performed and were breaking up the set.  He yelled that there were 3 ufo's outside to run out.  I did and although they had been very close to the ground at the time he had seen then first...he said you could almost see in the windows!  Unfortunately,  when I got outside they were about the distance up in the air of an airplane.  The were very erratic in that they would zoom  very, very fast  and then hover.  There were lights around the crafts and the colors turned red, green and yellow.  I have never reported this but it is something one never forgets!  Because it was a gated community there were two security guards, several people walking around the area and those of us that were in the building doing and viewing the show. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));25.9823;-80.1405
i live on the ocean in a high-rise condominium.at approximately 3am i awoke and walked over to the living room where my terrace overloo;1975-06-15 03:00:00;5 minutes;i live on the ocean in a high-rise condominium.at approximately 3am i awoke and walked over to the living room where my terrace overlooks the ocean.i live on the 9th floor,and what i saw mabe 300feet from where i was standing was this saucer like craft with lights on the bottom of this craft.it wasn't very large,however it just seemed to be suspended for mabe 30 seconds or so .there was no sound that it made.again i live on the 9th floor .this object was right in front of me,not up in the sky.it just stood suspended and then without a sound it disappeared at great speed over the horizon. the next day the tv stationsin miami reported sightings of a ufo.i did see it pretty close up,and there is no question in my mind what i saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in the 1970's is approximate.  PD));25.9823;-80.1405
Strange object , flying slowly, on a perfectly straight line, parallel with the buiding I live in.;2003-08-23 18:15:00;3 minutes;Strange object , flying slowly, on a perfectly straight line, parallel with the buiding I live in. I live in an apartment with a golf course view from the balcony, and one evening while I was taking a breath of fresh air, I saw a very strange object just above the golf course, flying slowly, parallel with the buiding I live in. I realized it was a UFO when I noticed its shape, size and the way it moved itself. The shape was like a silver, gigantic coin floating horizontally, bigger than a bird, and it was flying about 100 ft above the ground. The thing that really cought my attention was, its movement. It was as if a string was pierced through the middle of it and the coin was balancing itself while forwarding on a perfectly straight line, above the golf course. I thought I was going nuts, but the wierdest thing was, a year later, I saw the same object doing the same thing, as if being its routine or something. The only thing that kept me from thinking that I'm seeing things again, was my mother being an eyewitness too. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));25.9823;-80.1405
