You won't believe what happened to ME!!!!;1996-10-15 03:00:00;2 minutes;You won't believe what happened to ME!!!! This event occurred in the rural area called Cazadero near the coast of Sonoma County, California. I have not described the details of this event since it happened. Your web site seemed legitimate enough. I have no concern regarding whether anyone reading this believes it or not. In fact, I don't care if anyone even reads this....I just felt like I needed to put the experience outside myself. I was hiking with my best friend ((name deleted)) in the woods of Cazadero, CA all day.....making our own trails and fasting for the weekend. We slept in a cabin that one of his friends had built. It was Autumn. This is what I remember after six years or so: I awoke up with a jolt in the middle of the night....very early in the morning.....probably about two or three AM.....and I was sitting upright in my bed totally paralized....I could move my head back and forth and up and down, but nothing else worked. I could not make a sound even though I tried to yell to my friend ((name deleted)) who was sleeping on the floor about seven feet away. He did not move or wake up during this event. I was seemingly in shock and could see with my eyes. I saw a being standing in front of me holding what looked like an electric thermometer with his right hand very close to the left side of my head. I believe it was this device that rendered in such a state. The being was slim and had the most beautiful skin....you have never seen such a pattern of grayish/green/tan. There was no hair on its head or body. It did not have the huge eyes that are depicted in the movies. It was not malevolent and tolerated my questions only briefly....these beings are very assertive if you communicate with them. You cannot speak with them....I cannot explain how I communicated with it. I know it had no intention of harm......it was curious about me....and there was only one of them as far as I could see. When I began to panic.....it released its hold on me and then I regained my consciousness as we normally experience it. It scared the crap out of me...but now I wish it woul! d happen again! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous.  PD));38.5923;-123.1946
