Dozens of skittering, zipping, moving  lights in an area of the sky...surrounding a much larger,, stationary, pulsating light.;1993-06-30 21:00:00;10minutes;Dozens of skittering, zipping, moving  lights in an area of the sky...surrounding a much larger,, stationary, pulsating light. About 8pm-10pm back in the early nineties when i was young...maybe ten to twelve years old i noticed several points of light high up in the sky.  i was car sick lying in the back of my brothers vehicle on a trip home from our mothers looking up and out the side window. They appeared to be no bigger than the millions of stars that already light up our sky each clear night. The odd thing was they were moving around....like a group of fireflys way up in the sky...dozens of them. Now they werent moving across the entire sky...they basically stayed in the same area of the sky.   I watched the rest of the trip home and finally got my brothers attention when we got out at home to look up and see for himself.  Not only were there several little balls of light flying around...they seemed to be centered around another light...only this one was much bigger...and it seemed to be pulsating every cpl seconds.  Now the larger, pulsating light didnt move..it appeared to be stationary in the sky...but the smaller ones were litteraly zipping around like a cloud of gnats.  We continued to watch and came to the meger conclusion that it had to be some sort of UFO/S.  And just like that...there was nothing...if you'd blinked you'd missed it...the lights were gone.  I know how this must sound but after talking about it for awhile with my brother we kinda thought it looked like there was some sort of 'mothership'...the pulsating larger light....and that the smaller ones were just that...smaller ships doing some kind of manuevers..lol, i know how that must sound..and i did watch star trek every night growing up...but i thought it might help u to understand exactly what i was looking at. Sorry no photos...no nothing really...but to this day the memory is as if it happened yesterday.  I respect the fact there are people like you to tell these stories to...and i hope that with every 1000s bullshitters out there...there may be one crediblem, actual, eye witness of a UFO. what i am wondering is if you've ever heard any accounts like the one i just told you about before?  I know there isnt much in my story but thats all there was to see...i wish there was more..maybe a saucer..or some kind of E.T....but, alas...there was none.  Have you ever heard of anything quite like this before? Thank you so very much for your time...im sure you spent a few minutes trying to read through my absolute terrible grammer and sentence writing skills...Have a good one!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.9762;-81.925
There was a large number  of lights in the sky flying in geometric patterns.;1993-09-15 20:30:00;35 minutes;There was a large number  of lights in the sky flying in geometric patterns. A night in the Fall of '93 my little brother and I were driving on a county road near our home.  I am interested in the stars and as such I glanced up at the sky.  I saw what I believed to be a passenger plane flying west.  A few seconds later I witnessed an additional object flying directly toward the first.  I knew that the distance between the two would be great by differences in altitude.  Still, I watched off and on until they met.  Then amazingly enough, the second light stopped and reversed direction to follow the first.  Immediately, I stopped the car. I rolled down the widow to hear what I figured to be a low flying helicopter.  I heard no sound.  Then, the second light accelerated and began flying circles around the first.  As I watched in awe, the first light continued on its trajectory while the second stopped again.  When I took a wider view of the sky, I discovered not just one object but between thirty and fifty similar sized lights of varying colors.  They all appeared to be flying in what one could determine to be geometrical shapes.  I told my brother to get out and look.  We both stood in amazement for about five minutes watching the aerial display.  Then being only two miles from home and my small telescope, we drove on.  When we got home, we looked up to see if they were still there and discovered another light.  This light was much larger, white, and stationary.  The smaller lights would fly to the larger one, stop, and then resume the geometric ballet.  I went inside to get my telescope and my father.  My father, argueably the most skeptical man in the world, was speechless as he witnessed the show. I tried to get a better look with my telescope, but they only appeared as bright lights. After about a half an hour, they just diappeared.  I realize that this may seem odd to report five years after the event, but I had no idea who to contact until now.  I will not wager a guess as to what we saw but it is deffinately worth reporting. At the time of the event I was seventeen, my br! other tw elve, and my father forty one. I graduated valedictorian of my high school class, played several sports, attended church, and was active in community activities. I'm not sure what is meant by background information but I hope I have given sufficient informatio. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.9762;-81.925
