My husband and I were sitting out on our back porch, facing west, watching what seemed to be lightening. It was like strobeing lights c;1998-09-15 22:00:00;over an hour;My husband and I were sitting out on our back porch, facing west, watching what seemed to be lightening. It was like strobeing lights coming out of the sky, but the lights stayed in the same spot for over an hour and stopped ever 112 seconds and started back up again. It was a cloudy night and my husband and I decided to sit out on our back porch to watch, what we thought, was lightening. After watching it for a while, we noticed that the strobeing lights never moved from the same small section of clouds and that there was no thunder or noise. Strobeing rays flashed downward out of the clouds erraticly, from the same spot for over an hour, stopping every minute and 12 seconds, just to start back up again. Every single time that we timed it, it was exactly the same spacing, between the pauses. Then all of a sudden, at around 23:??pm, they stopped. To tell you the truth, I have no idea what we were watching, except that it was very strange and that we have never seen it again, since that night. Note:  We live out in the country and there are no towns for miles in that specific, western direction. There is nothing out that way, other than other homes out in the country.;44.0325;-84.5005000000001
Circles of lights the size of cars over tree tops;2010-05-07 01:57:00;10 MINUTES;Circles of lights the size of cars over tree tops I was traveling east on M61 in Gladwin county and i saw a flashing light over the trees over Hockaday road. I turned right onto Hockaday road going south. There were flashings of circles of lights that appeared to be rotating around to the left. Each light was the size of a car. There was a mist around the lights but the rest of the sky was clear and starry. There was a car behind me that turned off to the left, i stopped and watched this for a few minutes the lights appeared to be going along above the tree tops moving south with me , eventually i got to Shock road which Hockaday turns into and the lights were gone. I turned left on Dale road and looked back North but the sky was clear and i couldnt see anymore lights. The sky was clear and starry out.;44.0325;-84.5005000000001
My stepdad was outside when he saw a line of bright lights that seemed to be moving from N to S. ((Starlink satellites?));2019-12-22 19:00:00;15 minutes;My stepdad was outside when he saw a line of bright lights that seemed to be moving from North to South. The lights were very small, but he knew something was off about tthem. Once he had me outside I looked up to the sky and I too saw the line of lights. Before he told me he thought they were moving I brought it up. He told me to go get the binoculars to get a slightly better look. When I came back out and looked up I started to shake immensely. I saw that they were moving very fast. As I watched the front object move forward past other lights in the sky it suddenly disappeared. My stepdad had watched it disappear too because he asked me if it just vanished from the sky. Then I took off the binoculars and noticed you could see about 6 at a time in a straight line with even gaps between them moving at about the same speed. Once one disappeared another appeared on the horizon. Eventually there was only one left and we watched it as it flew then suddenly disap! peared from view. We stood outside for a couple more minutes discussing what we had just witnessed. P.s. How they just vanished from sight kind of reminded me of in Star Wars when they go into hyper speed. That by far was the scariest thing I have ever witnessed and probably will witness in my entire life.;44.0325;-84.5005000000001
