Large egg-like craft with bight lights observed for 2 hours at a time by 2-4 people for 7 days in a row!;2014-02-13 05:00:00;3 hours;Large egg-like craft with bight lights observed for 2 hours at a time by 2-4 people for 7 days in a row! At approximately 5:00 AM I noticed a very large, very bright light outside my bedroom window. I looked at it with my naked eye for about 10 minutes and observed that the light was staying in one place without moving.  I went and got my boyfriend who was in the shower getting ready for work.  He suggested that we get my binoculars out and look at the light with them.   What we saw was so clear through the binoculars that we both had to sit down for a minute out of pure shock.  It was a saucer shaped craft, more like an egg laying on its side.  There were windows all across the center of the craft, where the light was shining through.  The light was super bright, and white or yellowish in color.  The craft appeared to be brown or grayish in color.  We both took turns watching it for over 2 hours, during which the sun came up over the horizon.  The craft did not move from the one spot except very slightly coming closer to us and then going back to its original position.  I tried to film it on my cell phone, but my camera on my phone was not able to zoom in enough to get a clear image.   We both watched the craft change shapes before our eyes into some sort of leaf-like shape, and then it ever so slowly, moved directly up into the sky until it was a small bright light too high up to identify anymore.  The most amazing part of this is that we have now seen it every morning for 7 days in a row.  With only very slight differences in exact position in the sky, and we have now captured video on two different video cameras.   We both know that this was not a star or planet because we clearly watched the stars move right past the craft which remained stationary.  We also observed several planes come within range of the craft and fly right past it, the difference in size of the planes versus the craft we were watching was immense.  The craft appeared to be 50 times the size of the planes.  There have now also been 2 more witnesses, my roommate and her boyfriend who brought over the best video camera yet to film what we! had all been witnessing every night for a week. I expect that it will be there again tonight, and I plan on watching it again.   I myself am currently a law student, my boyfriend is a construction worker, my roommate is retired and her boyfriend is a large engine mechanic.  We range in age from 30-58 years of age.;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
Flying objects about every night, vortexs in my home, beings coming out of them.;2014-04-13 23:00:00;1 hour;flying objects about everynight, vortexs in my home, beings coming out of them The flying spaceships are in my neighborhood just about every night, I attached some videos so you can see for yourself and also what I have experienced in a personal level.  My son began to tell me about flying objects that were either a triangle hovering around the home that made no sound since November while walking the dog.  I kept telling my son that he must it be confusing them for helicopters but he kept insisting they did not look like helicopters at all till April when I decided to walk the dog at night with my son that I discovered he was actually telling  the truth and these flying objects did not look like helicopters or air planes.   For one they make no sound, they are able to hover on top of the homes at a very very close range, they seemed to come out of a bigger a mean a much bigger space ships, the shapes of their lights change and they take off with such speed that it is almost impossible to see them take off till you go back and review the ! video and realized they took off so fast you were not able to see it.  I also will like to share an experience, I sort of put it together in a video that I am also attaching. I am able to see vortex, I am able to see the energy they generate, when they open up, the beings that come out of the vortex which then turn into these sort of rotating flowers. I can also see the interconnection in the sky, they are like big flowers that interconnect and sort of like watching people and/or helping healing or I just do not know why there is these interconnections.   I have several videos of how the vortex open up, then it is like these flying beings that then turn into rotating flowers and begin to assist people in healing, all while the person is feeling the pulling things out of their bodies, or their bodies begin to shake, feel hot rod entering their bodies all while I am able to see with my own eyes what is it that they are pulling. I see DNA and atoms around me and others, the DNA strands are usually at the end of the snakes that I see, they carry them at the end of their tail, some of the snakes are huge, I mean gigantic.  I can see the infinite space and the tunnels where these beings jump into sort of machines and enter the tunnels and then the tunnel closes.  I am able to see when someone is ill, when they have attachments, when they are full of light, I can see the energy field when emerges and the material no longer is solid as we know it.  I had a vision after one day experiencing so much pressure on my head that I was sore for about 2 weeks the first time I attempted to meditate, I was told “You are awaken” In the vision, I want to believe it was God as I am a Cristian believer, came down from a tunnel or vortex and handed me a white electric ball, the ball hanged on my hands, it retracted and expanded and stayed on my hands without me touching it.  I was told that I would be able to fight dark matter with it.  After that, I realized my hands contained such energy that I can invade other’s energy field and pull what is been affecting them, it could be illness, faces of beings attached to them.  At times the vortex opens up and the beings come out and begin to pull the things out of the person while I am watching everything they are doing, the person can not see it but they always feel it in their bodies for I would think it was all a part of an illusion on my part.  It is dark matter, when someone is ill, it is dark matter and the flying beings that turn into beautiful pink rotating flowers that surround the person begin to pull the matter.  I am able to also pull the dark matter with my own hands without ever touching the person or by just praying/meditating next to the person that is ill.  I am able to see attachments on people some of them have a silvery color, others are black with really ugly faces However, I am also able to see people who are full of light and are surrounded by beautiful flowers, the colors are either pure white light, crystalline pink and sometimes light blue.  I am able to see the shape and faces of such attachments, the color of people auras and their flowers.  I am able to see when the vortex opens and the beings descend, then turn into these beautiful rotating flowers that then surround the person and begin to assist the person in pulling the dark matter.  I see sort of machines taking off and despairing into the abyss, while I have my eyes close, I can see everything that is happening, when these things are stubborn and refusing to leave and detach, which it is far more easy to bring them but really hard to get rid of them. I can direct the things that have infested the person to leave but is not that they are leaving this earth, I can see the infinite space full of stars, galaxies, then they enter these tunnels and the tunnel then closes. Sometimes these beings, as crazy as it might sound, I can see them jumping into these sort of things that look more like a machine space craft, or I am guessing they get tired and come and carry their stuff with them and take off.  The last experience I had was three weeks ago while I was taking a nap, I was woken up to hands on my back, I immediately felt I was sort of open on my back, then something from the middle was pull and as soon it was pull, it went into a tunnel.  Even thought I was sleeping on my stomach I was able to see the what they pull out of my body.  Then I felt hands pushing my back together, that is when I truly freaked out and jolted back.  There is an open vortex in my room, it is there all the time.  The beings come out specially if someone is in my room.  A friend visited me and began to read a bible passage and as soon as he began to read the scriptures, the beings came out, turned into these beautiful flowers and stood right next to him sort of hearing or seeing what he was doing.  I asked him if he could see them, he said no but he could sense them.;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
UFOs use eclipse and clouds to their advantage.;2015-04-04 05:00:00;2 hours;Ufos use eclipse and clouds to their advantage. I don't know how to compose this in an organized way as the sighting of these objects had me over the edge.  The night of the eclipse wasn't the first time I had witnessed these ufos, but it's one of the most memorable. The sky was extra dark so my boyfriend and I had a better view of the sky, as it was mostly clear and the stars were extra bright.  We were looking at the eclipse first and began to notice strange lights flashing all around the moon.  These lights were like plasma green, blue, magenta, and red, and purple.  They zoomed across the sky in a spontaneous way. The moon seemed to have some strange filter over it as if these objects were trying to do something with the moon.  Around the moon it looked like there was sparkling objects moving around.  Like glitter or something. It's so hard to describe because it's nothing I've ever seen before.  There were clouds and these objects would hide in them.  Whenever they would exit the cloud the cloud would get a visible hole where they were penetrated and would move in that one spot where the ufo had passed through.  It wasn't the way normal clouds move.  It looked like there was also stars but they weren't stars. They had lights to them and would shoot out similar objects from them.  The lights were blue, purple, green and red.  It also looked like there was something very very black. Like a black hole or portal.  There was at one point a green portal and in that area the sky became distorted as if sucking in whatever was in that area.  There were also purple portals and blue portals. It was so amazing and I wasn't sure if ot as my eyes messing with me but my boyfriend saw the same. These objects were aware that I had acknowledged they were there. I had a sense of being looked at from a distance and I knew it was them.  They began to shoot out balls of plasma colored purple or magenta. They shot it right a my direction. There were objects in different shapes like pyramids that were spinning and they were cloaked.  Like transparent but I could see the shape.  They would distort the sky in the area they were passing through causing ripples in the sky as of the sky were water. There was also disk shaped ones.  More than 10 just zooming across the sky. At one point I was staring at one specific cloud where a portal had opened up. There was a black object that was incredibly huge.  It had a shape of a statue. Like the Statue of Liberty with spikes and very tall.  It looked like that but at the same time seemed to be morphing into something else.  Then the cloud covered it and I saw the portal get smaller and smaller. A lot of these objects were cloaked. There is a lot more to this and the weeks following it had a lot of the same events mostly consisting of the cloaked disk shaped with the clouds. These clouds had lights in them and didn't look like normal clouds.  They would change shapes quickly and looked like they were writing out something in the sky in a strange way. It also had weird figures and faces.  Like if they were trying to get me to understand something.   At that point I panicked and went inside. I know this sounds unbelievable but it is true.  If I recall anymore I will report back.  I would also like to add that on the weeks following this there were a lot of airplanes or helicopters in the sky as if they were searching for something. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
