Huge object. At least 2 football fields long. Altitude approx. 500 ft. Observed moving slowly westerly direct. No lights. No sound. Und;1972-03-01 23:30:00;2 - 3 min.;Huge object. At least 2 football fields long. Altitude approx. 500 ft. Observed moving slowly westerly direct. No lights. No sound. Underlit by city lights. My sighting took place in the early seventies, in Salinas, California.  I think I was about 15 or so.  It late and I didn't feel like going to bed, so I decided to do some stargazing.  I grabbed a soda, and tossed a folding chaise lounge chair up onto the garage roof to lay back on.  After being up there for a short time, I noticed movement in the eastern sky.  It was not a moving point of light that I saw, but rather an area of stars being blocked out by a huge object moving slowly across the night sky.  At first I thought it was a blimp, but quickly dismissed this when I realized that it was much too large.  The best way to describe the object is to say that it looked much like a naval battleship turned upside down, only a little more rounded at the ends.  It displayed no lights of it's own, but I was able to observe the underside as it had become dimly lit by the city lights.  The thing that was really weird about this craft, was the fact that it moved in total silence.  At one point, it was no more than 500 feet almost directly above me. I heard nothing from it.  The object continued moving slowly in a westerly direction towards the ocean, and disappeared from sight.     I am 42 years old, married 18 years, and the father of six.  Up until now, the only people I've told of this were my parents, my wife and kids, and my best friend.  I'm not saying that I've ever been abducted, but when I think back, there were some pretty weird things that happened to me during my childhood.  I can remember being scared in the middle of the night, and getting out of bed.  I remember looking down the darkened hallway, and seeing a small figure backlit at the end of the hall.  I remember the figure appearing startled.  I didn't recall anything after that, and dismissed it as a dream. When I awoke in the morning.  Another time, I awoke in the middle of the night to see a small hooded figure kneeling by my bed.  When I moved, the figure stood up.  It was wearing a long, hooded robe, much like what a monk would wear.  In ! the darkness, I could not see a face.  This really freaked me out, and I snatched the covers up over my head.  The next morning, I asked my parents if either of them had checked on me during the night.  They said they had not.  My mom said that maybe it was an angel, so that's what I told myself to keep sane as I grew up.  The last weird thing I'd like to mention about my childhood, is a small metallic object I noticed under the skin of my outer thigh.  I say it was metallic, as it was just under the skin to the point where I could tell it was grey metal color.  I don't remember how it got there.  I remember telling my friends that it was there from getting shot with a pellet gun, and that he pellet was still there, although in fact, I was never shot.  the small thing is gone now, and there is no scar.  I've never really put all this weird stuff together until the last 10 or 15 years.  I kind of look at it as all being pretty circumstantial.  I have, and do experience sleep paralysis from time to time.  I know what that is.  REALLY scary, but I don't remember being beamed up to a mothership or any of that stuff.  I've lived a pretty normal, relatively uneventful life.  I've got some baggage, like most people do, but nothing related to my sighting and the few unexplained occurrences of my childhood.  I don't think I'm an abductee or anything.  If I am, I don't think I want to know the details !;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
sightings of moving crafts over salinas california in the early a.m hours of april 8th 2010;2010-04-08 15:15:00;51 minutes;sightings of moving crafts over salinas california in the early a.m hours of april 8th 2010 on the morning of 04-08-2010 at 3:15 a.m i was standing outside in a well lighted parking area.I had observed a shooting star earlier in the night and was now casually watching the few bright stars that were visiible even with the street lamps washing out of the darkness. I was looking southeast when i observed two orange lights streak across the sky directly over my position,from the southeast heading northwest starting at about ten o'clock high to about 3 o'clock where buildings blocked further veiw of it's path. The object appeared to have a orange light at it's front that shone out a short distance as it progressed and another orange light at it's back or tail.The object appeared to be long in shape and thin.The object seemed to be about a 1/4 mile in the air above me and seemed to be about 200-400 ft long.The objects body ,or area in between the leading and tail light was blacked out against the night sky,but i could percieve somthing solid connecting the two lights ,due to the way they moved togehter as one and stayed the same distance when shooting by above me. I was very startled and reported it to a supervisor who happend by minutes later.The supervisor had been indoors and had not seen anything although he related that a  sighting had been reported the week before in monterey bay area and was upportive ,if not a little suspicious of why i chose to get so excited/agitated. The supervisor left me at my assignment outdoors and i continued to watch the sky,except now i was very excited and afraid. At about 3:50 a.m ,or 20-25 minutes after seeing the first object,i observed a second object 2 miles away, due south and about a 1/2 mile high in the sky or 20-30 degrees above the horizon.The second object appeared as white very bright light that was not blinking or pulsing.The object appeared in a dark section of sky that i was already looking at and appeared to just turn on in place and right away moved morth west in the same same direction as the earlier sighting.The white steady bright light was a few miles away from me and moved much faster than an airplane or satalite but slower and more steady than a shooting star.The second object also moved out of my veiw as i watched it untill buildings blocked my veiw.I was very startled to see a second unbelievable object and neglected to check my cell phone this time to record the time mentaly. At 4:06 a.m in the same section of sky but a bit farther south and farther away from my vantage point than the second sighting,i obsrved a third object. The third object was a exact match to the second object,a bright steady white light that appeared in the middle of a dark section of the sky.The thirs sighting was the same as the second sighting in it's path and behavior. I am very good at seeing satalites and airplanes and shooting stars and have spnet years ppointing out these things to friends,as well as having spent the past four months on my present graveyard shift ,where i get to be outside and observe shooting stars,satalites,and airplanes all night long. I never expected really see somthing so unusual in real life.The first object reminded me of the ciger shaped objects from airline pilot sightings re-enactments on t.v. The above statement is true and not any type of conventional aircraft or missle test,as i have witnessed many military tests and most aircraft flying today. The objects made no noise,had no trails left bvehind ,and were below the level of all but cropdusting aircraft. I am telling my event in the hope that others who may have seen somthing like this in my area will come forward and i can maybe learn more and not feel so alone on my experience. Thank you for taking the time to read this event as it happened to me.;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
Was driving west of Salinas and saw a dark-colored, cigar shaped craft in the sky staying still. It then hid in the clouds.;2019-04-11 19:00:00;3 minutes;Was driving west of Salinas and saw a dark-colored, cigar shaped craft in the sky staying still.  It then hid in the clouds. Was driving on road towards west of Salinas when we noticed a dark-colored, cigar shaped craft staying still in the sky yet moving slightly.  We kept an eye on it and it began to move and as it went higher and hid in the clouds.  About 10 minutes later we looked again and noticed that something got shot in the sky from what looked like the Moss Landing/Santa Cruz  area.  It was a very eerie feeling.;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
