Large formation of UFO's seen over south Salinas, CA on Oct. 11, 2004, in broad daylight.;2004-10-11 11:00:00;45 minutes;Large formation of UFO's seen over south Salinas, CA on Oct. 11, 2004, in broad daylight. My coworker and I witnessed a group of four bright round objects travelling in a fixed random formation from southeast to northwest.  The objects appeared to be round/possibly spherical with one edge that appeared dark or fuzzy at times, and red at others.  The objects also appeared to change shape from time to time.  We watched the objects for 5-10 minutes when they stopped, still in formation.  Immediately we noticed another small bright object heading from north to south in the general direction of the group.  This object moved much more rapidly than the first four when another object appeared behind this object moving faster still.  Just as the two were about to converge they both made abrupt, instantaneous turns in different directions, then looped, curved, and zig-zagged until both slowed and stopped momentarily.  At this time the initial group of four began to move again.  One object headed off rapidly and disappeared towards the northwest.  The other three objects moved together in a constantly changing formation toward the south.  At this time a bright blue object appeared directly overhead, and as we wathched this one, another reddish-white object appeared approximately 1-2 degrees east of it.  We then watched as 3 of the initial 4 objects disappeared to the south.  The red and blue objects headed off in different directions but we did not notice where as at this time several objects appeared in rapid succession heading east to west very rapidly.  One of these objects appeared to have a long, maybe .5 degree line of very small and very bright objects trailing, leading, and then circling the central object.  We witnessed one more object come in on the original path of the first group of 4 objects, travel a very erratic path and eventually disappear towards the northeast.  The weather was clear and sunny with a very light breeze.  The entire event spanned approximately 45 minutes.;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
