30 - 40 min interaction with triangle craft;2009-12-20 19:00:00;30-40 min.;30 - 40 min interaction with triangle craft At about 7:00pm – 7:10pm, my wife and I were sitting in the living room I got up to make a call but all of the phones in the house were not working.  We went outside for a cigarette.  It was dark outside and overcast.  I live in a small suburb community a couple of miles from town, there are not a lot of street lights around here, so the street is not well lit.  One strange thing that we noticed was that all of the dogs in the neighborhood were barking.  We first saw the object to the right of us.  At first the object was an intense neon blue light, bar shaped at first.  The object would hover and cruse just below the overcast clouds line circling us, flying slowly and changing altitudes.  Its movements were smooth quiet and squared.  The light would change its shape, having a few different light patterns on the craft.  When the craft seemingly noticed us it put on a display of unnatural and impossible maneuvers Moving from a dead stop to unimaginable speeds in an i! nstant, making 90 degree turns at high speed, then coming to a complete stop, all the while moving without a sound. I told my wife to get the camera so we could take a picture.  She ran into the house to grab the camera but every time we tried to take a picture the craft would pulse and the battery power would be drained. Then we would mess with the camera and it would come back on with battery power but when we tried to take the picture again, the same thing would happen. Finally when the craft was at its furthest points away from us we could get a shot of it, three in total. When we captured it, the craft would react. With the first snapshot, the flash failed to flash, and the craft returned and put on a display of its maneuvers, then continued to circle us. The second snapshot again with no flash. The craft came right in front of us, banked its angle and exposed its shape to us. All I could tell was that it was pure black with blue lights. The bar light turned into severa! l individual lights fading off and on. I could see that it was! triangl e in shape. I couldn’t easily see the shape because the craft was dark and I was too focused on the lights. Then the ship would again start to circle us. Still when the craft was close to us it would turn our camera off. So my wife handed me the camera to see if I could get it to work when my wife screamed, “O my god look at that!” I looked up at the craft it had a beam of light going to the ground with a red orb returning to the ship. I didn’t get to see the whole event with the orb because I was looking at the camera but my wife witnessed the whole thing. The orb returned to the craft and it began circling again. I gave the camera back to her she got the third picture the best one. The third time the camera flashed. The craft turned to face us and closed the gap of distance from where it had been, to where we were. It sat just above the neighbor’s house. We were looking at what I believed to be the front of the craft. The craft fired a pulse of light towards us and I cou! ld feel a surge travel through my whole body, and my car was popping as if the sheet metal was warping. Then the craft began to circle again. We noticed that the phones were now working again and I was able to talk to my parents and franticly tried to explain to them what was happening. I thought we can’t be the only ones to see this so I ran across the street to get the neighbors outside to see this as well. I knew they were home and I could hear them in there. I was franticly knocking on the door and ringing the door bell, but no one would answer. Soon enough a car was pulling down the street it was my wife’s mom. We yanked her out of the car to see it. Then three minutes after she arrived home, the craft was gone. It disappeared in the overcast clouds. After all of this excitement I noticed that where the craft was flying it had opened a hole in the thick overcast clouds that took a few minutes to fill back in, revealing the night sky above. In total the event lasted abo! ut 30 – 40 minutes. This has been a very emotional event for m! e and my wife. We both had bad migraine headache for the next two days and my life has been permanently changed.;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
3 triangular lights appear while driving North bound from Chular, CA.;2019-04-10 05:40:00;15;3 triangular lights appear while driving North bound from Chular, CA. Driving North bound from Chular.  3 triangular lights appear from my left side crossing freeway 101 to my right side.   At first I thought it was an irrigation plane, but the lights made a triangle, the lights were facing down and not straight.  I lowered my window to hear the engine, no engine noise.   The Triangular object faded away once on my right side, leaving two streaks of smoke/gas not sure.;36.6933578947368;-121.645346153846
