A triangular craft w/3 lg orange lights silently flew overhead going west to east.  It then sped up and away.;1972-07-15 17:00:00;5 minutes;A triangular craft w/3 lg orange lights silently flew overhead going west to east.  It then sped up and away. My brother and I were changing a shifter in his car when our dog started going nuts.  The dog ran up and down the driveway barking wildly, as he did only when someone was coming up the driveway.  I ran out (we had the car parked over the old cellar steps) to see who was coming up the driveway, and saw that the dog was looking up.  I looked up to see what he (the dog) was barking at and saw this grey triangular outline with orange lights against the clouds.  The triangle was moving slowly going west to east.  It had glowing orange lights in each angle of the triangle.  I measured the size by holding my arm out and judging the lights to be about the size of a large pea at an arms length (that would be one of the three lights).  The object was perfectly silent.  On the farm at 5:00 in the middle of summer it is pretty quiet.  There was no wind at all.  It was very still and perfectly quiet.  Absolutely no sound came from the object.  It moved at what seemed to be a very slow steady speed as it went directly overhead, with the dog going nuts the whole time.  I called to my brother to get out there to see it but he was putting something together on the shifter and didn't come right away.  As the object passed over our farm and went over the feild. it began to speed up and raise in altitude.  This change was very obvious, even to me.  It really sped up and it cruised up right off into the clouds.  At about this time, my brother came out and asked what I wanted.  I said man you missed it.  The dog ran out into the feild and went probably about 1/2 mile before he gave up and came back.  Just directly West of our driveway was our neighbors runway.  He was a crop duster and when he landed, he flew at pretty low altitude right over our house. Our dog was very used to that and could care less when it happened.  This was very different.  This is absolutely true.  I have never reported this to anyone other than close freinds.;44.5689;-95.0233
