Huge, bright light in morning sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));2007-09-14 05:35:00;15 Minutes +;Huge, bright light in morning sky I was laying in bed, about to get up and looked out the window.  I saw 2 bright lights go flying by extremely fast.  The lights were above the tree line.  I jumped out of bed and quickly went to the front of the house and looked out the front window.  It was then that I saw a huge, bright light hovering in the eastern sky, seemed to be about 400 feet in the air.    I then went outside to get a better look, it was extremely cold on that morning, and I was only wearing boxer shorts.  I watched for a few minutes, then scanned the rest of the sky for the original two lights that I saw while still in bed, but could not see them anymore.  I did see two airplanes coming from the western sky with their blinking lights.  The huge hovering light that was right out front of my house just sat there still.  I then went inside and told my room mate to get up and go look and then went to get my camera. I was able to snap about 5 photos of the object.  The photos are semi-unclear, you can see the object but it looks like the object was moving in the photos - you can see a trai?!?!  In any event, I saw it, my roommate saw it and it was there for at least 15 minutes.  I actually stopped looking at it and went back inside to get ready for work and forgot about it.  I  ended up getting quite ill from being out there in the cold wearing only boxer shorts.  A week and a half later and I'm still sick.  The object was never there before and I have not seen it again since.  It was definately not a planet, a star, a plane, or swamp gas! I have seen numerous UFO's over North Carver, MA as a child but this was my first in Rhode Island. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));41.6361;-71.1808
Seven glowing lights appear in the sky and each disappear and reappear multiple times within about an hour in Tiverton, RI.;2015-06-04 22:30:00;1 hour;Seven glowing lights appear in the sky and each disappear and reappear multiple times within about an hour in Tiverton, RI. Seven witnesses observed glowing lights after returning from a boating trip on the Fourth of July of 2015.   At around 10:30 PM, three witnesses at the rear of the boat observe what appeared to be a yellow/orange glowing light while looking at the night sky.  We assumed it to be a planet or bright star.  However, several minutes later, it disappeared.   Roughly forty-five minutes later, several more lights began to appear without having ascended from the ground and just simply appeared high in the sky.  There were seven witnesses to this event, in which there were seven lights.  The lights seemed to maneuver independently, but occasionally appeared to be in two triangular formations.  Each object moved silently and ascended and descended slightly multiple times and sometimes moved in horizontal motions.   About ten to twenty minutes later, each object began to disappear one by one.  Some appeared to change shape slightly by becoming more of an oval before dimming and di! sappearing.  For the next twenty minutes or so, a couple of the objects reappeared but ascended and disappeared shortly after.  We stood on the boat at the dock in confusion and debated as to what the lights could be.  All of the Fourth of July fireworks displays in the area had finished over an hour and a half prior to the initial sighting.   Since the events, we have all been wondering what the moving lights were, why they were there for so long, and why they kept returning.;41.6361;-71.1808
Different color flashing object seen from RT 24;2015-11-21 16:20:00;5 minutes;Different color flashing object seen from RT 24 My daughter and I were driving home from Fall River on RT. 24 when we saw a round shaped craft of some sort in the sky.  The lights were very bright, flashing blue, green, red and white.  It hovered for a few seconds and started to slowly move behind some trees.  We arrived home and we could still vaguely see it.  There was no sound.  We watched as we vacated our vehicle.  The lights became dim and it then disappeared.;41.6361;-71.1808
