Encounter On Caladesi Island/ Clearwater Beach, Florida -Two Crafts With Glowing Amber Lights;1997-11-17 03:00:00;1 hour;Encounter On Caladesi Island/ Clearwater Beach, Florida -Two Crafts With Glowing Amber Lights Hello, I am 27 years old and I live in the Gulf Coast area of NW Florida. I am a Native Floridian. November 17th 1997, I was watching the Leonids meteor shower on Caldesi Island near Clearwater Beach. When I saw 2 glowing, amber-colored lights to the west out over the Gulf. I pointed them out to my friends but they all just dismissed them as being planes. Until one craft started to get closer. One stayed behind, and the other started approaching the shore, where I was standing. It seemed to just glide right to me. I was so excited that I said to my friends, this is definitely a UFO. After I had said this they all took notice and became very scared. It did not take long for the four of them to take off running towards the pier. The craft was about 500 ft offshore when it sent down some kind of light beam that lit up a boat that was anchored right in front of me.But the light only lit in a cylinder and no light anywhere but the tube of light! I was not the least bit worried for some reason. Once the light beam went off, the entire craft was no longer lit the orange-reddish glow that it was before. It looked as if it was reflecting it's surroundings. I could see the water and the sky's reflection on the craft. It hovered above me and I remember feeling as if I was reporting to headquarters, so to speak. My head was tilted back all the way I was looking up at this object telling whoever everything about myself. I have no idea why I was doing this. I was mesmerized. Then I felt like I was given a telepathic message or picture of them. It was 2 beings that were facing each other. They were very tall and dark. My memory of this picture is not very clear. I know I thought they seemed to be some kind of reptilian creature. I really can't say for sure if they were dark green or black, if they had scales or what. But I do know they had just introduced themselves to me. This introduction must have taken some time. My friends had already reached the pier which was very far from where I was. It was about a half an hour to walk that distance. After the encounter ended the craft just headed over the neighborhood, with no sound at all, it was lurking over certain houses, and I decided I needed to follow it. I ran back to where my friends were. Clearwater Police Officers were at the pier, they had also seen this object. They were all discussing what it could be when I showed up. I convinced a friend to come with me, and we followed this thing from Clearwater all the way to Tampa. It was so bizarre. When we were leaving the beach, watching this thing in the sky, was very eerie. It was as if time had stopped for me, like everything changed. My whole world had changed forever. There was not a cloud in the sky and we both followed it to the Courtney Campbell Causeway. Once we were side by side, it started to created a cloud or fog around it, so it became impossible to see it. After about 10 minutes the entire sky was just fog. So we ended the chase. Even though I still wanted to try to find it. I have had several more encounters with EBE crafts. Two years ago I went to Sedona, Arizona and I saw many in the sky at night. These were blue-ish lights that zipped around really fast, but went right back to where they initially were. I saw them every night for 2 weeks while I was there. Also in Gulf Breeze and Panama City I have seen interesting lights that hover around like bugs, buzzing back and forth. I go to Gulf Breeze every so often to watch them, but I would rather be with a group! Than to just be by myself... I do not want to be afraid of these things. But I really would really like to know what they are. Most people do not want to talk about this type of thing with me. They will either think you are crazy for talking about it, or they just don't believe you. So I hope to know more as to what they are and why they are here, and what they want. If I can find some sort of group or research team in this area it would be wonderful. Could you tell me what web sites if any, or meetings, when and where, that would be great!  Thanks so much for your time, ((name deleted));27.9634;-82.8264
UFO encounter at Clearwater Beach, during meteor shower;1997-12-05 03:00:00;30 min;UFO encounter at Clearwater Beach, during meteor shower I am a Native Floridian. In 1997, I was watching a meteor shower on Clearwater Beach. When I saw 2 glowing, amber-colored lights out over the ocean. I pointed them out to my friends but they all just dismissed them as being planes. UNTIL...they started to get closer. One stayed behind, and the other started approaching the shore, where I was standing. It seemed to just glide right to me. I was so excited that I said to my friends, this is definately a ufo. After I had said this they all took notice and became very scared. It did not take long for the four of them to take off running towards the pier. The craft was about 500 ft offshore when it sent down some kind of light beam that lit up a boat that was anchored right in front of me. I was not the least bit worried for some reason. Once the light beam went off, the entire craft was no longer lit the orange-reddish glow that it was before. It looked as if it was reflecting it's surroundings. I could see the water and the sky's reflection on the craft. It hovered above me and I remember feeling as if I was reporting to headquarters, so to speak. My head was tilted back all the way I was looking up at this object telling whoever everything about myself. I have no idea why I was doing this. I was mesmerized. Then I felt like I was given a telepathic message or picture of them. It was 2 beings that were facing each other. They were very tall and dark. My memory of this picture is not very clear. I know I thought they seemed to be some kind of reptilian creature. I really can't say for sure if they were dark green or black, if they had scales or what. But I do know they had just introduced themselves to me. This introduction must have taken some time. My friends had already reached the pier which was very far from where I was. It was about a half an hour to walk that distance. After the encounter ended the craft just headed over the neighborhood, with no sound at all, it was lurking over certain houses, and I decided I needed to follow it. I ran back to where my friends were. There were Clearwater Police Officers at the pier who had also seen the object. They were all discussing what it could be when I showed up. I convinced a friend to come with me, and we followed this thing from Clearwater all the way to Tampa. It was so bizarre. When we were leaving the beach, watching this thing in the sky, was very eerie. It was as if time had stopped for me, like everything changed. My whole world had changed forever. There was not a cloud in the sky and we both followed it to the Courtney Campbell Causeway. Once we were side by side, it started to created a cloud or fog around it, so it became impossible to see it. After about 10 minutes the entire sky was just fog. So we ended the chase. Even though I wanted to try to find it still. I have had several more encounters with EBE crafts. Two years ago I went to Sedona, Arizona and I saw many in the sky at night. Also in Gulf Breeze and Panama City we have seen interesting lights that hover around like bugs? Buzzing back and forth. I do not want to be afraid of these things. But I really would really like to know what they are. This type of thing, people do not want to talk about. They will either think you are crazy for talking about it, or they just don't believe you. So I hope to know more as to what they are and why they are here, and what they want. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));27.9634;-82.8264
