Three Orbs spotted out around 5-7 miles of Clearwater Beach Florida while flying in our Cessna 172.;2013-01-24 18:40:00;15 minutes;Three Orbs spotted out around 5-7 miles of Clearwater Beach Florida while flying in our Cessna 172. Tonight me and two friends decided to go for a sunset flight out of Clearwater International Airport in a Cessna 172.  We were airborne around 7pm (eastern standard time) and flew out to Clearwater Beach than turned heading south.  We flew over toward the Skyway Bridge.    By the time we reached the bridge the sun had completely set.  After doing a flyby near the bridge we turned around and headed back up toward clearwater beach (North of our location) flying along the coast.   At roughly 7:40pm I noticed (while sitting in the co-pilot seat) an orange ball of light that appeared to be on the water surface.  For what ever reason I became fixated on the object, something about it did not seem normal.   While I was watching this object it suddenly skyrocketed to easily 4,000ft in under two seconds.  at this time I started freaking out and pointed the object out to my buddy (flying the plane) and my friend sitting in the back right passenger seat.  We all saw this object!   Through the 15-20 or so minutes watching this object it changed extreme flight levels over 10 times from what appeared to be from the water surface and at one point easily over 5,000 feet.  There is no way this was any type of known government aircraft for the G's this object would have had to be pulling were in no way survivable by any human.   As we were watching this bright orange orb I noticed two smaller much lighter colored objects (both orbs as well colored more like a light star).   These smaller orbs seemed to be getting closer to the bigger orange orb and than would move away in a different direction quickly.  The big orange orb would then seem to chase them almost like a few kids playing tag with each other.   We are all freaking out so much that we tried to make sense of this occurrence, we even started flying in different directions with the aircraft to view it out of different windows to make sure it wasn't some type of optical allusion out of the one win! dow we first started observing from.   This object was easily (! from wha t it seemed) 5-7 miles off shore.  It even looked as if there was some type of boat near the objects, which in my mind any crew member would have had to have seen these orbs.   Due to the distance between us and these objects I can not say for sure the size of the objects, but for sure there was one larger orange orb (which seemed to be either a mother craft or something, just seemed as if it was in charge) with two much smaller lighter (whitish) orbs.   I know aircraft very well and have been around them my whole life, this was not a plane or a helicopter of any type.  This was not an aircraft/object flown by any human..... this thing shot from ocean level to 4,000 feet in a matter of 2 seconds or less (no exaggeration).   We all know what we saw tonight.  We tried to take video but we only had iPhones which of course could not zoom in on these objects.   We observed as much as we could and than decided that we needed to head back to the airport and land which was around 8pm or! so (give or take a few minutes).   This is hands down one of the craziest experiences of my life.   Might I add we were all perfectly sober too, this is legit and like I said, we all know what we saw.;27.9634;-82.8264
