Several bright light-orange circular lights moving in the E sky from S to N in a lined-up, organized fashion;2014-06-07 21:55:00;~10 minutes;several bright light-orange circular lights moving in the Eastern sky from South to North in a lined-up, organized fashion On the night of June 7, 2014, at approximately 9:50 pm (Eastern Time), I was driving up the hill on Culler Road (heading in the direction of South) in Weirton, West Virginia, (Hancock County) to go get something to eat at a local fast food drive-thru.  It was a night with no precipitation and some stars were visible and the moon looked small and faint as if maybe behind a few thin high clouds in the Eastern sky.   As I neared the top of Culler Road, before reaching where Montgomery Avenue meets Culler Road, I looked out my driver’s side window because some very obvious and strange lights were visible in the sky way over top of the roofs of the houses that line Culler Road on my left. The lights were very bright and light-orange in color.  They were spherical in shape and hovered in the sky lined up in a horizontal pattern and separated from each other with some spacing between them.  They did not appear to blink or flash upon looking at them with just my eyes.   I was so astonished at the sight of these lights that I sped up my car to get to the intersection of Palm Drive and Culler Road so I could pull off on the side of the road on Palm Drive to get a better look at these lights.  Culler Road had no berm to pull over onto so I had to get onto Palm Drive.  Within about a minute I was on Culler Road and I pulled my car off the road and parked into a cleared area on the right side of the road and I got out of my car. The lights were extremely bright and obvious in the sky.  I had never seen such lights in the sky before.  They did not appear to be airplanes as they continued to hover and move very slowly in the Eastern sky moving from my Right to my Left which would be moving in the Eastern sky from South to North.   What amazed me so much was that they kept a controlled distance from one another the entire time and they moved in unison and formed, the majority of the time, a straight horizontal line, but at one time I saw some of the lights form almost a right angle with some lights appearing more in a slanted vertical line and others in a horizontal line.  In another instance I remember thinking they almost look like a “Big Dipper” pattern but with maybe one or two “lights” missing from that familiar pattern. As they slowly moved from Right to Left in the sky, the lights in the far-most left would eventually grow dimmer and eventually fade away while additional lights, one at a time, would rise up from the horizon toward my right in the eastern sky and continue to join the trail in the right-to-left movement pattern as the other ones had followed.  They did not move fast.  They moved at a pace between “hovering” and “very slow” and the distance between each light remained almost constant (some did not catch up to others or surpass others…all lights followed the one or ones that were in front of them that were more to the left and moving northward).  All lights moved from south to north (my right to my left) and none stayed stationary or backtracked in the opposite direction.   I took out my iPhone 5 and opened the camera app and took a few still shots and then decided I should set it on video but was unsure if my phone’s camera would pick up what I saw.  I was able to get a few stil! ls and one short video. In looking back on this experience, I should have tried to count them or call the police or someone else to document what I was seeing because I was alone with I witnessed this.  My estimation was that I saw at least 20 or more individual lights total.  I don’t know how many more might have been in the sky before I was driving up Culler Road where they caught my visual attention that night.  I thought perhaps it might be something from the Pittsburgh Airport or the Air Force base which are both in the direction of where I was looking that night from Palm Drive.  The airport is approximately 20 minutes by car from Weirton and it is northeast from Weirton. I called the police 2 days later and also the news station in Steubenville, Ohio which is the city across the Ohio River from Weirton and both said they did not receive any reports of these lights.  I was frustrated because what I saw was definitely something I had never seen before in my entire life.   I am a 62-year-old male with a master’s degree in a profession.  I am not any “UFO nut” and am really not sure if extraterrestrial beings or vehicles exist.  I felt maybe these could be some experimental drones or something that the military could be testing at night.  Whatever they were, they were controlled and by no means did they randomly travel across the sky.  They were organized and lined up and spaced themselves as if controlled by some source or intelligence intentionally.  They made no noise or sound in the sky. I called the National UFO Reporting Center in the State of Washington after doing a Google search of where to report UFOs because the local police and news station treated my verbal report with no interest or concern.  I spoke directly with Peter Davenport who told me he is the director of this organization, and he advised me on how to submit a report and, to keep it “clean,” without bias or contamination, to not read other reports on that website until after I complete my report.  I will complete a report to this UFO Reporting organization and will also submit my still photos and my short video taken from my iPhone 5 on the night of June 7, 2014. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sincere, eloquent, and sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness, and that his report is quite accurate.  PD));40.4171;-80.5614
