Orb of light follows witness's car, disappearing and reappearing.;2015-10-12 23:45:00;7 minutes;Orb of light follows witness's car, disappearing and reappearing. I was driving down a long stretch of straight, unlit road, myself being the only one within eyesight traveling towards St. Augustine.  I came across a truck on the side of the road with hazards flashing.  As I approached the vehicle, I noticed there was a tall figure standing outside the truck, seemingly hopeful that a passerby would stop and help.  I felt drawn to help as I got closer to the truck, though in my mind I told myself I wouldn’t be of much use because I did not have a jack or other repair tools in my car.  I passed the truck and made eye contact with the figure whose features I was unable to make out.  In the moments immediately following me passing the truck, I felt a sudden immense feeling of dread and negative energy, as if whatever scene I had just passed was hiding an extremely evil energy. 	A minute or two after passing the truck, I noticed behind me what looked to be a motorcycle light, though I knew it couldn’t be because it was too high off the ground.  At first, I was uneasy because I didn’t recall any vehicles behind me.  I continued to stare at it to try to figure out what was causing it but then looked up at the road to make sure I was not headed for a collision and looked back.  Upon doing so, I saw that the light had moved in what was literally eye-blink speed to within a foot or two of the rear of my car.    Describing the object, it was a spherical, orb-like ball of light with what looked to be a cylindrical metallic body that hung below it, similar to the letter I, where the light was the dot and the metallic body was the line.   This went on for a good 30 to 40 seconds until another car’s lights appeared around the bend ahead.  I looked to see the car and looked back and the light was gone.  Two or so minutes after the car had passed and was out of s! ight, the orb appeared again at its original position, not tailgating me.   Another car came and once again I was at a loss as the light disappeared.  As I was approaching the end of the road where it ultimately splits into two lanes that lead through an urban area, the light appeared again.  It stayed with me until I left the one lane road.  Here, the light slowed down, eventually coming to a halt at the end of the road and rising to just above the tree line where it then again disappeared for good.;29.6669;-81.6579000000001
