Large, Slow Moving Triangular Shaped Object that seems to suddenly disappear...;2005-03-01 03:30:00;approx: 20 seconds or so;Large, Slow Moving Triangular Shaped Object that seems to suddenly disappear... I work night shift and happened to be speaking to someone outside, when, over their head I noticed something. I looked up and there was a large, slow moving triangle shaped object...the shape that I saw was not the actual body, but the three lights at each corner that defined a triangular description.  I said WHAT is That!?!, the other person turned around, saw it and was unsure themselves...this all happened in a matter of seconds and then , it seemed to just disappear.  The object was definately low , though, not low enough to get a detailed description.  I shared this information with my family and then, nearly one week later , my husband and I were outside and he noticed something amidst the tops of the trees, over the St. Johns River..I saw him looking, but just disregarded it and he asked me to come over and look, but by that time it was gone .  He described to me nearly exactly what I saw, only , his description had it closer to the ground with a center light as well...I did not see a center light on the first occasion. He said it moved extremely slow and , then, after disappearing behind trees, he no longer saw it.  We remember these experiences QUITE well because neither of us have ever experienced this type of thing before and we know of no Military Aircraft that fit this description and just disappear, it seems , into thin air. This also happened just before and right after our youngest son's birthday, so , that makes the dates easy to remember. We have been looking for it again , yet, have had no luck. We have also been trying to find something that looked like it online , and we ran across this site and figured, well, we obviously are not the only ones to have this experience and what could we lose by sharing our experiences? Does anyone recall having a similiar experience in Central Florda around this time? Does anyone know if this could POSSIBLY be Military Aircraft? We recall absolutely no sound, no fire..just a very subtle , large, slow moving craft that seemed to be triangular in shape.  Both nights had clear skies and we have not heard of anyone else's account of this.;29.6669;-81.6579000000001
