I was caught in the light;1994-11-15 04:00:00;3-4 min;I was caught in the light I was in a patially inclosed tree stand in the corner of a large field.  I normally got their about 3 am and waited for daylight.  I was turned around looking behind me and when I turned back around I seen lights. Just like light beams under water, the beams were very concentrated and defined. The beams were white.   Once a beam came out it stayed on and didn't move.  It started up and to the left of me.   One beam after another came on and the row of lights came down at an angle.   After a few seconds I was shined by one of the beams.  Their was no sound. I held my hand up to block the light and all of a sudden all of the lights turned red at the same time.  I was shined by the red lights for what felt like 10-20 seconds.  Then, all at once, all the lights turned off. Up in the middle of the sky I seen 2 humps that I thought was one object. It sat their without moving for about a minute, it glowed white and had no sound.  All of a sudden, one side/hump/object, in a swift! , smooth, steady, deliberate speed from beginning to end, went streight down until I couldn't see it anymore. The other object remained motionless for about another minute.  Then the second object did the same streight up until I couldn't see it anymore.  The event was followed by some sounds of animals fighting in the woods where the first craft went down.  I never seen them again. At daybreak I ran for it.  I tried to rationalize it as game wardens or drug hunters that seen my heat signal, but I don't believe any of that.  There was no blinking lights, they glowed white, no sound, to close together, and movement was to smooth (no speeding up or slowing down, just swift, one speed movement), they didn't fly across the sky (streight up, streight down until out if sight and within seconds).  My sky view was massive.  I was in the corner of a field to my left and a valley with cleared tember to my right.  I have always wondered. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));30.8648;-88.6503
