Bright light broke into 6 objects two turn toward us the others vanished metal sparks fell from sky to ground;2003-10-15 20:30:00;15 to 20 minutes;Bright light broke into 6 objects two turn toward us the others vanished metal sparks fell from sky to ground ((four names of witnesses deleted)) were in our front yard talking and looking at the night sky. ((name deleted)) was looking toward me and talking I was facing north east. About 3/4 of a mile to 0ne mile and about 1500 feet in the sky a intense white light suddenly appeared it was about 1/4 the size of the moon at that distance. The light was so intense that ((name deleted)) turned around at the same time I was saying “look at that”.The object split into six objects each 1/4 the size of the original. One object moved upward, two flew right, two flew left and one moved straight ahead. The pattern was similar to a five pointed star, with each tip moving away as a ball of light. As the object separated the individual balls changed color and stretched. The color was white, blue and red smeared or streaked as they moved. The upper ball and the two to the left disappear leaving the right two coming toward our location and grouping together about 25 to 50 apart. These two began to slowly blink in a ruby red color, one blink about every 4 or 5 seconds. They flew within about 8 or 9 hundred yards of our location in a arc back toward the mountain(north). ((nameds deleted)) saw this. The center object turned yellow and move toward the lake and disappeared also( we heard a faint jet sound at this point). We stood outside and talked about what we had saw and about two or three minutes latter a shower of sparks fell into the lake area. The shower of sparks was about 1 hundred to 150 feet long and about 8 to 10 feet wide ,it fell to the south east . About 10 minutes latter we heard a large military helicopter .It came over the mountains to the south very low to the terrain, it flew to the location of the thing that fell made a turn over the location then flew toward Kernville. ((name deleted)) and I went down to the lake to see if we could see anything .There was an odor of hot metal in the air. There was a truck near the location where we estimated the object to be. The truck was moving side to side and around in circles someone was walking in front of it. We decided to try to ask them if they had seen the object but the truck sped off. ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION FROM WITNESS)) The data box should have instructions  not to include personal data except first names. The reason that mine was included is I first wrote the report on correl then copied it to the spot.Also, to bad someone could not come up to investigate as stuff from the yellow object fell to the ground or in the lake near the shore(alot of stuff).There was one other vehicle looking in the area for it, as my son and I were.If the lake continues to get lower it may become visible.   What should we do if we find something?There also was a military hummer with 5 or 6 tubes on top of it in town sunday.I am familiar with jets and stars and planets and the station ,it flew over this location several months ago.I own a telescope celestron 8 inch so I know about those things.And I fly radio control aircraft and have about 50 hrs. flight traing in fixed wing full size aircraft.I have studied military aircraft and the space program for 40 years and if it was ours we are way ahead of anyone else.The single object split into 6 no sound from the two that past overhead.       Thank You ((name deleted));35.7246;-118.4559
