Bright light becomming glowing oval white light with two multi-colored lights zipping by at high rate of speed.;1994-08-20 20:00:00;2 seconds;Bright light becomming glowing oval white light with two multi-colored lights zipping by at high rate of speed. I still remember like it was yesterday.  It was a warm August night, (not sure though on the date, either 1993 or 94) and I was out on the front porch at home and I just happened to glance up and saw a very bright blinding light that was moving in my direction.  As I looked up it seemed to pick up speed and as the object moved overhead and to the side a bit, the light became an oval glowing white light and I noticed a smaller red glowing light on one side and a small green glowing light on the other.  The object whizzed by, arcing downward and disappearing from sight.  It made no sound at all.  It was very low, just above the tree-tops.  I saw no solid mass that the lights could have been attached to, as this sighting took place on a clear, dark, moonless night.  Total sighting lasted only about 2 seconds.  I was in absolute awe of what I had just seen.  I ran around back of the house to see if I could still see anything.  At that time I became overcome with fear.  I had read stories about men in black showing up at people's doorsteps after seeing a ufo and threatening them not to report such things.  With that in the back of my mind, I locked all the doors and told my parents about what I had just seen.  Nobody ever showed up at the door. Although all aircraft are equipped with white lights and a green light on one wingtip and a red light on the other wingtip, this UFO's lights were too dim and too large.  They were glowing, not shining, like aircraft lights do.  And all the lights were clustered together, unlike an aircraft's.  This was completely silent, moved way too fast, and low, to be an aircraft of any kind.  It was moving North.  This also happened to be around the time that Napa was plagued by unmarked black helicopter traffic for months. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  One of five interesting reports from same witness.  PD));38.4026875;-122.264765625
Single green fireball type object, hitting the ground north of Napa, CA.;2001-12-10 23:40:00;5-10 Seconds;Single green fireball type object, hitting the ground north of Napa, CA. My wife and I were out for an evening drive, and were headed north down Hwy. 29.  Between Napa and Yountville i noticed something in my perhiperal vision (slightly to the left).  When I turned to look I saw a massive green fireball headed down towards the ground.  It approached the ground at about a 75 degree angle.  I would compare the size of the object from about one quarter, to one half the size of the moon.  Just before hitting the ground, the object apparently burned out.  Distance was approx from .5 to 1 mile away.  We called 911 and notified the Sheriff's Dept, told them we had seen an object fall from the sky, but that there was no explosion or impact from what we could tell.  The easiest thing I can compare it to would be anti-aircraft fire, when seen from night vision.  You know the white/green streaks?;38.4026875;-122.264765625
Orange light slowly travels across the sky and rapidly ejects smaller lights downward from it, before disappearing.;2005-02-06 23:57:00;3 minutes;Orange light slowly travels across the sky and rapidly ejects smaller lights downward from it, before disappearing. I had just come home from work and was unloading my car, making several trips into the house.  I noticed an orange point of light in the North sky close to the horizon.  It was the approximate brightness of aircraft headlights.  At first I didn't pay much attention to it, but as I noticed the light gradually moving in my general direction, the orangeness of the light struck me as being odd, as aircraft have white headlights, red strobe lights, red and green wingtip lights, and white wingtip strobes.  This had none of those lights required by the FAA.  I also started to notice that although this light was moving a bit slower than a satellite, it's speed kept changing.  Just enough to notice.  It would speed up and slow down as it moved from North to South.  As it got closer I kept listening, but never heard any engines or any noise at all.  I also noticed that it began swerving slightly and it's overall direction changed to a Southeasterly direction.  The intensity of the light remained constant.  It got to a point where it was as close to me as it was going to get and was now moving left to right.  It was a mostly clear night, with a few patchy areas of stratus clouds.  A couple of times this object passed behind a cloud and could still see some light through it.  It's altitude was hard to guess, but high enough to be above the low clouds.  At it's closest point, it was about 35 to 40 degrees above the horizon.  By this time I had run into to house to retrieve a pair of binoculars to get a better look at this.  I focused in on it, and it was a solid orange point of light.  It left no vapor or smoke trail.  As it moved southeast I suddenly saw a smaller piece of the orange light fall or get ejected downward from the object.  The odd thing is, the piece kept the same forward velocity as the parent object as it fell rapidly downward, so it did not lag behind or trail as it fell.  Once it fell, it quickly twinkled out.  Then I saw another piece drop, and then another, in the same exact fashion.  Then the parent object quickly faded out into the blackness of the night sky.  Nothing further was seen. Had this been a satellite or space junk burning up in the atmosphere, any pieces breaking off would stay together and slowly drift apart.  The piece was moving downward at about the same speed as it was moving forward.  Not sure what to make of this.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
UFO over Lake Berryessa.;2007-08-02 22:00:00;1-2 Minutes;UFO over Lake Berryessa. I was camping with several friends at Lake Berryessa in Napa, when I noticed a lone light creeping across the sky. It was late in the evening, about 10-11 at night, when I saw first noticed it and it took a good minute or two to get from where I first saw it until it disappeared behind a mountain. I never made mention to anyone else to confirm what I saw because, unfortunately enough, I’m the only believer in the group of aliens and UFOs.  It was just a ball of light, no other flashing or blinking lights on the sides like a regular small plane would have and I didn’t hear a sound from it. Though several seconds after the light disappeared, a small plane did fly over in the same exact path (for the lack of a better term) the light flew over.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
Bright orange light drifted across the sky.;2008-02-25 19:30:00;3-5 minutes;Bright orange light drifted across the sky. The incident took place at roughly 7:30-8pm, well after dark, while I was taking out the trash at my apartment complex.  A bright orange light in the Southeast sky caught my attention.  It seemed pretty far away and moved very slowly.  There was no noise and no blinking lights as on an aircraft.  It seemed to move too slowly for an aircraft.  It gradually drifted Northward and after a couple minutes it changed course and moved toward the East as it dimmed.  It then faded away. I managed to get a pair of binoculars and it was simply a single orange light with a constant intensity and no other lights, blinking or otherwise.  No trail was left.  The sky was mostly clear with just a few cirrus clouds and no moon. An almost identical light was seen a few years ago by myself that moved in a similar fashion, but in the opposite direction.  I had reported that sighting as well on this site.  I’m interested if anyone else saw this light or if there is some explanation for what I have seen, now twice.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
Intense blue lights, disturbing guttural noises.;2008-08-12 23:59:00;1 minute;Intense blue lights, disturbing guttural noises At around Midnight my friends and I were standing outside talking when suddenly in the Southwest corner of the valley, bright blue sphere-like light erupted into the sky.   No they were not fireworks or search lights. The shade of blue was close to a bright neon and the orbs of light seemed to form out of one another.  Following these lights was an intense guttural sound.  It was as if a whale was moaning. The sound was deep and penetrating.  I am extremely frightened by this event. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  We are uncertain over whether this is intended to be a serious report, or a hoax.  Also, the Perseid Meteor Shower peaked during the morning of August 13, 2008, so the witnessed to the alleged event may have observed a;38.4026875;-122.264765625
Orange light vanishes, followed by sonic boom.;2008-08-17 03:30:00;5 to 7 minutes;Orange light vanishes, followed by sonic boom. I was walking out to my apartment's parking lot with my brother and friend, to take them home, when we noticed this orange-ish light flying in the East sky. We stood outside my van and watched this thing move, then stop, move some more, then stop, et cetera. It was going South in the horizon and slightly up, as well. We watched this for maybe 5-7 minutes or so, discussing what it could be (it had no blinking lights to suggest it was a plane or helicopter of any kind.) when suddenly we see this BRIGHT white flash where the orange light was (which caused me to flinch it was startling) then just a few seconds later a sonic boom. And then the orange light was gone. I have never seen anything like that in my life. I have always loved stories of U.F.O. sightings, I have had two others in my home town as well, but NOTHING like this.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
Light observed hovering over Napa and then dropping something before disappearing.;2009-12-01 22:55:00;5 minutes;Light observed hovering over Napa and then dropping something before disappearing. I am a security officer in the Napa area.   On 12/01/2009 at about 22:55 I was walking around an apartment complex in the city of Napa, CA.  My girlfriend was talking to her mother on the phone and she had me on the phone as well.  I was listening to my girlfriend talking to her mother through my Bluetooth device. While walking around this apartment complex, I happened to look up through the trees, toward the south.  I saw a bright light in the sky traveling northbound.  At first I thought this was a plane that had just taken off from the airport with its landing lights still on.  Then I noticed that it wobbled as it traveled and had no flashing lights on it.  It was also a little larger and brighter than any of the stars in the sky. Still thinking this was a plane, I found a larger opening in the trees and continued to watch it.  It appeared to stop briefly a couple of times.  The light traveled until it was almost straight up from where I was. It was still slightly south of me though. It just stopped in the sky and hovered.  There was no noise to it either.  As I watched this thing hover, I could see two horizontal lights on the sides of it.  For a moment I thought it could be a blimp with words scrolling on the sides of it but it was too small or too high, to be a blimp.  And a blimp has the lighted words on opposing sides.  This thing had the lights forward on each side, not opposite of each other. As I stood and looked at this thing, I realized this was not a plane and told my girlfriend to go outside and look at it.  She, in turn, told her mother to go outside and look too.  My girlfriend did not go outside but her father, who was with her mother, went outside at her mother’s request.  He said he didn’t see it.  I told them that it was the brightest looking star in the sky, just south of where the moon was.  Nobody else saw this light. As I watched this light, it began backing up and travelling southbound, the way it had come.  As it did, it dropped something.  What it dropped looked like a piece of glitter, but obviously larger.  It sparkled for about a second and then was no longer visible.  The light dropped about 4 or 5 of these things that I could see.  After that, the object flickered and looked like it disappeared.  It then lit back up and flickered some more. I heard some people walking toward me so I looked toward them to point this object out to them.  I wanted someone else to see this besides just me.  Well, the people who were coming toward me went into an apartment before reaching my location.  I looked back up at the sky, where the object was, and noticed it was no longer visible.  I wish I had watched it to see if it just flickered out or if it traveled somewhere else. There was some cloud cover and this object appeared to be below the clouds.  I kept watching for it all night after this and never did see it again.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
I was looking up to the sky to the east and I saw some kind of craft flying super high in the sky,came from the south to the north. It;2011-08-12 03:00:00;north;I was looking up to the sky to the east and I saw some kind of craft flying super high in the sky, came from the south to the north.  It was so small like a star and flying so fast like a shooting star and in the back of the craft two dots of light.  I think it's man made but I never seen any plane go that fast. It was fast really fast it left a trail.  Thank You for You'r time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.4026875;-122.264765625
2 Crafts were moving slowly along the top of the hill heading from north to south. One craft continued south while the other stopped ov;2013-02-11 20:31:00;8 minutes;2 Crafts were moving slowly along the top of the hill heading from north to south.  One craft continued south while the other stopped over the vicinity of Napa Airport and hovered there.   It then slowly rose, straight up, until it slipped under the light cloud coverage.  It sped away in a northwest for section much faster than it had previously been traveling.   There appeared to be four lights, 2 white and 2 red in a diamond shape.  It was extremely quiet, but there was a slight humming sound that reminded me of a heartbeat.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
4-5 lights flying slowly in a straight line.;2013-12-07 22:00:00;5 minutes;4-5 lights flying slowly in a straight line It was around 10 PM and I was in the front passenger seat on my way to the theater in Napa.  I noticed the passengers in the car next to me had their windows rolled down and were filming something with their phones.  We made the turn to get on the street where the theater is on and I saw what looked like an airplane flying in the sky, a bright far away light moving slowly in a straight line.  Then I noticed more lights moving behind the first one.  There was a total of 4-5 lights moving slowly and close together in a straight line across the sky.  I opened my window to see if they were making any noise and they weren't.  After about a minute, they all disappeared except the one in front leading.  After about 30 seconds, that one disappeared as well.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
Red light separates into two.;2021-02-05 20:00:00;20 minutes;Red light separates into two. My Husbndand and I saw a large shapeless red light, with strands  of  red light  streaming down like jellyfish tenticles. The large part of this red object split into two parts for about 4 minutes then slowly the two parts  merged back into one shape again.  AFter they became one,  the object  with lightening speed, disappeared into  the eastern sky and vanished.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
