It was approximately 1 a.m. and I was returning from my office in Napa with a friend, heading West on Hwy 121. The evening was rather d;1999-08-10 01:00:00;8 minutes;It was approximately 1 a.m. and I was returning from my office in Napa with a friend, heading West on Hwy 121. The evening was rather dark, the moon, if it was up, provided no illumination. The sky was clear and starry with good definition to the horizon except for a hint of ground fog settling in the lowest pockets of the valley floor. Suddenly our attention was drawn by an intensely bright, white light that rose abruptly into the low western sky ahead of us just slightly left of center. Both the nature of its sudden and jerky rise, and the intensity of this light source, caused us to watch the object closely, and it appeared to be either stationary or slowly heading towards us at a constant elevation. As we continued driving, we noticed that it was indeed getting closer and that there were in fact two, not one, bright lights. We also noticed that the lights were not white as first thought, but a very strange amber white that projected from the object like piercing pencil beams of light. It also soon became clear to us that out paths would soon cross and this object was no airplane or helicopter. We were about one mile west of the Napa Rd. turnoff when we got our first good look at the object and realized that if its course remained the same, it was going to pass directly over us in a matter of moments. Realizing this, I pulled off the road onto the shoulder and looking up out of my open window, watched it do just that. My best guess on its altitude is about 2000 ft and at it was at least 300 ft across (wide) and approximately 250 ft long. It may well have been even larger if I underestimated its altitude. Its shape was very similar to that of a manta ray (which I realize makes this account seem less credible) with its underside dark and muted browns. The underside was also highly detailed, not spherical and aerodynamic, with what may have been low-profile compartments or holds. The aforementioned 2 lights were on the front of the craft, and between them appeared to be a dimly lit area of some possibly transparent material. The 2 lights were still on as it passed overhead and they were quite unlike anything we had everr seen—intensely bright and focused. It also seemed to have some sort of revolving light arrays at the end of each wing that had briefly emanated a flashing red and white pattern (ike a commercial jet) only moments before. There was no visible means of propulsion as the craft passed silently overhead, but both of us could swear that we could feel it, like a low resonant vibration. After it passed overhead, I spun the car around in the shoulder area to pursue the craft, but as I did, the craft bolted southeast, displaying instantaneous acceleration, and was some 5 miles away before I had reached the paved road surface. As I reached the roadway, it bolted again and was now only faintly visible some 10-15 miles away, and then it was gone.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
Napa UFO,;2013-09-09 22:00:00;hour;Napa UFO Remained stationary with different lights flashing hovering quite low over trees.;38.4026875;-122.264765625
