Bright red light close to ground behind trees completely dissapeared upon second look, except for red glow in sky that followed us.;2005-07-31 22:00:00;5 Seconds;Bright red light close to ground behind trees completely dissapeared upon second look, except for red glow in sky that followed us. While riding down the highway after the Lee Circle on the exit towards Portsmouth, my mother and I witnessed a bright red light, such as the light you see at any intersection, and it was not fully viewable because it was directly behind leaves that hung over our van, and it illuminated the leaves.   For a second before we got close to it, we could see a light hanging slightly below the leaves.   When my mom and I looked again (behind us), the light was completely gone.  It seemed to have mostly a heart shape.   After the sighting, there seemed to be a red glow in a certain area of the sky that almost appeared to follow us, because there was always a large red patch of clouds that changed places when I looked out the van window that night.   I believe this is the second sighting of my life, because about seven years ago I saw what almost looked like a shooting star, only much bigger and closer, and also moving way too slow.   It appeared to crash into the ground somewhere within a few miles, but I didn't hear a crash, perhaps because it was too far away.;43.1165;-71.0009
Off white, yellowish orb, eratic behavior, seen in sky.;2008-05-20 23:00:00;19 minutes;Off white, yellowish orb, eratic behavior, seen in sky. At approximately 23:50 I stepped outside on my porch for a cigarette.  Out of the corner of my eye I noticed what appeared to be a bright off white light moving from south north east at a very slow rate of speed. I had to lean my head back for a moment as the object appeared nearly right over the top of my head. It made no noise, and travelled very slowly and silently for about a minute and a half, and suddenly, rapidly accelerated at speeds I could not identify with any other aircraft I have ever seen manuver before, due east directly above the tree line. At that point, startled, I ran into the house and woke my mother from a dead sleep to validate the peculiar object. We both proceeded outside to which we witnessed it move back and forth, up and down, changing in brightness, and at times what appeared even to be in shape for several minutes. There was extensive cloud cover on the horizon above the tree line, and enough overcast to create a haze over the ret of the objects in the sky, however this peticular object remained extremely vibrant. I then proceeded to go to my computer and check my online star charts on Worldwide Telescope for the current time and date while my mother stayed outside and observed its odd behavior. Nothing celestial even matched the intensity or positioning of this object. Note: I am an avid astronomer of over 8 years, fluent with many of the night sky's celestial content. Towards the end of the sighting I called the mufon hotline and reported the object as both my mother and I observed it... it later faded out, either disappearing, or moving behind cloud cover... and seemed to independently illuminate the clouds as it left from view. More importantly, this is the second time I viewed this object, and woke my mom to validate the first sighting I witnessed, but did not report nearly a week ago...;43.1165;-71.0009
Orb-like lights in or on West Mill Pond at dawn;2012-09-05 06:30:00;5 minutes;Orb-like lights in or on West Mill Pond at dawn Early dawn, on both 5th & 6th, I saw a bright, warm, steady white light in or on West Mill Pond.  It was the size of a garden landscape light seen from about 200ft away from 15ft above the water.  The light was glowing, flickering, bright as an incandescent flashlight. There was no obvious source from shore.  No boats moored. On the 8th I saw two lights about 10ft apart in the same area, same qualities, only difference was the color, more of an orange.;43.1165;-71.0009
