Fast flying rectangular metallic object seen over fields at night on Lee Hook Road, seen twice in two days;2012-06-25 22:00:00;10 seconds;Fast flying rectangular metallic object seen over fields at night on Lee Hook Road, seen twice in two days Driving on Lee Hook RD in Lee, NH, late at night with my mom, through the trees in the sky over a large empty field saw what we thought was the moon, but the moon we could see was somewhere else and what we'd actually seen was a large, possibly rectangular metallic box flying really fast through the sky beyond or above the trees (fast and large, but still completely silent).   Made my mom pull the car over to look and asked her if she saw it too. She was still skeptical it was the moon because the color of the full moon reflected off the object (because it was metallic) but I pointed out that the moon couldn't have been in that position or moving. I wasn't sure what I'd seen that night, but the next morning (in the separate report I just sent in) I was in the car with my aunt driving on the highway in Lee (same town, completely different area) and saw, without a reasonable doubt, the exact same flying object or model of object I'd seen the night before in the same town!  I could tell it was metallic, rectangular, and the same size as it had been the night before, but I saw it in both full daylight sun and at night, so I was able to fully confirm that it was metallic, rectangular, flying too fast for a normal aircraft, and roughly the size of a bed but maybe thicker? ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));43.1165;-71.0009
Large rectangular metallic object flying fast yet silent over Lee NH highway;2012-06-26 11:00:00;10 seconds;Large rectangular metallic object flying fast yet silent over Lee NH highway I was in the car with my aunt driving away from the Lee traffic circle just past Dunkin Donuts, when I looked up into the blue sky (a few scattered clouds but completely sunny Summer day) to see a rectangular, dark metallic object flying pretty fast through the sky, though it was completely silent and roughly the size of a large bed.  The object darted back and forth quickly and was close enough to the ground that it was below the clouds, even though the clouds were already low.  Almost as soon as I saw it and pointed it out quickly to my aunt, it darted into a cloud and completely disappeared from sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));43.1165;-71.0009
