A montage of events, you figure out what this was, I really am not sure.;1995-04-10 21:00:00;45 minutes;A montage of events, you figure out what this was, I really am not sure. While leaving a friends house in rural Monroe County, three of us stepped out onto the front porch.  I commented on a greenish glow in the horizon, but the other two friends thought I was being funny.   I didn't say anything more about it, but after about 1 minute, I noticed that the horizon had become substantially greener.  The neon green glow stretched from one end of the horizon, to the other.  This was a very large phenomenon.  I told the two I was with to look again, and they were very surprised by what we were now looking at.  Very soon after the horizon had taken on what was now a very green glow, objects began to materialize then dematerialize, and move in an S shape for about half an hour.  This is a description of the objects that materialized:  First, let me tell you that the night was perfectly clear.  The initial object appeared and had a cloud like texture, which literally materialized right before our eyes, but then began to expand outward in the a diamond shape, with the center being empty, yet it was aligned with the outer diamond shape.  After reaching a certain size of expansion, the object would dissipate, or dematerialize.  Then, more of the same object began to occur, and began occurring simultaneously in different areas of the horizon.  Very soon after, another object appeared, but this one was circular and would move in an S shape downward toward the earth, leaving an S trail, and then dissipating as well.  This also had a cloud like texture to it.  Several of both kinds of objects kept appearing and either expanding as a diamond shape until dissipating, or growing into a circular shape and moving in an S pattern, downward toward earth.  The sky remained a very strong glow of green, and then in what seemed to be the climax of the entire event, two objects, both about the shape and size of a full moon, seemed to materialize out of nothing, a single object in between them appeared and shot down toward earth, and then shot right back up again.  After this, the entire phenomenon began to slowly go away.  It took another 15 minutes for it all to stop, each of the objects I described, except for the final moon like objects, began to appear less and less, and the sky slowly turned back to normal, and then it was all gone.  Let me note, this phenomenon made no sounds.  Also, I ran in the house and called the Sheriff’s department to ask if anyone had reported any strange phenomenon in the Northern part of the sky.  They said no, so I did not want to talk any further as they would have thought I was crazy.   I also called my sister who lived about 25 miles north of where I was and she said she saw nothing in the sky either.  So, I just ran back outside to continue watching.   My friends and I were in shock at what we just witnessed.   Then, I decided to go home, but I did notice every here and there, people were pulled over onto the side of the road watching the sky.  I have to think that they saw the same thing I did.   The following day, my friend who was with me, and attended the University of Michigan, asked a science professor if the northern lights were visible from where we were and he said they were not.  Besides, the northern lights don't do all that! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.981;-83.269
