3 'stars' in a perfect triangle pattern.  Lights suddenly disappeared.;2015-11-13 18:15:00;1 minute;Never seen before 'lights' in the sky by a avid sky watcher.  Lights suddenly disappeared. 3 'stars' in a perfect triangle pattern.  Very bright and never before seen by the witness, who gazes at the stars each night.  The lights were stationary.  All of a sudden, they dimmed and disappeared.  Witness stood for 15 minutes watching the area of the sky.  Sky was clear with no clouds.  They did not reappear.;36.74143;-95.9415162500001
Bright Light flashing, bouncing down up side to side hoovering triangle with lights at each point of triangle;2019-08-20 20:56:00;0:54;Bright Light flashing, bouncing down up side to side hoovering triangle with lights at each point of triangle Aug 20th, 2019,, I was driving on Hwy 123 North between Bartlesville and Barndall, Ok., at approx. 8:50pm, with me was my 11 yr old granddaughter.  I seen a strange Bright light flashing at a slow pace kinda, on the  East side up ahead going at a fast rate.  I told  my granddaughter to look it looks like the same kind of bright light we saw a week before, on Aug. 13th 2019.  And it just came across where we seen it.  All of a sudden it turned going North in a sharp way I can  only describe as in an L manner.  As I topped the hill the Bright light was on the West side of Hwy now going South.  The way it was flashing and as Bright as it was, I decided to pull over to observe it better at a stand still.  It was almost straight across from me in the Air by the time i stopped.  It had seemed to have had pause for a few seconds, and at that moment, it was moving in a bouncing form it would go down just a little bit, back up then real fast bounce back, then right then left.  I instantly shouted did you see that to my granddaughter.  She did in fact seen it move as I did. Right then  I knew I was looking at something.  A UFO, we continued to watch it as it continued to  travel southward.  Within a few minutes it was I would say over Barnsdall, and it just stopped moving.  The Bright light stayed in one spot for 5 to 7 minutes, then started to move again going west, turning back going North Northeast until it was almost right back to where we were sitting  of Hwy.  This is when I decided to grab my cell phone and start recording, and as I was recording I could not really see anything that I was looking at, I thought that my phone would not pick bright light up.   So I Called my youngest daughter till she answered which is where I just left not 15 minutes ago from taking her back home to Barnsdall.  I screamed get outside right now, locate the Big Dipper now look to ur left just a little and Boom she had asked what is it..  Then she and her wife was lik! e Omg is that , I can hear it mom, it has a whirling deep weird sound,  They could see it turning like in a spinning way.  We all watched it until we could not see it anymore as it went into the sky where it was lighting and storming..   I got home and went to see if my phone picked any of the recording I did, and oh man did it.  You can see the bright light a few times and see how it was moving around a little, then right at the end of the video you see the triangle shape lights 3 of them.  We were on shoulder of Hwy. and it was dark with trees on both sides of the road.;36.74143;-95.9415162500001
