The cloaked figure with huges eyes was hovering between the bed and the door.;1981-11-29 00:30:00;several minutes;The cloaked figure with huges eyes was hovering between the bed and the door. I had just laid down in bed when I turned and saw a figure hovering between the bed and the door.  My husband was asleep beside me and I couldn't move to wake him.  The figure pointed toward the living room and I knew he wanted me to go there, but I was too frightened.  I remember shaking my head no and he shook his finger in the direction of the living room again as if demanding me to get up and go in there.  I looked away and then looked back.  He was still there.  He was wearing a cloak with a hood over his head, but I could see his eyes...they were the biggest eyes I'd ever seen.  I kept watching him.  The cloak changed colors and he vanished.  I laid there awake worrying about my children across the hall, but I couldn't get out of bed.  It seemed as if only a few minutes passed before it was morning, although I had not slept. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.74143;-95.9415162500001
I saw a series of dim lights in a circle spaced apart evenly and caught movement of object moving.;2000-10-08 05:45:00;less 30 seconds;I saw a series of dim lights in a circle spaced apart evenly and caught movement of object moving. I was driving through town and the first thing i noticed was a vehicle up ahead of me with the headlights on in my lane of traffic stopped.As i approached the vehicle, it pulled in its own lane and went its way. I drive up a little ways and something catches my attention out of the front left corner of my windshiled.At this time I only saw it for a brief moment.It was a series of lights that formed a circle, the lights were spaced apart evenly. I lost sight of it through some trees and tried to explain it away as a reflection, plane, or strobe light from an airport against something. I pulled up a ways and clearly saw it again, it seemed to be hoovering several hundred feet off of the ground but was moving south at a low speed. i stopped my vehicle right away and turned off my lights and motor and got out. i didnt see it again but i also heard nothing. Not a jet sound or anything. I am 38 years old and have been in the outdoors all of my life, camping, hunting, etc and this is the first time i have ever seen anything i couldnt explain.;36.74143;-95.9415162500001
