A circular, rotating amber light decended and disappeared.  Then the same light later ascended.;2009-08-22 21:30:00;10 minutes;A circular, rotating amber light decended and disappeared.  Then the same light later ascended. A circular-rotating amber light decended in the sky and eventually flickered and disappeared a few hundred feet off of the ground leaving black smoke where it disappeared.   Almost an hour later, the same amber light was seen ascending into the sky in a different direction, but this time, the light was not rotating. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.2433;-94.1031
Two distant orange lights hover, move slowly, maneuver, then disappear.;2011-08-13 21:29:00;5mins;Two distant orange lights hover, move slowly, maneuver, then disappear. A party of approximately 10 people were enjoying an evening at a cabin on the east side of nearby Cedar Lake, approximately 3 miles east of Annandale, MN.  We were launching small fireworks from the dock, facing West.  There were very few clouds at the time. Someone called our attention to a pair of lights approximately 3 miles West by Southwest over the vicinity of Annandale.  At first, the objects appeared to be landing lights of approaching aircraft.  However, the objects were orange in color, had no other lighting (no markers or strobes), appeared about 400ft apart, held an elevation of approximately 2000ft, and did not seem to move.  The object to the south appeared about 100ft lower than its companion, at an approximate elevation of 1900ft. Minutes later, both objects began slowly moving South.  Both objects maintained their brilliance as they moved, suggesting that their light was shining in all directions.  (An airplane's landing light should have dimmed slightly if it changed direction.)   At this point, I decided to film what I could of the event using my Google G1 cell phone camera.  Unfortunately, the camera requires ample light to work correctly, and the objects were too distant against the night sky. The southern object traveled somewhat faster than its companion, a distance of about 1000ft, then stopped and hovered again, partially obscured by a cloud.  Then, it slowly sank in elevation about 50ft, then seemed to disappear instantly. The northern object traveled South about 1000ft towards its companion, maintaining altitude, never changing course or speed.  It became obscured behind the same cloud as its companion.  It did not re-appear from the other side of the cloud. The resulting footage shows approximately 5 seconds of the northern object, but it appears only a few pixels wide.  The audio contains brief commentary by myself and one other eyewitness during the event. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrkNoOL7dgE;45.2433;-94.1031
