star flying across the sky, moving like a snake.;2003-08-28 21:30:00;1 minute;star flying across the sky, moving like a snake. Seen in Maple, just north of Toronto. At 9:30 pm my brother (39) and I (33) and our two children were in the back yard looking for Mars as it is reported to be at it's closest to earth.  We saw what appeared to be a star traveling from south to north. There were no flashing lights that would indicate that it was an aircraft. As it flew across the sky slowly and parallel to some stars we noticed that it then moved in a snake like manner, swinging left and right.  I asked my brother if he had a camcorder to see if he could zoom in on it. He ran inside, I kept my eye on the object as it travelled north. He came out with his binoculars and we both took turns looking at the object. We did not see any flashing lights when viewed through the binoculars. This object looked like a star.  The object, at arms length, was about two open hand widths to the right of the big dipper.  Note: I have seen this same object about two weeks ago during the great black out across the eastern sea border.  If anyone else has seen this, please let me know. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that a satellite in polar orbit would be the first possibility to be ruled out.  Satellites often are reported to exhibit deviations from their orbital path, but the cause is movement of the observer's eye, and perhaps other perceptual causes.  This is a guess on our part.  PD));43.8503;-79.5128000000002
Hi, A few nights ago I witnessed an event that I have never witnessed before.  While standing on the front porch of my home, at approxi;2008-09-01 23:45:00;15 min;Hi, A few nights ago I witnessed an event that I have never witnessed before.  While standing on the front porch of my home, at approximately 11:45 p.m. I saw a bright light in the sky directly ahead of me. I looked at the bright light for a few seconds, perhaps four or five seconds, then the light began to slowly move to the right in an easterly direction. I then called my husband, who was just inside the door. I thought it was a satellite and wanted him to see it also.  He came out, looked at the bright light moving, and said it might be a satellite. Then suddenly the light changed direction. It moved slowly once again, but this time to the north.  It travelled in this direction for about five seconds. Then, it picked up speed and travelled the entire length of the sky in less than a second, and it disappeared. It moved faster than any human engineered craft could possibly move. The light was bright white in color, but when it accelerated it turned to a bright orange.;43.8503;-79.5128000000002
