3 metalic spheres connected in a triangle in daytime;2010-08-08 14:00:00;7 - 10 minutes;3 metalic spheres connected in a triangle in daytime During the summer, early August 2010, My daughter and I were in our backyard pool enjoying a hot summer day.  We live in Morris, Il, south of the Illinois River in the country.   Our backyard faces to the direct north.  It was approximately 2pm or so and I heard an airplane motor above and to the east. At about a 45degree angle east, southeast, I saw clearly an object best described as 3 large round spheres.  Each appeared very large, about the size or larger that my out building which is 42’ x 36’x18’.  The 3 spheres appeared all connected mechanically and hovered in an upright tri-angle position.   I pointed this object out to my daughter who is 11 years old.  I would of estimated the distance of the object at less that 500 yards horizontally at a height of less that 1000 ft. We both were observing it and as I stated earlier I heard the sound of an airplane motor in that general direction.  Beyond this object a airplane was observed traveling in a west, southwest direction and eventually could no longer be heard.  We watched the object for what seemed like minutes and we both noted that no sound could be heard. Suddenly the object started moving in a direct northerly direction.  As it moved north its elevation increased as did the speed.  Within seconds the object went from a southeast position from our house to due north and disappearing.  It’s acceleration wasn’t instant but the velocity kept increasing to what seemed a unbelievable rate.  I have experience with aircraft and high rate acceleration and can say I’ve never seen this kind of acceleration before. When the object disappeared I instantly told my daughter, Don’t say anything yet but draw a picture of what you just saw and I will to.   We both drew the exact same object on the pool top with our wet fingers.  We both then explained to each other what it was we thought we just saw or observed. Of all the UFO reports we’ve read about and pictures and drawings we’ve seen on the net, this was the first that I’ve seen or heard about that was described as 3 large spheres connected in a tri-angle shape.   We both told a couple people what we saw that day but of course the look at us like were goofy. So I thought I would just pass this along.;41.3693;-88.4179
