Triangle shaped black object.;2012-12-16 21:47:00;7 minutes;Triangle shaped black object. I was driving home from droping my daughter off at work. on my ride home, i was listerning to the radio and checking the christmas lights out.  I was looking up towards the houses on this street, all the lights looked really nice, when i saw the moon. it was really bright, and just following on the side of me in the sky, that's why i assumed it was the moon. You know how the moon follows you when your driving or it appears to follow you. so i thought it was. i was doing about 25 mph when i had to slow down for the light.  I am waiting at the light to change to green, when i look up through my windshield and there's the moon again now right infront of me.  I am stairing at it, and all of a sudden there's two lights instead of the one light. which i was like wow..  OK it's a plane then. cause there's no way i just saw it divide.  I honestly thought my eyes were playing tricks, cause of the christmas lights and decorations all around. the trees right next too my car as i sit idel at the light are only about 30 or 40 feet high. Then I am thinking i am in the city, and i don't think planes can be that low. next thing i notice as i am sitting there, i look up again and it's lower and there's three lights in a perfect triangle shape.  Now my heart is raising and i am searching through my purse looking for my iphone to take a picture.  The light changes and i move forward swing a left into a side store parking lot, spin around in my car and i am facing it, and it's about 50 feet off the ground right infront of me. I am looking at this blacker than black, triangle shaped object, there's three lights and they are so bright, but look just like a star shaped. as i switch my ipone to camera and i am looking at this object it just vanished.  I didnt see it go up i didn't see it go to the left or right it was just gone, in a nano second. I have seen objects in the sky, crafts i couldn't explain since i was about 6 years old. this one was so different. I felt so different. I felt connected in some way, and then i felt excited and ill. and as i sit here typing this, i still am having trouble believing what i saw and how close it was.  I am in shock. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.6914156424579;-73.4647562383621
