Two hovering objects seen in early morning in the country with very bright lights.;2019-11-01 06:15:00;15;Two hovering objects seen in early morning in the country with very bright lights. I was in my way in to work, it was around 6:15 in the morning and very dark.  When I drive in, I leave my house and drive up a very big hill, so if it happens to be light out, I can see a pretty good view of the country side.  It was dark, so all I can see are lights and what is in front of me.  I saw an insanely bright light several miles away.  I was thinking it was a planet at first because it did look likt it was up in the sky, but due to it being dark, it was hard to tell with landscape elevations - so I was excited to see what it was as I knew my drive in to work would bring me closer to it since it was in the direction I was headed. I could see the light the majority of my drive (again, incredibly bright) and it never seemed to move, which led me to believe again it was likely a bright star or planet.  As I drove closer to it, I could see that there was more than one light, but one for certain was very bright - there were 3 other lights on it, one was red ! and I believe I saw a blue light.  The object was hovering above a farm on the road I turn on to.  I would have to compare its hovering height to two tall grain silos length - in other words, it was low for the type of flying object it was.  I ended up turning on to a side road near the farm it was hovering above to get a closer look.  The object was big, in my opinion I would think it would fit a 10x10ft room or bigger, and looked like it had 4 points from the shape I could see in the dark, the way the lights on it were laid out.  I turned off my radio and rolled down my window and did not hear any sound even being in the country. At first I thought it was a drone, but then thought to myself that that seemed incredibly big for a drone, and wondered why it would be out in the dark. I parked my car and the object immediately started flying away, towards the direction I originally came from. I took a picture of it, from the view of it flying away from me (it didn't turn out too gr! eat). When it flew away, the pace was relatively slow. I decid! ed to fo llow it because I really couldn't believe what I was seeing. I followed it for 2-3 miles and then saw another object of the same description that it was flying towards. I saw lights on the second object, but it didn't have as bright of a light as the first one I saw. The objects got higher in the sky but seemed to hover around the same area while increasing its height in the air. The original one I saw started flying back towards where I originally saw it, and the second object flew the opposite way. At this point, they were both pretty high up where they could have been mistaken with a plane if a person happened to look up in the sky. I turned back around to go towards my work destination, still following object 1's direction, but it was moving very fast. For another 10 minutes of my ride to work, I could see the blinking lights in the distance. I eventually had to turn the opposite way of where it was, so I no longer was viewing it. I would say it was 5-7 miles from me by ! the time I had to turn off, which also made me wonder if a drone had the capability to travel that far from its starting point. I am not the type of person to care about this type of stuff, and I'm sure there is a good possibility it was a drone, but it was pretty unreal to see.;43.2424;-89.5117
