five lights moving in formation;2002-12-28 04:50:00;2 minutes;five lights moving in formation i woke up to have a cigarette. i was on the deck watching the stars and looking for satallites when i saw the lights. they looked like stars except that they were moving. the lights stayed in a formation that looked like the five side of a dice .   . and turned counter clockwise in a circle. i watched it move slowly across .    the sky for a maybe two minutes before i lost sight of it. .   .;43.2424;-89.5117
Stationary lights over field in formation.;2013-12-11 16:45:00;30 seconds;Stationary lights over field in formation. 4-5 Stationary, reddish-orange white lights.  Seen at intersection of HWY V and 113 facing north.   We came over the last hill going north on 113,  approaching the stop sign at V and I said,  What in the hell is that..what is that, what are we seeing Oh my God what is that!  3-4 lights evenly spaced and one light spaced a little farther back and to the left.  Like it would have been on a curved object the sky around the lights was dark, I started to pull over but the traffic was coming up behind us and my husband said no, don't pull over.  We sat with the traffic behind us and stared.  The light on the far right went out and another appeared or came off of the one next to it a little closer and then another appeared where the one on the far right was.  Then the one that appeared closer to the second one on the right disappeared. It reminded me of the lights one goes off then the next one goes on etc.  We watched for at least 20-30 seconds while stopped, the lig! hts on the far left stayed lit.  Then all at once nothing.  Just like nothing was ever there all at the same time gone. Just blinked out.  These lights were not moving and they did appear to be in a formation very evenly spaced.  They were over a farm field not very high in the sky and very close.  I am no good at trying to determine distance. If these lights were on something it was big. 1/2 the size to the size of a football field big.  They were NOT high in the sky like you would see a star.  I am still trying to wrap my head around this.  I got a very severe headache during and after this.  When we got home we went to our windows to see if there was anything there that we could see.  We do not live far from where the lights were and would have been able to see them from our windows.  I got ill and had to go to bed.  Had a very uneasy sick feeling all night. I do not get ill or have severe headaches from stress etc.  I feel we saw something and am not one to see somethin! g and just assume it is a ufo or a ghost or anything like that! .  I gre w up Air Force and know how F-16's, Blackhawks and the like maneuver, what are satellites  and even the space station or shuttle!    These were stationary.  25-30 degrees up is my guess. Can't rely on that though. I could go out there and show someone.  Sorry!  I also took pictures of something in Nov that I did not see when I took the pic.  But thought it could be ice crystals in clouds.  Father is/was a meteorologist. (Govt NOT tv) He thought it was a strange anomaly, and was not sure. He is not a photo expert. glare etc.  Going to try to post those now that we have seen what we have seen.;43.2424;-89.5117
