Came home late back in 98, to discover a bright glow from beyond the curtain... IN MY BACK YARD.;1998-07-30 22:00:00;40 seconds;Came home late back in 98, to discover a bright glow from beyond the curtain... IN MY BACK YARD. I never believed in UFOs until I saw one with my own eyes. Im coming out now because the UFO phenomenon is more plausible or accepted now, then it was back in the 90s. I was only a high school kid at the time and certain that any account I might have shared with anyone, would have been dismissed entirely. I feared judgement and ridicule therefore chose to avoid embarrassment and remain quiet instead. I spent years trying to forget about the event, and brush it off to possible exhaustion?  My home was in a convenient location for a landing, if there was one. I can NOT speculate this. My home sat on a common neighborhood street, but at the back side of the developed plot. Most homes had an alley, mine did not because there was a rutted out, grassed and brushed over, and mowed once a year.  What's more interesting about this area of land is that it nestles behind a long standing Ford dealership. Before Ford, the lot was a Drive-in Theater attraction. Leaving some speculation as to why any E.T. might have seen this as a past source of observation, likely to return for more data from the outdoor films being played. Another strange detail about the field is that one circle patch of trees always remained at center of this 10acre field. The maintenance mowed everything around it. In the center of the patch of trees, if an old house. Now in ruins and graffiti.  I was between the age of 16 and 18 at the time. This would roughly set our timeline between 1999 and 2001. Today, I simply can't remember if I was returning home from my restaurant job, if I had a job at all at that time... or commonly returning home from hanging out with local friends. I can NOT remember which. However, I was sober this night... leading me to believe that I was at work. Being sober then, is why I decided it's okay to make this report now.  I remember clearly it was summer, but not sure which month. It was somewhere between 9:30 and 10:30pm, approximately. Neither my brother, mother or step-father were home, the place was very quiet and dark.  Our home had a split/ half finished basement. This was where my younger brother and myself commonly separated from the parents. As usual, I would head down the stairs and turn on the lights, then the TV. On the far rear wall, adjacent the couch is a sliding glass door to the rear patio. Two long curtain panels cover the view from the inside.  Out of the corner of my eye, I see my cat looking at something from behind the curtain panel. I call to her, but she pays no attention to my calls. The movement of the curtain allowed me to visualize a glow from the back yard, yet... I don't remember ever turning that light on. Thinking I may have flipped a switch on accident, I go check the switch...and the ACTUAL light comes on. Creeped out and confused, I go to investigate the yard from the glass. When I peek from a sliver of opening... that's when I saw it, and I froze for several seconds, in shock.  I was in a wave of emotions all at once, because what I saw... was sci-fi. My yard only extends 20yards to the back of the property, where the empty field sits. Hovered at the property line, about 40ft off of the ground was the vessel. It was close enough to not be mistaken for anything OTHER than a UFO.  What I remember about it, was it's silence. It didn't make any sound except for a low level hum. It had the basic saucer shape commonly related to UFOs. It was silver/ metallic in color. On the wide brim, several lights were visible, of several various colors. If I would guess the color of the markers, I'd say orange, red, blue and yellow. They slowly and dimmly illuminated to no particular pattern that I could tell. I can't recall if they flashed, but there was definitely a fading pulse of brightness to the beat of the internal hum. It moved gracefully.  After the realization that I wasn't dreaming sat in, seconds later, I panicked and scurried to turn off all lights in fear that I might have been spotted witnessing them.  My cat remained fixed, so I felt a little silly from hunkering in a dark corner of the room. I gather my courage and zip back to the glass. This time, I slide the door open as the craft slowly hovers up and over the largest tree at the back of the yard, at the division fence of the next door neighbors yard. This was how I could determine the level of sound it emitted.  At this point, I realize that it's leaving and my fear quickly subsides. I must have blown it's cover. I'm not sure why this thing wasn't more stealthy than it apparently was.  Curiosity follows as I slowly slip onto the patio to catch one last gaze of what I expect to be a one time only experience. I keep the lights off to be incognito. I watched the UFO slowly ascend across the neighbors back yard, up above the house and very quickly out of view once it crossed over the roof and eastbound toward the mountain range. This maneuver is how I was able to determine that the vessel itself was similar in size to their house.  That was the only time that I've had an experience. There's no shame to explain this today. It shouldn't be a stigmatized taboo subject and should always be investigated ...openly.  However... Its fair to add, that I'm genetically hypersensitive, hyperactive and hyper-autoimmune. This invokes a high level of intelligence and a special ability to possess a sixth sense persay. Particularly to electrical waves and signals... including emotions.  A few examples: knowing your phone is about to ring, seconds before it rings. Computing math in unorthodox ways. Not understanding how you know certain things or able to make accurate predictions.  Currently, I often try to rationalize the UFO event by relating myself to it. Why MY house? Why ME? Well...there's a lot to unpack there. It extends through my ancestry of the lost ancient Pict tribes. Or maybe... Im not related to this at all.  Perhaps, the old drive-in was always a destination for these off-world visitors... or even earthly spies. Who's to say? Back then, now shuttered...our Dupont plant was a point of industrial complex and something of an ecological concern. Maybe it was just a random drop-in altogether? I just can't be certain to speculate.  Although, I've never reported this until now... I've always talked to close friends about the experience. Those who know me best, not to make such a thing up. The story hasn't changed one bit, as the memory of that faint yellow-green glow will always remain crystal clear.  I believe.;38.0704;-78.9066999999998
When I was 17, I came home from work around 10pm on a warm summer night in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia by the Blue Ridge Mountain;2000-07-10 22:00:00;2min;When I was 17, I came home from work around 10pm on a warm summer night in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia by the Blue Ridge Mountains. All of the lights were off in the house and nobody else was home. My house sat at the edge of a massive empty field that once was a location of the towns Drive-In Theater.  I did what I normally did, which was to go straight to my basement where I watched movies and played games. My cat, follows me down the dark stairway. I turn on the corner lamp next to the bar, by the back door. What happened next, I'll never forget…  The memory is clear as water in my mind. The cat wanders over to the shades, and I can see her staring contently through the glass and flipping her tail in that irritated manner, grumbling at something in the dark.I went to the sliding glass doors, unlocked and slid it open by half.  As she went out to the porch, I turned on the porch light. I stuck my neck out the doorway to take a glance around the yard, and immediately notice a ring of lights gleaming beyond the threshold, in the back right corner of my yard and the field beyond. Partially obscured by a single tree. I thought, maybe a flatbed truck back there?? That's all it could possibly be! Very quickly, this craft reacts to my sudden presence and began it's instant departure.  I believe it took notion to leave when my lights came on, but instead of driving off down through the grass, it lifted up into the air. I remember gazing I'm awe. It was silent, minus the low level hum it emitted. At this point, I'm nearly shitting my pants, and remember being worried about my cat outside. I jump behind the wall and unplug the lamp, so I couldn't be seen watching what it (the vessel) was doing. As I lean back to the doorway, I slide it shut. I'm nervous. Now, the UFO started to lift over my neighbors house, and this was when I could affectively step out and judge it's size.  It was similar in size to their middle class style 3BR. It never sped off, but slowly hovered over their roof and down the road out of my view. It's gone. At this point, I'm freaked out, thinking... They dropped one of em off. So I run inside, lock the doors, lights off. I literally hid in the corner behind the bar for about 20min.  I started thinking about alien sightings from the 50s and 60s and assuming this would be a typical visiting spot, given it's history as a Drive-in. If I was an alien or a spy.. and wanted to observe humans, I'd have taken advantage of such sights that a theater would provide and kept the coordinates on file. If the lights were off, the vessel could be hidden from view due to its highly reflective sheen of chrome, and sleek design.  This particular vessel, looked highly similar to the disk types, that we originally saw on television and such. I thought it would have been much bigger, as it seemed only large enough to fly one or two bodies somewhere in the center of the craft. It could have been a remote vehicle, with no pilot, as well. However, many others have reported that these smaller ones drop out of larger ones, which is likely.  There were several hues of dim pulsating marker lights around the outer rim. These lights, btw, seemed a little outdated for an alien craft. For a moment, I thought this was a government drone because of that single detail. This rim is also part of the vessel that spins as it lifts off. It seemed to be traveling from vacuum rather than propulsion. I couldn't be sure, only speculation.  Did I believe in aliens back then? Well, im not sure. It was Y2K. I kicked around on an Alien Workshop skateboard in my teens, drew their logo on paper a few times... but that's about the jest of my interest. I grew up watching X-files, but the production gave the subject matter a step into straight fiction. But I do remember trying to justify that I just saw a real UFO, and without a doubt... just 30-40yrds away from view.  Wasn't much longer, when the family was also arriving home. I tried emailing places I found on the internet a few times since (to tell my story) - with no response or further interest… not that I had much else to report on the matter. I never told my friends or family from fear of ridicule, as it was all deemed taboo to that generation.  Now, I'm pretty open about it, and people actually believe my account of the event. I'm pretty sure there aren't many landing sightings, on record. So I thought I'd share mine.;38.0704;-78.9066999999998
