On the evening of Nov 11th I was in my backyard with my dog and noticed how beautiful and clear the sky was.  When I looked to my left ;2001-11-11 23:40:00;ongoing;On the evening of Nov 11th I was in my backyard with my dog and noticed how beautiful and clear the sky was.  When I looked to my left a very bright blinking light caught my attention.  As I continued to stare at it I noticed it was blinking white with red lights.  I went into the house and told my brother about the star/planet, he looked out the bathroom window with me and at first thought it was a planet also.  After looking at it for a few moments, he said that's not a planet!  We grabbed my camera and a pair of binoculars and went around to the front of the house.  He looked through the binoculars while I took some pictures.  He asked me to look and see what I saw.  I described to him that I could see and object that had a bright white light in the center with red and blue/green lights on the tips and that the object appeared to be in a plate shape with a peak on the top.  Just at this time my daughter came home and we called her over to see.  Both she and her boyfriend described the same things we had seen.  I just could not believe my eyes.  I asked my daughter to go get my second floor tenant so he could also see what was in the sky.  He had the same observation as the rest of us.  Again looking through the binoculars I saw the object moving around rapidly but staying in the same area, which appears to be hovering in the same location for a long time. I again observed this sighting again the next night, but the object had moved northeast of my house.  My sister and her friend came over to see, they both described the same as all the others.  I went out again at 9:05pm with the dog, looking up in the dark starry sky I noticed several of these lights in different spots in the sky.  There appears to be at least 3 of these lights now hovering in the sky........I would really like to know what is going on.  I have now seen at least (4) objects within the last month.  One during the day as I travelled to work on the highway.  But I dismissed that as just an active imagination.  But now I and really concerned.  I hope there is and explaination for this....It's not easy to convince me of anything without proof, but it is hard not to believe my own eyes.;41.9511000000001;-71.413
Triangular craft hovered for awhile, then shot off northward;2005-01-08 00:15:00;0:10;Triangular craft hovered for awhile, then shot off northward A friend and I were on our way home from the movies.  We took the back roads home, which took us through the northern part of Cumberland, RI.  My friend happened to look up inthe sky and noticed a strange shaped aircraft in the sky.  I looked up, and saw it was triangular in shape, with bright white lights at each of the three corners.  There was also a slightly larger white light directly in the center.  It really caught out attention not because of its shape, but because it wasn't moving... it seemed to just hover in place for awhile.  After watching it (and the road), it picked up a tremendous amount of speed in a relatively short amount of time - heading northward.  There was only the one craft that we saw, and it didn't change shape, or release anything... nor did we experience any strange electrical or magnetic effects while driving.  The whole experience was just really strange.;41.9511000000001;-71.413
