I was doing some observations for my astronomy class tonight and I saw something very strange.  I was looking west about forty five deg;1999-10-05 21:00:00;30 seconds;I was doing some observations for my astronomy class tonight and I saw something very strange.  I was looking west about forty five degrees above the horizon, I was trying to identify some constellations for my astronomy project notebook.  I looked down at my star chart for a minute and then looked back up.  It was then that I saw the objects, I noticed them because they were moving across my field of vision right to left.  At first I thought it was a plane going really fast but there were no aircraft warning lights on them at all. What I saw was three spheres' all aligned vertically.  They were not bright at all, they seemed to be a dull gray with a haze around them. The objects were not bright like a star or meteor.  Once I realized they were not planes or a meteor I felt uneasy, I have never seen anything like them.  The three objects flew perfectly in a striaght line.  I ruled out a meteor because of the dull light and they flew straight.  The objects changed course almost vertical and disappeared, that is what freaked me out, they went straight up.  There is no way that was a meteor, military plane or weather balloon, I have never seen anything do that before.;36.7564554016622;-76.3036132963986
From a Senior Correctional Officers eyes, what I've seen one night at work!;2002-03-10 02:00:00;10 Minutes Tops;From a Senior Correctional Officers eyes, what I've seen one night at work! I was working one night at Indian Creek Correctional Center in Chesapeake, Va.  I was a Correctional Officer on duty, roving the outer perimeter that evening.  There was an air field near-by, where the military practice there training.  I do recall the military operating that evening, before I seen the bright lights in the sky.  It was approximately 1:30 a.m. when the military completed there training operations.  It remained silent that night, after the jet noise had stopped.  It was approximately 2:00 a.m. when I seen these bright lights hovering in mid-air, over a group of trees, near a open field adjacent from the compound.  The lights went from a dim sparkling light, to a bright strobe light.  The colors around the object where like the marvelous colors of a rainbow, but prettier.  In the center of the object was a white/bright blue light, almost like a welders arc.  These lights where changing colors rapidly!  My first reaction when I seen these bright lights, I took it as if it was just a military airplane at first. I said to my self, Wait a minute, that can't be an military aircraft because it is not moving at all!  So I immediately stopped roving, to make sure if what I saw in the sky was still a military jet.  To my knowledge, it did not appear to me as an airplane.  The cluster of lights where hovering in mid-air over the tree line.  I immediately put my truck in park, I took out my binoculars so I could get a better view of this object hovering amongst the trees.  As I proceed to look through my binoculars, there was an aura around the floating light.  I got on my radio, and asked the officer in the watch tower to step out onto the catwalk to confirm what I saw.  We both came to the conclusion, that it was not a military aicraft, so it had to have been something else.  The lights remained in the sky for about ten minutes or so, then it disappeared. This is not the first time I've seen something like this. I've seen green lights from the sky.  It started in 1997 and it still goes on now.  (green lights 1) The first time, was when I drove across the Campostella Bridge one night heading into Norfolk, Va. and out of no where this green flash of light lit up the night sky like it was daytime. It knocked out some power in the area. I thought it was just a flash of lightning, but there was no thunder following the powerful flash. I remember the clouds where really low that night, and the rain was misty.  (green lights 2) The second time, was when I went to visit my mother in Virginia Beach. The time was 8:00 p.m. it was cloudy that night as well. I remeber that it was raining that night, the rain was misty and the wind was blowing kind-of  mild. I was getting out of my car about to knock on the door, then out of no where this green light flashed for 2-3 seconds over my mothers house. I felt as if the flash of light had frozen me where I  stood and this warm sensation just went through my body.  My sister said she seen the same light one night, she asked me what it was.  I couldn't give her a answer, but I got a good Idea what it may be. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.7564554016622;-76.3036132963986
Five lights (looked like stars) moving south one behind the other and disappeared in succession.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-27 21:00:00;10 seconds;Five lights (looked like stars) moving south one behind the other and disappeared in succession. Was out on back porch and looked up toward the east.  The sky was clear and I saw about five lights, they looked exactly like stars, moving in a perfect line southbound.  The lights were perfectly distanced apart (about 20 feet) and appeared extremely high.  The lights were moving a bit faster than an airliner would fly at cruising altitude.  After about 10 seconds, the first light disappeared and the remaining lights all disappeared in succession at the same spot the first light disappeared.  The area where I live is near Fentress Airfield which is a landing practice field for the USN. I have been around military aircraft most of my life and know these lights were not known aircraft (civilian or military). There was no sound at the time.;36.7564554016622;-76.3036132963986
