2 credible witnesses saw a massive, V shaped UFO, appearing to bend the atmosphere while moving slowly overhead.;2016-06-15 20:00:00;10-12 seconds;2 credible witnesses saw a massive, &quotV&quot shaped UFO, appearing to bend the atmosphere while moving slowly overhead before spee Hello sir/madam/Mr. Davenport  I recently had dinner with friends.  He (38 yrs) works for the local school board.  His wife (34 yrs) is in retail management.  Neither of them is a 'believer' in UFOs.  During our dinner they told me of an incident that occurred in mid June. They were sitting by the fire in their yard after dinner.  After some time, the husband noticed in the sky what he described as a 'V'.  He said it looked almost like geese flying, in that the 'V' was so prominent, but that it wasn't geese, because it was way up in the sky, at least as high as an airplane would be, he said.   He also stated that although he couldn't see a back edge (completeing the triangle) he could tell it was more than just a V because he couldn't see the clouds through the area behind the V.  (I hope that makes sense). He and his wife both described the object as being at least 10 times bigger than an airplane, and dead silent.   He told me that they both sat in their chairs, looking up at the object in disbelief and wonder.  He stated that it appeared to bending the atmosphere.   They both stated that it was moving, but agreed that it was moving far too slowly to be anything they're ever seen before, and that as they sat there watching the object, it went from barely moving (for 8 - 10 seconds) to flying away faster than anything they'd ever seen, until it was out of sight (1 - 2 seconds). As I stated, neither of them are believers, yet have no guesses as to what they saw.  They didn't say maybe a satellite.  Maybe a drone.  They were just puzzled, and thinking/hoping I might have some answers.  (I'm 'that guy' among our friends/family). My answer for them was to contact the fine folks at NUFORC and file a report, but it was obvious to me that they weren't going to do that.  In fact, me mentioning it to them pretty much ended the discussion.  Stigma, my guess.  You know how it is. So, I thought the least I should do is inform you.  For your records, and such.  I have known the fellow for over 20 years.  He isn't going to lie me about this, or anything else, to be honest.  These are good, honest people. I hope this report is either helpful or useful, and at the very least, is not a waste of your time.  I very much appreciate what you!  *I will be filling out the contact info with my information. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));43.0347;-80.8780999999999
