Fireball accross sky, didnt seem like meteor.;2008-10-23 21:05:00;5-7 seconds;Fireball accross sky, didnt seem like meteor. My brother, his girlfriend and I were sitting down in living room to watch ER at 9 p.m. and as the first commercial started after the intro my brother walked into the kitchen.  While he was in there his girlfriend and I saw something flying east.  At first I thought it was a low plane, but it was very bright and unfortunately I wasn't able to see much from where I was sitting in the living room.  But his girfriend didnt think it was a meteor because in her words the flame pretty long.  And it was somewhat slow.  I wished I could have seen more, and there were no reports the next day. The reason I post this is because a similar event was posted by a witness in Dekalb that same night.;40.9509;-90.3658
Fire spots with sparks in the southern sky - several miles to the south and pretty high in sky (45 degree angle from ground?);2019-04-16 21:30:00;5 minutes;Fire spots with sparks in the southern sky - several miles to the south and pretty high in sky (45 degree angle from ground?) I really don't know that i believe in UFOs but I have not found an explanation of what i saw. i live in the country. It's pretty flat around my house.  I had taken the dogs out. and noticed some strange lights to the south several miles away and pretty high in sky (maybe 45 degree angle from ground).  there was large cloud cover on the lower part of the horizon, but just above the clouds is where i saw the strange orangish lights.  Actually, i was wondering if something on a plane was on fire because of the orange color and looked like orange sparks erupting too....kinda like a few cheap dud fireworks (but too high up for fireworks & sparks stayed just around the source....but then as i watched ...maybe 5 min max....  there seemed to be several orange sources that darted up and down and would disappear momentarily down in the clouds but then popped back out. when i first saw the lights they were to the south east of our house, but they moved on west and then disappeared into the cloud cover.  the lights didn't go in a straight line like planes and helicopters or meteors/shooting stars do in the night sky.   the lights darted all around moving from east to west up and down and in and out of the line of cloud cover...like fire spots in the sky with sparks.  I really couldn't make out any shape.  they finally disappeared and i went back inside.   I searched for others who maybe saw the lights to explain it away as it was very noticable from my view....but haven't been able to find anyone seeing what i saw... i can only think i was at a good vantage point and could see about the line of clouds on the south horizon?? i'd really love to have someone know what i was seeing. I did get a couple very short videos and photo with my iphone7.;40.9509;-90.3658
