Small black obect, pointed at end flying in a striaght line, no exhaust or sound emitted.;2008-12-31 16:30:00;1 Minute;Small black obect, pointed at end flying in a striaght line, no exhaust or sound emitted. Seen in evening sky: A small back object with no wing structure pointed on the end like this  Altitude aprox 1000-2500 foot.  Speed aprox. 600-1000 mph.  No sound or exhaust fumes emitted from craft.  Flown in straight line across sky untill out of feild of vision. To low to be jet, no major airports within 40 miles and was black in color, not silver, so it wouldnt of been an airliner.;40.9509;-90.3658
Something really freaky has been happening to me and my girlfriend. There's a pretty large lake hearing Galesburg. We like to go on wal;2020-07-02 22:18:00;15mins;Something really freaky has been happening to me and my girlfriend.  There's a pretty large lake hearing Galesburg.  We like to go on walks at night out there and never had any problems other than raccoons pestering us.  So about 2 weeks ago we get to this really dark part of the trails that's kind of deeper in the woods.  And we heard something very large falling like it's going to land on our heads.  I yanked her out of the way and look back and see something almost hit the ground but don't.  I don't know how else to explain it but then it was gone.  I chalked it up as Shadows playing tricks on me or something.  She thought it was weird and she doesn't believe in anything paranormal, UFO, or spiritual related.  Then a few days after that we are walking again and something very similar happens you can hear something dripping through the trees kind of violently.  Every time we just kind of brush it off but we're really freaked out.  So then just a few days ago we go ou! t walking again and get to the same exact spot on the trail.  And we look up and there is something about 4 ft tall standing maybe 30 feet in front of us. At first I thought it might have possibly been a deer but she seen it too.  I told her to give me her flashlight really fast.  She gave it to me I shined up it was no deer.  Before I could even get a flashlight on it this thing was ripping through the woods at a very fast pace.  I don't know who to call.  The police would all think I'm a crazy person and I don't want to jeopardize my family.  Unless there is a methed out naked midget in the woods throwing stuff and stalking us I don't know what else to say.  We are really freaked out. We have encountered something in the same spot three different times.  This location is the Deep spot of the Woods at Lake Storey on the far end like you were heading out towards the country.  I know whoever is reading this probably thinks I'm a nut and I would too.  I've talked to a few people and one person told me to call you all.;40.9509;-90.3658
