Lady Drives Underneath A  Disk Hovering Over Highway;1994-06-01 06:30:00;2 Minutes;Lady Drives Underneath A  Disk Hovering Over Highway Thank you for reading this report.  My report concerns a sighting by a very close long-time friend of my family whom we regard as a very honest and trustworthy person who lives outside of Scottsville, Kentucky.  She told the following story to my late Grandmother only because she trusted her, and she truly believed that nobody else would believe her fantastic story.  My Grandmother told me the story a little later on.  I, as a person who has witnessed a UFO up close before, did believe her story.  I cannot be sure about the exact date of her sighting, but I do know that it was sometime around the middle of the 1990's.  So I used the date of 1994 to be as close to the accurate date as possible.  This lady who saw the object lives directly beside my late Grandmother's residence in Scottsville.  Anyway, as she told it she was driving to work early one morning from her home in Scottsville to her job in Franklin, Kentucky.  Her travel route takes her from the old White Plains road exit in Scottsville that leads directly into Franklin about twenty-four miles away.  She works in a medical facility there.  Shortly after she has crossed the Allen County line into Simpson County she said that she looked ahead of her through her automobile windshield and noticed something rather odd.  It seemed that something was sitting out in the middle of the road directly in front of her line of sight.  After slowing her automobile down she finally saw that the object was indeed a perfectly shaped disk, and it was hovering directly over the road ahead of her.  The disk was hovering low to the ground and was very silent-no noise at all.  Being alone, she did not want to stop and investigate, so she just kept driving slowly and passed directly underneath the disk.  The lady said that as she drove underneath the object she looked up at it and saw that is was definately a disk and somewhat large.  We did believe her story because I can tell you for a fact that she is a lady of honesty and integrity as was stated above.  There is absolutely no way that she would ever make up a story such as this.  She stated that! she had never seen anything like this disk shaped object before, and had no idea of what it was or where it came from.  I do wish my name to remain anonymous in this report.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));36.7254;-86.57
