Round Disk;1974-05-01 17:00:00;5 minutes;Round Disk Franklin Ky, xxxx Chestnut Street (1974) late spring/early summer, Seen by three people (ages 6, 10 & 12).. About an hour or so before sunset as we was playing in the yard..  We seen a object,  round in shape, about 6 to 8 feet in dynamiter (just bigger than the pitcher’s mound that it hovered over),   As I remember the object was no more than 4 to 6 ft. thick, no lights as I recall but a dull/shiny finish lol  The object hovered above a baseball diamond/pitcher’s mound.. I would say maybe 3 to 4 foot off of the ground.. The baseball field  was about 100 yards away from our location.. The field is there to this day and is still being used by the high school..  Not sure which one of us seen it first but I recall running to the far end of the house to hide and watch the object.. The baseball field is on the back side of the house,  At the time the lot behind the house was empty (no house on it)  with a street then the baseball field.  We observed this object for what I would guess to be about 3 to 5 mins  as it hovered in one spot over the pitcher’s mound. It did not make any noise of any kind and did not blow dust from the pitcher’s mound,  When it did move, it moved very slowly away from us or to the outfield and raised slowly as well until it cleared the tree line that was about 1000 to 1500 yards back  away from the pitcher’s mound,  Then we was unable to see it anymore.  When my Dad got home a short time later and I was telling him about it he laugh and told me to call the police and gave me the number,  So I called and told them as best as I could for my age,!  But hung up when they started asking questions lol (I was 6 yrs old) there may be a record of the call IDK.. That was 39 years ago and it has made such an impact on me that to this day I look for anything that comes close to what I saw.  I do fly on helicopter on a regular bases and that’s not what I saw and it was not a air plane.. So I just don’t know what it was.. Thanks for your time.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));36.7254;-86.57
