UFO seen by two well grounded college educated individuals;2004-01-12 22:30:00;20 mins;UFO seen by two well grounded college educated individuals We were driving home from Des Moines, IA, Southbound Interstate 35, when we saw out of the front of the car what appeared to us to be an increadibly bright star.  It was apparant to me and my roommate (who was driving) that it was not a star due to it's brightness.  At first we thought it was a standard civilian aircraft but there were no flashing lights and it was not moving.  As we drove closer we saw that it was clearly a floating object in the sky.  We got closer and we could clearly see the craft from the underside, it was a rounded triangular shape with three very distinct pure white lights forming from the center out to the points of the craft with one blinking red light between back two lights.  The lights had no halo as you would see on any other lights that we would know of, I could clearly see the edges of the craft beyond the lights.  It was close enough to the car that we had to strain our necks to get a good enough angle to look up at it.  The only point of reference that we had to the height that it was flying was a near by radio tower that had one light at the top. My best estimate for how high it was flying was anywhere from 50 to 300 feet above ground.  As soon as we passed the object we decided to pull the car over and see what was happening.  We got out of the car and no more than two second after we exited the vehicle we looked at the craft when it hovered for less than a second and sped away from a dead stop covering a span of many miles in a very short amount of time.  We were outside of the car for (our most generous estimate)no more than ten seconds when we got back in the car.  There were commercial aircraft in the area, most likely in approach to Des Moines.  The object caught up with one of the aircraft almost instantaneously then turned and headed away. My roommate informed me that he looked at the clock in his car before we stopped the vehicle and it read 10:30 p.m., when we got back in the car after ten seconds of being out of it we both looked at the clock! and it read 10:50 p.m.  My roommate is a college graduate currently looking into ((deleted)) schools and holding a supervisory position at a local ((deleted)).  I am a current college student anticipating joining the military and earning additional degrees in either ((deleted)) or ((deleted)), then later attending law school.  We both intend to go into politics.  My parents are well grounded people who do not believe in UFO's, my father is a ((professional)) my mother is a ((professional)).  My grandfather on my mothers side was at one point the head of the ((public facility)) of Iowa. My roomates father works for ((technology company)) as a consultant, his mother is a secretary for the local ((public office)) in Illinois.;41.2072;-93.836
MUFON/IOWA Report: 1/13/2004 3:25:05 AM 03:25.  Investigated by Iowa MUFON,Beverly Trout and Pam Brackenbury.;2004-01-12 22:30:00;2 minutes;PREVIOUSLY REPORTED TO NUFORC: 1/13/2004 3:25:05 AM 03:25.  Investigated by Iowa MUFON,Beverly Trout and Pam Brackenbury.  Described as rounded triangle, (hovering when first seen)  on west side of I-35 southbound lanes,near the Truro, Iowa Exit, with no flashing lights, no sound, and close enough that witnesses were viewing the underside of the object, estimated at 50-300 feet in altitutde. (Altitude was estimated based on a nearby radio tower. [NOTE:  There were 3 white triangular-shaped lights (and this is the second case we've investigated recently where lights on a triangle are described as triangular in shape instead of circular)with the longer leg of each triangular light following the outline of the side of the object (where the light is positioned) rather than being positioned at the apices.] One circular red light is reported between two of the triangular white lights. Witnesses stopped the car as soon as they had passed the object, got out seemingly for perhaps 10 seconds, and were astounded when they got back in the car to discover the car clock now read 10:57 p.m.  [NOTE: This is a time scenario which seems to contradict the 10:13 p.m.time-stamped sales ticket from a Walmart store just before they left to drive the 26 miles to the Truro exit...i.e. it should have taken no more than (at most) 25 minutes to reach the Truro exit, and there is a 44 minute time-span to consider]  When the 2 witnesses got out of their car, in a few seconds the hovering object sped away to the north and almost instanteously approached an airliner on approach to the Des Moines Airport, then turned and headed away.  Only one of the 2 witnesses was interviewed, the other witness was out of town and has not contacted investigators to set up an interview - and this is often the case where one witness is willing to talk, but a second witness may be somewhat hesitant. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Beverly Trout and Pam Brackenbury, of MUFON/IOWA, for following up on the case, and for their follow-up report.  PD));41.2072;-93.836
