10 perfectly spaced bright golden orange orbs as big as the sun changed from an E-W to a N-S position in the blink of an eye.;2012-09-12 20:00:00;45 seconds;10 perfectly spaced bright golden orange orbs as big as the sun changed from an E-W to a N-S position  in the blink of an eye. September ?? 2012, I was riding my bike at about sunset with two friends in our 55 and up neighborhood.  I stopped at my driveway thinking that was the end of our trip when they both rode past me. Facing south I noticed something in the sky.  There were 10 bright golden orange orbs as big as the sun that was by now below the horizon perfectly spaced (East to West) in a horizontal manner.  I did not see a ship, but they were so evenly spaced, they looked like they had to be attached to something.  Though the lights were very bright it did not hurt my eyes which I remember thinking was very strange.  When my friends got to the end of the street, they realized I wasn’t following and stopped and looked back at me.  I pointed skyward and tried to tell them to look up so that they could see what I was looking at.  No matter what I did I couldn’t make them understand what I was trying to say.  This was very frustrating for me.   Suddenly the lights all shifted in the blink of an eye from an East-West position, to a North-South position, and disappeared.  They were still perfectly evenly spaced so much so that you would know that they must be attached to something.  And whatever that something may be, it would have to be huge bigger than anything that we have created, even bigger than 5 aircraft carriers.  Maybe even as big as a small town.  I was so shaken by this incident and my friends actually laughed at me because I couldn’t make them understand that I wasn’t joking.   For the next couple of days, I scoured the internet hoping to find that someone else in my area may have reported a similar incident.  There was a report in a town about 10 miles from here of glowing objects in the sky which made me feel a little better even though they were the wrong color (for they had seen red lights).  I decided to report the sighting to Mufon, but was unable to finish the form as they were asking for information I could not give, such as distance or the approximate size of the craft which I could not determine. The closest thing that I have found on the internet as of yet, to this sighting would be the Phoenix Lights.   Within a couple of days of attempting to report this incident on Mufon, I was startled by the deafening sound of a large black unmarked helicopter with a large gun attached.  It contained two men wearing black.  At first I thought it was a police helicopter looking for someone going through the neighborhood, but there was no insignia on the helicopter or the clothing the occupants.  I had never seen a helicopter like this before.  I could see the faces of the men as it hovered about 30 feet off of the ground, but never landed.  It stayed in that position for about 15 minutes, and then suddenly left.  I didn’t connect the two incidents initially, but now I wonder. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));28.0246320566199;-81.7376520399683
Orange ball splitting into several oblects.;2017-08-19 10:30:00;10 minutes;Orange ball splitting into several oblects Started out as am orange red ball just sitting there.  Then it broke apart into a bunch of smaller lights (5-7), almost in a formation.  They came back together, and then split apart again, before disappearing into the southern skies.;28.0246320566199;-81.7376520399683
