Temporary total electrical failure residentail lights out vehicle disabled everything came back on after a short time.;1981-07-15 21:00:00;30 minutes;temporary total electrical failure residentail lights out vehicle disabled everything came back on after a short time My best frind at the time and I were returning to his house in the NW area of Winter Haven, FL, from Night classes at Ridge VoTec and in a residential area my pick-up truck suddenly quit just like a total electrical failure (no battery, lights ign. etc) and the Street lights above and houses all around went out too.  I thought it was an EMP, ((male name deleted)) (my friend) didn't have any idea, so we stood there talking in the dark waiting to see what happened next, someone either from a house or walking by stopped and talked with up, after about a half hour everything lit back up, and my truck restarted and worked as if nothing had happened at all.  We were finishing up a two year course in HD Truck & Bis mechanics, so we had a pretty good handle on how a vehicle worked and how to repair it, neither of us found any fault other than no power to the system, and we restarted without a jump or push starting it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));28.0246320566199;-81.7376520399683
Perhaps a Large Cloaked Craft in Winter Haven;2014-09-20 21:30:00;10 seconds;Perhaps a Large Cloaked Craft in Winter Haven Saturday, September 20th around 9:30 PM, Winter Haven Florida  Partly cloudy to the west (Light wispy clouds) with a full cloud bank moving in from the west ... Looking overhead, we were right on the edge between the two. Wife & I were out walking the dog when we both noticed a distortion or wave in the sky overhead.  Neither of us was looking up at the time but is was so large & distinct, we caught it out of our peripheral vision. Looking up we see 15+ faint lights in a perfect bow or arc shape approximately 2000ft up & almost directly overhead ...  All the light were very dim but perfectly equal distant from each other.  The total distance of the arc from end to end was 300+ feet and making absolutely no sound at all. We watched it as it moved towards the south for approx 4 to 5 secs ... I would estimate it moved a couple of miles in that time ... And at that point, the lights just disappeared ... Not that it had moved so far that we couldn't have seen them ... But the lights just seemed to be blocked from our view once it moved out that far. Total time of the sighting was no more than 10 seconds. Above is what we seen as best I can describe ... The rest is pure speculation on my part. I believe what we seen was some type of a cloaked craft ... As I stated all we could really make out when we looked up were these faint lights ... But I believe what we were seeing was just the leading edge of a larger craft (Most likely circular in shape) ... And I say this because the distortion we first notice was large & round'ish in shape ... I would describe it as what you would see if you were looking at a still pool of water and then throwing a rock into it ... Undulating waves. But by the time we looked up that distortion had cleared and all we could make out at that point was this large faint arc of lights. Secondly, as this thing moved to the point where the light just seemed to disappear. I believe what happened was that as it moved to the south our viewing angle changed so we were now looking at the back of this craft ... And our view of the back was blocking our view of those leading edge lights.;28.0246320566199;-81.7376520399683
Spotted ten red star-like lights in the sky.  The stars formed an oval that burned as it entered the atmosphere. UFO then broke apart.;2017-11-25 23:35:00;7 minutes;Spotted ten red star-like lights in the sky.  The stars formed an oval that burned as it entered the atmosphere.  UFO then broke apart. The three of us were playing Freeze Tag among other outdoor games while our families remained indoors during a party.  One of us pointed out a cluster of maybe 10 red lights among a couple of white lights near the star Polaris.  I thought it was a really clear night and we were looking at the constellation of the little dipper.  We thought the little dipper had red stars...until they started moving.  The red lights flickered and moved around each other, as if they were weaving between themselves.  After about two minutes, we noticed that there was one cluster of red stars.  It was like a circle of four, very tight knit red lights. This cluster moved over Polaris, and we were absolutely shocked that it blocked the star.  All the red lights began to move towards each other, towards this cluster. The friend that noticed the red lights ran indoors to retrieve his phone to take a picture, and I tried shouting to him to come back something weird was occuring.  Within ten seconds of our friend being gone, every red light added on to the cluster, creating a sort of 'pinecone' of red lights.  They were together, but you could clearly see that there was a black line or space between each light.  It was ovular, being thinner at the top and thicker in the middle. Two or three lights in this pinecone of red light would flash white before turning back to red.  Most of the lights flashed eventually, some did not. Our friend ran back outside and exclaimed in fear, we were all excited and scared at the events unfolding before our eyes.  The red craft moved suddenly down, further and further until it was nearly out of view behind a neighbor's house.  As the craft moved further down, it caught on fire at the bottom as it entered the Earth's atmosphere.  It couldn't have been a weather balloon or asteroid, nothing we thought of convinced us rational explanations didn't sound convincing.  The craft then practically disintegrated in nearly 20, if not more, red lights that seemed to fall. We ran backwards as they continued to fall and turn white.  The lights then disappeared.;28.0246320566199;-81.7376520399683
