we were on our way home on saturday night august 18th 2007 approximately 9:45p.m..  we were on rt. 22 headed north between westport ny;2007-08-18 21:45:00;4-5 miles;we were on our way home on saturday night august 18th 2007 approximately 9:45p.m..  we were on rt. 22 headed north between westport ny and port henry ny. a pretty desolate section of the road that follows lake champlain.  all of a sudden my fiancee said what the h--- is that??? its a light..... it was a light he had never seen in his life. so as i had a car behind me, i said i couldnt see ( i was driving), so he said pull over and i did. of course i had no idea what he was seeing or i never would have stopped! the car behind me almost ran into me as it was going by me. i bent forward in the seat and looked out his passenger side window and saw what i would only describe as a ufo. it was saucer like looking, a fuzzy, foggy kind of light. and it was hovering as it was getting closer and closer. there was no noise. and it was jet black everywhere around it. i only looked once, and i floored it out of there. my fiancee was trying to take pictures of it, but none came out, but i would not slow down and he was shaking, so its not wonder.  i was scared as he was trying to take them with a flash!?!!?i have never been so scared in my whole life, ever! it was a very helpless feeling and eerie. i sped all the way to town which was about 4 miles?? it appreared to be chasing our car? and keeping up real easy. it was at tree height, until it went straight up over the car (and at that time i honestly thought we were going to get sucked up by it!!)and then we were in town and it was never seen again. thank god! we both have a hard time sleeping at night now. i feel unfortunate to have had to have had to witness that at all. i emailed a few people about this incident and one was my cousin from willsboro ny and she called me up right away and said that a boy who works on her husbands farm had said he had seen a ufo on that friday night and went to work there on saturday morning and told her husband. they kinda laughed and shrugged it off till she heard what i had to say about the next night. we still have! yet to talk to that boy and see just what and where he saw it also. we're working on that.............;44.205;-73.4702
