Grape like object seen hovering in Chiloquin, Oregon.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report by Mr. Ron Wright, experienced UFO investigator.  PD));2017-04-30 04:25:00;2-3 seconds;Grape Like Object Seen Hovering in Chiloquin, Oregon. This investigator received a call from a neighbor on the following incident.  I have known my neighbor for several years, a former Vietnam combat Marine and former police officer. His wife gave me the following statement of her encounter of the early morning of April 30th, 2017. WITNESS WRITTEN STATEMENT I got up around  4:20 am Sunday April 30, to let the dogs out, and use the restroom. As I was in the rest room looking out the window, I noticed a light flash on above the trees... This was odd, as there was no lights indicating that it was a Airplane,  it was to low, and stationary right above the tree line. The object lit up  for about 2-3 seconds,  then went pitch black. It was about  200 yards away to the northside of our house. And it was close to 150yds off the ground.  I waited for close to 15 minutes after the light appeared, it didn't turn on again. The object looked the color and shape of a golden raspberry, with a red glow around each light. I didn't have the colors to match what I saw, but this is as close as I could get. The size from where I saw it, would be compared to a large  truck, dodge ram, or a large tractor. That's about all I can say about it, it was dark so I couldn't tell if it had moved away while not lit?  INVESTIGATOR'S SUMMARY I interviewed my neighbor's wife on her encounter a couple of days after her sighting, she pointed to the NNE area where she spotted the lights about 20-25 degrees off the horizon hovering above the Ponderosa trees which average about 75 to 100 feet. She stated the object was hovering just above the trees at a distant of 200 yards at most then as close as 150 yards. Both the witness and her husband are active sport shooters and can estimate distance very well. Again, the size was that of a large truck or tractor. The area is very rural, sparse houses in area, fields and trees, and mostly ranching. The cross roads would have been Elde and Chukkar with the main road east which would have been Sprague River Road. No sound from the object, witness stated object lit up for about 2-3 seconds, I then asked her could it had been a reflection in her bathroom window, she said No, because it lit the tops of the trees up! No one else in the general area came forward as to seeing the lights, but the husband of the witness said he had seen a 'white orb' silent moving across the sky in which he could not explain a few days after his wife's sighting. Kingsley Field which houses the 173rd Fighter Group in Klamath Falls, Oregon does night training as well as day flights, but witness was sure this was not a USAF fighter plane or a civilian aircraft. This area is also known to have military helicopters fly missions, it was not helicopters she said. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to Mr. Ron Wright, a skilled and experienced UFO investigator in Sprague River, Oregon, for preparing this report, and submitting it to our Center.  We encourage anyone who has information about this case, or any other case in Southern Oregon, to contact Mr. Wright, using the following contact information:  P. O. Box 2 Sprague River, OR 97639 (971) 237-7828 rw@lonewolfslodge.biz.  PD));42.5463;-121.745
