Millville, PA, crowd witnesses 3 red lights hovering the sky, then watches as these light disappear, reappear, then disappear agin.;2010-07-10 00:00:00;1 hour;Millville, PA, crowd witnesses 3 red lights hovering the sky, then watches as these light disappear, reappear, then disappear again. During the July/10/2010 Fireworks display in Millville, PA.   The entire crowd witnessed 3 mysterious red lights in the sky.   Prior to the fireworks beginning the lights were in a horizontal row evenly spaced apart.   As we all watched, these 3 lights moved at a very fast speed upward.  They got about a mile up in the sky (which took seconds) the first red light took off into the sky in the blink of an eye and disappeared.  The remaining 2 red lights just hovered there for about 10 minutes or so.   Meanwhile we saw 2 or 3 much smaller red, white, and blue flashing lights come across the sky.  It appeared they were trying to find out what was up there but they also just took off, not up into the sky but, to the left in seconds they were gone.  After the red, white, and blue aircraft left, the red lights took off, and disappeared into thin air.  The fireworks display began and all of a sudden the 2 red lights appeared again to the right of the display.   Again they just hovered there in perfect distance apart horizontally as if they were watching the fireworks.  I tried the whole time to get this on video with my phone though the lights could not be picked up on my camera.   I do have the video of me trying, and what everyone was saying.   When the fireworks were over, the lights took off and disappeared.   This really freaked everyone out, and we would like to know what it was.  They were way too high in the sky and way too fast to be any kind of aircraft we have.   These red lights had to have been 3 or even 4 times the size of the smaller red, white and blue flashing lights.;41.1282;-76.522
3 red lights viewed for 1 hour over central PA;2010-07-10 23:30:00;1 hour;3 red lights viewed for 1 hour over central PA At approximately 23:30, July 10th, 3 families prepared to view the Millville carnival fireworks.   As we looked into the sky we saw 3 red circle lights NW of our position.  The lights stayed in the sky not moving.  1 of the 3 lights vanished after a few minutes.  As the fireworks began to the N approximately 4 miles away, 1 of the 2 lights moved downward in the sky to near the horizon and they then both vanished from view. A few minutes later, while watching the fireworks, 2 of the red lights reappeared directly behind the fireworks to the N.  They proceeded to move SW from that position very slowly in a somewhat erratic pattern (not like a helicopter or plane).  They moved from the horizon to near their original position from earlier. The 2 lights hovered in the same position for another 5-10 minutes.  They would move closer together or apart from time to time.  They then dimmed and vanished as the fireworks display ended. They were definitely not part of the display as or video footage shows, they were separate and deliberate in their movements.;41.1282;-76.522
