2 lights the danced over the fireworks in millville PA;2010-07-10 00:50:00;one hour;2 lights the danced over the fireworks in millville PA A friend of mine and I attend the fireworks show in the town specified in the report I had filled out above.   Appox. 20 mins after the start of the show we headed back to the car as to NOT end up stuck in traffic.  There was an enormous crowd, so the amount of people who actually witnessed this is undeterminable.  After reaching the other side of the parking lot, I looked up in the sky and noticed two red lights hovering. The lights hung in the sky silently.  They would pulsate with one another in a way that almost made you think they would have to be connected.  Because when they pulsed they also moved.  They moved in a way though that I can only describe to you as the way to opposite ends of a compass would move.  In this bending flux. After about  10-15 mins of watching these lights, they changed position once again very smoothly hovering and gliding.  It was almost like they had no gravity to govern the movement.   As when they started they were parralell to one another the light on the left then came down below the light on the right and once again they hung there just like like for what  had to be 20 more mins.  After a while they changed position again back to being paralell with one another. Then the fireworks show ended and what couldn’t have been more than a min after they began to change color and in an instant they were bright little yellow orbs but it wasn’t so much that they got dim or changed color but more like they got father away from us very quickly.  And just after that happened they ascended straight up into the sky gaining altitude in a way that I’ve never seen anything in my entire life move.  There was no ascending angles or noise from engines gearing up.  They just went straight up and were gone.  We waited for a long time after that to see if we could see them come back but they didn’t.;41.1282;-76.522
