Really large bright red light.  Within seconds of looking at it, a small red light came off of it and flew away.  ((anonymous report));2017-10-21 20:45:00;<1 minute;Driving down Eureka near the mall my husband, my son, and myself witnessed what at first we thought might be a drone.  It was a really large bright red light.  Within seconds of looking at it a small red light came off of it and flew away.  Then that happened two more times.  After that the big red light that didn't move disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.2316;-83.2659
Orb or craft high in night sky. Oct 7, 2018.  ((anonymous report));2018-10-07 04:00:00;10 minutes?;Orb or craft high in night sky. Oct 7, 2018 It was on, or about, Oct. 7th, 2018.  Around 4am.  Or 04:00 for those in military time.  I was noticing how clear the sky was.  It hadn't been for some time now.  Missed the meteor shower due to clouds and light rain.  I saw something moving high in the sky.  It looked like a star, or planet.  Good sized, like a small moon. I'm familiar with the space station, so I knew it wasn't that.  Plus, it was white and large.  The light it exuded was a filtered or muted white.  Kind of like the moon, compared to a light on a plane.  Round in shape like a big star.  No twinkling or variation in light. It stayed steady and slow moving.  Nothing blinking.  Just a solid white orb, out cruising before sunrise. It was traveling E- SE at a smooth click.  Watched it as long as I could before it was blocked by the neighbors tree.  A few minutes passed and, I decided to check an app on my iPad, Starguide.  Nothing showing there.  And it shows space debris if it's passing. Also, I checked flight radar.  Nothing on that path.  It was a good sized, orb, I guess you could say.  I'm not sure how to really describe it.  It was bigger than, Venus and, Jupiter.  Very visible.  If it was a craft, it was HUGE.  I'm talking, Independance Day, huge.  If you catch my drift.  It was high enough to know it was pretty large in comparison to the stars. I haven't seen anyone posting anything about it yet, online.  I know, I wasn't seeing things. But, I do know, we aren't alone. About 11 yrs. ago, my Husband and, I were outside watching the sky.  And the same type of round circle, in the sky.  It was so far up, I was amazed we were able to make it out.  It was way, WAY, larger than this one.  Same description, only much more dull, compared to this newest sighting. I am not making any of this up either.  We were able to see it pinging around in a circular motion.  As if it were a pinball bouncing between bumpers.  Only it was stars that were around it.  It was fairly fast in this motion but so dim, we could just barely make it out. Also, dim because it was so high in the sky.  By rights we shouldn't have seen it really. Good thing it was a clear night. I can't even begin to describe how high it was. And, if it was that big, OMG…  I'm scared of the possibilities.  It was kind of hard to wrap my own head around what we were seeing. My husband and I, both, said do you see that?  Yeah, I see it.  What are we seeing?!  It was so amazing. I will never forget it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.2316;-83.2659
