Yellow-Orange glowing sphere and two smaller spheres chasing each other;2013-08-06 22:40:00;2-3 minutes;Yellow-Orange glowing sphere and two smaller spheres chasing each other August 6th 2013, around 10:40 p.m.  I was outside playing guitar and having my “before bedtime” cigarette as I do every single night. I had finished playing a song, picked up my cigarette, and looked up at the first brightest star that caught my eye (the star I have since identified as Vega).  As I was looking at it, something caught my eye underneath it, and I averted my gaze.  The moving object was as bright as Vega, but had to have appeared out of nowhere seeing as how it would have otherwise caught my eyes first. 	At first glance I thought it was a satellite (It could not have been a plane because I can identify when something is or not).  As I was watching the object move, it quickly flashed white and immediately after started to glow a yellow-orange color, but the glowing grew in size.  Now if you take a nickel between your thumb and forefinger and extend your arm, that is how big the object appeared to be glowing.  It continued on like this for about six to eight seconds before returning to its previous state. 	As soon as the object had returned to its normal size and shape, another moving object appeared almost in the same place as the first, but was not as bright.  This one followed the same path as the first object.  Now the distance between the two, I measured with my pinky finger and my thumb on my left hand.  The degree (relative to my hand and extended arm) was a little over 90 degrees.  The second object did not flash or glow or even grow in size, but six seconds after the second, appeared the third object.  This one was around 1.5 to 2 inches (using tip of thumb to first thumb knuckle to measure) behind the second object.  They all appeared to be following each other and they all originated from the same vicinity, roughly 2.5 inches underneath Vega. 	After all three objects disappeared out of sight, I told my wife to look up the UFO hotline number and I called and left my message.  Definitely a strange experience, and one of many I’ll never forget.;38.8367;-84.6913
