totally black object in the sky;1977-05-25 01:00:00;20 min.;totally black object in the sky I,m not sure why i'm doing this... My friend and I were returning from a county or state fair.  I would need to look up the road and state highways in the area to to exact about this. On the way back home, on the crest of hills, we noticed a black hole in the sky. It was a moonless, totally clear night with nothing but stars in the sky. On the way home, we started noting this hole in the sky. As we approached our turn-off, we decided our path was going to take us directly under the object we had been seeing for miles. It was just a couple of miles outside town that we drove almost directly under the object. I pulled onto the shoulder of the road, and we both got out of the car to check it out. I, being a tough guy, picked up a rock and threated to throw it at the object, directly over-head. My friend freaked-out and begged me not to, though I was also afraid and didn't really plan on throwing the rock. We stood there for a minute or two, looking at this black hole in the sky, got back in the car and went home. That is all. I would say the object was 100-150 yds. long. It was 30+ yds. wide, larger than a football field I think. It had no lights of any kind at all. It made no sound at all. I can not explain what it was, even by todays technology. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.4241;-87.6871
Silent blimp directly above us. No sound or movement or reason. Middle of nowhere. Totally strange.;1978-06-01 01:00:00;30+ min;Silent blimp directly above us. No sound or movement or reason. Middle of nowhere. Totally strange. A moonless night, returning from a fair, maybe state fair, early summer.  On the way home, we noticed an obvious black hole in the sky. As we peaked over the hilly terrain of the highway, we noticed this black hole in the sky.  As we neared home, we took a side road as a short cut home. We ended up almost directly under the object. It looked like a blimp, except it was not moving and it made no sound.  As a tough guy, I picked up a rock and threatened to throw it at the object.   My friend, ((name deleted)), begged me not to and begged me to leave.  I knew the object was too high to hit with a rock, plus I was also freaked out.  We got back in my car and went home. That is all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.4241;-87.6871
