Large Light Object chased by Coast Guard Falcon Jet in late afternoon (During the No-fly time span);2001-09-12 18:00:00;15min;Large Light Object chased by Coast Guard Falcon Jet in late afternoon (During the No-fly time span) Not long after the air space in the US had been closed to civilian aircraft, maybe a few days at the most. I went out side and noticed what looked to be a slow blinking light and assumed it was a radio tower. Then I realized  there was no radio towers in the direction I was looking,  I also realized the object was way to high for a radio tower.  It had the brightness of a white strobe, with the exception that it blinked on and off at a much slower rate, more of a fast fadeing glow on and off, at it's full size it was the size of a large house.The time was late afternoon, but still clear enough to see that there was nothing visible at all when the white light blinked or glowed off. It was staying in the same spot so I decided to run as close as I cloud to see it better, after about a mile I cloud see that there was a large grey cloud it was sitting in and as the object pulsed off and on I noticed a strange purple static energy that seemed to be directly around the object.  Now things get interesting.....  As I'm standing there I hear a loud roar and I look up and I'm astonished to see a US Coast Guard Falcon jet flying as fast as It can right over my head and I mean right over me VERY low and hauling tail toward the object. I jumped and yelled yeah! go get'em!  as astonished and excited as anyone cloud imagine. As the Falcon reached the object, the glowing object rapidly went out and was gone, the Falcon jet made a number of slower circles around where the object had been and then left the area in the opposite direction that it came from originally.  If you didn't know the Coast Guard Falcon is more of a recon aircraft, it has no weapons, I'm sure it was there to try and identify the object and attempt to get it to land if possible. Again this took place during the time period where there were no civilian aircraft flying due to the 9/11 no-flying restriction. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));31.2912;-82.2654
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  It slowly moved south for a few seconds then it turned moving back towards the north again.;2004-02-18 20:30:00;30 minutes;I really didn't think much of my nephew saying he wanted to use the telescope to view what someone had told him might be a satellite. That is until I went to put the garbage can out by the edge of the road. Off to the north west was a very bright circular object, 2 to 3 times brighter a larger than the north star.  As I watched this object it slowly moved to the north. All of a sudden, it took off like a rocket for about a half a second. It slowed down, then it started moving south. It slowly moved south for a few seconds then it turned moving back towards the north again. At times it would be like it was hanging in the night sky swinging like a pendulum. It would go in all directions, like someone scribbling on a piece of paper. It also had faint blinking colors such as you would see with the stars. Occasionally you could see what looked liked a tail from a comet.  At about 9:45 Eastern time I walked back outside and the object was nowhere in sight. Another thing I should point out is that my nephew said he has seen it for the last couple of days. Even first thing in the morning when they were heading to school. I don't know If anybody else has seen such an object.  Additional information:  The object was low in the sky, taking a guess would say at a level of approx. 25 to 30 deg. This morn. I woke up about 4:45 to get ready for work. And the object is back in the sky. This time at a more easterly direction and at an approx. angle of about 60 deg.  There was no indication of any type of craft, even through our telescope it only looked like a circular bright, white light with blinking colors(red, green, and blue.) The tail I was speaking of was not visible at all times. It would just appear randomly. Even through the telescope you could just make out the tail occasionally.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));31.2912;-82.2654
