UFO shased off by fighter jets;1999-10-15 20:30:00;5-8 minutes;UFO shased off by fighter jets A friend sent this to me, he is not the type to lie. I thought his story should be shared  Friday, October 15,1999  My first UFO,  I finally have seen a UFO tonight at approx. 8:30 PM CDT. 10-15-99.  We ( friend #1, friend #2 and I ) were taking Friend #3 home this evening and on the way there, we stopped on a country road West of Ellis to chat, listen to tunes and watch the traffic go by on Interstate 70. Me being a star hound and watching the skys alot, had my head out the window looking around at the sky and Jupiter and watching for Saturn to rise above the horizon. There was a thin haze of clouds going over but thin enough to tell where Jupiter was and I could barely see Saturn through the clouds, just above the horizon. It was cool and windy so no one was getting out of the van. As I scanned the sky I saw what started to look like a meteor heading South and it got very bright and I started to have a thought that it was heading straight towards us because the flame of it looked peculiar and flared to an odd shape, just in one place and didn't look like it was heading in any one direction, then it dimmed and started heading South. When I first saw it, I told the guys something like, OOH YOU GUYS, like I was seeing an odd sort of slow motion meteor hitting the atmosphere and then as I saw it looking like a satellite and heading in a straight line South. I told them that I thought it was a satellite that had just turned or I had just caught the glimpse of sunlight shining off a panel on the craft and grabed my binoculars and started to watch it race along the way satellites do when, I swear to my honor and Gods, that it turned 180% and came back to the North for a short distance and turn back South again and stopped. I was telling my friends about this as it happened. It sat there motionless for several minutes and then as suddenly as it stopped, it started off to the West and stopped and turned and went back and forth in several different directions, going only short distances and then would move a short distance more, stopping at points and turning the other way and I watched it do that for at least five or six minutes when it quit moving. It was blended into the sky just as a star and didn't move ! at all so I had to prop my head up with one hand so I could hold still on the object with my binoculars and did that for several more minutes. I would approximate that after five to eight minutes of spotting this object, three jets then came from the West, of the first two, one banked and seemed to take the heading towards Great Bend direction and stayed low, the other turned and flew straight toward the direction I was watching this object and the third jet also coming from the West seemed to turn and go up toward that area of sky I had been watching. By this time friend #1 and friend #3 had got out of the van and saw the jets flying in there directions and I pointed to the one that was flying toward the area I was looking at. We watched as the two jets looked like they were climbing very quickly and then made a loop and started heading back to the West when the cool got the better of us and we got back in the van.  I stuck my head out the window a few more times that evening before we left the place we were sitting and will continue to watch the skies for all the celestrial events, the stars, constellations, and satellites and hopefully more UFO type objects in the sky.  I have always said, I will believe it when I see it, and tonight is the night that I can say that I have seen it. So help me God !;38.9463;-99.5301
