V shaped,  sequential red strobing lights on lateral surfaces, enormous size1/4 mile or greater, no sound.;2006-07-28 07:00:00;5-7 minutes;V shaped,  sequential red strobing lights on lateral surfaces, enormous size1/4 mile or greater, no sound. I am a 35 year old male and have the need to share with you this sighting, for it has troubled my mind for the last few years. I have finally been given the strength and courage through much prayer, as to have a record be given of this experience and the significance of this event. On the night of this sighting, I felt compelled to go outside for reasons only God knows the answer to. On or around the the 28th of July, 2006 at 7:00pm....I was witness to a craft which was traversing the sky, at around or above 18,000 feet. I observed it from on our balcony facing due south, in the direction of its flight path. If you know where the I-5 and 14 freeways intersect, this is the general area it was heading from my vantage point. The location was over the Santa Clarita Valley,(Canyon Country is where I lived specifically) and was headed in a southwest direction toward the San Fernando Valley...(both are in the Los Angeles County area respectively). This craft was a boomerang or chevron configuration. It closely resembled a letter V. It emitted no sound and had red strobing lights running laterally down the trailing edges of the body. These lights did not blink, but rather faded one after another before cycling again down the craft's wing structure. I would with near 100% confidence estimate this V shaped vehicle to be in excess of 1,000 feet...or nearly a 1/4 mile in width wing tip to wing tip! The speed of this vehicle defied aerodynamic law for a vehicle that would have been under conventional propulsion with regard to aircraft such as fixed wing prop, or jets. It moved very slow. The length of time of our sighting was roughly 5-7 minutes, before disappearing beyond mountains that obscured further observation. I can estimate the altitude of flight because it was higher than the Cirrus clouds. Enough light was present from the still fading sun to observe cloud cover and the black coloration of the craft, and was coming back into view from behind (or above) clouds at times. The clouds were sparse and not very many were present. I think you will love to know, that 2 others were able to observe this UFO with me. My mother and father. When I initially saw this thing, I ran into the house and alerted my parents to the presence of this craft. They followed me to the balcony and stood in utter shock as we observed it together. My mother noticed something that gave her a point of reference to the scale of this thing. She pointed out that a passenger aircraft was flying literally UNDER it! Yes we saw it pass under the V shaped craft because the jet was visible with the craft behind or above it in the background. This was possibly a 747 jet aircraft (we saw the jet had 4 wing mounted engines). I made the comment, Holy crap...that jet could land on it Mom! The size of the jet was like that of a tic tac in the sky, the V shaped craft was bigger than her fist when she held her hand in front of her and tried to cover it. One more key element that is quite possibly VERY significant. After our sighting of the V shaped craft, for many days afterward, we saw numerous times F-16 aircraft making a highly unusual amount of flights over the area we saw this thing. These F-16's were seemingly looking for it. They traversed the same direction (south western), then east to west and north to south, between the hours of 7pm to 9pm for the next 3 days. They would also fly quite low and then would be at higher altitudes when making grid like flights.They flew in formations of 2 and 3 at a time. What is also unusual is they were flying in airspace that is used by commercial aircraft, let alone the UFO itself had done this also. In and outbound flights use that same airspace from Van Nuys A.P., Burbank A.P. and Whitman A.P. It is interesting to note that Edwards Air Force Base (about 90 miles) and the Naval Air Weapons Station (about 97miles) in China Lake are closest to the location of our sighting and possibly where these jets were based out of. My father later made the comment, I was in the navy, and that thing was bigger than an aircraft carrier, and it was in the damned sky! They are now true believers that there are things in this world that are not of this world. Whether or not this vehicle was of our own design, that of extra-terrestrials or a combination thereof or somewhere in between does not matter, it was there and they exist...PERIOD!;34.4208831395348;-118.439809302326
