White cigar shaped object with no evident exhaust trail or wings,following commercial airliner under blue skys.;2012-07-17 18:00:00;35 seconds;White cigar shaped object with no evident exhaust trail or wings,following commercial airliner under blue skys. I went outside to have a cigarette in the summer of 2012.  It was a beautiful summer day, blue skies, almost no clouds.  As I sat in a lawnchair, I looked skyward and I noticed a commercial airliner flying over high in the sky, I could see the two exhaust jets that are common behind airliners, being the middle of the day I didn’t think much about it.  However moments later I realized something wasn’t right about what I just saw.  I looked back up and realized I was seeing something I had not seen before.  Trailing the aircraft, at not that great of a distance was a white cylindrical cigar shaped object.  It was not all that spectacular, but I realized I had never seen an object like this before.  There were no wings, just a long white cylindrical cigar shaped object following the airliner through the sky.  There was also no visible exhaust coming from this object, it just appeared to be cruising through the sky.   As I watched the airliner and the object the! y disappeared behind some trees, and I was not able to see the two again.  A couple of days later I was fishing with my brother and I told him what I saw.  He said “no way I just watched a show and they were talking about unidentified flying objects, and your description was almost identical to what was on the show. 	It has been almost a year since I saw this object, and I never thought about reporting it until a few days ago.  The reason being I happened to stumble upon your website and noticed the ease of making my report.  I know my encounter isn’t that spectacular, but I thought someone ought to know.  My dates may not be correct but the time and circumstances of my sighting I am fairly confident in. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date may be approximate.  PD));44.7115851185938;-85.6666843534786
