U.F.O. sighting and lost time.;1996-09-30 22:00:00;22:00to23:30;U.F.O. sighting and lost time. fter dropping the feed at the deer blind we headed up the road toward the store. After driving a short distance we encountered an object moving over the road ahead of us. The object had double lights all the way around it wich faced down toward the road. The lights went around it in a rectangular shape. I remember telling my son that is a U.F.O. looking at the object as we drove the object moved to the left slightly past the road. Suddenly the object disappeared as if it were never there. It was as if someone just suddenly turned off a light switch and it was gone. We did not see the object go anywhere, it was just gone. When we got to the store we had just left wich should have taken approximately a half an hour to go to the blind and drop the feed off and return to the store, we found that the store was already closed. I got on the pay phone immediately and called my mothers house and asked her what time it was, it was 23:30 hours. Therefore it would have taken us two hours to drive approximately 3 miles drop off the deer feed and return to the store. I figure we lost approximately one and one half hours that we cannot account for since it should have only taken approximately one half hour to drop the feed and return to the store.;44.7115851185938;-85.6666843534786
Enormous silent hovering craft above golf course.;2001-09-14 21:00:00;first time about 5 second;Enormous silent hovering craft above golf course. I am resubmitting this report because I have not seen my original in the database.  I know that there was a move with your organization and it may have gotten lost.  This report or near version of it has also been submitted to ufo evidence. After attending a Traverse City West High School game during the fall of 2001 I got gas from the local gas station and traveled up Barnes Road heading west from Traverse City.  At the top I stopped at the stop sign and looking west over the tree line I could see bright lights coming in rather low.  My first impression is that it's an airliner coming in to Cherrry Capital Airport.  It did although seem rather bright and quite low.  I then took a right hand turn, a left onto Harris and then another left onto Cedar Run.  After about 2 miles I came to the top of a hill that overlooks the Cedar Run Golf Course.  At the top of the hill looking towards the southwest I could see a very bright airborne object.  This object was very large and emitted brilliant white light. As I traveled down the hill towards the object in my mind I tried to figure out what it could be.  I knew it wasn't an airplane because it was not moving, this object was just hovering above the golf course.  I knew it was not a helicopter because it was to large, about the size of a 747.  At the bottom of the hill and coming up next to the golf course I slowed down and rolled down the window.  I could not hear a sound and this is when I started to get scared because I did not know what it was and I had my four year old son in the van with me. The object was just over full grown sugar or red maple trees about 250 feet off the ground. The object was 150 to 200 feet long, 20 to 30 feet tall and probably within 600 yards. I continued west on Cedar Run over a hill and 2 people were standing outside looking in the direction of the craft.  I didn't want to stop because it was still to close and I was afraid. I have stopped at 3 houses since the episode and no one could recall the event.  The people at the house that were looking towards the golf course have since moved. I learned of this just a couple of weeks ago. What impressed me most about this object was the lack of sound for it's size.  I should have heard something. Also, at no point did I see it move, although I saw this object at 2 different locations. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.7115851185938;-85.6666843534786
