I can't belive how close I was to the aircraft.;1987-02-03 08:30:00;15:00;I can't belive how close I was to the aircraft. we were on a smowmobiole on a clear night and 2 bright landing lights approached from the north. One light soared left and wnet out of sight in micro seconds. the other one came right at us. We stopped on the lake by the shoreline infront of our house and I sent my daughter in to get the camera. The craft flew over my head about 85 off the ground at about 3 to 5 miles an hour. lights on all three points and it made a sharp turn to the left and I lost the visual. No sound was heard. I called the coast guard and they did not have any experimental aircraft in the area nor did they see anything on radar. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.7115851185938;-85.6666843534786
The Black Triangle Over Thornapple Ln.;1993-06-14 20:00:00;1 minute;The Black Triangle Over Thornapple Ln. My brother and i were playing up stairs waiting for our dad to get home from down state. My brother was 7 and i was 9. The rest of the family was downstairs in the guest bedroom. My dad rode a motercylce when he traveled by himself and it was really loud. Anyway, we played up stairs for a good 20 minutes when i thought that i heard my dad coming into the driveway, but the wierd thing was that i didnt hear his bike but i thought he was home. When i looked out the living room window i didnt see anything but the triangular black ufo caught my attention. It was flying right over our house almost touching it. It also made no sound. I called to my brother to look and when he did he was just ammazed. We were both actually. At the time we only thought it was a plane cause we didnt know about UFO'S and Aliens. It was flying like it had no speed at all. As it flew over the house we ran to the back window to look at it. The tip of the craft was out of sight already. After not too long we just let it go as a plane and went on playing agian. I didnt really get into UFO's untill a few years ago. Thats when i actually remembered that day and asked my brother about it. For some strange reason he has trouble talking about it, as if he wants to deny that day in all. He is a pretty to-himself kinda guy now. As for me, a while back i didnt soemthing really stupid as a dumb teenager that changed my life. Ill come forward and say that i smoked something that i wasnt suppost to. It was marijuana, but something was wrong with it i guess cause till this day i have panic attacks and just think really weird. It almost seemed like it opened a door in my head that i can't close. Im married now with a wonderful woman and family. Im more open to the unknown and can now except the fact that we arent alone anymore. I can say that i know more about life now then anyone should, or atleast i think i do. After that stupid thing happend to me, i feel that that day with the UFO had something to do with MY way of life. Like i somethimes believe that i could have been abducted cause i think i had missing time that day. Anyway, there is so much more to my life after that day then i should write. thanks for reading. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.7115851185938;-85.6666843534786
Triangular lights spotted over Traverse City then dissappeared in a matter of seconds.;2005-07-05 23:45:00;2 Minutes;Triangular lights spotted over Traverse City then dissappeared in a matter of seconds. My girlfriend and myself had been visiting friends up in Traverse City over the fourth of July weekend and had just left their home and were headed North along US 31.  I drive a convertible so we could see the sky for miles around us. I glanced out the front windshield in the direction towards the passenger seat and saw four lights (three white one red) over a small wooded area slightly higher then the trees (maybe 150-200 feet).  I asked her what that was since I needed to concentrate on the road.  She stated she thought it was lights overlooking a baseball diamond.  I looked again and said there was no pole or any other mechanism holding it up, and besides there was a red light right in the middle.  She looked again as we passed and said she wasn't sure.  With the top down and the radio off we heard nothing more then road noise, no sound to indicate a helicopter, plane, etc...especially one that low.  We pulled into Burger King parking lot and turned around so we were once again facing the object and studied it for a matter of seconds before I made the decision to see if we could get closer.  I pulled out and headed back in its general direction and before I even drove 100 feet it took off out across Grand Traverse Bay, and seemed to disappear instantaneously.  These lights moved faster then any jet or plane I have ever seen fly over head.  We drove back and forth along US 31 three more times looking out over US 31 before we decided to head home.  We contacted Traverse City Police asking if they had received any odd reports tonight and they said they had not.  We both discussed it for the next 20-30 minutes and neither of us could come up with an explanation.  Two days later I did a search on the internet finding many sites that showed and described things similar to what we had witnessed.Therefore I decided to post this account.  I had never been a believer or disbeliever of ufos or et's until this night.  My girlfriend was always a disbeliever but is starting to rethink things after our encounter.;44.7115851185938;-85.6666843534786
