A disbeliever firmly becomes a believer after spotting this thing in the sky.;2011-05-08 23:00:00;20min;A disbeliever firmly becomes a believer after spotting this thing in the sky. I wasn't a believer of UFO's really before this encounter. I have seen some weird stuff in the past few years in our skies but nothing to this extreme. I was on route 3 where the road is parrallel to 95 South. I saw this big white light in the sky. Now mind you, the sky was in overcast so you couldn't see one damn star in the sky. So I saw this white light, it wasn't moving. It kinda just pulsed. So i slowed my car down to watch it. All of a sudden the white light disappeared, it went into a red and blue lighted sequence. Then it dropped straight down in the sky and shot over the highway directly OVER MY CAR. I started freaking out, so was my dog. My dog was out the window smelling the air making whining sounds. I felt this weird pull at the top of my head. It felt fuzzy. I was also on the phone, freaking out.... and i couldn't even speak. my mind just froze it seemed. The craft started to drift away but stream lined through the trees along side my car.. all the way into Charlestown. The craft was a diamond shape, the lights of what I could see was only in the front. I feel pretty crazy even reporting this because i don't believe in this shit, but i'm telling you right now.... What they are doing is some sketchy shit. I have no idea what they did to my head, or why they chose to follow my car into Charlestown. I felt like i couldn't get away from the thing. It was definitely scanning in the area. oh, and there was no sound to the craft.;41.574;-71.6076
Two diamond shaped objects flying just above tree line, odd movement and light color;2013-04-18 20:00:00;30 seconds;Two diamond shaped objects flying just above tree line, odd movement and light color Driving on route 165 I noticed a diamond shaped aircraft flying overhead about 150 feet above the tree line. I first thought it was a helicopter flying low, because it was flying at about the same speed one would be flying, but then realized the shape of the lights on the craft didn't match and it was flying in a strange fast to slow pace.  The lights were blinking whitish yellow and had one red blinking light at what seemed to be the tail of the craft. I was trying to think logically and and tried to convince myself it was some strange aircraft I had never seen until a second aircraft flew directly overhead.  This one was about 2-3 times the size of the first and seemed to be flying slightly lower than the first and had 5 or more light blue blinking lights.  It flew at about the same speed and disappeared over the tree line where I could no longer see it.  They were both heading south. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.574;-71.6076
