Missing time after seeing something that looked like the Northern lights.;1986-10-01 22:00:00;10 seconds;Missing time after seeing something that looked like the Northern lights. I was on my porch late one night with a friend. I looked over past the house nextdoor and saw something that looked like multi color gasses. ( like the Northern lights) However it appeared to be on the other side of the neighbors house and colse to the ground. I turned to tell my friend to look but, before he turned around it was gone. Shortly after this, maybe a couple of months I had another strange thing happen to me. I left a frien of mine at a local bar to take another frien to pick up her car. I had NOT been drinking,as I was due to have a baby in a few months. We drove apx. 15 min. to my house to pick up her car. She was going home. I was going back to be with my other friend I had left at the bar. I pulled right behind my friend and we started to drive from my house. (she had a old beat up car and usaly drove slower than the speed limit. I had a little sporty car and usaly drove a bit above the limit.) At the end of my street there was a stop sign. I stoped there to light a cigarette. When I turned to follw my friend she was no where in sight. I sped up to catch her. She was no where. I went strait to the bar to get my other friend and she was very upset. It turned out that I had been gone for over 2 hrs. I'm not sure what I believe as far as sightings. I always assumed it was military or other goverment projects. I bought a book on the subject just a week ago and alot of the things I have read apply to symptoms I have had in the years sence. That is how I found your sight. Just trying to get more info. I see here there haven't been any reports of abductions. Do you think this is crazy or am I reading to much into things that can easily be explained? I see on your sight there are a few reports from the neighborhood I grew up in. I don't know if this could be connected. Please keep in mind the dates and times here are very apx. as it was such a long time ago it is hard to remember. I just wanted to see if anyone here might be able to answer some of this for me. I don't care if you put this accou! nt on th e sight or not. My only reason for righting was in hopes to contact someone who knows more on the subject. I am a 3x year old, female ((deleted))l Officer.(ie..have passed West Virginias ((deleted)) test in the process)*grin* Married with four children. I live in a very small town and am not trying to call attintion to myself in any was. Expecialy because of my profession. I would like for this information to be on a need to know basis. I haven't even told my husband for fear he would think I was going over the deep end. Thanks so much for you time. Even thou I havent told him it is still ok to contact me. Thanks again.;40.1041;-80.6424999999999
Was out in backyard stargazing I guess you could say, when I notice what looked like a bright star, and that's what I thought it was to;1995-04-23 01:30:00;10 minutes;Was out in backyard stargazing I guess you could say, when I notice what looked like a bright star, and that's what I thought it was to be honest..... Was out in the backyard stargazing..When I noticed what looked like a bright star.And that's exactley what it looked like...But it seemed out of place, Too bright or something.Then from a fixed position it began to move north to south extremeley slowly making no sound at all..Then it dimmed and went out..Dissapeared I waited for a few minutes to see if it would come back on and it did in the same location it dissapeard from...It then moved again south till the light dimmed and went out again.....I seen the same object again in another location in cambridge, Oh.. And two of my friend's approached me and claimed they seen a similiar event describing what I seen to a T.....I didn't tell anyone about this for fear of being a cooke...But it really bothers me when you see something like this and don't have a clue what it was....;40.1041;-80.6424999999999
Brigh light just blinked out. ((Space debris event??));2004-06-26 20:49:00;10 seconds;Brigh light just blinked out. It appeared over the ohio river for about 10 seconds. It was a white light it was going at a slow pace sort of like a plane. But then it blinked out came back and then blinked out again. the sun was going down so i figured it was just the sun reflecting off of it. But i searched for the craft but couldn't see it anywhere. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of re-entering space debris.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));40.1041;-80.6424999999999
Lasted for about 3-5 seconds.;2004-06-27 23:11:00;5 seconds;Lasted for about 3-5 seconds. Pretty bright, I doubt it was a satelite because they don't fade out like that one did. But I don't think it was bright enough to be space junk either. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible flare from Iridium satellite.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));40.1041;-80.6424999999999
Two lights, in close proximity (approximately 3-4 degrees apart, very bright (brighter than venus) and without flicker, in the NNE. . .;2007-03-30 21:00:00;20 Seconds;Two lights, in close proximity (approximately 3-4 degrees apart, very bright (brighter than venus) and without flicker, in the NNE. . . At approximately 9:00PM, went outside, and noticed two lights, in close proximity (approximately 3-4 degrees apart, very bright (brighter than venus) and without flicker, in the NNE sky, about 30-40 degrees above the horizon.  I would have initially dismissed them as stars, except their proximity, extreme brightness, and lack of flicker were notably out of place for what I am accustomed to see in that direction of the sky - which caught my attention enough to notice that they were slowly moving N / NNE.  Having seen the international space station traverse the night sky at an astronomy event once, I would suggest these were as bright and similar in style, except there were two of them and much slower moving.  I went inside to get my fiance to invite her to share in this unusual event, and was gone for about 10 seconds.  When I returned, they were gone.  I do not necessarily think it was a UFO - could have possibly been a satellite or something like that.  Hoping to corroborate other reports?;40.1041;-80.6424999999999
A star? satellite? space station? OR???????????  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Jupiter??  PD));2007-09-11 22:00:00;15 min;A star? satellite? space station? OR??????????? I was back in my hometown for a funeral and was spending the night at my deceased father's house, which is out in the country near Oglebay Park.  I love the peace & quiet and wanted to go into his field to look at the massive array for stars out that night. Approx 10PM, In the SSW sky I spotted to what I had assumed to be a star, but quickly deduced that it must be a plane because all of the starlight was a 'white-blue' when this was an 'yellow-white' and was MUCH lower than any star. As a guess I'd say it's altitude was 5 miles and distance (from me) approx the same.  I then realized that it couldn't be landing gear or lights on the front of a craft because it was moving away from me in a constant SSW direction.  Overhead, a plane passed, coming from the NW--towards the 'light' to the SSW. As the plane got to what I would say about a 1-2 mile range, the light went out, then came back on as the airplane vectored to the SSE.  I ran to get binoculars and continued to watch.  This light did not twinkle as were all of the stars that night (it was crystal-clear), rather it was constant.  I will note that another airplane was headed towards it and the light disappeared again, only to come back on another 90 seconds or so later like the first time.  After about 15 minutes, the light then was completely gone as it continued heading SSW. Any ideas?  This was I believe about a week after one could look straight up and see the space station..is that what I saw? Perhaps a satellite? I thought the light going on & off with appraoching aircraft was odd.  It was in this exact sky that approx 20 years ago I witnessed, as many people have reported on here, two objects (in the night sky) playing tag with one another ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Jupiter??  PD));40.1041;-80.6424999999999
8 yellow lights floating over horizon;2011-06-11 22:30:00;5 minutes;8 yellow lights floating over horizon At approximately 22:30, Witness #1 was sitting on the porch of her residence and saw the first yellow light appear over the horizon and hover towards the sky, followed by a line of three more which appeared evenly in approximately 10 second intervals and stayed lit in formation. Witness #1 summoned Witness #2 from inside the house to see what was happening.  When Witness #2 came out, the four lights had been joined by three more which were in a triangular formation at the bottom of the line.  The original four in a line, joined by the triangle, rose higher until they gradually started to disappear.  Ten seconds later, in the same interval as the line formation, another light appeared below the triangle. That was the last of the lights, which rose until all had disappeared.  Throughout the event, the lights of several planes and helicopters could be seen, which appeared to be smaller than the eight unidentified objects. The eight unidentified objects were all identical.  They were yellow spheres of light with a small horizontal aura, appearing to be a line, cutting through the upper third of the sphere.  They sputtered out one by one as they got farther from the horizon, with the exception of the triangle formation which sputtered out almost all at once. Witness #1 is a middle aged woman, a lab tech at a local hospital, earning a master's degree in education. Witness #2 is a young man, a college student working towards a four year degree at a large institution in another part of the state.  He also works as a cashier and clerk at a local grocery store, and as a musician in an orchestra and string quartet. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD));40.1041;-80.6424999999999
Red lights following each other but not in any type of formation;2012-09-14 20:15:00;10 minutes;red lights following each other but not in any type of formation At approximately 20:15 on 9-14-2012 I and my youngest son, 14 yrs old, observed approximately 10 reddish/orange lights flying from what appeared above the ridge by Wheeling Park High School and proceeded to over Springdale Heights and slowly vanished.  These lights were not flying in any type of symmetrical formation but were following each other at varying distances.  It appeared as though there was a white light that was rotating in a counter clockwise motion and as it came around to the side we were viewing them from the red (main part) of the light would become diluted with the white light and appear orange.  When I first seen the lights there appeared to be three but as they flew towards me more kept appearing over the same ridge.  At first I thought they were helicopters but there was absolutely no sound of engines/motors.  All of the lights appeared over the same ridge and traveled to the area over Springdale Heights and slowly vanished.  These lights! were very visible and this whole episode lasted about 10 minutes.  I am very surprised that there were not any reports or stories in the local paper or on the TV news.;40.1041;-80.6424999999999
