Unidentified orbs seen in vicinity of Dover Air Force Base;2007-03-15 17:30:00;5 minutes;Unidentified orbs seen in vicinity of Dover Air Force Base To Whom it may concern, I am writing to inform you of an incident which I had witnessed some time ago.  I never reported this incident to anybody at the time for fear that I wouldn't have been taken seriously.  After watching a program on television concerning UFO's and noting the striking similarity to what I had witnessed, I felt compelled to file this report. Although it has been more than ten years since my sighting,  Let me begin by telling you my location at the time and aproximate date of my sighting.  I definately remember that it was a Friday before Mother's Day, and somewhere between 2004-2007.  I further recall that it was late afternoon and close to dusk.  It was still light out however.  From my location at the rear of my home in Greenwood, DE., I was looking into the sky in the direction of Dover Air Force Base (about 25 mi. NNE of my location).  My attention was captured by a strange abnormality in the sky.  What appeared to be silvery white orbs were dancing about the sky.  They did not appear to be illuminated in any way. I continued to observe two objects moving erratically in the sky. Sometimes stopping completely then suddenly dancing erratically again.  Both objects moved in right angle directions at extremely high velocities. I could not believe what I was observing.  At times these objects would completely disappear and then reappear in a different spot, much like the hyperspace function in the video game Asteroids.  I continued to observe these objects for about 5 minutes.  Suddenly I heard the sound of aircraft propellers behind me.  A C-130 aircraft came from behind me and flew overhead in the direction of the sightings and Dover Air Force Base.  I found it odd that they were flying at quite a low altitude, just above treetop level and definately below 500 feet.  Then suddenly I hear a roar.  Also from behind me, two fighter jets at a higher altitude fly past the C-130 and in the direction of my sighting.  All of a sudden, the dancing orbs just simply disappeared.  I didn't know how to explain! it at the time and feared that someone would think that I was nuts or mistaken, but I know what I had witnessed.  They were indeed objects in the sky. They were indeed unidentifiable by anything I could imagine.  By my defination I would have to call them UFO's. Obviously I wasn't the only witness to this event.  The crews of both fighter jets and the crew of the C-130 had to have seen this as well.;38.8173;-75.5957
