ORBS watching over a launch of there own.;2006-04-09 16:35:00;1 minute;ORBS watching over a launch of there own. On 04/09/06 at approximately 16:35 hours 3 friends and I seen a double rainbow so I snapped seven pictures in less than a minute.  I used the digital camera view screen to look at the rainbow and snap a few photos and then zoomed in and took a few more.  I later on downloaded the pictures at first we thought that rain drops were on the lens when the pictures were taken but as we looked at the next set of pictures we were lost for words and explanations.  The pictures revealed orbs and a object that resembled something launching from ground level and heading skyward and the orbs seem to watch over this thing.  The funny thing of all this is we never seen this with the naked eye it was captured with my digital camera.  I have shown the pictures to some friends and no one knows what it is, a friend of mine that was a sherriff for many years as a evidence man and investigator seen the photos and said you have something there I do not know what it is but you have something there.  I have saved the memory chip and place it in a safe place. I watched UFO HUNTERS and was told by friends to contact you and let you examine the eviedence.  I want to say that we never seen any thing till we looked at the photos.  SEEING IS BELIEVING these pictures are worth a thousand words and are better seen than told.;39.7306;-122.2586
Orb's overlooking there launch of a craft.;2006-04-09 16:35:00;1 MINUTE;Orb's overlooking there launch of a craft. I was observing a double Rainbow and snapped some quick photos using auto focus and not really looking in the LCD view finder. I snapped a few shots and then I zoomed in to get a closer photo of the Rainbow and colors. We did not see any thing at the time, until we downloaded the photo's we thought a first water spots but after a few photo's later we seen these orb's move across the photo's. The most bizzare thing is the object that is launching upward and by shear luck when I had zoomed in on the Rainbow I caught a close up of this object. The time lapse of these photo's a total of one minute or so for Seven photo's,I had made this report to you but never sent the photo's so this time I am sending them.  Thanks for your time.  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  One of two reports from same source.  PD));39.7306;-122.2586
