Small triangular object flying low to ground flashing green then gold light.;2000-01-17 21:40:00;10 minutes;Small triangular object flying low to ground flashing green then gold light. It was January 17, 2000 around 9:30-9:45 p.m.  I was riding my bicycle next to my friend Dave who was walking as we headed to a friend’s home at the rear portion of the mobile home park we lived in at the time.   We were perhaps 100 feet away from our friend’s home when we both noticed a large, bright green light blinking on something that was moving through the air away from us.  It couldn’t have been more than 50 feet above the ground as it moved slowly from our left (south) diagonally away from us toward our right (northwest).  It was approximately two football fields away from us when we first saw it.  All we could see was the extremely large, bright green light blinking on and off for 1 to 1 1/2 seconds at a time.   I realized that I wasn’t able to hear any sound coming from whatever it was, so I asked Dave, Can you hear it?  Can you hear it?!  To which he replied that he couldn’t hear anything from it either.   At that time, I ditched my bike and we both began running toward the object which had by then stopped flashing the green light and began flashing a gold light 10 to 15 feet forward from where the green one had been.  The gold light was as large and as bright as the green one had been, and it was definitely more captivating.   Just as the two of us had reached a full-speed run, the object abruptly changed direction and began flying directly towards us.  There was no curving turn like an airplane would have to make, no sweeping change like a glider, the object just stopped going away from us and began heading immediately toward us.  I think even a helicopter wouldn’t have been able to change direction of flight as quick and immediate as the object did.   Then we were scared!   We turned and ran back to our friend’s house.  We pounded on the door for him to let us in, and he opened the door just as the object flew directly over our heads.   At that time, there were no longer any lights flashing, but we could hear a faint humming noise.   As the object flew over, all we could see was its black silhouette against the night sky.  We both agreed that it was triangular in shape and small like an ultra-light.   We do not believe it was an ultra-light.   We honestly don’t know what it was, but it was the very first time any of us had seen what we believed to be a UFO.;39.7306;-122.2586
Silent, Triangular shaped craft moving quickly with no lights or sound.;2007-12-13 21:20:00;10-15 seconds;Silent, Triangular shaped craft moving quickly with no lights or sound. ADDENDUM – The craft was viewed approximately through 20°-25° of arc .  While sitting in our hot tub, my wife and I noticed that there was an abundance of shooting stars in the sky. We routinely look up at the sky as we chat, occasionally watching aircraft blink across the sky.  Tonight I noticed a dark triangular shaped craft sliding silently through the sky, traveling north to south. What caught my attention was the reflection of the minimal neighborhood lights reflecting off of it. I noticed it and immediately pointed it out to my wife who also saw it.  What was most interesting was that it appeared to be quite large, had no lights, and was moving quickly with no sound.;39.7306;-122.2586
A strange triangular craft was hover off the west side of I-5 in n. Ca;2011-03-11 01:30:00;3+ min;A strange triangular craft was hover off the west side of i5 in n. Ca I was driving south down i5 near orland ca and a dark triangular craft has floating off the west side of the hiway.  It was silent.  It had a large bright light at each point with a small weird flashing light in the middle, I've never seen anything like it.;39.7306;-122.2586
Silent black triangular craft flew over my head and disappeared into the night sky.;2012-09-19 00:28:00;10 seconds;Silent black triangular craft flew over my head and disappeared into the night sky. I went outside half an hour ago to throw some garbage in the dumpster at our apartment complex. On the way,  I stopped to look up at the stars when the stars were suddenly blocked from view by something black flying over my head in the sky.  There were no lights on it whatsoever, and it flew silently - absolutely NO sound.  My mind struggled to figure out what I was seeing.  I was barely able to make out the triangular shape of it, and I wondered at first if it was a formation of geese. This craft flew SO smoothly and swiftly, gliding through the night air.  It was right overhead and couldn't have been anymore than 50 ft. above the large fruitless mulberry trees nearby. I'm not good with measuring the sizes of things in my head, but this craft had to have been somewhere between 50 and 100 ft. across. I am still stunned by how black it was I'm surprised I was able to see it at all. I don't know what to make of this. I am still in awe.;39.7306;-122.2586
