Looked like a spot of fire traveling across the sky!  then it disappeared into the darkness.;2013-05-26 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Looked like a spot of fire traveling across the sky!  then it disappeared into the darkness. Most of my family were celebrating Memorial Day weekend at Lake Wedowee, located in Alabama when Sunday night (5-26-13) one family member came inside and alerted everyone that there was something in the sky.  It was about 10:30 pm.  This is not first time we have seen a UFO over there.  But this was like nothing I’ve ever seen, it looked like a spot of fire in the sky.  It came out from behind some trees in  the sky and went across the sky slowly.  It stopped or slowed way down and just went out of sight as if it was rising further and further out of our atmosphere. Approximately a half hour later the same light in the sky was spotted again and moved slowly in somewhat the same direction and also disappeared in the same way as the first time.  It was a very bright orange color and it was as if  a piece of fire was traveling across the sky.  It was moving northwest both times. In the last year we have spotted several UFO’s in the western sky over Lake Wedowee.  The other ones didn’t look anything like the one we saw last night. We are not alone!;33.3038;-85.4736
Most of my family were celebrating Memorial Day weekend at Lake Wedowee, located in Alabama when Sunday night (5-26-13) one family memb;2013-05-26 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Most of my family were celebrating Memorial Day weekend at Lake Wedowee, located in Alabama when Sunday night (5-26-13) one family member came inside and alerted everyone that there was something in the sky.  It was about 10:30 pm.  This is not first time we have seen a UFO over there.  But this was like nothing I’ve ever seen, it looked like a spot of fire in the sky.  It came out from behind some trees in  the sky and went across the sky slowly.  It stopped or slowed way down and just went out of sight as if it was rising further and further out of our atmosphere. Approximately a half hour later the same light in the sky was spotted again and moved slowly in somewhat the same direction and also disappeared in the same way as the first time.  It was a very bright orange color and it was as if  a piece of fire was traveling across the sky.  It was moving northwest both times. In the last year we have spotted several UFO’s in the western sky over Lake Wedowee.  The other ones didn’t look anything like the one we saw last night.  We are not alone!;33.3038;-85.4736
