Fireball in Raymore, MO.;2011-07-03 16:00:00;3 minutes;Fireball in Raymore, Mo While speaking with my mother and neighbor on our pourch (on a golf course), we watched fireworks that had got under way when my mother who is 78 and I am 49 along with the next door neighbor who is married to a retired Circuit court judge witnessed what at first to be a firework,  It was orange and round appeared to be 5 Km off the ground,as we watched it gathered speed and went from the North east to the SW at a very high speed.   My mother who has never believed in anything like this was taken back and wanted to know what that could have been.   I then was called by several friends in the area who witnessed the same.   One in Lee's Summit Missouri, at Raintree Lake, said it had hoverd over the area, and then as he went to get his camera, it had left. ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the date above to reflect a sighting on July 3rd, 2011.  We have confirmed that date with the witness.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Orange Light Peter, wanted to get back with you, and thanks for taking the time to talk with me.  This has been very hard to talk to anyone about.   My next door neighbor, who is the first to spot the orange ball said she would agree to write up an account of what she saw as well as my mother.  I will try to get ahold of the others that have said they saw the same thing,  I  have emailed another person in the Lee's Summit, MO, area that stated he and his daughter were watching fireworks as well and saw a large ball of light.  He will not comment because he works for GSA and thinks it will comprimise his position.  Thanks and keep us informed. ((name and contact information deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));38.8024;-94.4537
I was outside smoking when a bright small yellow orb light went over my yard, there also was  airplane going east. after the plane was;2014-07-04 22:39:00;30 seconds;I was outside smoking when a bright small yellow orb light went over my yard, there also was  airplane going east. after the plane was out of sight this orb came from the north heading south very slowly I thought it was maybe a new kind of fire work but it made no noise and I followed it to the back yard until it went out of sight I know other people had to see this I was yelling what is that so neighbors may look but I don't know if they saw it. it was very small I could only see light couldn't tell if there was a craft any way it was so low it is definite a unidentified FLYING object.;38.8024;-94.4537
