Strange ball of light moving erratically.;2000-09-12 23:30:00;~20 seconds;Strange ball of light moving erratically. I live in the country with no street lights or buildings to obscure or mess with my vision.  I was driving to work (Emergency Call) and I saw a round and extremely bright light suddenly switch on kind of like if you were in a dark room and someone 10 feet away turned on a flashlight and moved it.  It looked to be at least a few miles away from me - my viewing angle must have been ~45 degrees.  It didn't show a beam in any direction (not from the ground, and no beam emitted from the light in any direction).  It was just a round ball of light.  It made a quick move in the shape of a J.  Then it switched off.  It turned back on again a few seconds later and did a Z and then turned off.  Seconds later it switched back on, did another upward Z and I never saw it again. It never left any sort of trail or tail indicating a meteor. I had even rolled my window down to see if I could hear anything but I was either too far a way to hear or it just didn't make a sound.  It was just wierd.  Nothing around me or in the car could have done this.  It certainly didn't look like a spotlight.  There were no clouds around to bounce a light off of anyway. I'm not a crack headed country yocal either.  I am an educated professional.  I have all of my own teeth too!  I just saw a very odd light in the sky that oddly did not have any beam to or from it.  I will speak with anyone about it - ((e-address deleted));38.8024;-94.4537
Tiny green ball of light that immediately launches upward just a bit and then away (to the W) at astounding speed.;2017-12-13 01:13:00;1-2 seconds;This single occurrence has happened for the last four nights in a row.  I first saw something similar two years ago while driving through St. Joseph, MO. Each time, I look to the western sky from my back porch and can see (only for a second or two) a tiny green ball of light that immediately launches upward just a bit and then away (to the west) at astounding speed, disappearing from sight. The lights are not large and appear to move unlike anything i have seen before.  As a science-minded skeptic,  I don't know what else to do but report what I saw.  Thank you.;38.8024;-94.4537
