4-5 lights & 1 large ship 10-11 years ago. Did you see it?;1994-06-01 03:00:00;5-10min;4-5 lights & 1 large ship 10-11 years ago. Did you see it? I don't know the exact date or year for this, I apologize, it has been about 10 or 11 years as of this posting.  My husband went outside with the dog & saw a craft in the near distance. There were several lights that shot out of it in a loop form & then they were gone. He came inside to get me, by the time we got back out there it was VERY strange. This is around 3AM & we saw the lights that shot out just as they returned & seemed to go back in the ship. They moved VERY fast. The clouds slowly rolled back & opened up as the large craft came closer passing over Casey's. The large craft had no lights at all, it was totally dark, like blacker than black. The sky was a deep red (like a sunset)but the clouds themselves were stilldark. The craft seemed to stop & hover over the area on the other side of 58 from SkyVue (at that time it was all field there, now there is a duplex/4 plex housing). It came in so slow, you would have thought it was going to fall out of the sky. It did make a very slight sound while hovering, but I can't really describe it. It wasn't a hum. but it was very quiet & ONLY made noise while it hovered. We just stood there watching, didn't really say anthing to each other, I think our brains didn't know what to think. But it sure wasn't the way we would have ever expected to react. It was almost like we were frozen in that moment of time. When the craft left, it moved as slowly as it did comming in, traveling E-NE. And the clouds seemed to roll back into place behind it returning to a normal 3AM night sky darkness. As it floated off (it went so slow it was like what I would expect out of a floating object, not a flying one) it went right over 58. But as soon as it was behind our house & out of our view, we silently & slowly walked back into the house, sat down & basically just sat there saying nothing, as if we weren't supposed to talk about it or just didn't know what to say maybe. Which to this day is very strange for us, seeing a UFO is something we would have expected to talk about between ourselves for years, until this actual sighting occured. After this sighting, I spent a couple weeks being unable to sleep. I would fall asleep ok, but every night around the same time of the sighting, I would be woke up by a VERY bright white light through the bedroom window. And when I awoke, it was like I had been awake for hours & had just sat up, vs. wakeing up.  My husband is retired military, we know what a stealth is & this WASN'T a stealth. Yes the military base was still open back then, but this WASN'T from there & they had no air traffic during this night. And the lights that came out of it & went back in were a combo of changing colors. But we are sure they were ships too, because the moved with purpose. We never talked about it much, every time we started to we felt as if we were in a extreamly mellow state....sorry very hard to explain the feeling.  Many years later they came out with Independence Day with Will Smith. The way the clouds roll back in the movie is exactly what we saw...we instantly looked at each other in disbelief. But still said nothing, it's like some major secret to us but we don't know why. This is the first we have said of this night & I still feel like I'm saying something I shouldn't. But typing feels different than speaking about it.  If anyone else has possibly seen this that night we would like to know...PLEASE post it we beg of you. The town just seemed so dead that night. No house lights on inside or out & not one single car on the road. Granted Raymore is quiet at night, but the quietness & darkness was very A typical.  Thanks for your time, K ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.8024;-94.4537
My son and I came out to the back of where we live and was only living there for a short time until our house was being built. So we lo;2003-08-03 08:45:00;10-12 minutes;My son and I came out to the back of where we live and was only living there for a short time until our house was being built. So we looked off to the east and saw what looked like a cessna plane and what gets me about this is something I have witness several times before. They look like planes with the same light configuration but they fly way too slow to be up in the air and make no noise what so ever. So there was one coming and this one just had a red light and as it slowly past over you could see that there was another one same thing red light no noise then there was a third one. So as the last one past over it was about two minutes away and my son did not hear anything no sound at all. So I bent over for something and I looked over to the east again and then I seen something to convince me that I truly could not explain it was 3 lights shaped like a triangle and was flying sideways another words the lead light in the triangle was not in the front so it was flying sideways. So I asked my son do you see what I am seeing and he did not see it and I said it's right there and then he said I only see one light but not three. So I was frustrated by him not seeing the other two lights so I asked him to go get his brother and by that time wouldn't you know that it disappeared. However it must have flown over Whiteman Air Force Base. So I just wanted to say that since then I have seen other objects since then. But before then since the early 90's I have seen several planes that have made no noise and fly too slow to even be in the air.;38.8024;-94.4537
Noticed a VERY strange object over head and was to quit to have a motor and to big to be any type of bird . at First it looked like a s;2007-06-03 20:00:00;15 MInutes;Noticed a VERY strange object over head and was to quit to have a motor and to big to be any type of bird . at First it looked like a small circle and then turned in two larger triangles and slowly changed back in to a small circle. was witnessed by 5 people and moved at a very slow rate untill rising out of site.;38.8024;-94.4537
3 lights in triangle shape moving very fast from north to south.;2012-11-12 12:15:00;2 seconds;3 lights in triangle shape moving very fast from north to south. Was outside stargazing and watching for shooting stars.  Saw 3 steady lights about the same brightness of average visible stars in a triangle shape and about the width of Orion's belt in the sky moving very fast from north to south.  I noticed it as it past near Betelgeuse and followed it without blinking as it head south and then out of sight.  It didn't appear to move toward the horizon, just simply away. As it moved it passed in front of some stars.  It didn't block them out but they were not clearly visible either.  Instead the star light seemed disrupted as it passed over them, like looking through moving water.  The thought occurred to me afterward that it looked like the cloaked effect used in sci-fi movies.  It was dead quiet outside and there was no sound.  Waited to hear a delayed jet sound but there was nothing. I'm not ruling out meteors but this was like nothing I have ever seen.  They never seemed to change in brightness, no trails, and they didn't ever seem to fizzle out.  I watched for a long time after but never saw it again.;38.8024;-94.4537
3 Pulsating Lights Hovering in Night Sky;2020-11-10 23:43:00;5 minutes;3 pulsating lights seen hovering in the night sky.  Believe this may be a single, triangular craft (we are in the country so the skies are too dark to determine with certainty that this was a single craft).  The 3 lights blinked in order and remained equally distant while hovering.  After a few minutes, the lights began to move across the sky.  Video being sent via email (subject line - 3 Pulsating Lights Hovering in Night Sky);38.8024;-94.4537
Massive triangular craft seen hovering/twisting. Fast blinking lights that blinked in rhythmic procession. Seemed absolutely massive. D;2020-11-10 23:45:00;10 minutes;Massive triangular craft seen hovering/twisting.  Fast blinking lights that blinked in rhythmic procession.  Seemed absolutely massive.  Dogs barking.;38.8024;-94.4537
