possible abduction case. Giant 3 foot high spides in my friends back yard;1974-07-30 14:00:00;20 minutes;possible abduction case. Giant 3 foot high spides in my friends back yard This is not necisarly a UFO report but I know that something VERY strang happened in this experience and I have a feeling that Me, my brother and my 2 friends were abducted back when I was the age of 5 and 10. I don't know if your interested in this stroy but I am trying to tell as many people about this because I KNOW that there is something happened on that day. I don't expect a responce from you or anything but maybe this can help some people. I don't know exactly when this happened but sometime between that age of 5 and 10 (I am 30 now) Me, my brother and my 2 friends were sitting in the back yard of the friends house on their swingset. Behind thier house is a small field with a path that ran behind the houses all the way down the street and into the park at the end. After the field was a 4 foot wire fence seperaing the houses from the raliway property. After the fence is a small hill built as a noise protection from the traintracks. It was sometime in the summer I dont' know the day or the month but it was about mid afternoon.  The 4 of us were on my friends swingset just talking and goofing around when along the path in back of the yard came a kid our age. To this day I can swear that I knew who this person was and we all knew him at the time of this story but I canot remember his name or who he was. He came up to us and asked us if we wanted to see some giant spiders. Being kids of course we all did so we followed this kid down the path almost all the way to the park. About 2 or 3 houses before the park he stopped in the path and pointed to the 4 foot wire fence. there on the fence was a GIANT spider. At least I remember it being a spider but the thing is it only had 4 legs that I can remember. And when I say GIANT spider I mean this thing was almost the size of the whole fence!!! So it had to be at LEAST 3' tall. Now you may think I'm crazy or I'm making this up but I remember that spider clear as day and I'll remember it till the day I die. It was colored yellow and black  sort of tiger stipped. It had a big body. The legs of this thing were very long. All four of them. Probably about 18 to 24 long each and they were skinny. I do not remember any joints in the legs though. Now you can say someone was probably playing a joke but the year was approximatley 1974 so I doubt you could find anything this realistic looking to play a joke with and not only that I remember one of the spiders moving. Very slowly. That's about all I remember about the insident. I don't remember going home that day and I don't remember ever seeing that kid again, ever. But that's not all. I don't think any of us talked about this insident for a while to each other or to anyone else but when we did start telling people about this Me and my brothers friend always remembered the spiders being 3' tall but my brother and my friend always remembered the spiders being maybe 4 or 5 inches tall (a big spider but not GIANT spiders) I think this disagreement is what caused us to stop talking about this insident altogether. But I still remember certain times growing up when I'd see a big spider (there are yellow and black big spiders in my town and they are big), I'd always say, that's nothing ( size wise) and I'd remember the GIANT spiders. Now years later I started rembering this insident again and I asked my brother about it but he doesn't remember anything about this not even seeing smaller spiders. That's about all for now. I hope this fits into yoru criteria somehow and you can take the time to examine this insident. I thank you for your time and understanding.  ((name deleted));42.276970223325;-83.00375235732
Black shape floated slowly across the sky late one clear august night;2001-09-15 01:00:00;30seconds;Black shape floated slowly across the sky late one clear august night i am writting this for my girlfriend. She was the witness of the event. At approx 1 am in the morning. I'm not sure of the exact date, I was sleeping over at my girlfriends house. We had been watching some boxing matches that night and after they had finished we started getting ready for bed. I went on the computer to do some stuff and my girlfriend went outside for a cigarette. We are on the second story of a 4 unit apartment and she went outside on the balcony. The balcony faces in a north-west direction. Her apartment is within one block of the detroit river that seperates windsor and detroit. Let me just say that I have been studying UFO's for a very long time and in the back of my mind I feel I may have been abducted at about 7 or 8 years  old. But everytime I talk aout UFO's or the X-files or anyother conspiracy theories she gets upset and tells me to keep it to myself because she didn't believe any of it and nothing I said could change her mind. Well we've been together for 3 years now and I havn't convinced her of my views one bit and up until the moment she saw the ufo she was in total disbelief. Well my girlfriend was sitting out on the balcony for about 2 minutes when I heard her call my name. I didn't think anything of it and brushed it off. She than called my name again and I thought maybe it would be something going on so just as I was getting up my girlfriend came in the door and told me to come outside. She seemed pretty excited to I rushed right out. When I got out, she was looking up at the sky. As I walked up to her and started looking up she told me that she had seen a black object moving in the sky. Like I said I have followed ufo's for a long time now so I believed her and started looking for the object. I didnt' see anything in the sky so I went around back and looked around but still didn't see anything. I looked in every direction but it was gone. When we got back in the apartment she told me that what she saw was a totally black object with no lights at all. She could not describe the shape of it but because of the shape of it she could tell that it was not a plane. It was a very clear night and she said the object wasn't very high off the ground. So it would easily be below 10,000 ft. When we settled down a bit and got back into the house I called the local pigs, whoops, I mean Police. and tried to make a report. I had no Idea who else to call. When I told her that I wanted to report a ufo she started laughing and ridiculing me asking me if I had seen anyone aboard it or anything. I got very offended  and told her that it was a brainwashed responce to ridicule people that witness ufos and laughter and ridicule are the reasons people do not come out with their encounters to the public and than I hung up. I dont' know what else to tell you. From the time my girlfriend called my name to the time I got outside was only about 30 seconds to a minute so this wasn't much of an encounter, but my girlfriend said the object wasn't moving very fast. Thank you for your time and if you have any questions please feel free to email me or even call me at 519-((number deleted)). I will get my girlfriend and myself to answer any questions you may have. P.S. In writing this report I hope that you are not connected to the governement in anyway and will just use my stroy in helping with the cover up. ((NUFORC Note:  We are not connected with any government.  PD));42.276970223325;-83.00375235732
Unknown object creating a large zigzag contrail pattern in the sky seen by my friend and I In two different locations.;2012-12-22 16:30:00;5 minutes;Unknown object creating a large zigzag contrail pattern in the sky seen by my friend and I In two different locations. At Approx. 4:30PM on December 22nd 2012 just before sunset my friend and I spotted something very unusual forming in the sky. I spotted the object in the South South-Western sky over Roseland Golf Course in South Windsor, Ontario, Canada.  My friend was further northeast of my location between Tecumseh Rd. E and Seminole St. and saw the same contrail left behind.  When I observed it moving I could not see the actual object as it was behind the tree in our front yard and it was fairly far off in the distance. All I saw was the contrail it left immediately in its wake which started at a lower elevation and climbed to a much higher elevation.  As it climbed, it swayed from side to side slowing down every time the object curved as if it was some sort of rocket or plane that was completely out of control.  Then just as it started, the contrail stopped for no reason and the object making it was long gone only a few seconds later when I moved to a better vantage point away from the tree.  The entire event lasted about 15 seconds but the contrail lasted for a few minutes after the object creating it disappeared! and that is when I took a photo. The picture shows the path of the contrail and was taken less than a minute after the event occurred. As I said above, it appeared that the object came out of nowhere and started making a contrail in a zigzag fashion moving up in elevation then it suddenly stopped making the contrail and from my original vantage point I could not see an object moving away from the contrail after it stopped. I did not see the contrail when it first formed so perhaps it came from the cloud deck at the bottom, but I definitely saw the contrail all of the sudden stop way up in the air for no reason. The contrail left behind stood out over most of the city and was very easy to spot so there must be more witnesses Canadian and American. If most of the city saw this then it may have been as far away as the Detroit River at Grosse Ile or further into the United States which is where there is an airport so perhaps it came from there. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.276970223325;-83.00375235732
Unknown fast moving / rapidly stopping light in night sky;2020-11-29 20:30:00;5 minutes or less;Unknown fast moving / rapidly stopping light in night sky Saw a blinking whiteish coloured light in the sky in early evening. Hovering in one spot so not an airplane. Stationary for couple of minutes then rapidly moved up higher into the sky, abruptly stopped without slowing down. Hovered again for short time. Rapid move across the sky in straight line, very very fast. Abrupt stop again. Hovering again.  Moved in what seemed to be circular motion with occasional quick direction changes, then zoomed out of sight;42.276970223325;-83.00375235732
