2 UFOs over a truck stop.;1992-03-01 21:30:00;5 hrs;2 UFOs over a truck stop. I was a trucker and drove throughout north america.  I was parked at the truck stop in .... over night.  I went to sleep around 2130 and shortly after found myself aboard a craft that was white with a blue stripe.  There were windows on both sides but I dont remember seeing any passengers from the outside.  I was within 20 feet of it.  It was shaped like a passenger jet complete with a rudder from the side but had no wings when viewed from the ground underneath the craft. This was the craft I went inside.  The other craft was sguare, like a platform.  There were many beings inside some looked very human but others were quite pale.  They were normal height, all under 5-6 i would think.  We all communicated telepethically.  They were friendly.  I knew this not just because they appeared friendly but i could communicate openly with their minds or at least the mind of the one I assume was the leader.  He was the one who communicated with me anyway.  I never did ! remember everything that happened that night.  I do recollect that part of my memory was erased.  I was made aware of this.  As well it was I believe 19 years ago and my memory isnt that great.  I do remember that i had the propulsion system explained to me in some detail.  I was always interested in mechanical things and this craft was powered by some form of hydrogen.  in the fog they could run forever without fuel by taking in water from the air.  It was a very foggy spring that year.  They showed me 2 fuel tanks that appeared to be white poly.  They were around 2 and a half gallons.  They told me how far they could go on one of these tanks of water, it was very impressive but i dont remember the distance.  They showed off a little bit with the blue and white vessel.  The maneuvers it did were quite impressive.  I was standing beside my truck while they did figure eights over my head.  I became conscious that I was sitting in the cab of my truck on the edge of my bunk.  ! I dont recall how I got there.  It was around 330.  I dont like to call it an abduction.  It was more like a friendly visit.  My diesel was idling all the time this occured.  That is all I am willing to share at this time.;50.3355;-102.2451
