TWO SIGHTINGS OF UNEXPLAINABLE LIGHTS OF DIFFERENT ORGIN;2004-10-17 18:50:00;5 minutes;TWO SIGHTINGS OF UNEXPLAINABLE LIGHTS OF DIFFERENT ORGIN On Sunday October,17th my two sons and i were traveling to Wabash,IN. and witnessed what we believe to be two ufos. We were driving and had just turned off of state road 22 eastbound onto county road 1350 heading north when we immediately noticed an extremely bright white light hovering just a little to the right off the road about the height of what a small plane would fly. Ruling out that it was'nt a plane (since it was not moving) and seeing other aircraft in the vicinity, we kept our options open to see if it was moving towards us, it was not. As we continued to get closer we could most certainly tell that this was no aircraft with wings. This object appeared to be very large with a very bright intense white light that we could see some five miles away. Looking straight up in front of us wwithin a quarter of mile, it just vanished. The light had just completly turned itself off. We all three said practically at the same time, hey where did it go?, it's gone We were amazed at what had just happened. This is just the first one we saw. We continued to talk this over with each other for the next 7 to 10 miles i would guess approaching our turn onto the Miami-Wabash county line. When we were just about to turn right (this is in the Mississenewa lake area) we saw out in front of us a somewhat dim amberish orange light appear out of nowhere just about a half to a mile out in front of us. I stopped the van at our turn and we watched this light which seemed to be traveling at a super slow rate of speed for around 30 seconds. Once again, this light just semmed to turn itself off as quickly as it came on. That was it. I just have to say that i have seen unexplainable lights like this before when i would be driving alone over different periods of time but, never have i seen two different sightings on the same night within minutes of each other and having two other witnesses with me. These sighting occured south and north of Converse, Indiana on county road 1350. The first one in Howard County and the second just a bit north of the Wabash-Miami County line.;40.579;-85.8763
Awesome red lights put on an other-worldly display in Converse, Indiana, and blew my mind.;2007-04-24 21:30:00;One Hour;Awesome red lights put on an other-worldly display in Converse, Indiana, and blew my mind. At about 9:30 pm on April 24, 2007, I was looking to the west when two lights appeared for several seconds and then disappeared. The lights had a red tint and were brighter than a normal star or planet. They were not very far apart, maybe the width of two fingers if viewed from an out-stretched hand. A few seconds later, the same pattern appeared about 30 degrees to the north. I had the sense that no normal aircraft could have covered that amount of distance in that short of time. The lights stayed on for a few seconds and then disappeared. Several minutes later, a single light was seen for a few seconds. At this point, I went inside a told my wife and daughter. About ten minutes later, another display occurred, which was witnessed by all three of us. This time, there was a larger light, consisting of three segments, plus two small lights to the right of the big light. All lights in the whole episode had the red tint. They always appeared for several seconds and then disappeared. At their next appearance, the lights seemed to put on the grand finale.  At least six lights appeared. They seemed to move. It was an awesome display. I want to see them again.;40.579;-85.8763
2/21/08 Converse, In   Lights  75 min   2 sets of 3 lights over country field viewed from car;2008-02-21 20:06:00;30 min.off & on;2/21/08 Converse, In   Lights  75 min   2 sets of 3 lights over country field viewed from car We were driving on a state road heading West when two sets of three lights appreared in the sky to our right. We slowed down to look and they went off. We continued to watch in that direction and they appeared again and pulsated on and off, they had a soft gold glow. We then noticed a jet flying fast from a nearby air base, directly to where the lights had been. The jet then continued to circle the area before he flew off. We then turned North on another state road to try and see more. Sure enough the two sets of three lights came on again in a different area in the night sky. Again the jet came flying in and the lights went off. We set out in the country for another 30 minutes hoping for another sighting and saw just one set of lights,they pulseatedand then went off and that was it.Although we stayed out in the country for awhile we finally gave up reluctantly and went home. This happened on Feb. 21, 2008 at 8:06 p.m.;40.579;-85.8763
