Bright beam of light with faint sound.;1976-07-15 23:00:00;5-7 minutes;Bright beam of light with faint sound. Date: 8 September 2011  To: UFO Research Web Site  Subj: Encounter  INTRO: I'm presenting this record 35 years after-the-fact as (1) I am now retired and (2) at my age I am no longer concerned about ridicule and skeptics. For the record I have never investigated UFO's or done any research on them. I only visited a UFO web site once, and that was just yesterday! I will say however, of all the reports I've ever heard about on TV, I have never heard of a incident similar to the one I am about to describe. THE SETTING: LOCATION & TIME: Leominster, MA Mid-July, 1976 Late evening. WEATHER: Clear, warm, calm winds. WITNESSES: Myself and wife and one neighbor (two days later). LIGHTING CONDITIONS: 	a. OUTSIDE: Dark (no Moon to my recollection) and one Street lamp a hundred yards+ to the NE (across & up the street) . Also, this lamp was blocked by neighbor house, not directly visible. A street lamp directly across the street was not working at the time. 	b. INSIDE (house): Table lamp (2), 40W bulb each, no active TV.  THE INCIDENT: It was a Saturday evening and wife & I had just come home from visiting family across town. I had gone to bedroom on SE corner of house to get ready for bed. My wife had just come out of bathroom and gone into living room to turn the TV on for evening news & weather, when she called me to come and look outside with her. This was at the opposite end of the house or towards the west or NW.  She directed me to the raised (open) window facing west, where our large garden was located. There was a bright beam of white light shining onto the garden from above. The light was extremely bright, in a straight column, not 'angled' at all and I would estimate the width to be 15-20 feet. My first thought was Why would a Helicopter be shining a spot light on our garden? I then realized there was absolutely no noise or 'wind' associated with this beam of light. Both of us tried to look UP to see what was causing this, but the light was so bright nothing but the light could be seen. As the light slowly moved west-to-east, basically along the north side of our house, it was apparent the beam had defined edges. By that I mean, where the beam ended it was normal dark (outside) and the light didn't 'splash' over or fade away. At this time, while the light was slowly proceeding east, we noticed a faint sound associated with the light that went: TICK, TICK, TICK, BOOM. Where each 'TICK' was like gently tapping two pieces of metal together, and the 'BOOM' was like hearing a base drum from far away.  All were very faint, but auditable and in sequence. The sound stayed with the light throughout the incident. We followed the light and the TICK, TICK, TICK, BOOM as it crossed the street, went over some woods and then out of sight. The sound slowly faded and was gone after the light was no longer visible. The entire incident lasted approximately 5-7 minutes. The light was visible as it passed across the street, over the woods and then out of sight. Even then, nothing could be seen at the top of the beam or from where it was emitting. It was simply a beam of light that seemed to have no source, and it was accompanied by that sound: TICK, TICK, TICK, BOOM. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.5301;-71.7552999999999
Currently observing this object.  Is in distance can clearly see Venus to the upper L of this object.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus?  PD));2017-01-26 16:30:00;Ongoing;I am currently observing this object right now.  Is often distance I can clearly see Venus to the upper left of this object the subject has been what appears to be in a stationary position for what I have been observing for some 55 plus minutes now and also changed colors the white light disappeared it when black for about three to four maybe five seconds then reappeared as a red orange Hue color and has remained a white color sense I can clearly see Venus off in the background this object is reflecting light on top of the clouds and his definitely in our atmosphere not in outer space this event still going on currently it is 7:30 p.m. eastern time this is a serious report, it cannot be Venus Venus's light is not that big and not that bright and despite all of that Venus is light would not turn off and remain off black in the sky for 5 plus seconds and then reappear with a clearly visibly change in the color of light from a white bright light to a red orange and then the light went off again for another three to five seconds and then reappeared with the white light again this is not Venus I know Venus looks like Google Sky Maps is showing Venus and it's showing it exactly where it is in the picture that I'm about to send you it shows it to the upper left of this object this object is definitely in our atmosphere above the clouds right now ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides a high-quality photo, which strongly suggests to us that the object is Venus.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  First posted for January 16, 2017, but that was a flawed date.  The correct date is January 26, 2017.  PD));42.5301;-71.7552999999999
