Several strange lights in Texas;1996-08-15 01:00:00;1 hour;Several strange lights in Texas This all happend early one morning when i was coming home from a family reunion in Wellington,Tx. Me and my parents had decided to come home that night so we wouldnt have to do so that morning because my parents hated to wait on things they wanted to do, my father, mother, and myself were in the pickup driving home to Lubbock i had fallen asleep half way home to the town of Floyadada,Tx when we came to this town my mother had woken me up saying that there was something in the sky so i sat up in my seat and when i looked out of the window i saw several different lights buzzing around the sky, now where this took place is in basic farm country so there were no street lights and was also completly quiet, these lights were silver,blue,green and also red from the best of my memory, keep in mind this happend over 8 years ago. So we see these lights slowly moving around, a few crossed the road while others seemed to hide behind one another then move back out into view, we became curious so my father stopped on the side of the road we rolled the windows down to listen but we couldnt hear anything what so ever.My dad proceeded to drive down the highway again and noticed one of these lights following us on our passenger side in the distance so my father stopped the pickup and the light stopped with us, my father took off again and the light moved again, needless to say this was a very strange thing that happened that night, this happend for 1 hour to maybe 1 and a half hours all the way to Lubbock, there were hundreds of people parked on the side of the road to Lubbock city limits. It's a different world out in the country were there are no cities because you just cant see the sky like you can out in the country.;33.5466679104477;-101.899830348259
Lubbock, TX: saw an illuminated object moving quickly from the south to the north at a high altitude and was being followed by a plane.;2006-03-24 22:30:00;30 seconds;Lubbock, TX: saw an illuminated object moving quickly from the south to the north at a high altitude and was being followed by a plane. At around 10:30 pm I was in my back yard and saw a swift moving lighted circular object that was about 35 degrees above the horizon at what seemed a high altitude.  My house faces north and the back door into the back yard faces south.  I was standing in the middle of my yard and noticed the object in the south sky moving north-north west.  One block south of my house there is a brightly lit car lot and birds and bats can be illuminated up to about 100 feet above the lot.  I first I thought it was an illuminated bird as it moved across the sky but as it moved very quickly (approximately 10 times the speed of a jet airliner at cruising altitude)from a south-south west, to west position it became obvious that it was it was not being illuminated from the ground because it never waivered in brightness and appeared to be at a high altitude.  The light was not brilliant more of solid off white illumination.  The light did not blink nor did I see it change color (I am red-green color blind and therefore might not of noticed subtle color changes).  Once it was approaching a due west position I called my wife out to see.  She saw it to and first thought it was a plane but I pointed out the velocity and she agreed that it was moving very fast and could not make out what it could be.  It appeared to very slightly lower in altitude as it moved.  We tracked it from the back yard until my sight line was blocked by my neighbors house.  I then walked quickly to the front yard and saw it in the northwest sky for about 5 more seconds before it again moved out of my sight line by the roofs of houses across the street.  At the point that my sight line was blocked it was only about 15 degrees above the horizon.  I then walked back into my house and back into the back yard.  I then noticed a plane in the southwest sky that was approaching from the south west then changed direction moving north along a very similar path that was taken by the object.  The lights on this plane were a yellowish color and it had a blinking light.  It was moving much slower than the object that had just passed.;33.5466679104477;-101.899830348259
Large circular steady intense light and smaller less intense mobile companion light.;2009-10-17 19:30:00;2 minutes;Large circular steady intense light and smaller less intense mobile companion light. From a location of appx +33 degrees 35' 9.14 and -101 degrees 51' 49.89 an object was seen at an angle of 25 to 30 degrees from horizon. If the center of a clock were our location, and 12 O'clock was dead north, the object was north northwest in appx the 11 O'clock direction. The object was quite large for a distant object, roughly 4mm of size in appearance and circular. Incredibly bright and white, it was more intense in brightness than the intensity of the streetlamps on the street below. It gave off no amount of light to the ground or area, the idea is simply to describe the relative brightness and intensity of the light. The object appeared to be at a great distance, and was no more than white light. There was no way to determine any sort of object detail with the amount of distance, but the size and brightness was utterly striking. It was holding dead still relative to a building's roofline below it (simply used to reference). It initially appeared to be an incredibly large and bright star to the observers, however it then began acting very strangely. While continuing its perfectly dead hold, a small light resembling the size and intensity of an aircraft warning light (viewed at great distance), left it. The smaller light exited perfectly from the center and bottom of the large light and had appx 1/2 the intensity of brightness and only a small dot of size, much smaller than the first object. This small light moved slowly and perfectly downward with zero flashing from either object and perfectly steady light and movement (no stuttering or jumping). It had the appearance of a falling flare on a parachute in descent speed, however over the 10 or so seconds of fall there was zero lateral movement. From the original object to its lowest point, the distance was likely 2 or 3 degrees between objects. The smaller light then stopped perfectly still and hung dead still. The total journey down lasted appx 10 - 15 seconds of travel time. The object then hung for 5 - 10 seconds dead still below the first one. At this point the upper object became very slowly less intense, until it reached appx 1/2 original brightness. This made the two objects the same intensity at this point. The small lower object then began to traverse upwards and to the right slightly at the same rate it had used on the descent but now at a relative diagonal. Eventually it passed the original large object on the right by appx 1/2 of a degree and continued until it reached appx 1/2 to 1 degree of distance upwards and to the right of the original object. Using the clock analogy again, with the larger object at the center of the clock, the smaller object was located at appx the 1 o'clock position. During this ascent the large original object began again another very gradual fade and size shift until it was smaller in appearance and eventually equal in appearance to the smaller second object. Eventually the original object became so dim and small that it was unable to be seen at all. The second object remained visible and dead steady for appx another 5 - 10 seconds before it too dimmed slowly until disappearance.  The entire encounter lasted likely 1 or 2 minutes total. The objects were both white light and circular / dot like. No defining shape or features could be seen. No flashing. No flickering. No trails or tails. No other movement in any directions or traversing of the sky in even the most minute amount unless otherwise described above. Zero chance of confusion with aircraft. Only possibilities could be orbital objects. Researched Iridium flare objects, wrong coloration, intensity, and timing entirely. Smaller secondary object is utterly confounding in movements. Cannot explain the utter lack of movement for larger object. Appeared almost perfectly like a star expect for extreme intensity and size.  Thank you;33.5466679104477;-101.899830348259
Circle shape turned triangle (T) shape produced bright color in night sky then disappeared.;2012-01-22 19:15:00;30;Circle shape turned triangle (T) shape produced bright color in night sky then disappeared. I walked outside on my front porch to let my 3 dogs out, my sister was with me and we had thought  it was the north star until we looked up further in the sky and saw the actual north star.  I continued to watch while my sister went for the brand new sony dcr-sx45 handycam.  Then I started to film and use the 70x zoom, It was then that we realized what we were witnessing a ufo, our first sighting. It was a circle almost plate like and continued to more almost like spinning in place.  To the naked eye you could not see the movement but it continued to spin and dark back and forth, getting closer and further from us with-in the blink of an eye.  Then it started to change color producing a dark but bright purple light, almost like a small flash.  Then it changed into what at first seemed like a cross and then a triangle, at the end of the recording u can see it almost like wings flapping and within a blink it disappeared.  About 15 to 25 minutes around 7:15 pm January 22, 2012;33.5466679104477;-101.899830348259
