Descending object over inaccessible cypress Forest intermittently flashing extremely intense light;2018-09-17 04:00:00;30 minutes;Descending object over inaccessible cypress Forest intermittently flashing extremely intense light At approximately 4am,I was in my pool floating on a pool float listening to music.  I love star gazing, so I was initially just looking right above me at the stars.  Just north of Oldsmar, I noticed an intense flash of light in the corner of my eye.  It should be noted that this intense light was not as intense as lightening which envelopes the space around you.  It was like a flash of a camera.  I turned my floaty to lock my eyes on that area to see if I'd notice a flash again and then 3 minutes later.  I saw it again.  I did not see any sort of dim light in sky in between flashes.  This flash happened every 3 minutes like clock work.  Everytime it flashed, I noticed that it was decending slowly.  Over a 30 minute time frame it went from very high in the sky to just below the tree line of the horizon.  Although it descended below the tree line, I could still see the flash as a result of Aura light emission.  At this point, I'm thinking to myself is this thing landing in the forest!?  This is when things got weird and scary as hell.   All the sudden the flashing object I had been watching that descended and went below tree line and kept flashing started making its way towards me and I knew this because the actual flash  became visible again but at the same time I knew it was getting closer because it was getting bigger.  As it closer and closer to me I was scared shitless and jumped off my floaty because I was having these nightmarish thoughts that the next time I would see it flash that it would be right over me.   See that's the weird part.  I remember having these thoughts and then jumping off floaty and getting out of pool,  But apparently what I thought my reaction was never happened!  Why?  Because my wife woke me up at 6am in the floaty and my phone was in the bottom of the pool which means I never jumped off my floaty and got out of pool like I thought I did.   Here is my rational thought and theory as to what really happened and what I'm choosing to believe.  I'm thinking, after the flashing light went below the tree line that I simply fell asleep shortly after that and me having thoughts of it approaching and being right over me and me jumping off floaty and out of pool was simply a nightmarish dream after I fell asleep... Please note:  at no time did I ever see an object between flashes;28.0450999999999;-82.6880000000001
