The Book of Yahweh;2000-10-13 19:14:00;around 1 min.;((NUFORC Note:  The object reported over Texas, Oklahoma, and Kansas on this Friday night apparently was a Russian Proton 2 rocket casing, which re-entered the atmosphere over the Midwest.  To the best of our knowledge, the event had no special Biblical significance, although the Bible is not our specialty here.  PD)) The Book of Yahweh On Oct 13, 2000 we were keeping the first day of Tabernacles... in fact it was just a very few min. after sundown which begins the day and we looked up in the sky not too high and a vessel traveling at a great speed but putting out a lot of smoke from behind it was spotted.  Within moments it passed almost directly overhead traveling to the North and all of a sudden split up into 4 different parts... almost like an explosion.  One of the Abilene, Texas News crews actually had some footage on this thing but it seems as though it got hushed up pretty quickly.  I know that I would like to know more about it, and in a biblical sense think it's splitting up into four parts has to do with a prophesy of these end times. In fact the date given may actually be Oct 12th as it was actually the 13th after sundown, but following the Roman Catholic thing... it would have been the 12th until midnight.  The 13th was actually 7 years exactly from the time that the Peace Agreement for Israel was ratified and went into effect... exactly 7 years to the date of this sighting from the time the Peace Agreement was ratified!  Looking at the Peace Treaty... it was active exactly 3 1/2 years, and went out of effect for exactly 3 1/2 years when the sighting occoured!  A time, times and the dividing of a time... found in Revelations and also spoken of by the prophets.  October 13th was the date of the sealing of the Servants of Yahweh and in Revelations it speaks about the four Malakim (known to all the world as angels.. but angels are messangers of Satan and follow Her every command) that are holding back the winds of war so it doesn't hurt the earth, sea nor any tree... Revelations 7:1-8.  October 13th the servants were sealed and the Malakim were only holding the winds of war back until this sealing. I know this sounds far fetched and like I've fallen off my rocker... maybe I have given you too much information that you feel is not relevant?  None the less, all these gods are doing is tresspassing on the earth under the Devil's control and She has only a short time to bring utter destruction to all mankind.  Her angels are what you find flying around in these space vessels.  The neandrethal man they found and did DNA testing on and found it to have no human DNA was one of these gods... one of the children of Yahweh... at least he created them too.  The vessel we saw that evening that broke up into four parts... right after the sealing of the remenant of the 144,000 the winds of war may have been released. Can you give me further information on what this vessel did after it split apart and where the other parts ended up?  I would not be supprized to hear that one landed at the Vatican to talk with the pope to hurry up and get the destruction under way as soon as possible.  We believe that Satan Herself is a guest in the Vatacan.. delivered by one of the vessels that come out of the comet that came forth from Jupiter somewhere around the exact time that the Peace Treaty went out of effect... 3 1/2 years after it went into effect 7 years ago on October 13th.  One of the vessels went over NM from what I understand and the other over the Vatacan... the city that sits on 7 hills... you can read about this place in Revelations 17:1-18, read it for yourself... remember in verse 9 it talks about this woman who has on her head written:  MYSTERY BABYLON THE GREAT THE MOTHER OF THE HARLOTS AND OF THE ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.... verse 9 says, And here is the mind which has wisdom:  The seven heads are seven mountains on which the woman sits.  We believe this woman..Satan the Devil now sits there in the Vatacan that sits on seven mountains... Rome is her new home.  She was cast down.. Revelations 12:9 says, And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, who DECEIVES THE WHOLE WORLD.  She was cast out into the earth, and her angels were cast out with her.  Has to do with the dates!  Remember when we had said that transmissions of S.O.S. were comming from Jupiter, and then all of a sudden this comet called....LEVI comes out of almost nowhere and bombards Jupiter for 6 days but stopped on Friday before Sundown... which begins the Sabbath.  Hit it with 21 big old rocks and then all of a sudden this other comet comes out from ...behind  Jupiter and heads directly toward the earth?????  Then this big old block of so called Ice explodes a short way out from earth... into two seperate chunks of ice????  When's the last time you saw a chunck of Exploding Ice????  Satan is here! my frie nds and sits with the pope who is about to take over the Holy Land.. as prophesied that it would be given to the gentiles. Now then please let us know what ocoured to those four parts of that one vessel that came to earth?  Can, or will you tell me where they ended up... United Nations building, Vatican, Moscow, White House.....????  Where???  Your help would be greatly appreceiated.  Thanks!;32.3808;-99.5167
