Bright light v shaped craft.;2013-11-05 21:28:00;21:40;Bright light v shaped craft As we were heading on I40 heading to conway by the rice fields in front of us we see a lights  going straight down.  Think its a plane about to crash it jolts, straightening out, then appears to hover and falls behind tree lines.   Then a few miles up the road we see it agian now in feont of is and it has bright lights in a v shape.  Then it seemed to hoover over our vehicle amd you can hear humming of the object.  Then it seems to slow move.  As we decide to pull over the craft is gone.;34.9655;-92.4022
UFO witnessed in Mayflower, AR, with brief power outage.  9-10-2015.;2015-09-10 20:21:00;5 minutes;UFO witnessed in Mayflower, AR, with brief power outage. 9-10-2015 My father and I where unhooking the boat from a day of fishing at my house.  I noticed a very bright light moving rapidly from the south.  As it was nearing closer into my field of vision it was displaying erratic fly patterns.  Zooming side to side before stopping and hovering, then moving quickly back and forth and stopping again, no noise.   I ran inside and got my wife to come outside and also grabbed the binoculars.  When I focused on the craft I could clearly make out 3 white lights and one blue light lined up horizontally.  The blue light toward the left end.  There were no flashing beacons or red lights displayed.  We sat there and watched it for approximately 3 minutes and my father said it had to be a drone.  I asked if he had ever seen a drone and he said no.   The craft disappeared behind the tree-line and he left to go home and I went inside to take a shower and my wife came back inside and said it was back while I was in the shower and I ran outside! with only my towel on, as I was making my way to the door the power went out.  I opened the door and my neighborhood and perhaps the city of Mayflower was in a blackout and there was the craft just hovering in the sky that was changing different hues of blue.   The power then came back on and the craft continued to hover for about 2 minutes then disappeared.  Caught on video with an I-PAD.  Weird stuff. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Greetings Peter Davenport,  I received your reply from my other email address.  The video was shot with an IPAD as stated and is very shaky and grainy as my wife was shooting it and kept moving around.  You can clearly see at one point how the street lamp was barely glowing after the power went out and then was brightly lit suddenly when the power came back on.  I am no authority on such sightings and it very well could have been a drone, I guess, but it moved really fast in from the south and the height was hard to judge but looked to be a half mile to a mile up and the movements were very precise when shifting directions.  Considering this event was witnessed with a power failure also led me to believe it may not have been a drone.  Again it could have just been a coincidence.  Also our house is located right under a street lamp that kind of hinders the quality of the video.  You can clearly hear us getting excited when we witnessed the event.  I am skeptical of sending this video to anyone because I wish to remain anonymous as well as have our voices muted in the video or altered if I do send it to you.  This is my wife's second sighting at this address but my first.  Her first sighting happened (with no video) in the fall approximately two years ago in the daytime when she witnessed a huge cigar like shape that was holographic/translucent in physical form that passed right over the house with no noise.  As it passed over, the power lines that ran in front of our house shook violently according to her.  According to her this was craft of no earthly origin, that much she is certain of.  No one else apparently witnessed the event and I had a hard time believing her, maybe not so much now.  This object also came out of the southern hemisphere.  Just some noteworthy info..there is an air force base not to far from here (20 miles or so) also.  The Jacksonville Air Force Base as well as Camp Joseph T Robinson, a military training facility are both in close proximity to each other and our location.  Please respond to this email if you need to contact me.   ((END ADDENDUM));34.9655;-92.4022
