My girlfriend and I saw a ball of bright light making some impossible maneuvers for at least 5 min,looked away for 1 sec and it’s gone.;2020-03-09 10:47:00;5 minutes;My girlfriend and I saw a ball of bright light making some impossible maneuvers for at least 5 min,looked away for 1 sec and it’s gone. I came home with my girlfriend from a friends late at night. The house is positioned at the top of a very slight hill, with a small driveway at the base of said hill. We parked at the base of the driveway, and proceeded to walk up to the house. As we were walking up, my girlfriend pointed out a ball of light in the sky that stood out  among the stars that was seemingly floating in the distance behind & over her house. After going inside, I went to the screen porch door at the back of the house to see if the light ball was still there. It was still there, floating in the distance, just a circular ball of light that was making maneuvers in the sky. There was no engine or rotor noise like you would hear from a jet or helicopter so I was really just curious as to what I was looking at. My girlfriend had gone straight to the bathroom to clean up, and I was still standing at the screen porch watching this thing bounce around in the sky when she came back downstair! s. At this point we both just stand at the screen door staring at this circular light for several minutes, debating on what we though it might be. She eventually became bored and went to watch tv, but I just couldn’t take my eyes off of this thing. Just the way it moved in the sky was unlike anything I’d seen in my life and I live next to a military base where I see things in the sky all the time and I don’t even take a second glance. After at least 5 minutes of watching this ball intently, I took my eyes off it to turn and say something to my girlfriend along the lines of “ it’s either a massive drone or a guy flying around on a jet pack” and when I turned to look back for the light ball the thing had completely disappeared.;44.459;-72.9552
