August 5 2012 Alabama chemtrails, punch hole clouds, and ufos.;2012-08-05 19:40:00;5 seconds;august 5 2012 alabama chemtrails, punch hole clouds,  and ufos I was standing outside of a store in Alabama.. I was waiting on my wife to get snacks for my neices who were spending the night.  What prompted me to step out of my car were two huge punch hole clouds, as I watched them for about 5 minutes, I the see this big air plane come through leaving a good sized chemtrail.   At this point,  I'm ezcited to actually be able with my own eyes how these are going to manipulate these hole punch clouds,  that's. What they are for,  according to some. As I am really watching I see the punch hole clouds breaking up, there's. A cloud to my right, almost behind me, the sun was also in that direction blut being blocked by a mushroom cloud,like you would see after a huge explosion.. I then saw a small white craft in the distance,  leaving out of the clods that were holeq punch clouds that are at the time I'm seeing this,  disapated. I thought I was seeing things but its back drop was a blue sky in broad day light,  no sounds from th! e craft,  it seemed to have dissappeared a couple of times as it went verticle in the sky, I was able to regain a visual at great distances apart.  I thought that was crazy, as I look behind me turning to the left to see if any aircraft was in the air, there was none.  I turned back to the right to look for any more activity in front of me, in turning I saw a huge white cigar shape craft,  even just seeing one a minute or two earlier, my minds first thought was hey,  that was there a split second ago. It took a blink of an eye for me to be looking at a space craft up close hovering. I stood there a good 5 seconds, enough time time say to my three year old son who was in his car seat &quotdo you see that buddy that's no air plane. with the clearest veiw anyone could have. I don't have any epics or video, I personally don't. Need them,  I know what I saw. My whole world is shaken. I always thought they were real. I was the guy who would tell people I believed in them just to! get them to just open their minds, yesterday, I became the gu! y that s aw it with his own eyes, that his own family doesn't Believe. I honestly couldn't care less if anyone believes, if it would have been for them to see, they would have seen it...  thank you ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.1939000000001;-86.7915999999999
