object over a dairy farm about a mile to a mile and a half before Dateland, Arizona. Visiable for about 1hour.;2005-07-10 00:00:00;30-60 min;object over a dairy farm about a mile to a mile and a half before Dateland, Arizona. Visiable for about 1hour. I was on my way to San Diego, CA. via the interstate 8 hwy, when about a mile to a mile and a half before Dateland, Arizona, out of no where there appeared a craft, or something, facing south right next to the freeway.  It had 4 amber lights (2 horizantal & 2 diaginal) at the bottom and the shape above the lights was a cone shaped, with a grayish color.  I called a friend of mine due to fear, and was talking to her when out of no where there appeared 4 more lights in a vertical row.  I told her what was happening and my 9yr old daughter woke up to my panic and saw all of this as well, and eventually my 7yr old son woke up and saw this also.  The lights continued to stay for awhile, went out then reappeared. We went through the first range of mountains and you could not see them from behind them. Then out of no where again the lights appeared on the other side of the mountain in a V formation, the left far end light went out and then reappeared about 3 seconds later hundreds of feet/yards from where it went out.  This is the second report that I have put on this website, and there were a lot of cars on the road this time as well.  I have never before seen anything like this........I TOOK SEVERAL PICTURES, BUT ALL YOU CAN SEE IS THESE STRAINGE LIGHTS, I am going to go and look into getting them blown up to see if you can see anything more. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate the date of the incident.  We have sent her a message, requesting clarification.  We have assigned an artificial date above, until we receive the correct date of the sighting from the witness.  PD));32.7938;-113.5392
Flashes of light cone object darting around the desert joined by multiple other objects.;2017-08-21 02:30:00;15-20 minutes;Flashes of light cone object darting around the desert joined by multiple other objects Approximately at 0230 just east of Dateland, AZ, there was a flash of white light that lit up the entire desert as if in broad daylight.  My wife and I saw what appeared to be a cone shaped object in a hover off to the north of us probably a couple feet off the ground, it then disappeared as fast as we saw it and another flash happened about thirty seconds later over some hills further northwest probably 12-15 miles away.   As an aircraft maintainer in the armed forces, I knew this wasn't anything in our military's catalog of war machines.    My wife and I decided to pull off to get gas and get a better look in Tacna, AZ, about 10 minutes after the initial flashes.  All the drive to said gas station we continued seeing this object come closer to the highway then move rapidly away.   At the gas station we noticed a weird hazy glow coming off of the object, which was still cone shaped with a green light vertically and white lights on the bottom.   As we were watching, about five other objects appeared as well all in an odd pattern in the Big Dipper constellation.;32.7938;-113.5392
