Odd amber lights in AZ;2000-10-29 21:30:00;10 min;Odd amber lights in AZ My fiance and I were driving from Flagstaff, AZ to San Diego, CA.  At the time of our sighting (Approx. 21:30) were heading west on I-8 in Arizona about half-way between Dateland and Welton.  I have since found out the Goldwater AFB runs right along the freeway there.  I was driving.  I looked in my rear-view mirror and saw one very bright amber orb of light behind, to the SE of us.  I watched it for about a minute until it just blinked out.  We drove another couple of minutes and didn't think to much of it, it could have been anything.  A couple of minutes later, due South, I saw three amber orbs lined up vertically, perfectly equidistant from each other.  They were at about a 100 degree angle from our car (to my left and just a little bit behind the car).  I would guess they were only 1-200ft from the south side of the east-bound freeway.  The bottom light maybe 100ft from the ground, putting the top light maybe 400ft from the ground.  The lights faded on and off for about a minute.  They seemed to be following the same dirrection of our car and the exact same speed.  We were a little scared to think we might be being followed, for this reason we never did pull over.  When the lights were at their brightest the middle light split into two seperate lights now with a total of four lights in a diamond shape, roughly 300ft hight x 100ft wide.  At one point I rolled down my window to see if they were making any sound.  I could hear our car and the other few cars but no sound otherwise.  They were still pulsating and moving along the same path as the car.  They were not moving any further north towards us but going west with us.  It didn't actually appear as though they were moving but they weren't getting any further away and we were traveling about 75mph.  Another couple of minutes and the two outside lights each split into three seperate lights making a total of eight.  They maintained perfect formation and never broke their equidistance.  I couldn't see an actual structure holding them t! ogether but I couldn't make out the horizon behind them whereas I could on either side.  The light was completely self contained and shed no light on the surroundings.  Another couple of minutes and they seemed to stop following the same path and were either going a lot slower or stopped and we kept going.  The lights eventually dimmed out all together.  I kept looking up and saw a few more unusual flashes high up in the sky but the latter lights could very well have been some known aircraft, shooting stars, or a meteor shower.  I have educated myself on the appearance of flares.  These WERE NOT FLARES.  There was no smoke, the lights never once descended.  They were amber not white and did not flicker what-so-ever.;32.7938;-113.5392
