Slow fliying, triangular shaped object, that moved from the horizon, overhead, until it vanished from sighton the opposite horizon;1998-11-11 21:45:00;45SEC-1.5MIN;Slow fliying, triangular shaped object, that moved from the horizon, overhead, until it vanished from sighton the opposite horizon I am a 28 year old band agent and talent scout for a well known concert promotion/entertainment agency.  I was in Oxford, MS on business, and stopped at a friends apartment befor going out for the night.  On the drive over, my other friends and I had japed that it was a perfect night to see a U.F.O. because of the beautiful clear sky.  I stepped out back (9:45)to light a cigarette, and happened to glance at the tree covered sky line, to see what I thought was a kite flying in the distance.  It appeared to be a black plastic triangular kite, barely reflecting the light.  As the object got closer (about the size of my hand held at arms leangth), I thought maybe someone had lost a kite and it was flying free. The only thing that seemed stange was the fact that the object was flying in a straight line. At this point I realized I could make out the shape of the object because of it's reflective or illuminated front sides.  As the thing approched almost directly overhead the it was still almost invisible, other than the nine or eleven very dim lights outlining the front.  at this time it had gone from legal pad sized to a full arms lenght across.  I new I didn't have a camera, so I called into the apartment to get some attention.  Three friend came outside to see the object pass overhead and disapear into the night on the opposit horizon.  Although the triangle seemed to light up in the front, we could not tell if it was reflecting light or self illuminated.  the triangle was so faint that if you were not looking directly at it, you couldn't see it.  It didn't stand out aginst the night at all.  The object made no sounds or sudden movements.  As a matter of fact, it did nothing spectacular at all. I'v always believed in U.F.O'S, but never that I would see one: until now.  I don't know what to make of this. Danny H.;34.3308999999999;-89.4837
