I just seen something that was magical;2009-10-07 10:42:00;2 minutes;I just seen something that was magical Wow. I'm speechless now as I sit here. I don't even believe in stuff like this. But about 17 minutes ago I just seen something that was almost like it was magically. I went outside to smoke a cigarette like I always do before I go to bed. I look at the sky alot because I am interesting in astronomy. I look over to the right side of the porch and through the trees near the river I live I see a bright blue light.. Well I ruled it out not being a air craft because it was moving back and forth over and over again really fast. i ruled it out not being a shooting star because it was just hovering. I ruled it out not being a planet because I know what a planet looks like. I don'tknow what it was. I went inside to tell my mom and sister and when I Came back out it was gone.. I looked all around where it could have been and it wasn't there anymore.. Idk what just happened.. It was like something out of a damn sci fi movie.;32.5522;-82.8721
2 large red lights, 1 stationary and 1 moving at high rate of speed.;2013-09-24 21:00:00;1 minute;2 large red lights, 1 stationary and 1 moving at high rate of speed. I live in a rural area in eastern Laurens County. I have never seen anything like this before or since.  Behind my house is a large pasture to the left, and a large wheat field to the right.  Took my dog outside before going to bed on this night and notices two large red lights in the sky.  The lights had a small outline around them like a haze or something similar.  They made no noise.   They appeared to be about 2 miles beyond my house over the wheat field.  They seemed to be maybe a quarter mile apart.  The two lights were not moving.   As I continued to watch, the light on the left darted off to the left at a high rate of speed and disappeared.  The same light then reappeared about 2 miles to the left of where I originally saw it.   The object on the right stayed in the same spot the whole time, and vanished around 45 seconds after I first spotted it.  The object that darted off then vanished about 15 seconds later.   My dog seemed to notice this event as well as he stopped and looked in that direction the whole time.  I have not seen them since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.5522;-82.8721
