Triangular-Rounded Edges-Very Black-Rimmed evenly with small lights and unevenly on its underside.;1972-06-22 03:15:00;06-10 sec;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) Triangular-Rounded Edges-Very Black-Rimmed evenly with small lights and unevenly on its underside. Im only reporting this because on the front page of your web-site... a sighting(Triangular Object...) reported by a witness in San Diego California(apr 27,2001/23:00pm) was almost exactly the experience that i had!.  (Story): A school friend and i camped outside(after the last day of high-school exams) in the backyard at his parents place...my friend was listening to a recorded tape of a football game from the previous afternoon.  I didn't care to listen to it so i positioned myself so that half of me was outside the tent(laying down on my back). I folded my hands behind my head and looked upward's into the clear night sky to look at the stars(amazingly... at that time in Edmonton... one could still see the stars at night).  After a short while(30 to 60 minutes)... i saw something very odd and striking directly above me... very high in the sky. It was very Black...very clearly Triangular...with rounded edges, not sharp or pointed edges. Because i could make out evenly spaced lights all around the triangular circumference of the object, i could see that it had rounded edges... and interspersed within its shape was a limited assortement of lights with no pattern or organization. All the lights were white(no-colors)...and perhap's a little less brighter than the star-light( it blended almost perfectly into the black starry sky).  Like the other witness said... if he hadn't been directly looking at that exact position in the sky he probably would have missed it...this was the same for me... i was afraid that if i took my eyes off of it... that i might lose sight of it( the lights of the ship blended with the stars making it hard to see). It indeed was stealthy and hard to keep track of visually. It was without any sound at all!. At that moment my friend's dog which was inside the tent with him went absolutelely berserk...barking like mad...(the dog was quiet all evening)...I quickley got up off the ground to stand up to track it as it moved at a startling speed(no jet travels that fast...ever!) from the ! north-we st to the south-east in a straight line towards the horizion where the very 1st indications of the next morning's sunrise glow was just barely dicernable. As i got up i had only enough time to call out my friend's name 3-4 times to get him to come out of the tent to see the object with me before it was gone altogether!. He didn't even have a chance to come out... this whole scenario was over with in less than 10 second's... his dog returned to his normal quiet self!. Correctly or Incorrectly i evaluated this object as being very large... i thought that it must be approximately a half a mile to a mile long... it did not look like it was small at all!. At this moment i would not care to be contacted by phone... however E-mail would be alright with me.;45.3636652173912;-122.619526086957
Spoted craft at a low altitude southwest of town . It appeared to be traveling about sixty miles per hour . As the craft got closer I w;2001-07-23 21:30:00;15:00 min;Spoted craft at a low altitude southwest of town . It appeared to be traveling about sixty miles per hour . As the craft got closer I was able to make out very clear detail . It was approximately threehundred feet across the tail section and about the same distance from nose to tail . The leading edge was rounded and it appeared to be about fifteen feet through a cross section . The hull was made up of what appeared to be metal plates about ten feet square riveted ? to the craft . The plates appeared to be a steel gray in color . there were no windows that I could see . The aft end of the craft was just one flat sheet of metal . The craft made no noise save the sound of the wind passing over the surface of the hull . There were three white lights on the craft at each corner . Thats all , Thank You .;45.3636652173912;-122.619526086957
Triangular light formation hovering over Oregon City/ West Linn area Oregon.;2010-05-29 21:30:00;3 mins;Triangular light formation hovering over Oregon City/ West Linn area Oregon. Occurred: May 29, 2010 around 9:20pm   I was driving to work from my home getting ready to turn onto I-205 north and to the East above the treeline I saw 3 lights in the sky. They were in a perfect formation of approximately a 25-30% angle triangle with the center point above the other 2 outer low points. The points of light were way to far apart to be any plane or aircraft I have EVER seen!  I didn't see any distinct blinking lights like those from an airplane or any other common aircraft.  The individual lights would somewhat pulsate in intensity but not a true blink. One light would get brighter though the light didn't radiate outward to appear any larger, just brighter, as another would dim in unison. They seemed to take turns dimming/brightening.  I don't recall seeing any odd colors just white/yellowy lights. As I turned onto the freeway ramp I lost sight of it for a moment then regained sight of it to my right as I was heading north.  At this point it seemed as if the formation had slightly shifted but gone up a bit higher in altitude, though still too low to the ground for this to be a military type plane formation maneuver.  Now the northernmost light was slightly lower than the southern pointing light and it appeared closer to the center light, like how the perspective would warp if you had a solid triangular object and pivoted it slightly clockwise. At this point a fourth light appeared just barely above the tree line and even further back in the south direction than the back corner of the triangle and much lower.  This light seemed brighter and larger than the other three and seemed almost to be a tail???   Upon a quick glance at this point it would almost appear as if the little dipper had lost part of it's tail, it's bottom star, gotten very close to the earth and hovered there above Oregon City. Unfortunately I was not in a position to stop and shoot footage as I was running late for work.  I called home quick to see if my husband could see it but he could not even though we are on a slight hill.  The object was just hovering too low for it to be seen from many locations.  I say object, yet strange thing is I didn't see any solid object holding these lights in this formation.  It was BY FAR the oddest thing I have EVER seen! I have looked all over the internet, called news channels and even the local dispatch and NO ONE else seems to have reported this.  This is why I'm posting this here. I am not crazy or anything but some verification that ANYONE else saw this would ease my mind!  Thank you for reading.;45.3636652173912;-122.619526086957
A bright triangular shape hovering in sky observed from Redland Oregon, perhaps hovering over Beavercreek area. It hovered for awhile a;2021-04-22 00:00:00;3-5 minutes;A bright triangular shape hovering in sky observed from Redland Oregon, perhaps hovering over Beavercreek area. It hovered for awhile as a bright triangle then moved and perhaps turned on its side and showed blinking lights for a while,then disappeared. Later an airplane flew from the general direction, but the triangle didn't seem to be an airplane. So it was interesting UAP.;45.3636652173912;-122.619526086957
