Three bright objects verticle stance. Top two fire orange with moving outer shell . One pretended to be part of satellite tower.;2013-06-21 23:15:00;20-45 minutes;Three bright objects verticle stance.  Top two fire orange with moving outer shell . One pretended to be part of satellite tower. Looking southwest over wooded wetland area by my house l saw three circular objects through my night vision glasses.  As is routine I removed the glasses to check is they were visible without IR.  The top two were orange which appeared to me to be roiling like that is having intense internal movement with spiky protections of same red - orange material, the lowest one was not visible with naked eye was that vacant sort of luminescence. I moved into a position down my driveway and closer towards objects, at this point I have no reference to mark height or distance. Sitting on ground looking still southwesterly paying for the first time attention to the clouds and noticed two huge thunderheads coming in towards us  they were barely noticeable with naked eye but through night vision they were full of electricity .  Following  the objects one of the orange and the lower one disappeared. The remaining orange object or so it seemed to me put itself over a satellite tower about a mile away same direction  southwest . As I saw it, it was almost pretending it was the lowest light on the tower for perhaps three minutes. Then all the lights were the their proper color white no more orange balls afire! Meanwhile I was fascinated with the huge amount of electricity in the clouds and I suppose I was trying to logically figure out if there was a connection I have never seen ball lightening and don't even know if it comes by Chicago.  Around the flashes in the clouds appeared other objects .  Whiter than white funnel shapes spinning into discs whiz away from the left thunderhead clearly distinctly having an independent visable ( life?) of their own.  I saw two perhaps three of these and then horizontal white flashes emanating from the clouds.   Yes we had a large downpour early morning. Yes also this was weird.  Will keep you posted.;42.1597;-88.1414
3 Orange Lights Hovering in Night Sky over Barrington, Illinois.;2018-11-04 21:36:00;20 minutes;3 Orange Lights Hovering in Night Sky over Barrington, Illinois. (I saw this same thing on Monday, October 8th, 2018, 22:55 hrs., in Barrington, Illinois, with clear skies.  Me and my dog originally saw 3 orange-ish lights, all in one line, stacked on top of each other, like a traffic light....the lights were spaced closely to one another, changing color to like yellowy color and back to orange.)   Barrington/Barrington Hills, SW Night Sky...Sunday 11/4/2018 about 9:36 pm/21:36 hrs. some clouds in the night sky, but it had been raining most of the day and night. Cold 48' and ptly cloudy skies.  At time of sighting no rain.  Some clouds moving in night sky. Tonight took my dog potty, and floating about a half mile or less away in the night sky (in Barrington/Barrington Hills sky) were these same 3 orange colored lights.  They were obstructed behind a barren tree, I took photos and a video, but it kept moving and reappearing a few hundred feet from where it was.  I ran into my house, took photos using night mode, and took a video… I am including it for your review. My wife came out, and saw it also and she thought first it was a drone, then secondly, that it was a satellite.  She is unsure what it is. This is my second sighting and now I have another witness and some photos. I do not hear anything, and none of the lights on the object are blinking or flashing red....object does change colors from orange to yellow ish and back to orange. Update I went back outside with binoculars and my camera, and now it is raining, but I took some more photos of the area it was in. I did not see the object/s this time. I would like to know if anyone is seeing/seen these lights/objects in the area?;42.1597;-88.1414
