6:05PM CST. In my car driving south I see a ball of blue green light coming towards me. I stop my car.This ball stops over the road for;1999-11-16 18:05:00;60 to 90 seconds;6:05PM CST. In my car driving south I see a ball of blue green light coming towards me. I stop my car.This ball stops over the road for 15 to 30 seconds. Then goes east at a very fast speed as it is going off in the distance I can see about 6 to 7 smaller balls comeout of the big one and I type formationand I could see it a very long ways out East then it went almost straight up into the sky. I am a 27 year old Male. I have been running a computer company for 8 years and curent live in a suburb outside of Chicago. I went to Embry-Riddle Flight school were I have got my license to fly aircraft have a few hundred hours of flight time. I understand flight and what it is al about and the concepts of flight.  I have always belived in UFO activity but tonite I am stunned by what I saw. It was approximately 6:05PM CST on 11.16.1999. I was driving SouthBound on Route 59 throught a fairly heavly wooded and dark area. I was talkin on my cell phone to a friend about a program we have been workin on together when all of a sudden I looked up near my rear view mirror ahead of me to see a Greenish Blue ball with a small glow about it it seem to havea slight trail of glowing vapor behind it. Now I have had already been hearing about the metour shower that was expected over the next few days so I was thinking it was a meteor, but I still watched as this object became larger as it aproached my vicenity of where I was. Now I started thinking something was strange as everything around me started getting very bright. The object stopped in  south of me  almost instantly and kind of hovered for about 15 to 30 seconds. It had a blue green color that was an auora to it and a whitish green core to the ball.  I was trying to explain to my friend about what I was seeing but had a hard time explaining.  As I watched the object it started moving east a a quick pace. As it proceeded east now I could see small balls coming out of it and trail directly behind the main ball. It rapidly moved east as could see it for sometime. I could see it glwoing as it went through a small cloud cover and I could then see it going straight upwards. I don't know how else to explain this han from what I have said about. It is just a strange thing and have felt I need to tell someone about this. Thanks- TG you can contact me by email if your interested in talking to me. However I ahave a busy schedule.;42.1597;-88.1414
