((HOAX??))  shiny light and elecromagnetic energy.;1969-06-01 12:09:00;2 hours;shiny light and elecromagnetic energy there were lights everywhere and i was blinded and couldnt even see a hand in front of my face.  as i was watching in disbelief i was suddenly shocked by a wave of magnetic energy that shot my twelve feet.  i was knocked out and down till the next morning where i discovered that i was covered in green slime that was burning my skin. i quickly went home to wash it off and i was shocked when i hit water and once again passed out untill my mom came in my house and woke me up and i was finally safe. this event will forever haunt my dreams. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.1597;-88.1414
orange spheres vivble at dusk;2008-07-04 21:15:00;30 minutes;orange spheres vivble at dusk These objects were observed by myself and many other people who had gathered at the Barrington High School to watch the July 4th fireworks display.  I noticed the first object looking towards the west-south west at about 2115CDT.  It was about 20 degrees above the horizon when I noticed it. The object did not appear to be moving relative to my position.  It was circular and appeared to be a dull orange color.  The object appeared to be glowing from within.   Shortly thereafter I saw a second object ascending from behind the tree line in the same direction as the first. This object was somewhat closer than the first one and I was able to determine that it was a balloon with a light inside. The sky that night was very clear with little wind.  I believe that these balloons are the objects that many people saw on July 4th in the Midwest. They were larger than regular party balloons and possibly as big as a weather balloon.   I am a (very) amateur astronomer and also have been an airline pilot for the past 26 years.  I am very familiar with the night sky and can say that they were definitely man-made.;42.1597;-88.1414
