Very large triangular humming (pulsing) craft with several lights moving slowly;1978-05-06 21:00:00;10 minutes;Very large triangular humming (pulsing) craft with several lights moving slowly In 1978 myself and a friend (& his younger brother)went from Cary, Il. to Chicago to film a movie for a high school project.  Upon returning home on Hwy 90, I noticed several lights off to the North.  Several minutes later I noticed the lights were still there.  Just about at that moment we were exiting Hwy 90 onto Barrington Rd. After traveling on Barrington Rd and continuing to watch these lights we turned onto Algonquin Rd & traveled several miles where Algonquin & Dundee Rds intersect.  I had lost track of the lights for about a minute or so, but suddenly to my right (I was in the passenger seat)the lights were up in the air about 100-150 feet or so above us at this intersection.   Screaming at the driver, I had him pull off the road and  I jumped out of the car to look up at an extremely large triangular object moving to the south west very slowly and making a pulsing humming sound. Hum-hum-hum etc. After it fell out of site we drove home.  The very best I can remember the lights were green & blue ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));42.1597;-88.1414
Triangle hovering over me then moved across sky;1980-08-01 23:00:00;5 seconds;Triangle hovering over me then moved across sky I was laying on grassy hill at Good Shepherd hospital in Barrington with girlfriend. I looked up to see a formation of multicolored lights in a triangular shape – like a rack of pool balls, but each line of lights were of the same color. I couldn’t make out the physical shape. It seemed to be black in color against a clear black sky. It was probably 800 ft in the air. No sound. I looked at it for approximately 2 seconds and pointed to the object. It then moved across half the horizon in about 2 seconds. I know it was watching us. I know it departed because I noticed them/it. It had unbelievable speed and no ramp during acceleration. It was either stopped and hovering or moving at 1,000s of miles per hour…with no trail or noise. I’m left with the knowledge that these flying objects are out there and not only do they have unbelievable flying abilities (it’s not fair to call it flying) they have incredible observation abilities. From about 800 or so feet they c! ould tell that I was looking at them and in 1-2 seconds they noticed me looking at them and they moved their craft across the horizon. I didn’t speak of this for over 10 years. I’ve told this to a number of people in the past 10 or so years and have been met with mixed feedback. I’ve been fortunate to meet others who have legitimate sightings and now I feel like there’s a legitimate population of “have seen” and “haven’t seen”. I’m not sure it’s any better, but at least I can say that I’m a “have seen”. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.1597;-88.1414
