We saw a metallic silver cigar shaped object flying slowly from N to S, it turned away, turned transparent and then dissappeared.;1999-11-11 16:20:00;2 minutes;We saw a metallic silver cigar shaped object flying slowly from N to S, it turned away, turned transparent and then dissappeared. A friend and I were driving from El Centro to San Diego West on Highway 8 in the mountains approximately 50 miles East of San Diego.  The elevation was 4100 feet.  We had just passed a sign, so that is how I know it was that elevation.  I was driving, and something made me look to the sky above the mountains to my in a Northwest direction - I think it was the movement in the sky.   I was surprised to see something that was clearly not a plane because it had no wings or tail, no lights, and no trail behind it.  It looked like a silver metallic cigar-shaped craft that with rounded edges, and was larger at one end (the left as I was looking at it) than the other.  I could not see if it had windows, but it was very large.  I am not a pilot so have no reference for size, but my guess is that it was quite a bit larger than an airplane. The object was moving very slowly from North to South just above the peak of a mountain.   It would periodically slow down and then speed up.  I said to my friend a couple of seconds after I first sighted it - ((name deleted)), what the heck is that?  To which she replied that she had no idea, and that she had already been watching it for at least 1 - 1 1/2 minutes and was trying to figure that out herself.  She kept thinking (and hoping) it would show some wings or something to indicate that it was a plane.  We both got very excited and said oh my God, I think it is a UFO at the same time! At that point I looked at my watch to verify time, and it said 4:20 PM.  The sun was setting in the West, and it caused the craft to shine quite brightly.  We were behind a mountain at the time, so the sun was not shining in our eyes.  I did look for signs for some reference as to the exact point, but there were none around.  There are quite a few mountains in this area.  We both watched the object for approximately 30 seconds, and were discussing it when it took a 90-degree turn very quickly due West, became transparent, and then disappeared.  ((Name deleted)) did not witness it becoming transparent first, only that it disappeared instantly.  We believe she must have blinked during this time because that is how fast it occurred.  I then pulled over on the side of the road and grabbed my camera and video camera in case it came back, because at that point I was convinced that I saw something otherworldly or perhaps an experimental craft of some type. We both remarked how it began to move away as we were talking about it.  We then kept looking to see if we would see anything further, or perhaps see planes in the area that would indicate a flight line to or from an airport, but saw nothing until we reached the San Diego Area.  We saw no planes or helicopters whatsoever going to or from El Centro at all once we reached the mountains.  We are from the Midwest and are unfamiliar with mountains, but perhaps a topographical map would indicate the tallest one (the one we were on) for a better reference. ((name deleted)) had never seen a UFO in her life (she is now 53), and is convinced that this was a UFO.  I should also mention that ((name deleted)) was driving first, and then I got very sick and made her let me drive to minimize the sickness.  I do get carsick, but this time was probably the worst I've ever felt.  Also, about 10 minutes after the sighting, I was compelled to pull off to the side of the road to collect rocks two times.  The second time, we pulled 100 feet behind a stalled van, and right as I returned to the car I looked in the rear view mirror and saw a semi truck cab driving at around 90 MPH on the side of the road straight for us.  Just before it would have hit us, it swerved back onto the highway.  I have the overwhelming feeling that that was a message of some sort.;32.7808000000001;-115.5627
UFO acted as a vehicle.;2012-07-07 02:00:00;20 seconds;UFO acted as a vehicle. Friday morning we left to go to a concert and I was responsible fro driving us back, from Ocotillo, CA to Phoenix, AZ and back.  The concert ended shortly before midnight and we started our way back home.  Nothing unusual happened most of the way until we reached the last border check point about 20 or so miles east of El Centro.  The odd thing about it was that there was no one stationed at the checkpoint, I slowed down then just drove away since no one was around it.  The vehicle behind me stayed. 5-10 miles passed it I ended up being pulled over by California Border Patrol (Very common government force in the area for obvious reasons) as a normal routine.  Nothing out of the ordinary. Then about a few more miles in a slightly vehicle populated freeway.  I noticed something what looked like a plane was going to land in the distance because it had a slowly flashing red and white light.  I  was a little surprised considering there was no airports for over 40 miles.  What happened next, blew me away. It turned on two front light sources, like a standard car and followed the path of a small bridge we were going to pass under.  It's common that roads go over highways so a small bridge is formed.  I thought at first it was just a car and the plane probably went behind it and out of view.  However, this was not the case.  Whatever was flying the craft, imitated a vehicle on the road.  I turned into disbelief as soon as I saw the &quotheadlight&quot that was at the front of the craft started to roll leftwards and rightwards in about 60 degree angles at fast paces.  it went passed the bridge and flew over the small pasture. I pointed it out to my sleepy friends and noticed a small faint light was glowing in and out.  It honestly looked like it fainted into the sky but it then turned around and started flying low, headlights turned back on and it was literally 2 feet off the ground.  I was traveling 80mph and this thing accelerated real fast.  For a moment there, it looked like we wer! e both going to collide.  Before it hit the freeway it turned its headlights off(headlights kind of dimmed out) and flew up and over the freeway. Saw the red and white light underneath it. As it was flying away I noticed a small hole at the back of it that looked yellow, similar to a jet engine but probably no bigger than a steering wheel. It was about the length of a car, gray, no taller than 3 feet, elongated. Then I drove under the bridge, trying to keep an eye on it. Literally right after the bridge there was a bright light to the right of us that shined on us for a split second like a camera flash.  The vehicle did not make any noise at all.;32.7808000000001;-115.5627
Strange &quotblimp-like&quot object seen hovering over desert where military practice.;2021-07-07 12:45:00;2 minutes;Strange &quotblimp-like&quot object seen hovering over desert where military practice. I was onboard a commercial flight from San Diego to Newark on July 7, 2021.  We flew east from San Diego along the US/Mexico border.  I was on the left side of the plane so I could see the US side of the border.  I knew from monitoring FlightRadar24 that there was an area east of El Centro, CA., where I typically notice military aircraft flying.  So as we were nearing that area, I was looking out the window wondering if I would see any military aircraft.  At about 12:45, I saw a strange silvery-white object hovering over the ground below and to the left of our flight path.  If I had to guess, it appeared to be about 2500 feet AGL and we were at about 20000 feet AGL at that time.  The object appeared to be stationary.  I remember thinking that it exhibited the flight characteristics of a tethered balloon.  I snapped a photo of the object.  I blew the photo up and it almost looks like a short, fat blimp with a weird protrusion on the right rear side.  I am thi! nking that this may be some sort of military craft or drone, but I have no idea.  I assumed that it was stationary since we were moving quite fast and I lost sight of the object as we passed and my view became obstructed by the wing of our aircraft.  I will submit the photo and the blown up version to you via email.;32.7808000000001;-115.5627
