orange nocturnal light;1973-10-06 09:00:00;about 1/2 hour;orange nocturnal light This happened when I was a young child. The date is based on a similar report I read about in Kevin Randle's _The UFO Casebook_(p. 141). My mother, grandmother, and I had stopped for dinner in El Centro, CA, and were westbound on I-8 when we observed a very bright, orange light to the north. Soon, the object began to emit a cloud of smoke or vapor, which was greyish- white. The light blinked out and then came back on several times during the sighting (I don't remember exactly how many times), leaving the cloud hanging. The light was stationary (yet it seemed to move with us as we travelled down the freeway) and was approx. 20 degrees above the horizon. My mother and grandmother were panicking, I was was very scared at one point and hiding my eyes it was then that I heard them exclaiming that several smaller lights were emerging from the light, flew around it, then returned to it. Unfortunately, I myself did not witness this.  Finally, the light went out permanently and the cloud dissipated. One strange feature of this event was that our car was being tailgated by a semi during the duration of the sighting, rather relentlessly (I remember we were in the slow lane the whole time, but don't recall if my grandmother, who was driving, tried to shake the tailgater at any point by changing lanes). I'm posting this primarily to find out if anyone else was a witness to this, even though it was long ago.;32.7808000000001;-115.5627
Lots of light in Imperial Valley;2001-07-15 10:30:00;days?;Lots of light in Imperial Valley Ok, I'm not quite sure how this all works, but I think I've got some interesting stuff to share.  It was the summer of 2001 and I lived in San Diego.  Once or twice a week I would come down to the Imperial Valley and hang out with mith my friends and family.  There is a Navy base there and an airport, so we're all used to seeing plains in the sky.  That summer though there seem to be this big influx of activity.  It would always occur between 10pm and 1:30am sometimes later.  We were big smokers and chatter bugs, so we'd be out all night long smoking at chatting away.  My budy and I had seen our share of UFO's before living near a Navy base.  Anyway, It all started one night when we happened to a small white light seemingly drop straight down into the sky off to the east of his house.  It stopped for a second and then shot off south and dissapeared.  Then another did the same thing only it appeared further south and shot off north.  Then the eastern sky was repeatedly being adorned with these small white lights dropping in and then shooting off.  Three, four, and five at a time, and in different directions.  We started getting all excited and I went in to grab my camcorder.  I pointed the camera at the occurance and hoped.  It was very dark and the lights seemed far away.  I also shot a plain, a helicopter, and a planet that was in the sky that night for brightness reference.  After about thirty mins or so the event died down.  I remember thinking to myself I wonder if they are directly above us too. I looked up and sure enough one drooped in right over my head and then shot away.  It was the last one we saw that night.  Apon later review of the tape everything showed up except for the stange lights.  There seemed to be an awful lot of static in the picture as well.  This dance of objects went on durring many of my trips.  Never quite as dramatic as the first night, but we came to regard it as The Show  We would show other of our friends when they's hang out with us.  Sometimes when coming down the mountains from San Diego I'd be able to see them, and I'd call my friend in the Imperial Valley.  We'd both watch them from either side. Telling eachother what we were seeing as sometimes one of us would lose sight of it or them.  The other major one we saw was very similar sounding to some that I've read on this sight.  We were out one night waiting for The Show, and dissapointed we disided to go inside.  My friend even coaxed them by saying out load in a humoring tone We are going inside now!  And took large exagerated steps towards the door.  He then realized that he had to put out the trash.  As he rolled then trash container out to the street I looked back at him to see his jaw drop.  What? I asked.  Come here he said, look at this.  I walked slowly over to him, expecting that what-ever he had seen would be gone by the time I got there.  But to my surprise he pointed out a rather large seeming reddish orange glowing object moving extreemly slow and low off in the distance.  It appeared to be on the other (west) side of the city.  We followed it as it traveld north east.  It was strange, seeming to grow and shrink, or rather brighten and dim.  Being night time that's all I could gather of the shape.  It would even stop at times, and then continue.  It also would blink out and then reapear about 10 to 20 degrees further north east.  As it was now dirrectly north of us we gaged it to be somewhere between Imperial and El Centro.  It began flashing more quickly now, and seem to drop a couple glowing balls of light that seemed to float down like a flare or feather, waivering back and forth and getting dimmer the lower they went blacking out completely at 50-100 feet. It began blinking faster and faster and dopping more and objects until it just kind of went out looking like when you throw a cigarette out the window of a car and it hits the ground.  Just a bunch of light fading embers, then nothing.  I'm sure I wrote too much, but this is a collection of UFO sightings right?  I wish I had more specific dates for you.  I'm going to check my old tapes, and see if I can figure it out. I was 19 at the time going to Comunnity college in San Diego, and managing three stores.  My friend was a pizza delivery boy 26 and going to Community college in Imperial. ((NUFORC Note:  Dates are approximate.  PD));32.7808000000001;-115.5627
I saw this bright light kind of white blue light fly slow moving toward the northeast.;2011-08-12 20:00:00;5 min.;Last night on 08/12/2011 at around 0800 and 0915 hrs, I was watering the front lawn of my house and I saw a helicopter flying around the area, shining the area with its spot light like looking for something or someone. At first I through it was the Border Patrol Flying around looking for persons, but I saw them move toward town and pay no attention to them. The moon was bright as day last night, when something caught my eye and I looked up to the sky. I saw this bright light kind of white blue light fly slow moving toward the northeast.  To me this object looked like it was checking out our area moving slowly, but the funny thing is that there were no blinking lights like regular airplanes and not making any  noise of any kind. I just looked at it for a while slowly moving over the sky like nothing to worry about I didn’t have a camera or a video camera to take a snap shot, but what can you expect . When I’m outside watering the lawn I don’t expect to be looking up to the sky. I’m watering my lawn. Over to the south I saw the helicopter going in circles looking around the area and not making contact toward this object, it was kind of strange.  This object slowly moved toward the northeast some were the area of the chocolate mountains area and vanishes up to the sky. For the fifth time this year, I saw these objects flying past the Imperial Valley and they just past through our area and vanish.  Very strange sightings! The next day 08/13/2011 my sister-in-law calls my wife and informs her that last night there were three helicopters flying over the city of El Centro, California, she said it looked strange that there were these helicopters flying over like looking for something.;32.7808000000001;-115.5627
On 08/13/2011 around the time of 9:13 pm Saturday the same object was seen in the Imperial Valley, California.;2011-08-13 21:13:00;2 mins.;On 08/13/2011 around the time of 9:13 pm Saturday the same object was seen in the Imperial Valley, California. I was driving back from the Jack in the Box restaurant and going home.  When I made the right turned toward my house, I notice an older couple pointing toward the northwest sky, so I decide to pull over and see what they were pointing at. As I pulled over I looked up to that direction and to my surprise it was the same object I saw observed yesterday Friday August 12, 2011. This object had the same curtsies as the object I was yesterday.  This object was heading northeast coming from the southwest direction moving in a slow speed toward the northeast, about 5000 feet in the air not making any noise or leaving a smoke trail . This object didn’t even have the blinking lights like an airplane has it wasn’t even a satellite it just moved at a normal speed like it was just looking and not doing anything else. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.7808000000001;-115.5627
Strange line of lights, can't explain.  ((anonymous report));2017-08-16 20:28:00;20 seconds;Strange line of lights, can't explain So I live near a military base and I am quite familiar with all the aircraft that land nearby or conduct exercises. I can always hear them I can differentiate weather it's a helicopter, osprey, jet.  I can also see their lights on them.   This time though I couldn't here a sound or see any wing or tail lights.  I'm not one to jump to conclusions, I stayed around for a couple of minutes to see, well, anything.  To my shock,there was nothing that I know could of caused what I just witnessed.   It was two bright yellow lights in the night sky, when out of nowhere in a straight line they became 15, 25, 30 lights.  They were standing still for a while, then they disappeared, and one reappeared and the same thing happened again like 30 new bright yellow lights appeared.  They were there for 15 seconds then finally they all vanished.   For some reason I kept thinking that it was like a train of lights in the sky making not a single sound and with no smoke or clouds as far  as th! e eye can see. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded to us to be quite serious-minded.  We suspect he is a very good witness.  PD));32.7808000000001;-115.5627
