December 29, 2000 Dear NUFORC, I’m writing in concern of a sighting of a craft  that I saw 13 years ago, and again, recently, an encoun;2000-11-13 21:00:00;15 minutes;December 29, 2000 Dear NUFORC, I’m writing in concern of a sighting of a craft  that I saw 13 years ago, and again, recently, an encounter of two crafts completely different in size and shape.  First, I’ll start with the  sighting 13 years ago, in November of 1987.  While driving through the Blue Ridge Mts. Of West Virginia, as a truck driver, I was carrying a load of glassware that was picked up in Springfield, Ohio and going to Roanoke, Virginia.  That night I noticed the moon shining brightly to the right side of me.  It had just stopped raining and the sky was clear.  At exactly 8:45 p.m. I saw this bright light coming closer and closer. Thinking it was a head light on a plane or helicopter, I didn’t think much of it, but as it got closer, I started seeing the shape of it.  I began to slow down to about 45 mph (I was previously going the speed limit ), and that’s when it cleared the trees.  It was going 3 or 4 feet over the trees, just barely enough to clear the tops.  The craft was a saucer shape with a little round dome on the top and flat on the bottom. It had no windows, exhaust, rivets, or bolts—just smooth all over and one headlight shining in a downward angle. I let the windows down and couldn’t hear anything, it didn’t make a sound.  I t just fluttered the tops of the trees as it passed. 	Again, recently, on November 13th, 2000 around the same time, I was visiting my parents in North Louisiana, 40 miles southeast of Shreveport, La. The moon was shining just as bright as in the year of ’87.  I was driving in my mother’s car, visiting friends, when I came around a curve, passing the home of a childhood friend and saw these lights in a diamond-shape. It was hovering 25 or 30 feet in the air.  At first glance I mistook it for a new light tower, because it had been a while since I had been in the country. Then I saw it in it’s entirety over a cow pasture right near the highway about 20 to 30 yards away.  As soon as I saw it I pulled over and cut my headlights off.  I let the window down to see if I could hear any sounds it was making.  What I heard was a soft blowing sound, like if to blow into a microphone softly.  The craft was about the size of a city bus—at least 40 or 50 feet long.  It had a white light, at what I suppose, was the head of craft., also shining in a 240 degree downward angle, similar to the one I had saw 13 years earlier.  But this craft had 8 lights on it. At the three adjacent corners of the diamond shape, were red lights, and on the sides between them were four white lights.  It seemed as soon as I had pulled over and turned my headlights out, did it began to lift up, leaning to the left, then to the right, and then pulled away slowly. I saw it 3 more times over other wide spaces but could never see how the top of it was formed—just the diamond-shaped bottom of the craft. 	This must’ve been a active night for crafts, because by the time I had made it back to my parents’ home, about 11:15 that night, I saw a second craft.  I was standing outside of my father’s carport, just looking at the sky, still amazed by what I had just seen.  I then saw another craft flying at a much higher elevation than the first ones I had seen.  There were no lights on it and it was also flying at a faster speed. It was about as high in the air as an airplane. It seemed to have a triangular shape with a double-circle on the bottom-side of each point like possible exhausts.  It was flying northward. 	The most amazing thing to me about these stories is that these were three encounters I had had.   I often wonder, why me, because there are very  few people who claim to see such sightings.  Whether it is coincidental or just a blessing, but I feel special that I had seen them.  I don’t recall any encounters while growing up in the country.  I can’t give a reason for why I was in the right places at the right time.  Nor am I doing this for publicity. It’s just that I believe in what I saw and I stand behind my story—word for word. I thank all those who hear and believe my story. Sincerely, ((name deleted)) Sr.;32.4495;-93.2835
