I have checked your log report and found that the sighting I reported shortly after December 6, 1976, was not filed. I am dismayed but;1976-12-06 05:30:00;40 minutes;I have checked your log report and found that the sighting I reported shortly after December 6, 1976, was not filed. I am dismayed but have not forgotten a single detail.  At about 5:30 AM on 12/06/1976, as was ususal I was heading West on Sterling Rd. in Davie, Florida, to drop my children 4 and 1 1/2 years old at a daycare center. I was enrolled in BCC and my wife worked at ((name deleted)) restaurant on ((deleted)) Rd.  As I was passing a bicyclyst I noticed in the Northwest sky a fireball falling.  After a minute I pulled my car over and shut it off to say prayers as I thought it was a plane crashing.  I sat for several minutes after the fireball disappeared behind trees several miles away but I saw no flash, nor did I hear an explosion.  Within two more minutes I and my wife observed a huge dull, grayish metalic looking object that was heading slowly toward us and southeast. The object was immense, did not emit any noise, smoke or any exhaust that would be noticable from thermal fluctuations of the air around it.  The object now appeared to be oblong or cigar shaped, more than 250 feet long and more than 30 feet high.  There seemed to be some sort of whitish light atop and a light at each end, front and rear but not white.  As it approached our vehicle my wife's upper body leaned out the window to look up at it.  I observed it from the windshield inside. We kept asking what the he** it was and when I looked at her I noticed her back and the entire interior of the car was illuminated. I then noticed my 4 year old daughter leaning on the back window looking up. I then looked at my interior light and saw it was not lit.  I immediately looked out my side window and it was still pitch black outside the car.  I then looked up as best I could to get a fix on the structure as it was now less than 50 feet from us. The surface was not metal at all.  It had a sandy texture similar to that of shark skin.  I could not locate any seams or a single area that would suggest any conventional assembly that I am or have ever been aware of.  The object became stationary for an undetermined period of time and we just stared at it for minutes.  From the corner of my left eye I could see a small child-like figure run rapidly across the front of my headlights.  It was about to climb over the metal road barrier but hesitated and turned toward me.  I had immediately tried to get a glimpse of any articles that I might be able to identify but it had nothing.  No shoes, belt, tools, weapons or any other devices.  My first thought was to jump out and grabit and throw it in the trunk because no one would believe me if I didn't.  A voice of sorts told me not to move or I would be harmed.  I tried to lift my arm and was horrified that it looked as if it was cut off where the light ended inside the car. I looked at the figure again and thought that it was so small and having no weapons I could take it in a few seconds.  The voice or whatever it was described the stretch cloth suit it was wearing carried 40,000 volts of piezoelectrical current.  This is a term I had never heard of and I knew I could not have imagined the thought.  The figure then hopped over the fence and went into a horse breeding ranch at about 140th st.  My last memory of the incident was when I was looking behind me in my car and seeing a somewhat different shaped object about 1 mile south of me moving slowly at first but then as I watched it the object seemed to accelearte so fast it just vaporized. It was also after sunrise and without a word to my wife or a word from her to me I started my car, drove to the daycare center, dropped off the children and did not say a word to the people. I learned later that we were at the scene for more than 40 minutes. I never saw the bicyclist pass us. A also lost my eyesight for almost 2 days after the incident.  After years of horrible dreams and nightmares I learned that the subjects who occupy the craft are from a parralel universe. Their craft are not built but actually grown by reconstructing the atomic anatomy of what we call a Diamond where the conditions exist for such. The suit (for lack of a better term) that the small figure was covere with is also a mineral which is genetically altered. I also learned that, just as a diamond, the outer shell adapts to the temperature changes the instant the craft becomes stablilized in whatever atmospheric temperature it is suspended in.  One issue that has stuck in my mind for years is the fact that whatever the voice was that conveyed the images to me also mentioned repeatedly m You can be violent. I   am not sure if it applied to me or the people of this planet as a whole. However, the occupants of the craft I saw are neither friendly nor inclined to become violent. They have almost no emotional state at all, yet they are certainly aware of ours.  As for the interior of the craft there was not a single sharp angle anywhere I could see and again, nothing to provide any evidence that the object was assembled. It looked more like something hollowed out areas of a huge iceberg with a torch. The area which was used to control it's speed and motion was a long, flat, glass-like surfce no more than 2 inches thick and less than 2 ft. wide but rather long. I also could not locate any source of light despite the entire interior ares I went being fully luminated.;26.0654;-80.2339
I was driving  with my daughter. It was dusk but getting dark quick.My daughter noticed it first. It was a big dark circle with a littl;2003-02-27 19:00:00;5 minutes;I was driving  with my daughter. It was dusk but getting dark quick.My daughter noticed it first. It was a big dark circle with a little dark circle behind it like a tail but not connected. It was flying thru the air at a good speed and steady. It flew right over us. It headed North east. I chased it in my car. I couldnt believe it. I tried to rationalize. It was not a big bird. It was not a mini jet. It was not a weather balloon. It was not an ultra light. There were no lights and absolutly no sound. As it got further away it changed into a fat triangle;26.0654;-80.2339
Golden light/ fireball splits into 4 objects ,then changes formation while changing directions and changing rate of descent;2012-09-15 20:35:00;1 minute;goldenlight/ fireball splits into 4 objects ,then changes formation while changing directions and changing rate of descent The intial Object appeared to the east of my position almost directly in the way of the flight path for incoming or landing planes to Fort Lauderdale International Airport but at a slightly higher altitude. I was driving East on Griffin road near I-75. There were airplanes flying in the direction of the sighting.  I initially saw what appeared most similiar to me as a fireball falling but it was descending at much to slow of a rate to be a free falling object.  The object had a fire or glow to it with a tail pointing up and the object descended to the point just above or near the altitude of the incoming and outgoing planes at the airport.  The object then became stationary at that altitude and then proceeded to break up into 4 different objects.  Each of these 4 objects looked exactly alike.  They all looked like a fire ball with a tail pointing up or as if they were made of light with a tail pointing up.  As the 1 main object split into these 4 objects, th! e 4 objects spread out laterally and evenly across from each other at the same altitude and then 2 of the objects maintaining the same altitude dropped simultaneously or began descending down.  After they moved down slightly the other 2 object also descended mainting the same altitude with each other. so, now there are 4 craft still but 2 are below or at a lower altitude from the other 2 objects which were almost direclty above the other 2 objects.  The 4 objects then began descending further until i could no longer see them.  the objects definitley were not free falling.  The intial object split into 4 objects and the formation of them changed and the direction and rate of descent varied during my observation.  Very incredible sight to see.;26.0654;-80.2339
Me and my son were walking the dogs like we do every night when I saw a bright object behind a cloud. I thought it was the moon but it;2019-10-24 20:50:00;5 minutes;Me and my son were walking the dogs like we do every night when I saw a bright object behind a cloud. I thought it was the moon but it seemed to have a red dot in the middle. I asked my son if he saw the red dot and he agreed.  I decided to wait until the cloud moved but when it did the object was gone.  We walked a little bit and I saw it again in another spot. it was a little less bright this time it seemed and further away.  We watched it for about five minutes and it changed from roundish to a cigar shape. I would guess the angle changed. Although it was pretty stationary. It seemed to get a greenish, then purplish glow, then it disappeared.;26.0654;-80.2339
