Stealthy Object with 3 Orange Reddish Orbs VANISH in clear night sky over Davie, FL, followed by Military Helicopter pursuit!!;2021-04-06 00:00:00;30 MINUTES;Stealthy Object with 3 Orange Reddish Orbs VANISH in clear night sky over Davie, FL, followed by Military Helicopter pursuit!! My sister is a pharmacist, and I'm a student nurse. She joined me on April 05 at my home and stayed until midnight. She was ready to go home, and so I walked her out as usual. We stood outside for a few minutes having a conversation about swimming. As she was speaking to me, my attention got lost in the clear night sky. I saw a single object in the sky, and it had a cylindrical shape and seemed to be stealthy in appearance. I wanted to believe that it was an airplane in the sky, but the more I analyze it became extremely unfamiliar. The object had three circular glowing orange reddish orbs illuminating from it. The speed of this object was unlike an airplane, drone, or Chinese lantern. It was literally moving like a snail in the sky. As I stood there gazing at it, my sister turned around and looked up and saw exactly what I was seeing. She was in disbelief, thought that it might be some type of aircraft. But I remember telling her, No it cant be! Look ! at the orbs, and the movement. It's practically standing still. As we both stood there staring, the object disappeared right in front of us. I couldn't believe it. It's not like it went behind any clouds. I mean this night was very clear, and there wasn't any clouds in the sky. It simply vanished out of thin air.  My sister got in her car and went home. I was so shocked by what I saw, I called my roommate out to describe what my sister and I had just seen. He quickly came out and wanted to see if the object had returned or not. He used a snapchat filter to see if the object was hiding in the sky. We both looked at his phone and did not see anything from the filter. Literally, five minutes after my sister left, my roommate and I were standing outside looking around. What happened next was even more shocking! My roommate spotted an aircraft South of us a good distance away. I have lived here for four years, and I have never seen any aircraft pull the maneuver that this ! one did. The aircraft literally made a sharp turn and headed o! ur way. I could even see the bright lights from the front of this aircraft as it sharply turned north. My roommate was quick thinking and pulled out his phone to use the snapchat filter on this aircraft. Like I said, the path that this aircraft took had never been seen before in the four years of living here. As it traveled through the buildings in between us high above, we could see what turned out to be the fine definition of a military fighter helicopter heading in the direct location of where I saw the object. On the filter we could zoom in to see the rotor, the wings, the tail rotor, and the rocket launchers on both side. Since then, this night has been unforgettable. Certainly not the first time I have seen UFO's. But it's the most recent encounter I've had, and it was similar to an experience out of a movie.;26.0654;-80.2339
