((HOAX??))  U.F.O's following each other to perfectly in line slowly.;2008-08-04 22:50:00;5minutes;U.F.O's following each other to perfectly in line slowly almost still at some times then dropping something out on fire before leaving. I have no word processor only word pad.Sorry  10:50 approx was walking with three friends from my house to go to a friends about 15houses down the street. I just get off the phone with him leave my house and i see 2 bright orange lights seperate from each other very small. Too small to be any aircraft but very noticable, very bright, orange almost.  There was no cloud cover, very nice day and night over davie, florida at the time. As i started gettin closer and getting a clearer view there was 6 perfectly aligned. I turn to my friends who seem to not believe what im saying as i get my phone out to call my friend outside, as i apporached his house and i shouted for him to leave the house which he did and after we arrived we stared at the lights just hovering barley even moving. they were heading west at low speeds but unbelievably perfectly following in line perfectly alligned the first 2 just dissapeard out of no where at this time a friend arrives and sees everyone staring and he said he saw them on the highway 595 heading west to the area 5minutes before. we watched as they all flew over the same area and dissapeard into nothing..just gone. The last 2 hung around though and the 2nd to last actully droped something. It was just like a fireball falling from it like it droped something off that fell to the earth. i am certain as i have 20/20 vison and have seen the same bright craft around the airport before. I also remember noticing at the time no aircraft flying around, i am certain the formation or UFO's had been spotted by goverment aircraft as there was a plane flying unusally low to the south west heading and trying to stay just in view and slowed down and they had to have been watching the aircraft. Im pretty sure you guys already had this report, this was clear as day;26.0654;-80.2339
9 Fireball-like orange orbs flying in formation from northeast to northwest direction in South Florida;2013-11-16 23:20:00;4-5 minutes;9 Fireball-like orange orbs flying in formation from northeast to northwest direction in South Florida There were 9 fireball-like orange/red lights travelling very fast from the northeast horizon towards the west. If I faced north in my driveway, I saw them fly from right to left. They were closer than what an airplane flying by would appear like. From where I was standing, they were slightly bigger than the North star in appearance. They came abruptly, as if out of no where from the horizon side, behind a small hill, in the formation of the Big Dipper. I thought at first this was a constellation, but upon my family observing closer while driving in the car, we realized the orbs were MOVING very steadily, and quite rapidly, towards the west. The first formation seemed to be in a diagonal, turning into the shape of the Big Dipper constellation, and then 4 more came out of the Northeast corner in the formation of a diagonal, one after the other. I waited till they disappeared - there was no color change. They maintained their orange hue until they all of a sudden disappeared with a final white light flickering. And they were gone. One more came out of the horizon and that too followed a diagonal path, then disappeared the same way.;26.0654;-80.2339
Two nights in a row coming from the NW going SE something in a V-formation flew seamlessly.  Will confirm this tomorrow night.;2015-10-01 11:15:00;2;Two nights in a row coming from the northwest going southeast something in a V formation flew seamlessly will confirm this tomorrow night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));26.0654;-80.2339
While driving on I-595 from W to E, just passing the turnpike ramp I saw what I thought was a bright star.;2016-12-29 07:00:00;1-3 minutes;While driving on 595 from West to East, just passing the turnpike ramp I saw what I thought was a bright star. Only it didn't &quottw While driving on 595 from West to East, just passing the turnpike ramp I saw what I thought was a bright star.  Only it didn't twinkle but it did have that star effect that emitted rays in a T. I refocused by sight to make sure if what I was seeing, but to me at the time & I suppose my mind was trying to reason with what I was seeing, I saw the top portion of the object.   Seemed like a plane, since it had those red & green lights on the ends, but it then I start noticing that it also had light on top, that changed colors in a pulse of blue, green, red, purple. At this same time, the bright white light started to dim. I had to get my eyes back on the highway for a bit then I searched for it again but I couldn't find it again.  I scanned the area in the sky where I spotted it. I found it once more, only the light wasn't as bright & it didn't have that T of light rays. & since the light wasn't as bright, I could start making out the color of the object & more or less the shape.  It was a dark white/light gray in what seemed like a mini blimp or maybe it could have been blimp sized but really far. The final feature before it left was the opening, as if the object open & closed like Pac-Man & the light was inside Pac-Man's mouth.  It did this only twice & it was gone, it was stationary the entire time. I couldn't find it again but I did search for it for about 30 mins;26.0654;-80.2339
6 craft line formation over south Florida.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-30 21:30:00;3:00 Minutes;6 craft line formation over south Florida Sighting occurred during my nightly dog walk.  Casually gazing at the sky, appreciating the clear night.  I happened  to see a line of what appeared to be stars, but the formation did not make sense.  I kept watching and realized they were traveling west to east across the sky.  There were (6) of them, and one by one they magically disappeared at the same spot in the sky.  Almost as if a portal of some kind opened up and they went right through.;26.0654;-80.2339
