Six orange orbs plague the skies of Publix in Davie.;2008-12-28 21:00:00;2-3 Minutes;Six orange orbs plague the skies of Publix in Davie. Date: 12/28/2008 Time: 19:17 P.M Duration: 2-3 min. City: Davie  Country:  United States of America  Witnesses: 5-6  Number of Crafts: 6   In Davie, Florida on the night of Sunday December 28, 2008 at 9:14 P.M, my family and I were driving south down Flamingo road. When it was 9:17 P.M., I first noticed 3 orbs, but then they multiplied to 6 reddish-orange orbs. The three that came out of the first three were blinking, unlike the original orbs. They seemed to be making strange shapes or symbols in the sky. We quickly pulled into the Publix parking lot, which was practically vacant. My father, my brother, and I walked out of the car while my mother stayed in the car. There was another man there too. He was going down the same road and noticed the same lights. A bag boy from Publix seemed to notice them, too. They were completely silent and left no steam or smoke. My brother tried to take a picture of them, but they were probably too small to show up on camera. The man who was there watching with us was trying to take pictures of the strange crafts with his phone. They did not show up once he captured the image. My brother, one of the witnesses, and I heard ringing in our ears.  It was strong in our left ears, but faint in our right.  After the event, I decided to do some research on UFOs, and realized, this sighting is very similar to a series of lights sighted by thousands over Arizona.  I would estimate the orbs to be about 15-30 feet in diameter. While I was staring at the orbs, I felt a knot in my stomach.  They were slow moving, yet got to each other very quickly.  They moved faster than our car which was traveling about 35 mph while heading down the road.  It was easy to tell they were not part of one orbs.  The objects seemed to be mid sky, no where near the horizon.;26.0654;-80.2339
Six red-orange orbs appear over Davie skies.;2008-12-28 21:00:00;2-3 Minutes;Six red-orange orbs appear over Davie skies. Date: 12/28/2008 Time: 9:17 P.M. Duration: 2-3 minutes City: Davie Country: United States of America  Witnesses: 5-6  Number of Crafts: 3-6   In Davie, Florida on Sunday December 28, 2008, my family and I were heading south on Flamingo road, just past the American Heritage Academy.  Around 9:14 P.M, my brother pointed out three redish-orange, spherical objects in the sky, which we soon discovered three more to reach a total of six.  We pulled out our digital camera, but the objects were too small to be considerably noticeable.  Frantically, we pulled into the parking lot of Publix, just down that road, where we stopped and witnessed the six objects.  We sat there, befuddled, trying to determine what it was.  I remember rolling down my window, trying to determine if they were radio antennae. They appeared to be slow-moving, however, it moved faster than our car, which was traveling at about 35 miles per hour.  In the parking lot, another man pulled off of the same road to witness these objects. They stopped in the sky and appeared to align themselves in regular patterns.  The formation was as followed:  Four lights formed a square while the other two slanted in a line below the square.  They seemed to be midway in the sky, not near the horizon, but where you would expect to see radio towers.  They appeared to be the size of a planet in the night sky, but smaller than the moon.  From where we were standing, they looked to be about 10-30 feet in diameter. We stood in the parking lot watching them line up and move along for about 2-3 minutes.  During this time, an airplane flew below it, however, records at the Hollywood International Airport state that everything was as it should’ve been, and no special aircraft were in the air at that area or that time. The quantity and formation of the lights changed, however, the color did not.  They seemed to be heading west, towards the Florida Everglades.  After the experience, I noticed a faint ringing in my left ear on my way home which soon subsided.;26.0654;-80.2339
Perfectly round sphere at very high altitude, light orange with progressively reddish tinge towards the edges;2014-03-08 17:00:00;10 minutes;Perfectly round sphere at very high altitude, light orange with progressively reddish tinge towards the edges Perfectly round sphere at very high altitude (as evidenced by commercial jets flying below it), light orange with progressively reddish tinge towards the edges, flew slowly in a perfectly straight line from north to south over western Davie.  Must have been large because of our being able to see it at that altitude.  Checks with the International Space Station calendar show it was not overhead at that time so it could not have been it.  The sky was perfectly blue and clear with no clouds.;26.0654;-80.2339
