Eastward object in SW Pennsylvania;2007-02-27 01:00:00;4 minutes;Eastward object in SW Pennsylvania I was driving up Tarentum Bridge Rd Eastward and looked in sky. I saw an object I first identified as a helicopter flying low, approx. 150 to 200 ft. It was yellow-orange in color with multiple bright white lights and a flashing blue light. I pointed it out to my passenger, who was watching it at the time. The object was silent and moving at low speed, but accelerated as we watched it. I pulled over in the parking lot of a bank and watched as it continued moving, eventually disappearing into the distance. By my observation, it was slowly gaining altitude, as it remained at an even height in relation to the horizon.  It was missing the red/green navigation lights common to helicopters and airplanes, and had a definite solid structure.  I am an ex-Navy signalman with practical experience in spotting and identifying aircraft, as well as living a majority of my life in close proximity to SAC bases around the world as an Air Force dependent, as well as living 3 years 1 mile from a major helicopter repair depot. I do know my aircraft, I could not identify this one.  My passenger is inexperienced, but was able to confirm my observations.;40.5662;-79.7078
Disappearing plane.;2010-03-31 20:00:00;5-10 minutes;Disappearing plane. I was traveling south on Route 28 at approx. 10 minutes to 8PM.  I exited at the Tarentum exit.  At the stop sign at the bottom of the ramp I looked to the right about 45 degrees.  Out of the front windshield just above the tree line I saw some whispy clouds.  They were orangish colored from the setting sun.  In front of the clouds coming over the trees heading due north was a very distinct chemtrail that was also orangish. (Sun reflection)  I have always been a sky watcher.  Especially since becoming aware of the chemtrails.  I'm the type of person that notices things others wouldn't.  I don't drink or use drugs.  I consider myself a credible witness. I had to make sure I stopped because there was a cop car to my right watching the stop sign.  I noticed I was having trouble focusing on the chemtrail.  Normally they start as two trails coming from the wings and they quickly blend into one wide trail.  This one appeared to blink from one to two tightly side by side.  Everytime I blinked it was one then two tightly together.  At that time I could not see the plane making the trail which seemed odd.  I made a mental note about where is the plane.  It was time to move so I drove on making a left turn towards New Kensington.  This placed my back to the trail. Having to wait for the lights to change it took a few minutes to cross the bridge. My destination was at the end of the bridge.  I pulled in to the parking lot and headed to the back lot.  This again placed me facing the direction of the chemtrail.  I was looking to my left at a 45 degree angle.  It was still orange, thick and very defined.  Now I could see the plane.  It was sorta shaped like the U2 spy plane.  Very odd looking and black.  Normally the planes are white. Thinking back now about where I first saw the trails and their angle in the sky and now looking at them again something seems not right.  It's like they jumped over toward the east closer to my location but were still heading north.  I parked and got out.  I was watching the plane and couldn't wait for it to come toward my location.  It's present heading would have put it directly in front of me moving from left to right.  I really wanted a better look at the plane.  The trail it left was very thick and was not evaporating like a (vapor) contrail.  I knew this trail would last and I wanted to see how it spread out.  I went inside so I could unlock the door from the inside.  This took 1-2 minutes.  I came back out with great anticipation figuring the plane would be just about directly in front of my line of sight. I opened the door and stepped outside and the plane had  vanished.  The chemtrail was completely gone as was the plane.  I looked in front of the path the plane was on...nothing.  No evidence of the thick chemtrail it left behind. Everything was completely gone.  No cloudlike formations and no plane.  The plane with the speed it was traveling would have easily been somewhere in my field of vision without turning my head.  The thick chemtrail from my many previous observations would have lasted hours and spread across a wide area of sky. When I saw the trail after entering the parking lot it looked like the chemtrail started a few inches behind the plane like it may have just been switched on, again a little odd considering the time it took to cross the bridge.  I should have been able to see it stretch way out behind the plane. Remember the trail blinking and changing from one to two?  And the trail seemingly shifting positions to the east?  No plane visible in front of the trail and then it was.  The plane was not as high as they usually fly.  At first I thought it was very high and that's why I didn't see it.  When it did appear it was big and much lower than they normally fly.  And looked black. There is no way the plane changed direction.  I would have been able to see it make any turn.  From that vantage point you can basically see horizon to horizon.  It literally vanished into thin air without a trace like someone flicked a switch.  I think it may have been jumping locations in the sky. Reporting a UFO is one thing.  The government can dish out a swamp gas cover story.  Reporting disappearing planes puts it in a different ballgame.  I'm afraid I'll get a visit from someone. How did they make the chemtrail instantly invisible too?  Stealth on steroids?  Cloaking?  Keep looking up. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.5662;-79.7078
Alien driving car, headlights shined in window as he pulled away, face to face with a grey alien, life-changing scary;2020-07-12 00:00:00;5 seconds;Alien driving car, headlights shined in window as he pulled away, face to face with a grey alien, life-changing scary Alien driving car, face to face encounter. As I was driving to get snacks I stopped at the stop sign and proceed to let the car to the right of me go.  As it pasted me I thought it was a bald man.  As the grey car (sorry not a car person I do not  know make or model) gets halfway through the intersection I noticed this man's skin was very grey.  My headlights were shinning directly in car. I proceed to move my gaze down the forehead and into the eyes.  Where I saw two extremely black eyes looking back at me.  My heart stopped when my brain understood that I was face to face with a grey alien who was driving a car.  As he was pulling out he looked back at the road and drove away.  I wish I thought to take a picture in those five seconds but I was in pure shock and terror.  I've always believed they were out there but face to face with one is a shock that I was not ready for.  I do not believe it was a mask in any form, the head moved to easily with no wrinkles in the neck area and the eye shape was not makeup the whole entire eye was oval.  I know they can do magic with make-up but I am in the world of film and have amazing 20/10 vision . The chills that I feel when my gaze met his is enough for me to know, I came face to face with a grey alien today.  They are here, with us, even driving our cars around.  This is a lot to take in, we are not alone.  The universe is huge its impossible that we are, but real confirmation with my own eyes, has me shook and it will for a long time.;40.5662;-79.7078
