Large object in the sky with jets shot up and disappeared.;2009-11-11 19:30:00;5 seconds;Large object in the sky with jets shot up and disappeared. The event was on 11/11/09 it was a Wednesday night around 7:30 in the PM. I was in the front yard walking my dog. It was a clear night, I looked up in the sky and the first thought that went thru my mind was “that is biggest oddest star I have ever seen” before I could complete that thought it started to move, my next thought was I wish a plane were in the sky to compare size against. I was facing my home this thing was initially to my left (West) and started to move right (North).  I looked at the direction this thing was moving. There were two commercial planes one headed in the opposite direction parallel the other perpendicular all looking as if they would eventually cross the same line in the sky (not a collision).  This item was about four times the size of the commercial jets I cannot say if they were flying at the same height that is just how it appeared. This thing started to go faster and when it hit that line in the sky where they would all cross ! it shot up at an angle and it was gone.  The initial size was the size of a dime at arms length when it shot up, it went to a dot in less that a second.  There was no glare, halo effect, or streaking it appeared to be white in the sky and round in shape. It reminded me of the magic trick where a ping pong ball moves along a black piece of cloth.  I did not want that moment to end it was amazing. More planes appeared quickly about five more in total all crossing around the area where this thing disappeared. A military style jet passed over much lower right over my house. It came from the Northwest headed Southeast. The object was only in my sight for around five seconds and the time it took for all the planes to come and go was a total time of around two minutes. The approximate latitude of my location was 40.5546920 and longitude was -79.7526617 about 20 miles to the North of Pittsburgh PA. To be somewhat discreet I did not use my exact address to come up with the latitude and longitude.  I hope there are some FAA records of this event and it can be investigated.  I would like to remain anonymous. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.   Date may be approximate, although the witness indicates that it is correct.  PD));40.5662;-79.7078
Saw a golden/orangeish orb on walk.;2015-05-21 21:30:00;2 minutes;saw a golden/orangeish orb on walk. I saw a small golden/orange orb when I was on a walk. It was behaving unlike any normal aircraft.  The way it arced through the sky and faded in and out of sight I knew exactly what I was seeing.  I have actually reported Ufos on this site the last two years matching this exact description.  I noticed a couple post within the last couple weeks matching this description in my general area.  After I quickly realized what I was seeing I said to myself here comes the jets, and sure enough within a couple seconds I heard a jet going in the direction it disappeared to.;40.5662;-79.7078
