Boomerang craft was silent, lightless, and big enough to block out the stars behind it.;2002-11-09 21:30:00;1 minute;Boomerang craft was silent, lightless, and big enough to block out the stars behind it. On November 9, 2002 at approximately 9:30 p.m., I walked outside to help my daughter and her son to her car. She said she had seen a brilliant green shooting star earlier in the evening. When she told me this, I automatically looked up to see if I could see one too. At the same time, my daughter and I were looking up and we both said, Oh my God,what is that? We both were looking at an object that was boomerang in shape, no lights, gray or dark-sky color, and made absolutely no sound at all. This craft was headed north and was immense in size. It was so big that the only way to see its shape was by the fact that it was blocking out the stars behind it. The event passed and my daughter and grandson left. I returned to the house to try to continue watching a movie with my neighbor. Later, at 1:00 a.m., I asked my neighbor to walk outside with me I wanted to look again. As we walked off the front steps and looked up, my neighbor yelled and pointed up. There was the craft again! This time, the object was moving to the southeast and was directly above the house. It seemed to be in the same orbit, as earlier I had noticed the Little Dipper was nearby the object the first time and then as the night wore on, the position of the stars had changed too.Again, the object was near the Little Dipper. Another note the neighborhood dogs were barking frantically when both events occurred. I do not know if this is significant or not. I was always a little skeptical but have tried to keep an open mind about these things. Today however, I am changed. I really want to know if anyone else saw this craft or not. I am going out again tonight to see if I can see it. I know it was not a stealth fighter or bomber - I have seen both, living close to McConnell Air Force Base. This thing was really, really big. It was scary. During both sightings, I also witnessed shooting stars near it. This may be significant too. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see report from Tempe, AZ, for same date.  PD));37.0687;-97.031
