8/13/2012  21:45 pm Bandon, Oregon  star like craft hovers for 1 min. then bright color flashes and huge wall of flames pours out of it;2012-08-13 21:45:00;5 minutes;8/13/2012  21:45 pm Bandon, Oregon  star like craft hovers for 1 min.  then bright color flashes and huge wall of flames pours out of it 9:45 pm heard big booms in the sky as if something broke the sound barrier..Put on shoes and ran out to front yard..Looked up to a clear starry sky just checking it out for a minute...More big booms and I swear the energy in the air was just spine tingling..  Ran out to back yard 9:47 pm looking up to see if the booms will keep going…  Called the wife and kids out to see the stars...Saw two sattelites a comet and a shooting star...We are now facing directly east looking straight out in the low sky and here comes a star moving from south to north..No that is not a star it looks like it's just a mile away and it stops and hovers for one full minute and then starts pulsating heavier and heavier...Gulp..This is where it gets good.. Then the air is just sucked out of us as we realize this is a real UFO.. We all gasp as it changes colors like 6 times in like 1 second pulses...all the colors of the rainbow like pulses then while still hovering perfectly still just erup! ts into a huge wall of fire and flames..the most beautiful and mysterious fire these eyes have ever witnessed...almost like it blew up but it didn't..these flames fell from this thing for a full 10 seconds it was amazing..like a gigantic cauldron of fire being poured out..right as the flames are dying down underneath them you can see tiny star colored orbs being almost dispersed if you will..this wall of flames could have been hundreds of feet long for all I know but it was massive none the less..the color flashes were intense and bulbous so there was no real shape to the craft other than the star..it was so bright it lit up the night sky as if it were daylight..then wait what is this? then from the same spot the star craft came from here comes silently a gigantic red colored reflector like craft...solid red and this was pretty huge as well..no beacons or flashes coming from this other red thing it's just following the star like craft..the air was hissing with energy like I! never felt before...then silently and inexplicably these thin! gs disap peared..just gone like it never happened but we all know what we saw...we saw something very strange..Period..I've been employed by the same people for 12 years and my wife has worked at her job for even longer..we own a home and we don't drink or do drugs..we have 2 little girls 5 and 6 years old and they saw it too...I'd have to say that our character is not even a question...Even though I am slightly into the paranormal stuff this completely rocked my world and I still can't quite wrap my brain around what we saw..I never seen a craft like this even out of all the stuff I've seen on tv or whatever through all the years..My mind is blown;43.097;-124.4049
