Close Encounter of the 5th Kind. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly not a serious-minded report.  PD));2010-01-20 18:45:00;15 minutes;Close Encounter of the 5th Kind Last night (1/20/10) at 6:00 pm I sat down on a hill on our 80 acre ranch in Bandon, OR.  Immediately after sitting down I began meditating.  I visualized in my mind my exact location.  First I began far out in space looking at the entire United States, and then I moved into Oregon, then to the Coast, then to the Bandon area.  After that I repeatedly drew my zipcode in my mind.  Then, in my mind still, I traced the roads that lead to my property.  When I had finished giving this mental beacon I watched the sky.  At approx. 6:45 pm I witnessed white lights dancing on the horizon.  Each time they made a sudden flash or sharp turn I would hold my lighter up and flash back.  Soon they were coming closer to me.  When they passed behind a cloud nearly above my head I did not see them for 10 seconds or so.  I looked back at the horizon to see if they had retreated there and when I looked back up in the sky above my head I saw a blazing orange trapezoid (sides longer than top ! and bottom) appear approx. 300 ft. up just inside the bottom of the cloud layer.  It's size was equal to a baseball at arms length.  It got very bright and slowly dissipated.  I had not been frightened when I saw them at a distance on the horizon, but once it was right above my head I became very frightened.  Just as the trapezoid vanished another light with the same color appeared in the trees on the property adjacent to ours.  I knew there were no lights conventional lights where this light had manifested.  The orange light flashed 5 or 6 times.  At this point I was too afraid to continue with the experience.  Later, I kicked myself for not investigating. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM ANONYMOUS SOURCE))  This is an adjunct to my sighting report of January 21st, 2010.  As reported, I witnessed a fire orange trapezoid shape illumined in the sky approx. 300 ft. above my head and 30-40 ft. in front of me following an observation of three white lights dancing on the horizon.  Just as the trapezoid disappeared a light of the same color lit up a patch of forest on an adjacent property where I knew there should not be any source of light.  Obviously this was quite shocking for me.  The next day I walked up to the same spot I had been standing the previous night.  I was questioning my sighting and sanity because it was just too vivid and close.  It is one thing to see lights dancing around far off in the atmosphere, but it is quite another experience to have something happen directly over your head at a close distance.  So I went up there again to see if I could see anything else in the daytime.  I watched the sky where the trapezoid had appeared for five minutes or so and decided that I would go back to the house.  When my eyes retreated from the sky and came down to Earth I saw something very strange on the ground directly below the spot where I had seen the trapezoid.  I approached the strange spot on the ground.  It was the body of my dog that went missing approx. 2 months previous.  I was shaken when I put all the events of the past 24 hours together.  It is my feeling that this is not at all a case of animal mutilation, rather, it is my strong conviction that I was led to the spot for a sign of intent on behalf of whatever force was controlling the lights in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.097;-124.4049
Several dozen objects in single file over Oregon coast.  ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-11-25 05:30:00;20 minutes;Several dozen objects in single file over Oregon coast Between 05:15 and 05:45 am on Nov. 25, 2019, I witnessed several dozen satellite objects emerging from same SSW origin and in single file formation travel ENE. A coworker then joined me to witness several more dozen crafts before a third coworker and resident,from facility I work at, observed 30+ more. All were traveling in a straight line and evenly spaced no pics or vids taken and the viewing only stopped because of cloud cover. I personally saw more than 75 crafts in this formation in less than 1/2 hour.;43.097;-124.4049
