Three light able to move very quickly;2004-09-19 22:00:00;1-2 minutes;Three light able to move very quickly My husband and I were sitting by a campfire enjoying the clear sky and looking at the stars. I noticed three yellow lights circling in a small circle and commented that it was weird how backed up the planes were that night figuring that they were planes waiting to land. They circled closer to each other very quickly. When they moved that fast and close we knew they couldn't be planes. One of them that changed to red and then back to blue and then yellow took off from the others heading east very quickly moving across the sky until out of sight. The other two, one of them changing to red then yellow while the other one changed yellow then blue circled each other twice and then the one that was yellow then blue took off going west and then the other one took off after it. We were looking northwest when we seen all this.;41.3768;-82.5363
Orange pulsating light(s) seen for 5 minutes.;2011-09-03 22:15:00;About 5 minutes;Orange pulsating light(s) seen for 5 minutes. I was outside smoking at 2215 on September 3, 2011, and had walked to my car to grab my drink.  As I was walking back to my house, I glanced over towards my neighbor’s house. I noticed a bright orange light about 25 degrees off the deck and at a distance of maybe 2 miles (hard to judge due to breaks in trees, highway, and open farm land).  It was southwest towards Sandusky/Norwalk.  I stood there watching it for a moment and it dimmed out to almost nothing then appeared bright again. I ran inside to grab my telescope.  When I returned outside, I saw the light in the same place. I set my telescope up and upon looking through the spotter to make sure I was lined up right, I noticed that when the light dimmed, it appeared to break into 4 smaller lights (possible illusion due to spotter?)  I tried finding the light through my telescope but could not seem to locate it. I watched it for a few more moments then decided to run inside and get my wife and brother-in-law. When we returned outside, the object had vanished.  As far as I am aware, I am the only one who saw it.  I am a Marine who spent 5 years on an airbase.  No aircraft that I know of has lights like this.;41.3768;-82.5363
Five Red lights in linear formation seen over Lake Erie.;2012-06-25 23:00:00;30 minutes;Five Red lights in linear formation seen over Lake Erie. On the night of June 25th, I exited my house for a night walk and was surprised to find my cousin parked on my street talking on her cell phone and looking at the sky. I looked up and I saw five reddish lights moving from west to east in a linear formation. My cousin was talking to the rest of my family on her cell phone, and encouraged them to come out of the house and see the strange occurrence. Many family members came out the front door I previously exited and looked towards the sky to see two of the remaining lights. The lights seemed to disappear in order of most eastern (first) to the most western (last).  Once the lights disappeared presumably into the clouds, as I recall, there was significant cloud cover (enough to obscure the moon but thin enough to still allow some light to shine through).  I saw few if any stars in the sky, which made the red lights much more noticeable. So it seemed the lights were travelling below the clouds.  I was certain that they were moving to the east as their pathway took them behind a tree (from my vantage point) indicating movement.   Later, after some hesitation, I decided to go on my walk and ultimately stopped at a nearby park, overlooking Lake Erie. I sat on the bench to rest and observe the lightning on the northern horizon. Then I was surprised to see a single red light almost identical the previous lights I had seen was rising from the east until it stopped abruptly. It seemed to flicker for a moment and then disappeared without perceivably moving. From that point, I walked home and prepared for bed.;41.3768;-82.5363
Saw strange lights over lake Erie near Huron Ohio for about 2 hours.;2012-11-18 20:00:00;2 hours;Saw strange lights over lake Erie near Huron Ohio for about 2 hours. Lying in bed watching TV i noticed a bright light that was moving in a strange way over lake Erie. The light was a bit like a rectangle, i assumed it was a helicopter.  After watching for a couple of minutes I got up and went out on my balcony to look at it.  I noticed another light accompanying the large bright light that looked like a very colorful Christmas tree.  Both were moving in a way that did not make sense to me.  I asked my wife to look at them and she could not figure it out ether. I walked out side to the lakefront and began to watch the lights moving around at, I would guess 1000 feet above the lake.  Over the next ten minutes the lights moved 5 miles away towards Huron to the west.  I started looking up in the sky and saw around 50 to 100 of the Christmas tree light all over the sky.  I then went and got a neighbor who has lived on the lakefront for about 30 years.  He came outside and i pointed the lights out to him.  we were looking at 2 of the lights that were in line with each other, one over the other.  Trying to figure out what they were, guessing maybe airplanes that the lights were blurred from some kind of atmospheric condition. The sky’s over lake Erie can do some weird things.  That is when the lower light which i would guess was 5 miles off the shoreline, shot strait up and to our perspective left the atmosphere.  Or at least went out of site.  Over the next hour or so the lights started to disappear.  By ten o’clock I could not see anym! ore of them.  We have no idea what we were watching.  We both agreed we have never seen anything like it.  My wife and daughter as well as my neighbors wife witnessed the lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));41.3768;-82.5363
