Second sighting was only 150 feet away.  Observations between two sightings.;2009-10-10 16:24:00;2-3 minutes;Second sighting was only 150 feet away.  Observations between two sightings. Second Encounter:  Approx. early October of 2009. Place:  I was driving on Hwy 260 due west of Eager, AZ, approx 2.5 miles west of 180 intersection, near a waste transfer site located on the north side of the highway. Time:  16:24. Appearance:  Object was a glowing, glaring white light, approx. 75-100 feet in circumference.  I could see a curved, shiny metallic slope on the north side of the object, like an upper-dome.  Sighting lasted approx. 2-3 minutes. Sound or other emanations:  None whatsoever. Vector and Observations:  Object was moving at an undetermined speed in a Southeast direction over the desert from the direction of highway 60 to the north, heading directly toward my westbound truck.  I pulled over to the right (north) side of 260 and jumped out of the vehicle with my cellphone, which had no camera.  My camera was on the truck console, but I did not remember to use it.  The object came approx. 150 feet from my truck, directly west of me.   The sun was low over the horizon directly behind the object.  It stopped in front of me, and I jumped back in the truck and locked the door.  I called my editor of the newspaper and said “There’s one above me right now!”  She just commented that I was “Lucky”, while I described the object to her.  Reception on the phone was normal.  It stayed for approx. 45 seconds, then started to move in a slight curve toward west, and headed due west and gaining slightly in elevation, slowly, approx.  50 miles an hour.  It became harde! r to distinguish at it distanced.  It then disappeared suddenly. Approx. 12-15 seconds later, two jet fighters came very low and very fast over the southern horizon mountains, moving due north.  They came close to my latitude, turning east and west respectively opposite of each other and circled back 260 degrees symmetrically and crossed paths, at a much slower speed now.    Then a larger jet crossed from west to east at a very high elevation, moving faster than the smaller fighters seemed capable of.  It seemed odd shaped, as if it had an object mounted on top of the main fuselage. Observations:  It was late afternoon, and the sun was directly behind the UFO.  Therefore, the UFO was either creating the light itself or was bending the photons, perhaps.  It was an excellent camouflage, because the further away it was, approaching and retreating from my view, it was difficult to discern.  Also, I distinctly made out a metallic shine on the north (my right) side, not unlike the sun shining on a highly-polished Airstream trailer, and from the outline, it would fit in the shape of a saucer with a highly-sloped dome on top.  The angle was possibly not fitting for a spherical shape.  Later Observations regarding the two incidents mentioned:   Since both objects (Cell-One complex sighting a month earlier) were both approx the same elevation above ground level, the same speed, and came within the exact same proximity to me, it occurred to me that as an observer, I assumed that the size discrepancy between the two objects meant that I was looking at two different crafts or phenomena.  Later, it occurred to me that I was assuming too much based on my past experience with distance and size.  For example, if the smaller, glaring object was the same distance to me in relation to its size as the larger object, it would mean that the smaller object would be approx. 10 feet away.   If that were the case, then that means if the larger object was the same distance as the smaller one in relation to its size, then the larger object would be more like a half-mile away.  Since I could see only the glare of light, not metallic, when the larger object was approaching and ! retreating, it logically follows that if the smaller object was 10 feet away, I would possibly see a metallic property on a vehicle.  My observations here merely taught me not to assume properties by my ignorance.   This whole experience has been extremely valuable to me as a lesson in an even metaphysical perspective:  anything is possible, and as an observer, I should be keen to relationships in various phenomenon, and never make assumptions based on past knowledge.  What if size and distance is merely my perspective?   Please note that in both these incidents, there were no planes in the sky until after the object in question dissappeared from my sight. Again, my newspaper publisher advised that I not write about or report the incident, to save my credibility. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.1083;-109.2953
