Large cigar-ish shaped objects in sky above Franklin/Brentwood Tennessee;2008-06-21 14:00:00;5 to 8 minutes;Large cigar-ish shaped objects in sky above Franklin/Brentwood Tennessee It was Saturday afternoon June 21st around 14:00 hrs.  My wife and I were heading back home from shopping.  As we were driving North on Seaboard lane.  We stopped for a red light at the intersection of Seaboard and Mallory station road.  I then noticed a large cigarish shaped object in the sky not moving.  It was a semi cloudy day with very blue sky, the object appeared to be sort of a dull silver.  We see planes circling in this area quite often awaiting clearance at the Nashville international airport.  I think planes circle in at around 10,000 ft or so.  This object was large, it was longer and fatter than a Boeing 737 and no wings.  At one point as I watch it and was tying to point out to my wife wear it was I actually thought a plane was going to hit it.  The Plane turned out to be above it, as the plane flew behind it heading north, north east direction.  It was hard for my wife to see it because it was dull silver and blended well in the sky with clouds.  We then turned West onto Mallory station road.  I had lost sight of it now.  We then turned North again onto Franklin road.  We proceeded to the intersection of Franklin road and Moores lane.  It was here that I was able to then again see the same object.  Again I tried to point it out to my wife, its was then that she saw a different one east a few miles away in the sky.  Once she was able to see that one, her eyes were now trained and she saw the same one I was looking at back at the intersection of Seaboard and Mallory station rd.  Both object were similar in shape and color, one appear smaller but I think it was a distance thing.  If I were to hold a dime as arms length I would be able to cover the larger one up with half of the dime.  My wife claimed to have seen a 3rd object but I cannot confirm that one for I had only seen the 2.  She claimed they “must be airplanes”.  I argued, planes don’t just hang there especially for that long.   This is not the first time I’ve seen objects in this area.  I will be submitting my other encounters. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));35.9285744680851;-86.8588223404257
