This object was two(2) bright lights, approx. -1 magnitude, travelling northwest to southeast. Lights maintianed equal distant separati;2000-08-11 21:00:00;4 minutes;This object was two(2) bright lights, approx. -1 magnitude, travelling northwest to southeast. Lights maintianed equal distant separation. There was no sound noted. Magnitude of objects never changed. Sky conditions were clear. ((NUFORC Note:  Many reports of these three orbiting bodies.  We assume they are U. S. Navy surveillance satellites.  PD));35.9285744680851;-86.8588223404257
Triangular formation viewed in franklin, tn. Arc shaped flight path, than dissapeared.;2001-05-12 22:00:00;2 minutes;Triangular formation viewed in franklin, tn. Arc shaped flight path, than dissapeared. We went out star gazing to the Natchez Trace. A nice rural area to get away from the city lights. My wife and two boys, ages 6 and 11 went along. We were lying on cots when I noticed a three stars in a triangular fashion. They were very high, like a satellite in distance as far as how high they appeared. Difficult to judge. Regardless, I felt dizzy because it appeared that the stars were moving. Kind of like when you lay back and watch the clouds move and get disorientated. I realized, however, by watching other stars that the objects were indeed moving. I basically freaked out. From the distance that they appeared to be away the objects had to be MILES apart. Possibly 10 miles each? I would have to ask someone who is an expert on it. They moved slowly, from the distance we were seeing, and in an arc. Certainly NOTHING man made could make the arc shape movement at that height and with such an abnormal movement. They didn not go in a perfect arc. Rather the formation somewhat lumbered along. I didn't notice and cannot say for sure that the object was not a whole oject rather than a formation. I was to excited to pay attention if it blocked out stars as it moved. It didn't appear that it did. It was an arc overall but no apparent path that they were going. Everyone watched it in amazement. The formation was not an even sided  triangular. Easy to draw but harder to explain. The object literally faded into the night after, what seemed like, about two minutes in view. Not going fast, just disappearing. I personally am a ((deleted)) in computer networking and an ((deleted)) books. My spouse is an aspiring ((deleted)) in Nashville, TN. Two ((children)), typical ((children)) I suppose. They didn't really understand the significance other than dad getting so excited. There was absolutely no sound from the objects at all, and it is quiet there. Too far up to hear a sound though, as it was more at a satellite height or higher. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and we found him to be serious minded, and seemingly quite credible.  Our first suspicion was that the witnesses may have been witnessing three satellites flying in unwavering formation, but his impression was that they did not move in a straight line.  Moreover, they all appeared to disappear from their view at the same instant.  Satellites probably would have disappeared sequentially, as each of them entered the Earth's terminator, I.e. shadowed side, away from the Sun.   Please see other reports for this same date from all across the U. S., e.g. NY, OK, and OR.  PD));35.9285744680851;-86.8588223404257
Large blinking objects that appeared to defy the laws of physics appearing and disappearing were seen in the skies over Franklin TN.;2004-03-07 08:00:00;hour and 40 minutes;Large blinking objects that appeared to defy the laws of physics appearing and disappearing were seen in the skies over Franklin TN. Keeping the North Star as a point of reference I tracked the objects movement as I drove. The Object seemed to dart and stop and Hover. Also they continued moving out of my line of sight (not behind trees or other large objects) seeming to disappear then reappear in just a quick instant. We also saw several other objects that seemed to hover and blink and these objects were directly between two radio towers (and yes I understand what light were the radio towers and which ones were not). Several of the objects seemed to make a formation and dart upwards at which point the size of the objects seemed to suggest that they were in orbit not in the atmosphere. There is more to this report but I will leave that for the phone call and instead leave background information on myself and my girlfriend (the other witness). I am a 25 year old restaurant manager and actor plus writer. My girlfriend is a 24 year old Music Business student at Belmont here in TN.;35.9285744680851;-86.8588223404257
