Did this sighting have anything to do with my husbands illness?;2008-10-02 20:00:00;30 sec;Did this sighting have anything to do with my husbands illness? the first week of October, 2008, my son, my husband and myself were sitting in my living room at about 8:00 pm.  We had sliding glass doors out of our living room that went directly into our backyard.   Suddenly our yard was filled with a bright bluish white light that got the attention of my son and myself.  When we looked out the door, a glowing egg shaped craft, that could only have held one or two beings, was gliding silently through our yard.   We live in the city so we do not have a huge yard.  After it passed out doors, I ran to the front winidow to see where it would go....but it never came out from between the houses, which leads me to believe it took off after we saw it.  Strange to me was the fact that although he was sitting with us...my husband did not see the craft.   Without listening to each others account, my son and I gave a description of what we saw to my husband.  We both saw the same thing.  I am an armed security guard at Independence Hall and have been trained to observe and report things that I see.  I dont think 2 of us could be crazy at the sametime.   Why didn't my husband see it?  I have no idea! The reason I've decided to report this now is that about 2 weeks after the sighting, on Oct. 14,2008, my husband was hospitalized with a very rare brain fungal infection.  His doctors had no idea how he  contracted it...as it appeared nowhere else in his body, as it normally should.   He was in a coma for 2 months before they could figure out how to treat it.  My husband died this past August due to this infection.  I cant help but wonder if this sighting, that he said he didn't see, had anything to do with it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.9908941640383;-75.1497700315451
White-gold textured ellipsoid vectors past skyscrapers in daylight;2020-05-19 13:45:00;3 minutes;White-gold textured ellipsoid vectors past skyscrapers in daylight I live on the 41st floor looking north and i noticed what i thought was a metal balloon floating towards the west but it was further so i thought it was like a bed sheet but it wasn't changing course so i watched it and it was about a mile from my location still moving westward and its altitude was about 380ft (figured using the building next to it) and it was shiny metal almost like white gold and it reflected the sunlight to shine about 4 or 5 times while i was watching at a pretty slow tempo compared to how fast it was moving - it continued west and increased altitude about 15/30 ft but stayed relatively level - I didn't see where its trajectory was coming from but it seemed like the same course. it didn't disappear irregularly but was out of sight maybe within 1.5 minutes. The entire time it did not exceed my current position in altitude - not trying to be too technical just trying to be accurate. It it was spinning it seemed to spin counterclockwise. I ! often see planes fly by and relative to the speed of a plane it was moving maybe 2.5x as fast.  Ah the shape was difficult to resolve - I would say it was close to the dimensions of a fedex truck or shipping container.  It was rounded though no sharp corners so its profile looked like a bar of soap without dimples or a puffer fish but if it was spinning then i dont know what shape it would actually be.  It is also very windy today and the object didn't seem to be affected or make any overt sounds (and i can hear sirens at that distance easily).  [currently there is a fire on the train tracks directly below where the object passed over and my internet was bad for a while but i really dont think they are related];39.9908941640383;-75.1497700315451
