I saw a large triangular outline of red and white lights that seemed to hover and then move very slowly pass my car.;2002-02-13 20:00:00;2-5 minutes;I saw a large triangular outline of red and white lights that seemed to hover and then move very slowly pass my car. I was driving westbound on the King sideroad and as I approached the traffic lights at Jane St. I saw a large, stationary, triangular object. I could not actually see a solid object but rather the impression of an object was created due to a triangular pattern of lights. The lights were white, red and a third color (blue or green). The lights seemed to be over a major highway (Hwy 400) so I thought it was a traffic plane. When I stopped at the traffic lights and the object didn't move I thought it might be a helicopter. It was the large outline (roughly hand size) and the triangular shape that made me wonder if it was in fact something else. As I left the traffic lights and continued to the overpass I was able to watch the object pass from my front to my driver's side window. I was driving very slowly and the object may have been moving very slowly in the opposite direction. I lost sight of the object as I decended the other side of the overpass. All of my window's were closed but my radio was not on. I do not remember hearing any noises.;43.9263;-79.5249
Size of a jumbo jet - Boomerang shaped;2009-07-31 01:30:00;2 1/2 minutes;Size of a jumbo jet - Boomerang shaped I was driving home at around 1:30 AM on King Sideroad, east of 27.  As I was driving, I noticed what looked like a commuter jet flying at about 3000 feet.  As I kept driving, I noticed it wasn't moving very fast.  I continued driving east up the hill on King Sdrd. and noticed that it wasn't moving whatsoever.   I kept driving for about a minute, stopped on the side of the road, got out of the car, grabbed a pair of binoculars I always keep in my car and started looking at it.  I estimated that it was traveling at about 50 miles/hr.   As I was watching it through my binoculars, it had no tail, just wings. Underneath, it had about 15 yellow and orange lights.  There was no sound, it was just quietly humming.  As it was going by, I got back in my car, turned it around and started driving west with it, thinking that I could maybe catch up to it.  However, by then, a few cars had gone by and were in front of me.  This made it difficult for me to catch up to it. I returned to Highway 27 and by then it was maybe a mile ahead of me. I estimate that in about 2 1/2 minutes, it had traveled maybe 4 miles.  I've traveled on various planes - from a concorde to a jumbo jet and it certainly wasn't anything I have seen before.  The entire sighting lasted about 2 1/2 minutes, had that been any kind of airplane, it would've have traveled at least 20-30 miIes.  I have no idea what it was, but I'm certain it wasn't an airplane or a helicopter.;43.9263;-79.5249
