I might be a match for a report in your database;1976-06-15 21:00:00;3-5 minutes;I might be a match for a report in your database When I was a young child I witnessed a UFO outside my bathroom window.  My whole life I was certain of what happened and was surprised I never heard anything more about it.  In my adult life I have heard people on TV and in articles describe what they have seen and I have never heard anyone describe one like I saw.  Then I just came across your site and database, and went through all the months and years of my childhood hoping to find something that has troubled me my whole life.  All of the sudden Disco I came across that blew my mind and is about exactly the right time of when I was a child that I may have seen this.  The thing that blew me away was his description of the ship...when he described it the hair on the back of my neck stood up.  It was the case reported on 6/15/76 in Smithtown New York.  I am almost certain we saw the same thing.  Is there a way for me to get in touch with this person and ask him more questions?  I mean to be alone with this! my whole life and find this is no way a coincidence.  What I really want to do is see if we can compare sketches of what we saw.  Please help me this is so important to me. I need to tell you what happen to me as a child though because I probably have thought about it every day of my life.  It was somewhere between 9-11 pm...I don't know exactly what I was doing prior to going into the bathroom, but I went into the bathroom and was standing in front of the toilet.  Immediately to the right of the toilet is a window that you can freely look out.  I glanced out the window and was immediately captivated by what I saw.  Above the tree line was this craft hovering above the trees.  Around the bottom of the saucer was lights flashing in a sequence all around the bottom of it, lights going in circles.  These light panels so to speak were also windows.  In the center on the top was a cap that may have been clear.  I knew the second I saw it exactly what it was, which was a UFO.  I also knew deep down inside something was aware that I was watching it.  It wasn't a scary feeling of any type, but I knew someone was aware of me.  It mostly hovered the whol! e time in the same place.  I knew what I was looking at and was so excited that I ran into the living room and was screaming for my parents to come and look at this.  We ran back to the window for me to show him and I pointed out the window.  He was starring out the window going, where, where??  Here is the total bizarre thing...the UFO was sitting there as clear as can be and I am starring at this thing pointing and screaming at it and he just could not see it at all.  I also was then set in with a feeling that for whatever reason, it isn't possible for him to see what I can see.  As this was going on, I can still feel this really weird awareness.  This sense that they are aware of me, and I am aware of them, and at this time I am only able to see it.  I don't know how that is possible but as a child this was all crystal clear to me.  I also was aware that they were now leaving and I watched it slowly move away from me as it is leaving, again I had this awareness inside ! they were leaving and still can feel them watching me as they ! moved aw ay, and then there was just this sudden zip away from me and it disappeared. I am going to try and explain one other thing that is probably going to sound absolutely nuts!  Truth is, from the time I saw the craft out the window, to the time I ran out for my parents, I really have no idea how long that time is.  It feels like it is only a moment, but something deep down inside me feels like it was actually a lot longer, but made to feel like a moment or two.  I feel like I just completely lost a sense for solid time during this period.  Even after the whole thing was over, I still had this feeling of lost time.  My memories feel fluid, but even today there is this feeling of lost time somewhere in there like something happen to me but I really have no idea what. There is something else that is very odd and probably completely off the wall.  I have no idea why I associate what I am going to say with the sighting but I have always wonder this my adult life.  I have also never told another soul this in the world because I would think somebody is completely nuts if they told me this.  Around the time of all this in my life I have noticed a little bump under my skin on my shin that's like a small pellet.  I didn't have any type of accident, there is no scar, no childhood accident that would of cause this but my whole adult life I have always felt that something was put there by them somehow.  I have no memory of anything like this at all happening surrounding the craft, but something sick in my stomach tells me otherwise.  One of these days I am going to get that thing cut out and find out exactly what it is. Anyway...the report you have I am certain by his description of the craft that we witnessed the same thing.  Is there some way of digging a little deeper into this?  Oh...I don't want what I reported to be put out to the public...it's really embarrassing. Thanks ((NUFORC NOTE:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.7801;-73.2458
