Large glowing disk at Max Patch, NC...... abduction?;2007-10-09 21:33:00;Longer than a cigarette b;Large glowing disk at Max Patch, NC...... abduction?   My girlfriend and I were driving west on I-40 nearing the Tennessee state line.  We were going to Max Patch Mountain, a large mountainous bald approx. 50 acres.   We arrived at around 8 pm laid out a blanket and looked for meteors as we often do at this site…. Weekly.  We were both sober and neither of us has ever reported a UFO experience.   We sat looking at the stars for around an hour the event time listed is approximate, and we saw a few shooting stars as normal.  I lit a cigarette and over the opposite ridge from where we were sitting a large glowing disk shaped object emerged.   The object slowly drifted in our direction and within seconds was directly over our head.  The bottom of the craft looked like a mass of glowing jelly.  I know this sounds weird but hey its what I saw.  A greenish color that turned a turquoise blue at it’s edges.   We were standing there looking in amazement when a flash of light broke my concentration.  I looked to my girlfriend and she was as bewildered as I felt.  The cigarette in my hand was burnt to the butt and had burned my fingers to a red color...and of course it hurt like I was burnt.   How long did I observe the craft?  Were we abducted? Why don’t I remember the time it took for a full cigarette to burn or remember it burning my hand?  This location is miles from civilization approximately 8 mi’s of dirt road travel from the interstate and is often regarded as one of the most beautiful places on the Appalachian Trail.   Any insight into what may have happened would be appreciated.  Has this occurred within a reasonable distance of this location before?  In excess my girlfriend is a Registered Nurse (and she's great) and im a chemistry student.  Neither of us have mental disorders, substance abuse problems, or take prescription medicine. We are both 24 yrs old.  Sincerely, Stunned;35.507393193717;-82.9902115183239
