White, cigar-shaped, silent object flying at low altitude.;2001-03-12 07:45:00;3 min.;White, cigar-shaped, silent object flying at low altitude. On the morning of 3/12/01, at about 7:45 a.m., my Daughter and I saw a white, cigar-shaped object moving slowly, and at low altitude, from the southwest toward the northeast and then it turned slightly north, toward Mt. Diablo.  At times, it seemed to stay in one position, as if to observe something below, then moved forward, again.  The day was a bright, clear, cloudless morning.  The object was moving through the air at a lower altitude than I have seen many single engine planes fly.  It made no noise whatsoever.  It had no wings, no visible cockpit, no rudder, wheels, propeler, no cables or anything on or protruding from it.  I am only certain of what it was NOT: it was not a plane, not a helicopter, not a blimp, not a balloon, not a glider, or any ordinary object I have ever seen in the sky.  It appeared to move intentionally.  I did not have the benefit of binoculars, but with the naked eye, it appeared that it may have had narrow band of dark-colored metal very slightly bisecting the middle of the object, which gave the hint of an indentation or slightly segmented body, but I cannot be sure because it was further away from me, at that point.  Mostly, it appeared to be made of a smooth, cigar-shaped, bright white, non-reflecting material, i.e., not a shiny metal.  Because it had no visible means of propulsion, I was amazed at how slowly it was moving.  It's length was about the width of my thumbnail, held at arm's length.  The object was still in sight, when it was followed by a single engine plane that flew overhead, in the same direction (toward the northeast), but the plane was flying at a lower altitude.  So, for a brief period, perhaps 30 seconds,I had both the plane and the silent, cigar-shaped object in view, before they both passed behind the buildings and trees, and out of my line of sight.  The strange object was moving much slower than the single engine plane behind and below it.  It would seem to me that any observer in the small plane would have had a clear, much closer view of th! e cigar- shaped object.  I went in and called the FAA Office at the Livermore Airport, nearby, but they said they had no other reports nor did they see anything.;37.7201;-121.919
White, cigar-shaped object flying over Dublin, CA 7:40 am most mornings.;2001-03-31 07:40:00;2-4 min.;White, cigar-shaped object flying over Dublin, CA 7:40 am most mornings. This is my 2nd report of this object.  It flies over Dublin every morning and I see it at 7:40 am from the BART station.  In my first reporting of the object, it was flying much lower, and much slower.  I reported my sighting here, and to the local FAA office at the Livermore Airport.  Is it coincidental that the object now passes overhead at a much higher altitude so that it will go largely unobserved?  It appears to be white, cigar-shaped, with no wings, no sound, no windows, nor anything that would make it resemble a known object.  It flies from the southwest to the northeast or east. ((NUFORC Note:  We have no idea what the reported object is, but there may be conventional aircraft, e.g. blimps, military a/c, etc., that may be the cause.  We do not understand how an object can apparently be so prominent, and be reported by one source, but this paucity of reports to overt events is not unheard of in the UFO field.  Please see next report from Lucerne Valley, CA.  PD));37.7201;-121.919
