In early a.m., already a bit light, at about 45 degrees, a fireball steaked in front of me for about 5 seconds. I was driving about 65 ;1998-10-29 06:30:00;5 seconds;In early a.m., already a bit light, at about 45 degrees, a fireball steaked in front of me for about 5 seconds. I was driving about 65 mph. It was big and it was close. It was traveling from the northwest to the southeast. Most astounding was the bright apple-green color, the closeness, and the long tail. I am a 47-year-old married woman with one teenage son. I publish a national, monthly trade magazine by profession and was on my way to a quarterly operations meeting in Auburn, CA, with my business partners. About one hour into my drive, directly in front of me at about a 45 degree angle, a large, very bright ball of fire streaked across the sky moving from northwest to southeast. I was driving about 65mph on CA Interstate 680 North on the southern outskirts of the City of Dublin. I was shocked at how close the fireball was. It's very difficult for me to judge but I would guess it was just two football fields away from me at a 45 degree angle. The center of the ball was the brightest white I've ever seen but the most remarkable aspect was the bright flourescent apple-green color around the ball and surrounding the long tail. After about five (5) long seconds it simply disappeared. I was stunned and looked at the car to my right in the lane next to me. A woman was looking at the very spot where the fireball had disappeared. For a brief second we just stared at each other. I shook my head and she made a gesture to indicate she saw it also. Though I didn't need confirmation as to what I had just seen, I was glad to be able to tell others that there was another witness. (I have seen one other object that was unusual but that was in June of 1971 in Estees Park in the Colorado Rocky Moutains. That ball of light moved at rapid speed, changing angles quickly, once shooting straight up into the air. I will reserve my following comments only to the object I saw most recently.);37.7201;-121.919
Bright Still Light, After 15-20 Seconds sped away with greenish light. too low and too fast to be a plane;2008-08-07 21:30:00;30 seconds;Bright Still Light, After 15-20 Seconds sped away with greenish light. too low and too fast to be a plane Early August 2008 a friend and I got out of a night-time movie in Dublin, CA. Driving North on CA HWY 680 from Dublin to Walnut Creek in 2 separate cars. I was in the front and they were following in their car.  I notice a Bright glowing light, low in altitude, motionless, and I leaned forward to look up and see it better. As I did so it sped away traveling north, as it flew it seemed to stay in low altitude and extremely high speed, and disappeared at the horizon, clearly too fast and too low to be a plane.  I said to myself, “No way.” I quickly called my friend, who was following me, on my cell phone and was going to ask if she had seen it too.  Before I even had the chance to say anything she said “Did you see that?”  I replied “I was just going to ask you the same thing. How weird was that?”  She said “Do you think it’s a UFO?”  I said “I didn’t really think it was possible to ever believe in one, or see one. I think so.”  When we got to our destination and talked about it a bit more, she had mentioned seeing it floating in the air for about 15-20 seconds. When it was motionless in the air she described it as a white-ish light and as it flew away colored green, and left a greenish trail, and clearly too fast and too low to be a plane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.7201;-121.919
Two high altitude round objects in Eastern sky near moonp;2019-06-09 17:10:00;30 minutes;Two high altitude round objects in Eastern sky near moonp Large group of people were at Emerald Glen park when my 17 month year old son pointed up to the sky (as he often does) at a flock of birds that was flying across the sky.  I noticed that one of the “birds” wasnt moving.  It was directly due east, at about the same height in the sky as the moon, bright white/silver and about the size of a large-sized star.  Just.. sitting there.  It was high up as well as wisps of clouds seemed to obscure it.  After watching it for about 10 minutes someone asked me what I was looking at.  I pointed it out, and he began looking at it as well.  Soon a small group of about 10 of us dads were looking at it, trying to figure out what it was. After about 15 minutes, someone said “Hey, theres another one!”  Sure enough, another white dot appeared also due east but lower towards the horizon by about 3 inches. This second object was the same size as the first but was very slowly pulsing.. fading in and out of view in about 10 second intervals.  Eventually it faded out and didnt return.  It was around for maybe 10 minutes of the sighting. The entire sighting lasted about 30 minutes. As I was creating a post on Above Top Secret urging anyone in the Dublin, CA, area to “look up”, it vanished.  I wish I could tell you if it zoomed off, blinked out, or exploded, but I can't.  I took 15 seconds to respond to someone’s reply to my post, looked up, and the object was gone.  By that time, I was the only one still watching it.  It was almost straight up (maybe 150 degrees if 180 is straight up) so it did a number on our necks as we were watching it. Can confirm this was not Venus.  Used Star Walk app, and Venus was directly behind us.  There were no astronomical objects that would explain what we saw.  The objects appeared to be very high altitude and were stationary.  I tried to take pictures of it, but it was too far away and not bright enough for the Iphone camera to pick up.;37.7201;-121.919
