I was driving home around 11:00pm on 2-27-09 when I something flying in the sky ahead of me. It struck me as odd because it was way too;2008-02-27 23:00:00;30 min;I was driving home around 11:00pm on 2-27-09 when I something flying in the sky ahead of me. It struck me as odd because it was way too low to be a plane, but it was much larger then a helicopter and definitely not a blimp because the movement was very deliberate and faster then a blimp’s. It had 4 very bright white lights and 2 blinking red lights. I rolled down the window to see if I could identify it by the sound it made, but there was NO noise, it was completely silent! That when I pulled over to give it a harder look.  The craft was huge and flying slowly and very low, about 5 stories off the ground, and it was completely silent. It was shaped like either a giant diamond or triangle. I could clearly see the right angle that made up the nose and I could see that the sides also meet at a sharp angles but the back was obscured by the incredibly bright white lights so the shape of the rear was a little hard to make out. As it flew directly over me I could see that it was very dark gray with a black circle in the center. It pass over my head and then make a large arc in the sky and flew west back towards San Francisco. I watched it go over the horizon until it couldn’t see it anymore. The whole thing lasted about 12 minutes.  Amazed at what I had just see I got in my car and drove the remaining 6 blocks home. Then, when I was getting out of my car, I saw another one! This one was also silent but it was a little faster then the first and flew higher in the air, about 8 stories up. This one also had bright white and red lights but unlike the first one I could clearly see that it was triangle shaped. It followed the path of the first but made a slightly tighter arc and continued straight west. As I watched it go, I saw that it was flying towards another one that was far off in the horizon. It joined the other and they both flew north until I couldn’t see them anymore.  None of my roommates believed me but know what I saw. Other people must have seen them too because they flew over very populated areas.;37.7201;-121.919
