A small saucer hoovering over the 580/680 interchange, helicopters surrounding it.;2001-03-23 07:30:00;10 minutes;A small saucer hoovering over the 580/680 interchange, helicopters surrounding it. Driving to work and late as usual, heading east on 580 approaching downgrade to the 580/680 interchange I saw a dark round shape (small) hoovering in the sky above the interchange and 3 black helecopters surrounding it.    At first when I saw it, it was by itself, then the helicopters came from out of no where.  I knew it was a ufo, and I wanted to pull over and stop but I was in the fast lane, and traffic was going too fast, so I kept an eye on it as I worked my way over to the far right hand lane.  As I got closer to it, it seemed to disapear suddenly, and the helicopters flew off.  This was not a blimp.  I know what the blimps of the bay area look like.  It was not a plane or a helicopter... it was a dark round disc, floating.  At the time, I wondered why everyone else on the freeway didn't seem to see it.  I never reported it until now.  I remember the date clearly because it was one of my brothers birthday.;37.7201;-121.919
Saucer spotted behind bright lights of car dealership;2004-11-05 18:45:00;3 mins.;Saucer spotted behind bright lights of car dealership While travelling on I-680 South, I took the Dublin Blvd. exit to stop at a gas station.  As I was taking the exit, there is a car dealership located right at the curve.  I was talking to my daughter on the cell phone and noticed a gold object, shaped like a saucer which had a lighted dome and muted colored lights at the bottom.  It was huge and situated behind the bright lights of the car lot.  At first I thought it was a gimmick to attract customers to the dealership.  Then it moved very slowly, coasting back and forth from left to right.  I screamed as I realized it was the real thing...a UFO.  I parked my car and had a better view.  I described it to my daughter and said I wish I had a camera so I can show her how it looks.  I've had a camera phone but never used it, so I completely forgot I had a camera until my daughter mentioned it.  I drove out of the parking lot and told my daughter I was going to take a snapshot of it.  As I moved closer to the object, in a matter of 3-4 seconds, it faded and disappeared in the night sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report describes self as holding a responsible job.  PD));37.7201;-121.919
We saw these white lights moving in a circular motion and couldn't believe our eyes.;2008-09-12 20:25:00;5 min;We saw these white lights moving in a circular motion and couldn't believe our eyes. We went out to dinner that evening and when we had finished we were going home. Then I was just sitting in the back car seat with my sibling,the car had stopped at a stoplight and we were waiting and all of a sudden I see these lights moving in a wavy motion and I was like What is that? (in my mind) It looked like one of those banners that small planes carry during the day but this was made of lights. So I tell my sibling to look and says What is that? then the lights start to move to the right side of the car and then my parents and sibling gasp when they see these white(color changed) lights moving in a circular motion. We couldn't believe our eyes. We had just seen a UFO. I had never thought that I'd see one in my life. Besides the government couldn't possibly lie this time (make an excuse) because there are no army jets flying arouns in the bay area and the only airport near Dublin is very small and has likewise small planes (not for traveling) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.7201;-121.919
