2 stationary white objects at high altitude - then disappeared after 1 minute. 3 more objects seen moving slowly across the sky.;2007-03-19 09:45:00;Approx 1 hr;2 stationary white objects at high altitude - then disappeared after 1 minute. 3 more objects seen moving slowly across the sky. While working at a construction site I happened to look up (towards the north) and observed what appeared to be 2 white roundish objects at an extreme altitude. At first I thought they might be a pair of sea gulls but they didn't move - they stayed in the exact same spot. We had some high altitude cloud whisps  in the general area but they were not clouds - they were too white and very distinctly formed. I watched the objects for approx 30 seconds and then moved to a different position to get a better look and when I returned to that part of the sky they were gone. While the objects were visible I mentioned to another construction worker but he didn't bother to look. Approximately 5 to 10 minutes later I happend to look up again out of curiosity and spotted a single white round object moving slowly from west to east. I first spotted the object to the west - what I would estimate to be over the hills that seperate Castro Valley (in the west) and Dublin - this object appeared to be in a high altitude as well, but not as high as the first 2 objects. This time I was able to get the construction worker to look up and he thought it was a balloon - which was my thought as well as it was moving very slowly but in a staight line. As it passed over head I moved to adjust my view again and when I looked back up it was gone. This happened 2 more times over the next approx half hour. The third object was almost in the same exact spot when I spotted the second and it moved just as slow and in a straight line from west to east only this time it was red. Again as it passed over head I adjusted my view and again it was gone.  The third and last time this happened the object was again white, it moved in the exact same path that the previous white and red object had moved, at approx the same speed, but this time I kept my eyes on it (thinking that it maybe a balloon again) but after it passed overhead, it proceeded a ways - to what I would estimate to be the Altamont Pass hills area east of Livermore - and! then it stopped!  I continued looking and I used my hardhat brim to try to see if it was still moving, I kept my head absolutely motionless and used the Satilite Antenna on a distant hill as a reference point to make sure I wasn't moving my hardhat at all. The object was still in the same spot that it had stopped in but it was becoming dimmer and that's when it came to me that it must be moving up. This is when I realized that it was also becoming smaller - I watched this object for about 3 to 4 minutes total till it disappeared from view.;37.7201;-121.919
Dim Non-satellite changes direction. Gets curious. Goes extremely fast exciting.;2020-11-12 18:10:00;6 minutes;Dim Non-satellite changes direction. Gets curious. Goes extremely fast exciting. I was taking out the trash at my condo. Why was I looking at the sky. Obvious question to the skeptical. I always loved a clear view of the stars, but especially, since I was 10 , in 1980, when I saw my first , and only other UFO. I always look up. I love the stars, yet, I am not knowledge in constellations, etc. I do know, when I am seeing a satellite. I love to watch, for the brief time, a satellite pass by. And at this time, I thought I was seeing one. I had put away the trash, went to the best location , to view stars, in my parking area( which isn't great. Parking lights create a lot of light pollution). I know, to get any good view of stars, I block direct light with my hands. I also know , from experience, look into the darkest areas of the sky, and look with my peripheral vision for movement. Not only that, but if you look into the darkestest areas, then, the dimmest stars will gradually appear slowly, and depending on several factors. Your sight, sky interference, of sorts etc.  you can hopefully see something , far away. That is the greatest. To see a faint star, that is so far away. I would so like to see it close. But to the point. That is how I saw this UFO. I clasped my hands, to block as much encompassing light around my vision, that was near me, that would prevent, what I might see in the sky. (Which would be a great thing for a UFO. Fly where there is much blinding city night light, as so to hide). I chose to look, (and its not always the same areas, but at this time, ),  at a darkened area of the sky. Not directly into any star or light. I was looking towards the East. In the East, San Francisco Bay Area, and my stare into the sky , by my estimate, was a 46 degree angle. It was cool. I'm not sure the temp. Sky clear as a bell. I had not a drink, nor drugs of any kind in my system. I must say, that the event, was not glamorous, such as, many videos online, tend to be. If this was video recorded, I feel, all would say its very boring to view.  To the view: 6:10pm pac time: I watched and saw , what I thought to be a satellite. I was excited. I loved catching rare views of satellites. But it slowed. I was instantly. Shocked. /unless there is technology, that allows a satellite to do the following. It was traveling south. Slowly. Smoothly. Then , it slowed. As if curious. But it didn't stop.  In my report, I used the word loopy loop. That was not the correct wording to use. I was busy trying to remember and record, if I could , which wouldn't and et. Multitask. Currently, I would use the word, u-turn.  I saw , what I was seeing, and thought ...video record this! But , as I'm good with getting the video going, etc , I quickly realized, this was going to be a terrible shot. Too far away. Too dim. Just visuallize the event and tell someone. Essentially, it was smoothly sailing, much higher than a jet plane. About half as dim as a star. Then, it slowed, as if curious, then took a u-turn toward the north. It was a very gradual movement.  But, I've had a 1980 experience, where the UFO did a point-point-point instant take-off and stop. This was not that. This was a u-turn, very high, and if I placed my thumb to the sky, the u-turn was inside my thumb area. But extremely controlled. Not a tight turn but not extra wide. It brought out of the u-turn, just as gradually, as if viewing something of worth maybe, then proceeded north, and widening its flight pattern, slightly to the East, as it went forth. As it progressed North, it easily, increased speed. Much more than a jet plane could. It was a very dim light to see. I had to struggle to view it. But I traced it with my finger across the sky with its movement, to try to judge speed, if possible. , and my hand swept by. My only other UFO sighting was when I was 10, 1980;37.7201;-121.919
