Twinkling red/white bright star that moved ever so slightly for 30 minutes then dissapeared;2008-09-23 21:00:00;30 minutes;Twinkling red/white bright star that moved ever so slightly for 30 minutes then dissapeared I was in my yard on the phone at approx 9pm est on Tuesday evening when I noticed a twinkling large star in the sky west of me.  As I talked on the phone I thought it was changing color from white to red so I assumed it was a plane.  I realized that in 15 minutes it moved approx 1/2 inch towards the treeline ahead of me. I thought this was strange because several planes went past this object and hit the treeline with 2-3 seconds.  I was mesmerized because I knew it was moving ever so slightly and changing colors from white to red. I watched it for 30 minutes (I was stationary sitting on my patio chair) then it just dissapeared instantly.;40.8275;-73.1225
One big spot of white-fluorescent light flying from west to east: light faded while object made a U-turn.;2012-01-31 17:55:00;2-4 Seconds;One big spot of white-fluorescent light flying from west to east: light faded while object made a U-turn. Witnessed an extremely bright circular shape of white-fluorescent light flying from west to east.  Object appeared to be as a big as a Kennedy-half-dollar while observing from the ground.  Object seems to appear extremely bright at first but dimmed out while flying away in a U-shaped pattern. Did not hear any sound (No engine sounds) when object was spotted.  Object later appeared stationed at one spot for at least 15 minutes.  Observed object with binoculars and witnessed bright light at the center with a surrounding reddish/orange light at the first circumference and a surrounding yellowish/soft-white light at the second circumference. Example of object’s luminescence: (yellowish/soft-white light (reddish/orange light (white-fluorescent light) reddish/orange light) yellowish/soft-white light) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.8275;-73.1225
