Silent low flying aircraft over I-5 north.;2014-06-24 23:30:00;1 minute;Silent low flying aircraft over I-5 north. 11:30 pm-ish.... There were three of us driving on the 5 north when my passenger could barely speak and told me to look up.  I must say it was very clear out and there were absolutely no lights ahead of us in the sky prior to this.  When I looked up, there were 4 blue lights, and some object hoovering about 30 feet above my car.  The moon-roof shade was open and we could clearly see the whole object.   As soon as we looked up and started to point at the object, it began to fly away from the car, covering what we discussed and concluded was about a mile at most in 5-10 seconds.  The object stopped and started to land.  It moved and turned in ways that we all have never seen anything do before.  I must clarify this object was bigger than a jet but smaller than a commercial plane.  About 10 seconds after it landed there was a helicopter that appeared in the sky ahead moving very fast toward the downed object.   There were many other lights in the sky that started being noticed in the next few seconds much higher up in the sky but above where the object landed.   This vehicle made absolutely no noise and covered a lot of ground in a very short time.   The passenger in the back seat, as the object landed, became obviously frightened and fell into a deep sleep 20 min after seeing the object.   The front passenger and I have had weird visions, tingling, and nervousness, nauseous, and other interesting things since seeing the object...it was like we had to fight something off inside our heads talking to us.;35.9909;-120.1197
Large black object seen through windshield by two pilots.;2018-11-19 10:45:00;3 seconds;Large black object seen through windshield by two pilots. I am an airline pilot for a major airline.  At 10:45 local California time, we were at 35,000 feet over Avenalm, Ca.  As I was heads down briefing the descent profile into LAX, I saw a large black object go through my windshield view.  I was initially startled, and my first officer looked to catch a glimpse.   I asked ATC if there was any traffic in the area and he responded that closest traffic was 20 miles away.  The other traffic was behind us at the same altitude heading same direction.  They did not see anything.   I’m not 100% sure what I saw because I caught it in my peripheral vision and saw it go by very fast.  It was a large black object that had no wings and did not leave a contrail.  I am also not sure how close it was, but I do know that it was closer then the normal thousand foot separation of other aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we were impressed with his apparent sincerity and qualifications as a witness.  We suspect that he is a highly reliable witness.  PD));35.9909;-120.1197
