my wife and I were at a ranch late at night talking with friends about 4 or 5 miles from avenal , When we notice several small lights z;1994-03-15 01:00:00;40 or 50 minutes;my wife and I were at a ranch late at night talking with friends about 4 or 5 miles from avenal , When we notice several small lights zig zagging around a large light in the clear night sky about 11 years ago close to where the avenal prison now is located,  We watched the lights for about 30 or 40 minutes, I had a weird feeling inside so we decided to get in our car and leave,  We drove about 1/2 mile down the dirt road and we were planning on turning left toward avenal when we spotted what looked like a ufo on the ground with flashing lights that seemed to flow around the object,  I assumed it was a ufo so I headed toward the object with my high lights on at full speed to try and scare it to take off so we could see it shoot into space.  all of a sudden it looked like shawdows coming from the ship I assume they appeared like shawdows because the bright back lighting,  I got shivers and was scared bad so I spun the car around in retreat and pushed the gas to the floor and released the gas a second later but it stuck to the floor  I reached down to release it manually and it just popped up,  I turned around and there was no more ship  we arrived home shortly after since it was only a 5 minute drive but when we arrived home the clock showed two hours later than when we left.  And the next time we saw our friends that lived out there they didnt remember seeing any lights in the sky that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));35.9909;-120.1197
UFO at Lemoore NAS exit off I5 in CA.;2002-06-21 02:40:00;45min.;UFO at Lemoore NAS exit off I-5 in CA. I was driving on I-5 about an hour or two north of Bakersfeild or somewhere near the slauterhouse when I saw the swooping aircraft with three lights that a lot of people have been talking about. All of the other reports I have read perfectly coincide with what I saw. I saw this twice, the second time I stopped at the reststop near the Lemoore NAS (National Air Station) exit and was able to observe the swooping aircraft with three lights just across the freeway to the east. I got out of my car and walked up to the edge of the freeway and took several good digital photographs which I can E-mail. I could hear what sounded like a prop engine coming from the aircraft. After watching this for about an hour I must say that the pilot has superior skills.;35.9909;-120.1197
