I saw an object with bright lights in the sky , at first i thought it was a airplane.But, it looked wird like it was a flying car, with;2004-10-16 09:20:00;45 secs;I saw an object with bright lights in the sky , at first i thought it was a airplane.But, it looked wird like it was a flying car, with it's headlights spaces exactly like a car.It was also driving in the air'. The sky was pretty bright for 9:15 pm. i could also see another craft in the air, and this was a plane i know. Because of O'hare there are a lot of planes in the sky all the time, and that is how i know that this craft lookes starnge. Also, as i was looking at it, it disapperared completely. On moment it was there, driving/gliding slowly in the sky, not very hight and not very fast, and he next it was gone! completely in one second, in a blink of an eye. But, the oher plane was still in the sky, i waited for  couple of minutes, looked around in the sky, but it did not appear again. also, i know it is pretty cloudy today, but the clouds were too high and the plane too low to disappear into the clouds. And the lights completely disappeared. Also, there were no wing lights or any other lights other than the front headlights. I call it a UFO, because to me it was  an Unidentifed Flying Object (UFO), whether it was a conventional UFO or not! What is a conventional UFO? Also, i never did see the shape of the craft, which was weird because the sky was pretty bright, and i could see the shape of the plane behind.;42.1358;-87.9427
saw something from the norwest suburbs of chicago on Monday 11/06/06;2006-11-06 21:20:00;2 minutes;saw something from the norwest suburbs of chicago on Monday 11/06/06 Approximately 9:20pm on Monday, 11/06/06. Wheeling IL, nortwest suburb of Chicago. Craft going northwest while gaining altitude.  This is just a little sighting, and I'm not sure what it was...but maybe their were other witnesses that had a better view.  I was driving home (my house is in Wheeling), and was very close...only a few blocks away, when i looked up and saw litle lights in the sky. They caught my attention because they were pretty bright, they may have been orange (it happend over a week ago...so I'm not 100% on this), but I absolutely remember they were NOT blinking. Most airplanes I've seen have blinking lights. I could not see a real shape to the craft, it was very dark and the craft was pretty far away - but the lights were in a straight line.  I assumed that the lights being in a straight line mean that the craft was like a cylindar or cigar shape...with the lights being placed along the side of the ship, atleast one in the front and one in the back.  Based on this assumption I noticed something strange: The craft was flying northwest while going higher in the sky. But the light on the front part of the craft was much lower, almost at a 45% angle to the light at the very the back of the craft. Opposite of what you would assume of an airplane, where the nose would be higher than the tail. It moved fairly quickly and i was able to watch it fly pretty far away...but the lights NEVER changed angles.  (I also thought that was wierd, and it made me think it those lights were probably not on the wings if it were an airplane).  I was driving and only saw it for a minute or 2. i pulled over for a minute, and drove quickly home (i was only a block away at this point) and ran into the house to get a witness, but ofcourse when i came out it was gone.  It really did seem to be pretty close. Around here we have Ohare airport, and a smaller airport for personal and corporate planes called Palwaukee Airport. I often see planes flying near our house, that are pretty low from taking off from either of those locations. This did look like it could have taken off from one of those airports, because it was low to the ground and I see planes flying in that route. But it was absolutely quiet...no sound at all and i did have everything in my car turned off and stopped driving for a minute (like i said). ALso, as i mentioned before, the angle it seemed to be flying was very differnt.  Being so close to airports, there were ofcourse airplanes flying...but it looked like they were either flying higher or were farther away. Still there were at least 2-3 other airplanes in the same area of the sky that i saw while watchin this object. The object did not look likeit was following them or in anyway flying differently because of those airplanes.  So I have no clue what it was. I didn't submit it earlier because I had only seen it for a minute or two...and was unable to discuss any EXTRODINARY details. But after i heard the coast to coast show last night and mentioned my little experiance with a coast 2 coast chat channel i visit, a friend suggested I submit my story to you guys. Maybe I wasn't the only one to see it? Who knows.  Good luck.  ps - i'm sorry i cannot give you my true address. i do live in wheeling il, 60090, but in the witness contact information form i gave you US Cellular Field's information. However, the e-mail address is correct, so if you want to get in touch with me please use my email. I check it very often.  thanks.;42.1358;-87.9427
Dark object moving VERY FAST, north to south, Wheeling, IL;2013-12-02 05:30:00;3-4 seconds;Dark object moving VERY FAST, north to south, Wheeling, IL Light, scattered clouds.  Stars were visible.  Object was moving very fast from the north to south southwest.   Object’s shape was not defined, possible circular or disc shape but appeared slightly darker than background of early morning darkness.   Altitude was difficult to judge.  No lights, no sound, from object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.1358;-87.9427
