This craft covered about ten miles in about 2 or 3 seconds and is something that we don't have the technology to dupicate at this time.;2006-12-01 06:30:00;2 minutes;This craft covered about ten miles in about 2 or 3 seconds and is something that we don't have the technology to dupicate at this time Me and my girlfriend were coming back from my mom's house after picking up the kids and as we were coming down Atlee Road I noticed a flashing object up in the sky to my left as I was driving. I didn't pay much attention at first because we are near the Richmond Airport but I then noticed that it was not flying in a straight line such as a normal plane would. I slowed down and pulled off the side of the road as my girl-friend screamed at me for doing so but it was flying as if it was circling looking for something. I watched it go from what seemed like about ten miles in about 2 or 3 seconds. It was what looked like over the airport then it was over the field in front of my neighborhood in a flash. It seemed like it was almost checking me out as it passed over I heard a hissing noise and there were blue and green lights on the bottom and side of the triangular shaped craft. It didn't send out any beams or any type of lights to search around but it seemed like some of the colored lights were flashing more rapidly than the others. The whole time my girlfriend was yelling at me to get into the car and she saw it but didn't have any interest in it other than to say lets get the heck out of here. This is the first time I have ever seen anything of this nature and I don't know if it was the same craft everyone else had seen or even if this was some government craft we don't know about. However being a flight enthusiast myself I know that no known craft could perform the flight characteristics displayed that night. I don't drink or do drugs and was not on any medication so I know what I saw and nobody can convince me otherwise but I sure would like to know what the heck it was. I can say this much if I had doubts of UFO's before I have been totally convinced after witnessing this that we are NOT alone after all. I think the government needs to come forward with the information that it has concerning UFO's and tell the truth because sooner or later one is going to land on the Whitehouse lawn and ! then its all over. I have always believed in this stuff because in being a devout christian I find it hard to believe that GOD would have created such a vast Universe and that we are the only creatures that enhabit the entire Universe. It seems like an aweful waste of space. My girlfriend will not talk much about what happened that night and she doesn't like to watch shows about stuff of this nature but one thing is for sure what we saw scared the heck out of her and she no doubt is a believer now even though she won't talk about it to much. I will close with saying thank you for allowing me to talk about this because I didn't know who to talk to and even if someone would believe me or think I was nuts but I want to thank you for being about to tell my story without being ridiculed. I only wish that I had a camera or something that I could have used to support what I saw because it hung around for what seemed like forever but it was only a couple of minutes but long enough to realize that this craft was not a conventional ship that we know of at this time thats for sure.;37.6537903846153;-77.3307374999999
