Triangular pattern witnessed on summer night in backyard;2002-07-31 21:00:00;3 minutes;Triangular pattern witnessed on summer night in backyard This happened when I was about 10 years old and I am now 16, so I will try to relate everything that I can remember. I recently watched a Larry King Live episode on UFOs and decided to write here. I never realized that something like this site existed, and had forgotten about the incident up until now.  	I was outside sitting on our swing out in my backyard with my friend from school when we saw a huge triangular shape approaching very low. I don't remember exactly when we noticed it, but it was very large and very low. It was about the size of 2 or 3 large houses put together and probably about 5 or 6 stories above the ground. It made little or no noise, and was moving very slowly. It had a triangular pattern of small white lights spaced fairly far apart. Each light was about the size of a regular bulb from that distance away. There were about three on each side. In between the lights it was blacked out so I think it was only one entity.  	I remember my friend staying outside while I ran inside to get my dad. When we came back out it was passing over our house. It was probably moving about 10-15 mph depending on how low it was, but it was moving very slowly. It reminded me of the shape of a Stealth Bomber, but it made no noise at all. We also do not have any nearby military airport bases near our house.  	I went back inside to get the video camera and when I came back outside it was almost gone. If I did get it on tape, we either didn't see anything afterwards and threw it away, or I simply didn't tape it at all. As I said, it was a while ago so I don't remember too much. I still don't know if anyone else saw it that night besides myself, my friend, and my dad.  	It did not leave a trail. There were no other aircraft following it. It was moving almost directly east to west and very slightly north to south. I hope this report helps, even though I couldn't give much exact detail. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.1526;-81.63
