Old sighting of 4 large oval-shaped crafts, very low in sky, witnessed by several people.;1993-06-30 00:00:00;30 minutes;Old sighting of 4 large oval shaped crafts, very low in sky, witnessed by several people. This is an old incident, but I've been thinking about it a lot lately.   When I was 13, my father was taking the trash out late at night, when he came back in yelling that I had to come out and see something. I went outside, looked up, and saw 4 extremely large objects hovering about 40 feet over the trees and houses on my street.  By that time, there were also several neighbors outside as well, watching and talking about what was going on. These objects were all oval shaped, huge, ringed by rectangular shaped white lights that blinked one after the other all the way around the crafts.  They were completely silent, and completely still.  These crafts were gray colored, smooth in appearance.  They were hovering over power lines, and stayed in place for 30-40 minutes. My neighbor called 911, and police arrived.  They stared up at the sky along with the rest of us.  The officer called more police to come and see it until there were about 3 police cars there.  They called the airports around us who said there was nothing flying over our area at the time, even though no aircraft looked like these things did. After some 30-40 minutes of silent hovering, these things just disappeared.  They didn't move, or fly away, they just disappeared.  We all stayed there for about another hour to see if they would come back, but they didn't. My neighbor recorded the whole incident on and old camcorder, but when the tape was later played, you could only hear what was going on, the screen was snow. The police said they filed a report, as this was standard practice when responding to any call.   To this day, my father and I still wonder what this was that we saw.  I would like to get the police reports, but I'm unsure of the exact date, since it was long ago, but the memory of seeing these UFOs will be forever burned into my mind. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date in 1993 is approximate.  PD));39.3974;-76.4495
