Electric Blue Half dome with possible alient encounter.;1978-07-01 00:00:00;5 minutes;Electric Blue Half dome with possible alient encounter. My son's interest in this phenomenon rekindled my memory of the incident (which was reported to UFORIC the day after the event). I was around 15 at the time.  My friends and I were camping out in my backyard which is adjacent to a golf course.  As I lay in the tent (my friends were hanging out in the front yard...Hey..I was tired), I noticed a bright electric blue light coming from the golf course area.  Opening the tent, I noticed an object resembling a half dome with a small protusion coming from the top of the dome.  It was oriented like a half moon in a verticle position rather than flat/horizonal.  There also appeared to be a base to the dome, cylindical in shape, attached to the flat side of the dome.  Its diameter was less than that of the dome and was, perhaps, a 1/16 of the overall size of the object (which I estimate was maybe 40-60 ft in diameter). The object moved from east to west over the fairway when I lost site of it at the far end o the fairway. A few minutes later, my friends joined me in the tent and I asked them if they saw it.  They hadn't as the were in the front yard and their view was obstructed (they also weren't paying attention). We all went to sleep. Around 02:00, I remember awakening to relieve myself.  As I climbed out of the tent, I noticed a faint blue glow from the west.  Then, the beam from my flashlight struck something no more than about 20 feet away.  Took me a second to realize I was staring at a person or being.  It stood about 5 feet tall and motionless about 20 feet away just on the other side of a small hedge.  Skin was grayish in color and the eyes were a burnt yellow color.  If it were clothed, it must have been close to the same color as the being. I stood staring at this being for maybe another 10 seconds absolutely stunned.  It then seemed to dive on the ground and I didn't see it get up again.  Thinking my friends were playing a joke, I went to check on them.  They were all asleep in their sleeping bags. I immediately awakened them, and we all got out of the tent, but we did not see the being again. In the morning, we went to see where the faint blue light was coming from.  Not far from my home, there is another golf course that also had an old abandoned iron quarry.  This quarry was, maybe 500 yards from my house.  In the grass of the old quarry, we found evidence that something had flattened the grass and weeds in the old quarry.  I don't recall seeing any indentations (like from landing gear), but the long grass had definitely been packed down in a circular shape. Back in my yard, we noticed something else as well.  Where I said that the being dove on the ground, there was a rough outline of a person in the grass...browned grass when the surrounding grass was green.  The grass was also packed down, slightly, as if something had been there. I told my father what I had seen and he called, I believe, UFORIC.  They dispatched an investigator who took my story, a few photographs of the area, and radiation measurements of where I said the being dove on the ground.  He also used some sort of visual dosimeter as well.  The investigator told us that there were elevated radiation levels in the area of question.  He did not go to where I believe was the landing site. After filing my report, I never heard from the investigator again and pretty much put the event out of my until recently when my oldest son took an interest in aliens and asked me if I ever saw one (or even a spaceship).  I'm not even sure UFORIC still exists. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.1134;-75.1898
