Strange sightings over north Mississippi;2008-06-05 00:30:00;45 minutes;Strange sightings over north Mississippi I was standing outside my back door, practically inside the door frame.  It was a very clear night, and I was just stargazing while I smoked a cigarette. I noticed a bright light streak across the sky directly above me.  My first thoughts of the white streak was it might be a missile.  But then I realized it had no sound, and only lasted at most, 2 seconds.  The missile thoughts came to mind because over the past year, and more so in recent months, we have had numerous fly overs at EXTREMELY low altitudes of fighter jets, blackhawk helicopters, and cargo planes.  I actually have a photo of a fighter jet flying over, and as recently as June 1st, a formation fly over occured.  I ran inside and got my 12 year old brother, hoping maybe he could catch a glimpse of something to prove I wasn't going crazy at 23 years old!  Of course, my younger brother mocked me because of what I had seen.  Within 20 minutes of being outside again, we both saw a streak of light go across the sky.  From our vantage point, it moved east to west.  It was green in color, and seemed to skip over parts of the sky, as if it disappeared and reappeared right in front of us!  It covered a large distance in a matter of 6 seconds, at most.  My brother was amazed. We decided to stay outside and try to see even more.  Ten minutes went by, and then we both noticed another streak go overhead.  It was white in color and gone within a second.  We both rushed inside and were a little shaken by the sights we had seen. I coaxed my girlfriend outside late June 7th because she thought I was going insane.  It was a clear night once again.  We watched the stars slowly appear as the sun went down.  We noticed the moon to the west and saw saturn and venus closely next to the moon.  As we panned across the sky, going west to east we noticed what we thought was a star... Moving!  We could barely see it, but could easily see the movement.  It moved very subtle, very slow, and within about 6 seconds it was completely gone. Last night, June 10th, I decided to go outside and sit on our back porch.  It was around 1:15 a.m.  I noticed the green streak again!  It appeared to be moving towards the ground, in intervals like the previous sightings.  It was farther east, in the direction of Holly Springs, MS.  I went back inside, and that's where I stayed. I've gotten curious whether or not anyone else around the Memphis, TN area or northwest Mississippi area has seen the things I have witnessed within the last week or so. One more note: The green streaks I saw also seemed to change towards a blue then an orange.;34.9441;-89.8544000000001
Flashing light point covers 60째 arc of sky on cloudless night in fewer than three seconds.;2014-05-20 22:30:00;3 seconds;Flashing light point covers 60째 arc of sky on cloudless night in fewer than three seconds. At approximately 22:30 on 5/20/14 I was sitting on my patio facing south looking at a cloudless, star-lit sky.   A flashing light zipped overhead from south to north.  It appeared over a neighbor's rooftop roughly 30째 above the horizon.  It disappeared directly over my own rooftop at 90째 in fewer than three seconds.   I could have easily mistaken it for a meteor except it was blinking.  It had no time to blink more than two to three times, and had I not been facing in the right direction at the moment it happened, the event would have taken place too quickly to have been even noticed.   Whether it was within or outside the earth's atmosphere, it was traveling at a breathtaking rate of speed.;34.9441;-89.8544000000001
