clusters of low-flying white lights moving rapidly in formation, silent.;2004-11-18 18:00:00;at least 20 minutes;clusters of low-flying white lights moving rapidly in formation, silent. I was driving home and came to the top of my driveway.  I stopped to get the mail and noticed lights in the sky above.  There were four separate round lights in sort of a circle formation. They were sort of low (below the clouds and well below an airplane that was passing very high in the sky at that time.  They moved counterclockwise incredibly fast and then moved in, toward each other and then away-almost like a dosedo in a square-dance. There was no sound. I then noticed another set of lights over my neighbors house about one hundred and fifty feet away.  Those four lights were doing exactly the same thing.  I thought it must be some reflection of some gizmo on the ground.  But I live on 11 acres.  My neighbor has ten acres.  My neighbor on the other side has 55 acres.  And behind us in a 30 acre preserve.  I could see nothing that would be causing this phenomenon. I began to drive down my road-which is a private road about two-tenths of a mile in distance to my house.  I noticed the left set of lights seemed to be following right above my car. I was in a panic and quickly turned around and sped back to the top of the driveway.  I tried to dial the police on my cell phone but I was not able to get it to work.  My cell phone always works at my property.  I used to have AT&T wireless and switched to Verizon because it always works where I live.  In fact, before I had stopped to get the mail, I had just been on the cell phone.  I didn't know what else to do, so I went to my neighbor who also had those lights above her house, but whose driveway was much closer to the main road.  I skeed her to come outside and asked her if she knew what those lights could be.  She was freaked out and in disbelief.  I want you to know that my neighbor and I are both lawyers, and neither of us are prone to believing anything other than hard evidence.  We chatted for awhile both agreeing that there was nothing we could think of that could explain what we were seeing.  I joked that if I get beamed up, she would at least be able to explain my disappearance to my husband.  I finally got up the nerve to race down my driveway and into my garage, and I thought, that was the end of that.  I have absolutely no knowledge or experience with UFO's.  But the next day, my cell phone would not work..anywhere.  I finally removed the battery and waited an hour.  When I replaced it, the phone worked.  As I thought more about it, I decided to check the internet to see if anyone else had reported seeing the lights.  I was chilled to read some similar accounts of fast dancing white lights in formation, though not at the same time or place.;40.7787;-74.6003
