Saw a teardrop craft moving fast, trail of bird followed.;2012-01-28 17:00:00;10 seconds;Saw a teardrop craft moving fast, trail of bird followed. It was around 4:10 in the afternoon when myself, my friends father, my friend, and his girlfriend went outside of the house in the backyard to shoot rifle.  The front of the house faces a road with a cornfield on the opposite side, the rear of the house is also surrounded by corn fields.  The area we were in has a clear view of the north, east, south, and south western horizons. We began to shoot rifle for about 45-50 minutes outside.  My friends father was focused on attempting a long shot on his rifle, so he was looking through the scope of the rifle and not paying much attention to the surroundings. I was sitting there with my friend and his girlfriend when all of the sudden my friend stands up and yells Oh, my God! in a very surprised and shocked tone.  I looked over to where he was looking and instantly saw to what he was referring to.  His girlfriend did as well.  My friends father was focused on his shooting and didn't notice what we were fussing about to look in time at what we saw. What we saw was a large looking teardrop shaped craft.  It has an eerie light neon green color to it.  At the time we saw it the sun was just about to set with plenty of clear daylight still present.  The craft moved at astounding speeds.  It started on the south-western horizon and moved along that horizon at roughly 1.5 miles away from us.  We saw it for about 10 seconds and it was the fastest moving flying object I have seen.  The UFO made no sound. I got a good perspective of its speed because after we saw it fly then dissapear from view, we saw an aircraft passanger plane flying and it was move substantially slower than the UFO, I would say 1/100th of the speed that the UFO was. The weirdest thing out of the whole situation was that after the spacecraft disappeared, we saw a huge line of various types of birds flying in the same flight path.  I identified the birds, being an avid waterfowl hunter and outdoorsmen, as seagulls, Canadian geese, snow geese, and black birds.;39.9374;-76.3541
