UFO sighting Prescott Arizona;2009-09-23 02:00:00;1:30 hours;UFO sighting Prescott Arizona While at the look out in Prescott Arizona, a popular view in the Prescott National Forest, my girlfriend and I witnessed a rather odd occurence. There is a vast expanse of hills in front of the look out for miles, on the top near the ride appeared at what first seemed to be a bonfire, a very orange glow. After a couple of minutes this fire flared up immensely huge, larger than the sillouhette of a house at night. It was quite blinding to be honest. My girlfriend and I immediately convened that this was indeed paranormal at best. After a short spell of being very bright, the light died down and eventually extinguished. Within the next few minutes, another what seemed to be bonfire lit up down the mountain, what would have definitely been miles and impossible for any group of people to travel on foot in that amount of time. The fire grew and grew until it was again blinding, dying down but not extinguishing, and becoming blinding again before extinguishing ful! ly. Within the next 5 or so minutes, another bonfire lit up only this time very far left on the mountain, miles from where the second and first bonfires appeared. This one seemed to join up with another light that was already present on the hill and became extremely bright. Both lights extinguished to our astonishment. Over the course of the next hour in the immediate vecinity of the conjunction of the last two lights, the blinding light came back atleast 2 more times, the last being the very brightest and extremely blinding, this last blinding light existing for a couple of minutes whilst the others only were blinding for mere seconds. The light then extinguished permanently. After twenty minutes of not reapearing, my girlfriend and I were thoroughly freaked out and drove home. Also it is important to mention that there was no mentionable smoke emitting from the bonfire, and even though this is a season of prescribed burns in the Prescott area, they do not go through wit! h burns at night. Another important fact being that the fires!  appear ed relatively very quickly after each extinguished miles from eachother,far too quickly to walk or even drive and light another blinding fire...;34.5679554455445;-112.429568811881
Standing on my balcony, me and my fiancé noticed a bunch of faint lights flickering in a group, they moved slowly shining 5 lights then;2013-10-22 19:15:00;4 minutes;Standing on my balcony, me and my fiancé noticed a bunch of faint lights flickering in a group, they moved slowly shining 5 lights then 7-9 then back and forth.   These lights were not real bright but moved across the sky until they went passed the mountain and we couldn't see them anymore.   There was no sound, it was silent and creepy!   Only thing heard at this time were a couple dogs making noise, howling. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.5679554455445;-112.429568811881
