rectangular object and sound of object.;1994-04-15 23:00:00;3 minutes;rectangular object and sound of object. Unsure of the date but could figure it out if important. My Step dauhger was 16 and was it the Saturday before Easter. We were camped at Lynx Lake, near Prescott Az camped south of the lake in a wide spot about 50 yards south of the dam.  It was VERY cold. (The cold is my primary memory of this night). I had two teenagers, one preteen, one todler two adults and one tent. About 2300 I was trying to rearrainge the beding to provide some relief from the cold. Went to my pickup for a ground tarp. My ex-wife had abandoned the tent and was sleeping in the cab of the pickup with the engine running and the heater on. The kids were all with me in the tent. As I recall, the pickup engine stoped for several minutes Tina woke up and nearly wore out the starter trying to get it going again. Vehicle was 1969 GMC 1/2 ton (with several dozen USMC sticker on it). I heard a sound that I initially thought sounded like a water fall. Looking up, I saw a large object that I initially thought was 4 military helicopters flying in a formation. I did not see any red or green lights, only white ones. I then noticed that the stars behind the paralagram formed by the four lighted helos were occulted.  The sound was not the typical (womp womp womp) made by military helos (I spent 2 years in the Marine Corps and 6 years in the Navy, I know what helos sound like.)  It sounded more like a waterfall, using a bass voice. The object(s) were traveling slowly west to east. Their speed was about the same as a flight of helo as seen from the ground. It is difficult to guess the altitude, however I have seen military helos overhead many times. The altifude of this object(s) was similar. The shape was not square, or prehaps square seen from an odd angle. Assuming a 3 to 2 ratio of the object, (3 lenght and 2 width) the northern leading light was 1.5 units farther east than the leading southern light. At the time I assumed that it was military aircraft with a net or something strung between them, but I remember the sound. It was not a normal helo sound. I am fileing this report because I was surfing around the internet, caught an archive Laura Lee Show where Mr. Davenport specifically requested reports of any age. Specific answers to you last block of questions .. You may contact me if you think it is necessary. Home phone 209-((number deleted)). This is also my data number so call me at work or email me 1st choice. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.5679554455445;-112.429568811881
