I was driving down East Glenn Dr. towards Faithion P. Lucas and noticed a very large round silver white object.  At first I quickly tho;1995-05-20 22:00:00;Approx. 1 Min;I was driving down East Glenn Dr. towards Faithion P. Lucas and noticed a very large round silver white object.  At first I quickly thought the moon was EXTREMLY close to the earth.  Then I realized it was not the moon.  The object seemed to glow but did not put out any light.  I kept looking around for someone else and no one was around, anywhere.  It was a very calm night.  As I approached Faithion P. Lucas and turned right I was head to head with the object.  I was afarid so I stopped my car.  I didn't want to go past the object.  I didn't move at all.  The object was very large approx. 5 yards across and perfectly round.  It was about 5 yards off the ground. I was about 15 yards away from the object so I got a VERY close look at the sphere.  Suddenly, the object took off in an upward arch south and disappeared into space without making a sound.  It moved at the speed of light!  I was stunned. I mentioned this incident to a few co-workers and one told me a local news channel had several calls concerning a UFO in the Mesquite area and reported it was a (I love this part) weather balloon.  Last time I checked weather balloons did not move at the speed of light!! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));32.778124033438;-96.6097817136879
Close call for aircraft on approach into Dallas.;2008-08-21 23:50:00;7 minutes;Close call for aircraft on approach into Dallas. I witnessed one of the strangest things I have ever seen in the sky on Aug.21 at 11:50 Pm. I consider myself to be an experienced aircraft spotter having been involved with aviation for close to fifteen years. On the night in question, I was sitting on my back porch, it faces southeast, I sit out there at night sometimes and watch air traffic line up coming from the south with their landing lights fully on, flying north in direction. These are usually flights that are going to be landing into Dallas Love Field, in this instance there was what looked to be two aircraft in line probably about five to six miles in trail, the strange thing about it all, was the aircraft bringing up the rear was closing the distance way faster than it should have been, so I turned my attention to the lead aircraft or what I thought was an aircraft. This was a very unusual light, I couldn’t tell at first but as it got closer I could tell this object was not an aircraft and they were not landing lights, it was the shape of an orb or sphere and orange in color, there is a navigational aid or VOR station that aircraft on this route use, its about three miles south of my home. Once an aircraft intercepts this station they turn northwest, the object in question seemed to stop in midair in the area of this turn point, it appeared the trailing aircraft had to make an early turn to avoid the object, once the trailing aircraft was parallel with object, the object just disappeared right in front of my eyes. I’ve seen some strange things in skies over the years that can’t explain, but this one tops them all.;32.778124033438;-96.6097817136879
