Unexplained lights in the woods by Quabbin Reservoir;2011-11-01 00:00:00;~3 minutes;Unexplained lights in the woods by Quabbin Reservoir Ill first state that what I saw was not a craft, but lights beaming through the woods Route 9 by Quabbin Reservoir.  It was a little after 12 midnight and I was driving home from a friend’s house.   My friend was fast asleep in the passenger seat and I was about 10 minutes away from being in the downtown area of Belchertown where I lived.  We were driving along, I had the radio on listening to some music and I was still very much awake, even after a long day.   All of a sudden, on the passenger side of my car, the woods light up like a football stadium.  The light was a bright harsh light beaming through the trees in all direction, but not above the tree tops.  The next thing I know my car went dead.   All the lights in the dashboard, headlights, radio, GPS, engine everything.  It almost seemed like my car had a catastrophic failure.  My friend abruptly woke up and asked “What ((deleted)) just happened?”  I said I don’t know man there’s something going on in the woods.  I thought it was the military or something at first but it all seemed like something out of a Sci-Fi movie.   I was travelling the speed limit, which I do believe is 50 MPH on that stretch of road.  I quickly thought to slam on my breaks, as I couldn’t see a thing.   I coasted for maybe another 45 seconds to a minute down the road. As I was coasting, my car all of a sudden came back to life. Still coasting, still in gear (I never touched the ignition or put it in neutral) my engine came back to life, headlights and everything. When I looked at my dashboard clock, it had reset itself, as did my GPS.  I reached my house a few minutes later and my friend got in his car and drove home. A few days later I contacted my friend and asked him what he had seen and he bluntly stated “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Which brings me to why I’m posting a year later… I brought the incident up a week ago, and he told me exactly what I had seen. He was skeptical to admit the situation a y! ear ago, and finally decided “it wasn’t all in our heads.” I’v! e always believed in the extraterrestrial, and now he does too… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));42.2735;-72.407
