Two bright stars, not aircraft, move in unison, fade and vanish within 5 minutes at same time.;2008-07-05 22:30:00;5 minutes;Two bright stars, not aircraft, move in unison, fade and vanish within 5 minutes at same time. Wife and I were outside at a concert - sober.  I had been star gazing and taking it all in and noticed 2 stars brighter then the brightest star on the clear night just above the trees.  We were facing West.    Hmmmm they were not there before ???    If you take a / one star at each tip perhaps one inch apart if you had a ruler at arms length.  I pointed to them and my wife acknowledged them with ooo's and ahh's.  I looked back at the band and perhaps a minute later looked back at them.  They were still in the same area but only 3/4s as bright.  I thought this odd and again pointed to them.  Then as we were both looking at them we commented There moving and fading  The movement seemed UP but again - using a ruler they probably moved 4 inches until the stars grew slammer and dimmer.  My first thought was ISS with the Shuttle near by????   It was as bright as a month ago with ISS/Shuttle attached flew over.  I was sure it must be that.  We both have lived around airports all of our lives, we both agree there is no way they were aircraft.    The gap remained constant between the stars has they faded and shrank.  Yet - upon investigation there were no satellites in the sky that night near us.  There were no tell tale colored lights from aircraft.  Perhaps F18 or F16 from Truax?  But we both do not think so.  Not afterburners as the color was white!  Not landing lights because the objects were coming towards us (west to east) and did not blink off.  Faded and dwindled in size while gap between remained exactly the same.;43.3335;-89.0347
large bright stationary light, red/green/white flashing -7 witnesses form diff. locations.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus in WSW sky??  PD));2010-08-04 20:50:00;30 minutes;large bright stationary light, red/green/white flashing - 7 witnesses form different locations Hovering/stationary  green/red/white flashing with a pattern- looked like low aircraft/helicopter but no noise, stationary for at least 1/2 hour. -3.3ish  Magnitude. large for the perceived distance.   Seven witnesses from around the town. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus in WSW sky??  PD));43.3335;-89.0347
