close encounter of the 5th kind (interaction with being from ufo);1984-06-15 19:00:00;1 hour +;close encounter of the 5th kind (interaction with being from ufo) this report is being submitted in response to the ufo sighting reported here for ely, minnesota, on 6/8/00, in the boundary waters canoe area. i also saw a similar ufo back in june of 1984. the location . i was on a canoe trip and it was about 7:00pm. i had just finished cleaning up after dinner and was getting ready to do some evening fishing from the shoreline. i had just reached the shore when i noticed a blue-ish object descending at about a 45deg angle from about a mile away. the speed was similar to a formula one racing car at speed (200+ mph) and the altitude when i first noticed it was maybe 1 mile. (i used to sky-dive, road-race cars and motorcycles, and pilot airplanes, so i am a good judge of speed and distance.) the object passed in front of me (over the lake) at a distance of maybe 100 yards and an altitude of maybe 200 feet. it wa slowing continually during the descent. there was no sound. when it was at its closest, i could see through the glow and the object was shaped similarly to a diamond in a woman's engagement ring. (round when viewed from the top near flat on top and expanding to a wider profile then tapering to a point in the side view) the color was varied from the blue of a royal crown cola can through to the color emitted by a blacklight. it disappeared behind the treeline maybe 100 yards down the shoreline. i stood there stunned for a couple of minutes and was getting ready to walk down the shoreline to see if i could see anything more when i noticed the movement of something coming through the woods. all i will say here about what happened over the next hour is that i communicated through telepathy (i didn't initiate the conversation and just had to think what i wanted to say.) with a blond-nordic. i did not go to the craft and didn't not see it except when it passed in front of me while descending and when it left. (it ascended in reverse of the way it descended.) there was no physical examination. i wa sober and was not tired. i am not subject to hallucinations. i have a measured i.q. that qualified me for membership in intertel. when i was in the military (1968-1971), i was a sergeant and worked as a fire distribution systems crewchief in aadcp's for nike-hercules missile defense syetems and had several ufo sightings on our radar systems both in the united states and korea. these were also seen by the members of my crews. my father and i also saw a cigar-shaped ufo over kansas in the summer of 1964 as we were flying one of the family planes from our home in iowa to the family ranch in oklahoma. my father also had a sighting in 1962 when he was driving from iowa to the family cabin in minnesota. he told me that he spotted something that landed in a field next to the road he was on. he said it was about 1/4 mile away from his car to the spot where it touched down. my father had a pilot's license from 1955 to when he passed away in 1973. he also built his own airplanes and was a groundcrew crewchief in the army air corps in morocco during the war. ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report.  PD));47.9009;-91.8562
We were camping in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area on Basswood Lake near Ely, Minnesota.  That particular evening we fished until 11:00p;2000-06-08 01:00:00;1 min;We were camping in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area on Basswood Lake near Ely, Minnesota.  That particular evening we fished until 11:00pm and returned to camp  to  build a fire.  My little brother had went to sleep in the tent while myself and our other couterpart went to the point to observe the stars.  We admired the scenery for a while when we noticed a star that appeared to be descending from the sky.  It was a blue diamond shaped object that seemed to be falling from the sky.  We became aprehensive when the object began to descent twoard us.  As the object became closer I was contemplating my escape, which would be impossible through the enourmous amout of dense forest and underbush however, my main concern was my little brother asleep in the tent 100 feet behind us.  We said if the object made it to the island 350 yards infront of us we were going to make a break for it.  All of a sudden the object make a complete 90 degree turn and headed directly north at a speed that I can not even estimate.  Immediately after we seen this phenomenon we decided to turn in for the night. To this day my counterpart and I still have the same exact recollection of that particular evening. I was wondering if any of the other campers on Basswood at that time had observed the same experience.  I know that the object flew direclty over another capsite on the adjourinig point beore heading north to Canada.  I am reluctant to submit my personal information for fear of riducule and to protect my professional reputatuion. This was second of my sighings while camping as a teenager near Clinton Lake, Lawrence Kansas in the late 80's a myself and a friend observed an object that would split into several smaller objects and would all of a sudden reapperar from all directions to form one object for a multi hour duration. ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report.));47.9009;-91.8562
