Sattelite objects moving at random across the sky , at speeds never seen before.;1992-04-13 01:00:00;roughly 1 min.;Sattelite objects moving at random across the sky , at speeds never seen before. Well it was seasons opener for fishing, a friend and myself were up along the Boundry Waters. It was a clear night you could see the stars great and we were laying on bedrock looking up at them. We talk of sattelite's something I had never seen or at least recognized. Later I saw what just seemed to me another star but all of a sudden it moved from north to the southern part of the sky so fast it was like a blink of an eye. Then it happen again only at an angle from which it had come from and then another did. At this time I tapped my friend and told him to look and pointed to were one had stoped and now three were moving at random moving across the sky so fast you could hardly keep up with them and then take off again in another direction. Sometimes in this movement across the sky they would make a right angle without hessitation, or delay. At this point I asked if he saw them also and he did, and about all he could say is that they did'nt move like any sattelite he had ever seen? What were they? We don't know, they resembled a star or sattelite, but moved so fast across such a distance and at random making angled manovers that I believe that it was'nt man made machinery. Nor were they falling stars those I have seen. Oh and I forgot all 3 moved off in a southern direction and just dissappered. ((NUFORC Note:  Approximate date.  PD));47.9009;-91.8562
Unusual light over the Boundry Waters;2000-06-07 21:30:00;3 minute;Unusual light over the Boundry Waters While on a solo wilderness camping trip in the Boundry Water Canoe Area west of Ely, Minnesota I was at the edge of Cummings Lake observing the clear night sky.  I saw a few satellites and a couple of meteors among the stars.   I then saw a dim red light above the trees some distance away.  The light was small, steady, a deep cardinal red, moving slowly in a horizontal fashion over the big lake.   The light quickly rose in altitude and began a ballet of arcing turns and curved trajectories, appearing to approach closer then retreat farther away.  The speed varied from almost static to a blur.  I noticed the light being reflected on the lakes surface at one point.  The only sounds were those of frogs, toads, loons and birds.  The light might have been a large object some distance away, or a smaller object relatively close to me...it was difficult to tell because it never flew below the tree line to provide a scale of size or proximity.  The show lasted about three minutes.   I related my observation to a party of other campers a few days later who were exiting from the north.  They too stated that they had seen the unusual red light.   Aircraft are prohibited from overflying this large wilderness area. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));47.9009;-91.8562
While canoeing at 3:30 AM we saw a blinking light in the sky similar to that of an aircraft. Suddenly it lit up & sped away;2001-08-21 04:00:00;a minute or or two;While canoeing at 3:30 AM we saw a blinking light in the sky similar to that of an aircraft. Suddenly it lit up & sped away 9 people. 3 canoes. I was in a canoe with two others. We saw everything. The other canoers saw nothing. Strange... We were on a summer canoe trip in the Boundary Water Wilderness Area of Northern Minnesota. We got up around 3 am that day to paddle in the moonlight. We left at 3:30 AM. About half an hour in, I and my two canoe mates (3 to a canoe) saw something in the north sky. Actually it started being visible (or maybe we just saw it for the first time) when it was very close the the big dipper. It was a blinking light in the sky. Moving at a steady pace for the first few moments. For the 1st few moments we just brushed it off as an airplane (it looked alot like an airplane would at night) but it was kind of strange--Since when do airplanes fly over Ely, Minnesota? It is the middle of nowhere! OK, maybe we could pass this off as an aiplane taking an alternate route to get to San Fransisco or somewhere. But this was before the spectactle that turned my friend into a believer in UFO's and the like. The whole sighting lasted oh no more than 2 minutes and it looked just like a plane going thru the sky for about a minute of the two, blinking and moving steadily. But then all of a sudden it lit up (it stopped blinking and got visibly brighter), and then went extremely fast and went out of sight. We were all awestruck;47.9009;-91.8562
Bright lights over 40,000 feet high stationary/hovering with occassional erratic movement, not star, plane, or satelite.;2012-10-13 23:00:00;current;Bright lights over 40,000 feet high stationary/hovering with occassional erratic movement, not star, plane, or satelite. I was sitting on my porch when a bright &quotstar&quot caught the corner of my eye. The light was cast between the branches of a Red Pine, and I couldn't help but to stare at it. The rays coming off the light made it look like a snowflake I first counted 7 rays beaming from it but as I continued to stare I was able to count 12.  I was fascinated alone with its brightness, but then it dissapeared so I thought. I moved my head and was able to see it again from my new vantage point, and that's when it hit me... stars don't move. So I moved to the middle of my yard for a better view through the clear moonless sky, and I noticed there were more lights with the others much more distant.  As I gazed at the lights I could see they were subtly moving side to side, up and down and in small circles.  Usually the movements were slow which caused me to second guess whether or not they were actually moving but then the larger closer light moved erratically to the right and then up, before back down and left to its starting point.  I called my fiance to come outside and she saw it move as well, but wasn't as convinced as I was. I called a friend up and he couldn't see it from his place so he drove to my house and we watched it for a good 5-10 minutes before it made a large movement like previously described. He freaked out and drove home, this isn't anything either of us would have dreamed we would witness.  We were both hesitant to call it what we both thought it was, a ufo, but now I am convinced. There were also several &quotshooting stars&quot near these lights throughout the course of observation. I took video footage, but I don't know how well it is going to turn out with the simple quality of my camera. The lights were directly east of my position at 47°54&#82428&#8243N 91°51&#824221&#8243W;47.9009;-91.8562
