Three large bright lights hovering for 2-3 minutes.;2016-10-01 20:48:00;3 minutes;Three large bright lights hovering for 2-3 minutes. At 20:48 hours on 10/01/2016 I was standing on my deck (Southern Exposure) overlooking Silver Lake.  I witnessed a craft of unknown origin while waiting for my Daughter and Granddaughter.  We were going to pick up my Wife from work in Brewer.  I was looking to the east and was watching what I thought was an airplane in its flight path for Bangor International Airport, while I waited outside.  It was not emitting any noise. At that point, I noticed the perspective of the lights had not changed I stared a little closer studying them for any changes.  It was hovering at approximately 300 to 500 feet (estimated) in altitude.  It appeared to be static for approximately two minutes with three very bright and large lights, all side by side. I called to my daughter to come outside to make sure that I had seen what was going on in front of me.  At that point in an arc the craft ascended slowly to the north and west and had changed configuration.  The lights grew wider apart and then after the maneuver leveling off at what appeared angels 7 and proceeded in a north-northwesterly direction.  Based on my intimate knowledge of the area I estimated the craft to be 5 miles away from the point where I was standing.  These large bright lights reflected on the lake even though the object was not over the lake but in fact was a couple miles beyond it. Initially the lights were close together almost touching, and then spread apart, then returning together.  In perspective the lights were two (side view) with one red light. We did not have a camera or cell phone handy to take pictures, but were mesmerized by the action(s) of this craft of unknown origin.  It took approximately 60 seconds for the craft to traverse the distance behind the horizon.  My daughter and I conquered that we had seen the same thing(s) and wrote down all of the information.  We also drew diagrams of what we had seen. Diagram 1:  green is tree line, yellow are lights. Diagram 2:  green trees, yellow are lights in progression from static at lowest position to uppermost leveling off.;44.6029;-68.7782000000001
