04/01 Below London Ontario Flattened Egg 10 feet of ploughed feild paseing my Van  11/01;2001-04-24 08:00:00;5 min;04/01 Below London Ontario Flattened Egg 10 feet of ploughed feild paseing my Van  11/01 Below is my E Mail to Bud Hopkins a few months back. Dear Bud   I am a marine field service eng.  In the spring of 2001 I was driving to a service call from St. Catharines were I live on the St. Lawrence Seaway {Welland Canal} to Goderich on the shores of Lake Huron.  While traveling I received a phone call that the ship a salt carrier would be delayed so I decided to cut a cross county as it was a beautiful early morning, slight to moderate mist, sun breaking through and the leaves just starting to break out on the trees.  I was well below London Ontario traveling along a gravel road. On my right was a hedgerow, with a plowed field after and on my left broken woods. As I looked through the hedgerow into the plowed field I saw what seemed to be a flattened white egg about the size of my Aireostar van about ten feet off the ground.It was pacing me in an undulating motion and slowly traveling as well as forward laterally across the field toward me. As I looked at it I thought I saw Identifying marks as a small number near the rear but as it got closer I realized what I took for a number was actually black dirt mixed with water that had followed the contour of egg with the 40 mile an hour breeze as that was my speed. As it came closer it rose above the hedgerow and was on my blind corner at the right rear but I could see it if I bent my head low and looked out my side window. There was no noise only that of my van and what seemed to be rushing air.  The next thing I remember is still traveling down this mud gravel road but whatever this was had passed me and was rising over the hedgerow at the end of the field still a good quarter mile away. How did it get ahead of me without me remembering it pass me.I continued to my service call and repaired the ships radar returning home late that night.  I don't know what I saw but I can still see it in my minds eye. It was heading in the direction of London airport. This was what consoled me somewhat. I really have had no other problems but cant account how this got so far ahead of me as what I took to be so suddenly. I have only told my wife and my Dad now 84. I cant explain what I saw but felt I had to tell someone.  Everyone in the Canadian Great Lakes Shipping industry knows me as I have been installing and servicing marine navigation electronics and steering systems for 35 years, I didn't want to tarnish my image by mentioning this. Now I am retired I don't care..  What I saw did not fit my understanding of air dynamics,. no propeller, no wings. no identifying markings and no noise.  My very best regard Bud  ((name and address deleted)) St. Catharines Ontario 905 ((number deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.9865618404908;-81.2493537423313
Huge, with red, orange, green, yellow, and white flashing lights and produced a very, very loud humming noise and was light hazel color;2014-09-06 22:04:00;45 seconds;Huge, with red, orange, green, yellow, and white flashing lights, and produced a very, very loud humming noise and was light hazel color The two of us were standing outside, admiring constellations, we first heard the noise, and both looked in the direction of the egg shaped flying object.   The craft consisted of red, orange, green, white, and light yellow flashing lights.   There was a very loud noise coming from the unidentified flying object, so loud that when we ran inside to tell someone they said they had also heard a loud noise from outside.   The object was flying very low to the ground, so low, we could not consider it to be a plane or even a helicopter.  The sound, was a very loud humming, close to the sound of a bee, if bee's where bigger then a two story house.  So yes, I am implying that it was bigger then a large house.  It flew barely above the tree line, if it flew any lower it would have started to hit the top of the tree's.   It came from the north-east direction, and left our range of vision in the south-east direction.   We would be happy to answer any questions that need to be answered.;42.9865618404908;-81.2493537423313
