UFO Air Show?;1997-06-30 20:22:00;1 Hour;UFO Air Show? When I was in my twenties. A friend of mine and myself often went to Demera Rd. in Port Perry, Also called the Old Missassaga Trail or Ghost Road. During one of these outings in the summer, the road was full of people and cars. All the usual teens and young adults out for a night of fun. We were all having a good time, and no neither of us was drinking or using drugs  What caught our attention were many (20-40) small white lights zipping across the sky. I pointed them out to people, but by that time they had formed into a line close to the horizon. When they did this they sure had everyones attention. For the space of over an hour they flew around, almost seeming to do acrobatics, changed colours (White, Blue, Red) and generally showed off. After about 1hr. of this, they once again formed into a straight line near the horizon. Then to everyones amazement. They flashed red, white, red. and disappeared. Now I know the sounds like an outright hoax. But I swear it's true. It was not one craft but multiple crafts indepedant of each other. And there movements were beyond any aircraft or man made device. What struck me was the number, the time they stayed, and the strange colour pattern at the end similar to a Canadian flag. Still to this day it amazes me. (NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD))   ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) Thanks for your reply Peter, and I apologize for not giving a specific date or coroberation.  I am however quite serious and no this is not an attempt at a hoax.  Like yourself I have a deep intrest in UFO's and there proper scinetific study.  So I would not peretrate a hoax.   So in response I would say it would have been in mid june-early july around 1997-1998.  I am working on contacting others who were with me that night to coroberate what was seen.   There is more to this story, but until I can cooberate the story, and change your view of this being a possible hoax.  I will keep that to myself.   I will work hard to get you more reports on the sighting and look forward to talking with you again.  I do understand your relucatance to believe me.  And I bear you no ill will because of it.    Thanks again, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));44.1099;-78.9412
MANY LIGHTS;1998-06-15 01:00:00;2hrs;MANY LIGHTS Many people including myself and a personal freind watched for hours on what is know as Ghost Road In the township of Port Perry Ontario Canada, MANY object ranging in colour put on an utterly amazing lightshow and arobatics display for over an hour until the sound of jet engines rumbled in the distance, suddenly the lights all went out and 2 CF-18 (Canadian Variants of the F/A-18 Hornet) Were seen in Full Afterburner streaking across the night sky in the dirrection the lights had been present. My freinds and myself have had MANY sightings and happenes on this road.;44.1099;-78.9412
Very Low Bright Intense White Light Triangle Shape.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible star or planet??  PD));2018-12-30 05:00:00;45 minutes;Very Low Bright Intense White Light Triangle Shape On December 30, 2018, I came outside Blue Heron Casino after 5:00 am Surprisingly seeing two - three inches of snow Told my wife and Sister to follow in five minutes I walked about 100 yards in the parking lot to the car Noticed it was now a clear night sky Looking east could see the moon and something else Directly facing east at about 5 degrees south Could see a very bright white light It looked quite low a guess about one thousand feet or more ?  Standing in front of my car staring at it It appeared not to move yet much more brighter than the moon This bright light intensity appeared on and off As well looked triangular or cone shape Pointing it's length towards the south After a minute or two started my car Than started to remove the snow off the car After some minutes got into the car My wife and her Sister then arrived to get in the car The car was facing east So I had to point out this low bright white light to my wife She then replied -white light on a tower , a drone, and then a helicopter ? I then pulled out heading down the road southward While I was driving looked at it on and off wondering   rned west and then turn south again still seeing it  As if it was following southward with us Coming closer into Oshawa looked for it - over half hour later Could only now see a much higher star with much less light In fact more round like a star My reasoning and hope to reporting this to you Would be interesting if any other persons had seen this light spectacle * If this was a early morning Venus sighting It would be a first for me in wonder As well could kick myself not using my phone to capture a image Thanks for your time;44.1099;-78.9412
