Two black silhouette craft viewed over Lake Scugog, Port Perry by 2 witnesses.;2014-05-25 23:30:00;10 seconds;Two black silhouette craft viewed over Lake Scugog, Port Perry by 2 witnesses On Sunday May 25th, 2014 two unidentified flying objects were seen flying overhead of my friend and I in Port Perry, Ontario, Canada.  This was at or around 23:30 hours local time (daylight savings time).   The weather was clear skies (there had been some cloud cover approximately 30 minutes before) and the stars were plainly visible. The shape of these craft could easily be described as “chevron” shaped however I chose to identify them as “other” on your form because there were nearly rectangular.  I’d best guess if you drew a line through the middle of the chevron it would be no more than 10 to 15 degrees swept back. They were pure black in colour.  Likely a matte finish as I saw no shine or gleam on them.  The thing that made us notice them is they had 4 or 6 very, very faint red lights glowing on the bottom each craft.  They were extremely faint and almost unnoticeable.  There were no aviation lights of any kind (red, green or white) blinking or solid (other than the very faint red glow under each craft). These two objects were observed by us while we were standing next to our car in the parking lot of the Joe Fowler Memorial Park.  Lake Scugog is approximately 40 feet from the parking lot to the east.  Use Google Maps to help visualize this if needed.  The Park is on Water Street in Port Perry just north of Hwy 7a (Scugog St). There were two crafts.  I will identify them as Craft 1 (closest to us) and Craft 2 (further from us).  Both craft were heading a course of nearly due north (north north east) at an estimated altitude of 60 to 80 feet.   Both appeared to be identical in size and shape however I cannot swear to that.  Their dimensions would be approximately from “wing tip to wing tip” 30 feet.  The width of the “wing” would be approximately 3 to 4 feet.  The height I don’t know.  I didn’t notice anything note worthy about them and they blended in so well with the night sky.    All you could see was a silhouette and extremely faint red glowing lights under the wings.  Their speed I would estimate at 30 miles per hour.  There was NO noise at all and there was no wind at all this evening either.  So they were in fact dead silent.  Not even wind noise that one would expect something that large moving through the air at that speed would make.   They were not air propelled craft (jet, electric or prop)! as at this close a distant no matter how well engineered there would be some noise made by air disturbance causing a craft of that size to go that speed. We were standing beside the car facing Lake Scugog looking up at the night sky.  Craft 1 was spotted first and then approximately 3 to 4 seconds later we noticed Craft 2 slightly behind.   At this point Craft 2 appeared to be following directly behind Craft 1 (about 200 yards) but took a slight course change to the east (Craft 2 did) by approximately 50 yards.  It did so at about a 45 degree angle.  It travelled for 100 yards or so after the course correction it took then sped up and caught up to Craft 1 and trailed directly behind it (approximately 10 yards behind Craft 1).   Again it closed the gap with no noise or sound and I’m guessing its speed would have been a short burst about 100 miles per hour.  It did this in 1 second or less (so it seemed as I obviously wasn’t timing it).  However it would be accurate to say it did it “immediately”.  Again there was no sound.  Not even a faint “swoosh” of disturbed air. The crafts continued heading north at approximately 30 miles per hour until they were out of sight.  From first sight until we lost sight I would guess this event was 10 seconds or less.  It’s so hard to say for sure but it wasn’t +/- 3 seconds of the estimated duration for sure. I wish we had photographic or video evidence but we don’t.  And even if we had a camera and the presence of mind to use it there would be just no way they would have been visible in the picture.  The human eye was strained to notice the very slight difference in contrast between the sky and the crafts.  Again if it wasn’t for the odd faint red glow we never would have seen them. I’m lousy at drawing pictures but if you’d like a rendition of what I saw I would be more than happy to draw it, scan it, and email it to you.  It’s not physical evidence but circumstantial may be better than nothing. Before I forget I would hazard a guess that these crafts were unmanned just due to the small size of it.  I couldn't notice how thick the wings were but I do know for sure if they were thick enough to hold something human sized I would have certainly seen that on the silhouette.  So because I didn’t notice it I’d guess 1 foot give or take a couple inches. I have checked I would like to be contacted by an investigator however without any physical evidence I feel it may be pointless unless there were others reporting similar activity in the area recently.  Email is the best way to contact me.;44.1099;-78.9412
