Large Bright Object, intially stationary, moves quickly across large area of sky, dropping balls of light, accelerates into space.;2005-09-07 02:00:00;30 seconds;Large Bright Object, intially stationary, moves quickly across large area of sky, dropping balls of light, accelerates into space. I am an ex military jet pilot. (USMC) 42 years old.  (I add this detail as my qualification for this posting)  My wife woke me at 2 am to show me a  Bright Object in the sky above our cabin in the Big Sur Wilderness.  The sky in that area is dark and has the advantage of having no city lights to throw a viewer.  The night was extremely clear with no smoke or haze or moonlight.  The Bright Object was steady and appeared to be an orange colored Star.  Larger than other stars in the sky.  First we saw what appeared to be a shooting star drop down, right next to the Bright Object. The shooting star did not come from the object but was near it.  Suddenly the Bright Object dropped what appeared to be a bright plasma ball similar from our vantage point to what one would normally term a shooting star.  At that moment the Bright Object  suddenly began to move from East to West and had the shape of a diamond, but it appeared as if the entire Object was on fire.  Like a space shuttle on fire.  As it moved, it dropped two more Plasma balls or Shooting stars and simultaneously, it left a large Smoke trail, which did not have the consistancy of smoke, but more like the trail of a comet.  Then, in a flash it seemed to accelerate out of our atmosphere and disappeared, leaving the Smoke trail which lasted for another 20 minutes in the star filled sky.  The important part of the sighting is that the Bright Object first appeared STATIONARY and only after dropping the first of several Shooting stars or Plasma Balls did it begin to move across the night sky from East to West.  No noise could be heard during the entire event.  As an ex military jet pilot, I know of no technology that would allow a craft or even a meteor to behave in this way.;36.2497;-121.7013
