Bright moving light in Athens, NY;2008-08-25 22:30:00;1 hour;Bright moving light in Athens, NY On her ride home from Coxsackie, NY my sister noticed something odd above her in the sky. She followed  the bright light down the road and then said it followed her, she frantically called me at 10:30pm to tell me about this. I did not believe it, she was just crazy, it was probably an airplane. So when she got home, my brother, his girlfriend, my sister, and I went outside to see this “UFO”. We all quickly realized that my sister was right, so we decided to take my brothers girlfriend home to Coxsackie. As we drove along I took out my phone and started to record it, that is until it stopped appearing on my phone, but was still in the sky, visible to the eye. We took pictures with my sisters camera and we watched it as we went to Coxsackie. When we got to Coxsackie however, going through the pictures on the camera we realized it was no longer visible when it was clear that it was visible at the time the pictures were taken. After dropping my brothers girlfriend off, we pulled out of her drive way and I noticed a light going down and sideways to the right, after flipping out my sister said she saw it too, we sat there dazed. Suddenly we saw two more, less bright, “ball” looking like things come from this other thing. Which the light was extremely bright and white and it was going bigger and smaller, when it got small enough and not as bright you could see the shape, more like a cresant. I thought I had recorded this on my phone but it stopped recording before we saw four more of these “lights” getting dimmer and brighter. It had looked like in “War of the Worlds” (which was oddly enough filmed in Athens, NY) during the storm the “lights” were getting shot into the ground, that is what it resembled as these things were coming down. After realizeing there were more than one of them we headed home, my eleven year old sister extremely frantic, watched them the whole ride home. We passed the prison in Coxsackie where it was near/over then suddenly turned a corner and it was all the way on the other side of the road, ahead of us. As we neared Sleepy Hollow, which is in Athens, it started to fade, I snapped a few quick shots and it “disappeared”. Coxsackie/Athens is a very rural area, with a lot of farms and fields, woods, and water, which can be quiet creepy if you’re already freaked out. When we arrived home my sister went online and talked to her friend, who said she and another friend of hers were outside of her house, in Sleepy Hollow, when they heard a very strange sound coming along Farm to Market Road, the very same road my sister had been driving on when she started to follow the UFO. After that her friend got a bad feeling and ran home, my sister hadn’t even told her friend about the UFO we saw or where we had seen it, making it odd and collaberating with this story. Although we didn’t hear any sound, we also didn’t listen for one. The sighting is extremely disturbing and scary for anyone to encounter, but it seemed as though the UFO was watching and following us.;42.2767;-73.8175
