2 very large hovering crafts w/vivid multicolored lights. (Too out of this world to be anything other than otherworldly);2015-05-10 21:00:00;30 minutes;2 very large hovering crafts w/vivid multicolored lights. (Too out of this world to be anything other than otherworldly) My father (62/M), retired sheet metal worker, my son (8/M) & myself (31/F) mother of 3, w/an education level of an A.A degree, all witnessed this amazing phenomenon.  I couldn't have asked for a better mothers day gift!   @ 21:00 I stepped out onto the back porch, which faces west, & saw this very strange thing in the sky.  It took a moment for my mind to comprehend what my eyes were seeing.  In all my years I have never seen anything that even remotely resembles this craft.  The first thing that was unusual about it was the color of the lights & the multitude of lights.  The lights were so beautiful & vivid, seeming to twinkle rather than blink, ranging in color from red, blue, green, white, & yellow.  The lights also gave away the sheer size of the craft.  I would hate to make an approximation on the size of this craft, other than to say, IT WAS VERY LARGE!  The lights also gave a clue to it's shape, which seemed to be of a saucer/disk shape.   So, now that I was fully aware that I was witnessing something otherworldly, I called for my father & son to come & see it also.  By this time as well, I have made the observations that this craft is neither making any sound nor is it moving.  I proceeded to walk outside & see if I could get a better look.   As soon as I did, from behind the treeline, ANOTHER craft became visible!  I couldn't believe my eyes.  Not one, but TWO, of the most amazing things I've ever seen.  An exact replica, & they mirrored each others movements.  By now, approximately 7 minutes had elapsed & they continued to hover for roughly 3 minutes more before slowly moving, in tandem, westward.  They traveled a good distance before stopping once more to hover & then I watched them as they slowly moved across the sky until thier lights were no longer visible.  The whole time, seeming as though they were perfectly in sync w/one another, they kept the same amount of time to hover, altitude, speed & distance between them.;28.6180001424502;-80.8425521367526
