Huge Black Transparent Silent Chevron;2001-12-09 00:28:00;3 minutes;Huge Black Transparent Silent Chevron At 00:28 a black chevron was seen west of Lombard, traveling south in a plane-less sky. At 00:20 I looked outside and was surprised to see a clear & star filled sky, as generally the planes keep spraying something which creates perpetually cloudy sky over Chicago. I got out my Russian panoramic viewer, the best night vision available in my opinion, and started scanning the sky. No air planes could be seen or heard, which is unusual because I live under the landing path to ORD. I looked to the West at about 45 degrees above the horizon and almost missed a solid black chevron slowly moving silently across the midnight sky. Absolutely no light was emitted from the craft which was itself darker than the sky behind it. As this wide, chevron shaped wing passed in front of the star studded sky - the stars did not fade behind the wing but appeared to keep shining through an invisible structure. I assume the ship was able to bend the light around it adding to its stealth. The event lasted about 3 minutes and this object moved slowly due south - aprox. over Wheaton, possibly even farther west. No idea how far away or how high it actually was but it did not reflect the laser light that I directed at it. This ship was HUGE (my guess is one mile across) and I feel it is part of a larger geometric structure whereby 6 craft would create an immense, six sided ring with another - solid craft in the center. The wing was the same width from one end the other and each end was straight - like a straight cut on a piece of lumber with two 90 deg. Corners. (I could fax a drawing) This craft had a pointed leading edge and the chevron had about a 120 angle with the wings sweeping toward the rear. No curves could be seen, only sharply defined edges. There were no vapor trails. I could not determine the thickness of this craft, but by its darkness and how I almost missed it with my high power nightvision - nobody would EVER see it using binoculars. Video would never have revealed this object in the night sky either. It was not an airplane.;41.8721;-88.0159999999998
a chevron-shaped bright light that appeared early morning in the eastern  sky and would only ascend or descend;2007-09-21 05:30:00;40 minutes;a chevron-shaped bright light that appeared early morning in the eastern  sky and would only ascend or descend I swim at an outdoor pool in Lombard, IL, three to four mornings a week beginning at 5:30 when it's still dark. It's the only one I know of that keeps the outdoor pool open after Labor Day. Anyway, Tuesday morning (9/18/07) I first noticed what I thought was probably a red-eye flight coming in for a landing at O'Hare. The thing is that it never banked and never circled. It was a very bright light -- too high to be a helicopter and too low to be a star -- that would go higher into the sky (I was facing East), straight up, or back a little lower. By 5:50 it started going higher and possibly a little to the South. I leave the pool at 6:20, and the sun hasn't fully risen. It did the same thing on Wednesday.  I didn't swim yesterday, but I did this morning (9/21) and decided that I should wear my contacts to try to get a better look at it. From what I could tell, I saw a faint outline, a chevron shape that resembled a turkey wishbone (but with a bigger center at the point) or even the Nike symbol if both points were the same length. I occasionally saw what seemed to be a jet stream, but it was broad and short. When the object was a little lower (between 5:30-5:45) it looked as if there was a bit of orange or red at the end, and the stream seemed to retract and then come out. When the object was higher I didn't notice the red and could only see a slight stream. There was no noise that I could tell, and I know it wasn't a plane because one of those did pass overhead, continuing forward with a rhythmic flashing light underneath. This was completely different.  More than anything I'd like to put my mind at rest. I'd like to think that there's a logical explanation that O'Hare Air Traffic Control would certainly be aware of. However, I know that it could be something else.;41.8721;-88.0159999999998
