While my friend and I were out sledding by my house we saw a comet-like object and eventually nine other similar objects appeared.;1997-01-13 17:30:00;30 minutes;While my friend and I were out sledding by my house we saw a comet-like object and eventually nine other similar objects appeared. First off I was 9 years old and my neighbor was 10.  We went to this path by our house.  It had a slope on it and it was a nice spot for kids to go sledding.  My neighbor and I were doing just that when all of a sudden I look up and see what I thought was a comet.  I said to my friend, Hey look!  Check out that comet!  We both look at it for a few seconds.  Then he notices another similar comet to the north of the one I saw.  My first reaction was, Maybe this is a meteor shower, but I soon realised if this was a meteor shower why weren't the meteors visually moving.  I looked back at the UFO I spotted and saw that it had moved further up (it was on an angle like this \ from our viewpoint) and the tail had grown.  Then one of us saw a third UFO in the distance which was about 1/2 inch long at arm's length ( the first was about 1 1/2 inch and the second 1 inch ) I can't recall exactly what happened because we were both so excited, but #2 had grown and moved, too.  Eventually the third one moved and a fourth appeared.  Let me remind you that I didn't see any of these moving, growing, or appearing.  This kept on happening, one would move and grow while another would appear.  After about a half an hour there were nine UFOs and by this time #1 had grown to about 4 or 5 inches and had moved so it almost vertical ( they were moving in a circular pattern with one appearing when it was horizontal and increasing in angle from there ) as the others had grown proportionatly.  By this time we were both freaked out.  So we ran the half block home thinking aliens were going to abduct us knowing only what the media had told us about UFOs and aliens.  After that I became very interested in the UFO phnomenon and read countless books on the subject.  My neighbor however, I think has pretty much brushed it off as somthing explainable, but I checked and there was no comet or meteor shower that night.;41.8721;-88.0159999999998
Possible explanation for some of the July 4 reports.;2010-07-04 21:00:00;1 hour;Possible explanation for some of the July 4 reports After dusk we saw orange, yellow, and red fireballs travelling across the sky.  They looked identical to the descriptions given in multiple reports and the video on your homepage.  We had no idea what they were.  Later in the night we were watching some people light off fireworks and saw them lighting what were called Chinese flying lanterns.  They were obviously what we saw earlier in the night.  I think these could explain alot of your reports.  What's odd is that we haven't seen these things in past years but this year we saw them on a few different occasions including a whole bunch at the Chicagoland NASCAR race.;41.8721;-88.0159999999998
Two bright orange/red colored spider looking things in the sky just outside the Lombard fest around 1:00 am;2013-07-05 01:12:00;3min 30 seconds;Two bright orange/red colored spider looking things in the sky just outside the Lombard fest around 1:00 am After the fireworks we were hanging out in the back of a pickup truck across the street from the Lombard fest when out of no where with no sound we saw this bright orange/red spider looking thing in the sky.  Couldn't tell if it hd 3 legs or 4 legs on each side but it appeared right over our heads and stayed there for about 7 seconds, then it moved a little bit farther away but right in front of us.  I told my boyfriend to grab the camera, and just as he started to record another one came from behind her head in front of us.  As we were looking at the second one the first one disappeared. then we continue to record the second one trying to figure out what it was. we watched it move around up and down with no sound until that one disappeared without watching it actually fly away. as soon as it was gone be looked at our video and I tried to count how many Dr were on each side that appeared to be legs.  it was hard to tell if there was three dots or four dots on each side because it was slightly blurred. when we looked at the video the next day I could not see the doctor at! all.;41.8721;-88.0159999999998
