3 Lights stopped and turned on a level plane;2005-12-27 17:05:00;1 minute;3 Lights stopped and turned on a level plane Driving home from work I saw 3 lights in the sky that at first sight looked light airplane lights. Then I noticed that they were spread too far apart to be a normal aircraft strobe lights. There were 2 white pulsing lights in tandem and then 1 red light that was fixed in what appeared to be the front of this object. I could not actually see the object but could see the lights and they moved together like they were attached. These lights were low in the sky and below the normal flight line of normal aircraft on approach to ORD ( there were many other aircraft in the sky at the time and this object must have been noticed by other planes ). What really made me stop was the fact that they just stopped and then turned like they were on some sort of swivel. They then started heading east at a rapid speed and made another swivel turn to the south when I lost sight of them behind the tree/building line. When the object turned I never lost sight of the lights ( they were never obscured like a plane banking) and they turned on a level plane...The two white lights got wider apart and the red light actually moved to the middle of the 2 white lights and then the object seemed to move away from me. If I had to guess a distance I would say 1-5 miles away and below the normal flight height of approaching aircraft into Ohare over Lombard. This object seemed to be 3-4 times as large as a normal passenger jet .;41.8721;-88.0159999999998
Small circle or triangle with 3 dim white lights moving very quickly.;2007-10-31 21:55:00;10 seconds;Small circle or triangle with 3 dim white lights moving very quickly. I am the only observer that I know of.  I am a 23-year-old male and I am a student.   I was leaving my apartment to go study on campus when a fast moving cluster of lights caught my attention.  This was at 21:55 O'clock.  There were no clouds at the time of the sighting. The craft was moving from North to South.  It caught my attention because of how fast it was moving, which at first was in a straight line, but kept my attention because it started making very sharp, random turns.  All of the turns were very immediate, with no time spent changing directions.  Although the overall movement of the craft stayed north to South, its zigzags were alternating east and west.  It also appeared to be moving at a constant velocity during these turns, until I lost sight of it a few seconds later.  The speed was faster than a commercial jet that was also in the sky and was constant. The parts of the craft that were visible to me were the three faint white lights.  These lights did not change intensity, color, or position relative to me during its flight.  As the craft made its zigzags, the three lights stayed in the same orientation, but the craft was translated east and west.  The outer border of the craft was at times visible, but I'm not sure if it was a circle or a triangle.  The lights however were arranged in a perfect equilateral triangle. Its size appeared to be smaller than an airplane, but I could not be sure of its altitude.  The only other information that I have is that as I lost sight of it, the lights got dimmer.  I'm not sure if it was gaining altitude or not because the lights were already close together and dim, so to me they just got dimmer.;41.8721;-88.0159999999998
Black Hawks chasing object outside O'Hare airspace.;2015-06-17 21:53:00;2 minutes;Black Hawks chasing object outside O'Hare Airspace We heard this loud sound like bass from a car going by and it was pulsing, like a deep rumble and a beat, and simultaneously, I heard helicopters flying overhead, about 3-4.   I ran outside and saw two helicopters, with their lights on, (trailing behind), and one flying dark, from what I could make out against the clouds (with the lights off).  It was cloudy which refracted the light back and this helicopter was flying dark but could be seen against the clouds...  It was clearly chasing something.   I am right outside class B airspace to the southwest, and there was no aircraft in the area (which Is very strange to say the least) for this time of night (I am in the flight path).  The noise was unlike any other I have ever heard.   I am a private pilot, and I have been at O'hare when the Osprey land, and Marine 1 lands as well as Air Force 1...  It was reminiscent of that but the noise, it was a deep rumble/hum that I could feel in my feet on my hardwood floor.  The bass, it was not the chop of rotors, it was a hum for two seconds, and then a higher pitched hum, perhaps two octaves above.   Then it was followed closely with Black Hawk chop of the rotors… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  We assume an evening sighting, and have amended the time above.  However, we have no means of contacting the party in order to confirm the time.  PD));41.8721;-88.0159999999998
