Spotted Triangular object while exiting highway, almost crashed into cop, was not even pulled over.;2001-10-01 20:30:00;5 Minutes;Spotted Triangular object while exiting highway, almost crashed into cop, was not even pulled over. While exiting I-75 south onto M55 at Houghton Lake, in Michigan, a little after darkfall, I spotted a triangular off to my left side. The object was huge, silent and low, about 200-300 feet up and at least 70 feet accross. There was a white light at each corner of the object. I could see the shape of the object against the night sky, which was most stunning, it was a triangle. It was moving north east. I was so intently watching the object, that I did not notice that I was driving off the right side of the road. As I violently swerved back onto the exit ramp, I nearly hit a Michigan State Police suburban that was parked on the side of the road. I fully expected to be pulled over, and hoped the trooper had seen the abject also. I pulled alongside the trooper, expecting a strange look, when I noticed his dome light was on, with a brief case open on his lap, frantically searching through the papers in the case. I waited for a couple moments at the stop sign waiting to be pulled over. After I was not arrested, I excitedly got back on the highway in the opposite, in persuit of the triangular craft. I followed for about a half mile north, as the craft moved northeast and I lost sight as I went Due north. The direction the craft was heading was towards a military base in Grayling, Michigan. I am close to a local private pilot, I am quite sure the craft was headed toward restricted airspace. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));44.3168;-84.7602
UFO SIGHTING OVER HOUGHTON LAKE MICHIGAN;2012-08-11 22:05:00;10 minutes;UFO SIGHTING OVER HOUGHTON LAKE MICHIGAN UFO SIGHTING OVER HOUGHTON LAKE, MICHIGAN  On Saturday night, August 11th, 2012, my boyfriend and I planned to go to Walmart. We were traveling southeast on Houghton Lake Drive (it runs right next to the lake) approx. at 10:05 p.m. and it was pretty dark outside. We were on the road for about 3minutes,then suddenly I saw coming from the west...over the trees from the lake in the night sky 3 brilliantly bright orange lights shaped into a triangle, and one single (same bright color light) following it. It was so close to us... and so bright I could barely make out deep blackened outline on the triangle shaped lights, and I could make out a triangle, and it looked huge. I said to my boyfriend “what is that&quot!! The lights were moving very slow, slower than any helicopter or plane we both ever seen. ( and we live near a small airport, hear planes all the time)We stopped in the middle of the road for just a few moments to shut the headlights off, then I said let’s just go follow it, because that was not safe to stop a! nd turn our lights off, as it is a busy road at times. We followed and watched it until we got to m-18,( runs north & south) that took us at least a minute to get there, then we pulled over in a family restaurant parking lot, (it is closed that time of night and quiet) on the west side of m-18 to keep watching, this time we shut off our lights and the vehicle and got out. We heard absolutely no sound from these lights, that were still moving so very slow, then as we watched (for about 2 minutes) it go into the clouds, totally out of our view, then to our surprise,  2 more lights came from over the lake, (we were east side of the lake) they were following each other, they also looked very huge and the same kind of lights but they were both single, to both of us it looked like the first one slowed down so the other could catch up, right before they disappeared into the clouds heading same direction as the first, (moving southeast he says,I said just east) After they were gone ! i looked at the clock in the car it said 10:20. So we watched ! this app rox.10 minutes. By the way... meteors don’t move like these did. We are an older couple in our 50‘s and never seen anything like this.;44.3168;-84.7602
