Bowling Pin object in sky spit it a large white lit rectangle that flew over head in mid 1990's in PA rt 476;1995-01-15 21:00:00;1 min 30 sec;Bowling Pin object in sky spit it a large white lit rectangle that flew over head in mid 1990's in PA rt 476 I am guessing the date because it happened in the 1990's. I am placing it in the mid-ninties and at night because it was dark. I don't remember the exact time - but it was in the pm and not too late at night.  I was wearing a coat so it was in the colder months here in PA.  I don't remember the exact month. Anyhow, I remember the US was in the midtst of going to another Gulf War - that's why I am placing it in the mid-nineties - when I think Clinton was threatening to go to war or something.. Anuhow, About the siting: I was driving a friend home on RT 476 (Blue Route) South bound around Plymouth Meeting. I looked out my side window and saw a cluster of red and green lights.  At first, it seemed like a regular air plane, then some weird things took place. It seemed to get bigger, then, it looked like a Bowling Pin suspended in the sky and swaying back and forth and then it seemed to get really small and it looked like it actually spit out a white lit, rectangular object with a bunch of lights on the under side.  The object flew right over our car.  It was silent and seemed to be landing in the grass to our right.  My friend started screaming for me to hit the gas and get out of there. I wanted to see it but because she was so histerical I did hit the gas and scurried on out of there as fast as I could.   My friend had a better view of the object as she looked out her window as it flew over the car and started to get lower and seem to be wanting to land to our right and saw it fly right over us - I could see the reflection of the lights from the object as it flew over head on the ground as it went over the car and to the right.  There were round, white lights on the bottom of this object and the lights also reflected on the ground around our car.  Has anyone else reported anything like this around that date? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.1086;-75.2835
