10 Triangle craft's light's seen near philadelphia;2002-10-07 19:40:00;20 min;10 Triangle craft's light's seen near philadelphia I was outside having a cigarette and I was looking up at the sky and saw a triangle shaped lights blinking eradically in was no way a airplane light but I passed it of as nothing then to my surprise over the horizon there were more coming very close to each other with the very fast odd light pattern then I new something was not right so I went inside grabed my family and they confiremed what I saw at first we tried to make an explanation for it but could not. This was very odd and I would like to know what they were airforce whatever but i have never seen an airforce plane look like that I asked my friend If I should call someone they said to contact you who know maybe someone else saw what I saw....Thank you for your time;40.1086;-75.2835
Craft hovering over PA turnpike;2010-08-27 12:00:00;20 seconds;Craft hovering over PA turnpike My three year old son and I were driving Southbound on the NE extension of the PA turnpike, when I hear my son exclaim, Mommy I see the airplane!  I immediately look toward my side windows and see nothing, when my son points out the front window.  I observed a triangular (almost airplane-like) object hovering in the sky above my vehicle.  As I proceeded down the highway at roughly 65mph, the craft did not seem to get any closer or farther away.  Also there was no noise coming from the craft for it being so close.  This particular craft most resembled a modern day airplane, with two exceptions:  The craft appeared to have a dorsal-type fin on the center top, and had no turbines.  It also had a matte-black finish that strangely appeared to be matte and shiny all at the same time.  I observed the craft for roughly 15-20 seconds, when I took a second to re-focus on it, the “plane” simply vanished. Oddly enough, since this sighting I have noticed that when driving I can hear the sounds of an aircraft hovering above my vehicle.  I can never see anything, yet can hear the noise so loudly that I cannot hear the radio or hear my son speaking to me from the back seat.  My husband has several “explanations” for this.  However, the sound does not occur when I have passengers other than my son riding with me.  Not sure if this is a coincidence, but it is a little unsettling nonetheless.  **I sighted this object no less than 2mi North of the Mid-county toll plaza.;40.1086;-75.2835
I didn't only see this object but felt its presence also, like I was seeing something I should not have been able to.;2016-03-15 21:00:00;7 seconds;I didn't only see this object but &quotfelt&quot its presence also,like I was seeing something I should not have been able to and has On the night of March 15th, I was smoking a cigarette outside of my bathroom window and, as usual, was looking up at the sky.  At this exact moment, I was looking up at Orion, and picked up out of the corner of my eye an object, which moving from a Southern direction towards the North.  The object made absolutely no sound, had absolutely no lights, and I think the only reason I saw it was I was already looking towards that direction, or I never would have known..  This happened just about 15-20 min ago and I'm still shaking a bit, not scared, but very convinced I saw SOMETHING.  In fact I know I did and it was NOT a plane because it's dark outside.  The moon is strong so that may have helped me see it..   The shape was not easy to pick up but was closest to a triangle or shape of a standard airplane without the body,just the wings.  It almost looked translucent with brighter spots of a lighter shade if that makes sense.  It was very low,I would say no more than 1000 feet, I know ! how high that is because I build skyscrapers for a living.   I know there is something  other than us out there but it's very strange to actually see it and the hair stood up on my neck and arms and I was and am just shook up or something.   As a side note there is unrelenting chemtrails activity over this area on a daily basis and I have lots pics of this activity.  Don't know what else to say about it.   Thank you.;40.1086;-75.2835
Triangular shaped unidentifiied object with green,red,whit light  hovering in sky in Montgomery county pa;2019-12-19 19:15:00;40 mins;Triangular shaped unidentifiied object with green,red,whit light  hovering in sky in Montgomery county pa Object only hovered and was triangular in shape with green and red lights ....object has now moved slightly and is still hovering but with white and green lights ...there are now almost a hour later a total of four with green and white and one with red litghts ..dogs began frantically barking provoking neighbors to come outside as well;40.1086;-75.2835
