A pair of stars begin to circle each other....shoot off...then return to their original positions....;1996-11-28 22:30:00;25 seconds;A pair of stars begin to circle each other....shoot off...then return to their original positions.... My wife and i were travelling west on US 52 in Ohio and were just entering Wheelersburg on the way to Portsmouth. I was riding shotgun. I had reciently bought a telescope and was watching the sky. I soptted a group of stars that were brighter than most and seemed to stand out in the sky. If you were looking at them like they were on a clock face the lights were at your 7 o clock and at your 1 o clock. They also were exactly the same color as most of they nearby stars, only brighter...about magnitude 1.5 to 2.0. All of the sudden they began to revolve around each other and i screamed to my wife to stop the car and she did. Just in time to see them stop spinning and shoot off in opposite directions. They were very fast, going from revolving to about the distance from saturn to jupiter (as viewed from earth) in no less than 1 second. As odd as this seems as soon as they reached their max distance from each other, without decelerating reversed course and began to slow until they reached their original places in the sky. My wife saw them revolving and watched them shoot off and return. The revolving part lasted about 20 seconds.  We were able to see them in the sky until we went to bed about 1:30 am and never seen them since. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.7379;-82.8231
Bright orange, red, blue, white light in the night sky;2004-01-15 20:00:00;1.5 hr.;Bright orange, red, blue, white light in the night sky Bright light that changed colors from red, orange, blue, white in the sky, along the Ohio River. Object traveled from north to south very slowly over a period of 90 minutes then dissapeard.  This object first appeared in the summer of 2003 on several different occassions. We have seen the object twice this week.  Object has no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses may have been looking at the star, Sirius, in the eastern sky.  Moreover, we suspect the witness meant a date in 2004.  The time is uncertain.  PD));38.7379;-82.8231
Zigzagging fire in the sky.;2007-04-12 21:45:00;10 min;Zigzagging fire in the sky. I just got off work and was walking out to my car.  I looked across the parking lot, back towards my workplace, and I saw approx. 7 lights in the sky across the Ohio River, over the hills of Greenup County, Kentucky, which was west in direction.  6 of the lights were always lit and one light would disappear and another light would 'turn on' in a seperate place.  This went on for about 2 minutes and stopped. I got in my car and was driving West bound on US 52 in Sciotoville, Ohio, and over the hills of Sciotoville I saw something that streaked across the sky zigzagging up and down and it was on fire.  The object left a trail of what looked like fire in the sky as it went.  The whole path the object followed was not on 'fire' all at once though, I would compare the firery trails in the sky to condensation lines left in the sky from commercial jets but they didn't stick around as long, the trails disappeared very quickly after the object left that part of the sky.  The object headed from north to south and unlike any meterorite I've ever seen it didn't just fade out the object stopped in the sky, got real bright, and then just disappeared.  This happened about 5 minutes after I saw the disappearing and reappearing lights in the sky and was at a different location. No sound was heard at either of these events. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.7379;-82.8231
