Bright light boomerang/stealth/triangular object.;2014-07-16 05:00:00;3 minutes;Bright Light boomerang/stealth/triangular object. I saw a bright light through the trees while sitting on the back porch of our home at roughly 0500 this morning (07/16/14).  It was as bright as the moon.  At first, I had assumed it was the moon, although it would have been in an unusual position/location.  It disappeared due to the leaves blocking my view.   Then I saw it again in a clearing of leaves.  Again, it disappeared.  I stood up and watched it above the tree lines.  I wanted to see the shape before I woke my husband.  Already I was thinking “this is a UFO” due to its apparent shape and size and brightness.  When I saw the shape, I knew.   So ran in the house and woke my husband.  I told him he had to get up, because he would never believe me.  He did, and we watched it fly over the house together.   I ran into the front yard to continue watching it.  I was a little frightened and hid under some trees in case it was watching me.  I cannot tell you its size, maybe 1/6 size of the moon and later the size of a large star.  It was solid white, almost blinding light.  It was either a chevron shape or boomerang shape, similar to a stealth shape, but not a complete triangle.  It did not change directions, but instead flew in almost a straight line untl it blinked out.  It was too bright for my husband to make out the shape of it, but I could see the shape as it flew directly over my head prior to waking him.  We were able to watch it together for at least 30 seconds before it disappeared from our sight.   I am a military vet and my husband is an executive on an Army base.   This was definitely an aircraft with no blinking lights, nor colors.  It seemed to be an illuminated craft, as opposed to a craft with outside lights.  It was blazing bright. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she sounded quite serious-minded to us.  We suspect both witnesses are reliable and capable.  PD));37.981;-92.0909
