Description: bright object lands near forest;2009-01-24 01:15:00;5 min.;Description: bright object lands near forest We was driving south back towards Dixon in Maries county checking road conditions due to ongoing light snowfall and I witnessed a bright light moving from North to South that looked like a helicopter when i first witnessed it. It then hovered for about 5 seconds then went straight down towards the ground out of my sight.  We proceeded on up the road to a hill top at which time we stopped the vehicle and got out and looked and from there you could see an object on the ground that had alot of bright light around it with a redish light or glow on the top. This object was out in a field somewhat near the forest line. From the distance we was from the object it was hard to get a good look at the object other than to see there was a good deal of light around the object. We was too far away to determine if there was anyone around the object but there was no noise to be heard from the location we stopped in. At that time we proceeded to continue our drive back into Dixon but the event occured over a period of about 4 minutes from the time i first spotted the object until the time we drove off. The preceeding UFO report was investigated by MIG: Missouri Investigators Group and found to be a hoax.  Please read the entire report at http://ufomig2.bravehost.com/dixon09.html. B.Becker ufomig@yahoo.com;37.981;-92.0909
bright object lands near forest.;2009-01-24 01:15:00;5 min.;bright object lands near forest We was driving south back towards Dixon in Maries County checking road conditions due to ongoing light snowfall and I witnessed a bright light moving from North to South that looked like a helicopter when i first witnessed it.  It then hovered for about 5 seconds then went straight down towards the ground out of my sight.   We proceeded on up the road to a hill top at which time we stopped the vehicle and got out and looked and from there you could see an object on the ground that had alot of bright light around it with a reddish light or glow on the top. This object was out in a field somewhat near the forest line.  From the distance we was from the object it was hard to get a good lookat the object other than to see there was a good deal of light around the object.   We was too far away to determine if there was anyone around the object but there was no noise to be heard from the location we stopped in. At that time we proceeded to continue our drive back into Dixon but the event occured over a period of about 4 minutes from the time i first spotted the object until the time we drove off. ((NUFORC Note:  Case has been forwarded to an experienced investigator for follow-up investigation.  PD));37.981;-92.0909
White and red horizontal lights hovering in sky.;2016-09-13 20:15:00;3 minutes;white and red horizontal lights hovering in sky. Took our dogs out like we do every night.  Happened to look in the sky and saw what appeared to be three white lights, horizontal, then changed to red lights.  Disappeared for approximately 30 seconds and then reappeared, with the white lights then changing to red lights.  Then faded away.  Seemed to be just hovering. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.981;-92.0909
