Brief stationary lights above horizon with not movement;2000-02-09 20:30:00;1 minute;Brief stationary lights above horizon with not movement I was heading southwest on Loop 254 out of Ranger.  I noticed a pale yellow light about 10 degrees above the horizon.  The light just appeared like a flare would for about two seconds.  When the light faded another one appeared a few degrees to the left (east).  The second light did the same as the first.  It bightened then faded after about two seconds.  Neither light appeared to move or have any vertical motion.  Approximately thirty seconds later I exited the Loop onto I-20 and was then west bound.  I noticed another of the light to the southwest of the previous light by approximately 20 to 30 degrees.  The same happened with this light, when it faded immediately another appeared in the same fashion as the first set.   I did not see any other lights after this.  I also did not see any craft as the lights appeared to be more than a few miles distant.  All the lights seemed to be at the same altitude.  I have seen similar lights once in the past from Abilene TX to the south east towards Brownwood.  I assumed then it was a flight of C-130's from Dyess AFB on a SKE route. ((NUFORC Query)) Dear Mr. ((deleted)), > > Thank you very much for the excellent report! > > Could I ask, were you aware of the radio reports I made last week of similar lights over Florida, Arizona, and Oregon?  Something very similar to what you describe was seen in those three locations, although not over military facilities. > > Thanks again for sharing the information with our Center! > > Cordially, > > Peter Davenport > -- > Peter B. Davenport, Director > National UFO Reporting Center > PO Box 45623 > University Station > Seattle, WA 98145 > director@ufocenter.com > http://www.UFOcenter.com > Hotline: 206-722-3000 (From 8AM to Midnight Pacific preferred) ((RESPONSE)) Dear Mr. Davenport, I was not aware of any radio reports.  I did read of the report near Coleman, TX after finding the reporting web page.  I found it very interesting that it is similar to what I saw.   I do know that there are many MOA's military operation area's in the direction of what I saw.;32.4664;-98.675
Orange glowing lights in sky above Stephens County, Texas;2008-11-20 18:32:00;30 seconds;Orange glowing lights in sky above Stephens County, Texas On the night of November 20, 2008 a friend and myself were sitting in a hunting blind on a lease property in Stephens County, north of Ranger, Texas, at night trying to locate some feral hog activity.  Around 06:25 p.m. my friend told me he just saw three orange lights perpendicular to the ground in the sky, just above some trees.  He said the lights dimmed out from top to bottom.  I had him explain what he had seen to me since they dimmed out and I was unable to see them myself.  A few minutes later he said he had just seen the lights again but they had gone out already.  I looked in the area of where he was saying he saw them.  I saw a red light further to the right of where I thought he was pointing, from a tower, and he said that was not the light he saw.  At 06:32 p.m. he told me the lights were back.  I looked over and saw two orange lights in the sky above the tree line, parallel to the ground.  I saw a string of orange light that was not as bright as the lights, shoot from each ball of light in an upwards arc back down to the same level as the one it originated from.  When the strings of light would come back down to the same level of the ball of light, a new ball of orange light would appear.  The ball of light it originated from would dim away.  The string of light would then dim away from the originating ball to the new orange ball of light.  The two lights were the same color and the distance of the strings appeared to be the same but the lights were not arcing/forming new balls of light at the same time.  The lights repeated this process about eight times each and lasted approximately 30 seconds total before both lights went out completely.  The lights were moving from North to South.  I am unsure how far away they were but they appeared within a mile distance from where we were.  I have never seen anything like this before.  It was definitely an UNIDENTIFIED flying object.  Very cool to experience.;32.4664;-98.675
