Bright Lights with No Visible Source or Sound or Tracks Come in Through the Window;1998-01-15 01:00:00;30sec;Bright Lights with No Visible Source or Sound or Tracks Come in Through the Window This event occured in the '97-'98 timeframe in the early hours of a quiet winter night, with more than one foot (12) of snow on the ground in a quiet NJ suburb.  I was about 15 at the time and was awake in my bedroom with a friend (with the lights off) waiting to fall asleep.  Suddenly and silently, an electric green filled my room, coming in through windows that looked out over the road.  The green was an aqua shade.  As I recall, the light seemed to pan across the room.  Both of us became immediately frightened and confused.  There was no sound and we could see (while still lying on the bed) no source for the light.  The green light filled the room for approx. 5-10 seconds, and then suddenly and completely shut off.  We listened but heard nothing (like a plane or helicopter flying away, and a quick glance at the moonlit road revealed a smooth and unbroken bed of snow no vehicle big or small had disturbed it in quite some time.  As soon as the light went off, we noticed that the house had experienced a brief electrical problem as we could hear the answering machine resetting, and the electric clocks were flashing 12:00.  There are power/communication lines that run from nearby towers to the house, but never before or since have I witnessed any phenomenon similar to the green light.  My friend and I were frightened and excited, but decided to try to go to sleep.  Less than 10 minutes later, my friend alerted me saying, It's happeneing again.  I opened my eyes to find a much softer glow, this time appearing to be focused somehwere outside my room.  I said, What the hell is that? and jumped out of bed and went to the window and looked out to see the house across the street completely aglow the entire back of this two-story white home was extremely bright.  The light, this time, was much whiter and seemed to me to be pulsing at a frequency of about 1-2 nodes per second. (My friend would later describe the second light to be changing from white to brief spots of green and red.) For the entire duration of this second light (20-30 seconds), my friend (now joining me at the window) and I searched for a source for  the light, and found none.  The house was glowing as if some very bright light was pointed at it from above the house about 20ft from the rear wall and 20ft above the roof, but nothing was visible.  Again, complete silence throughout, and again, suddenly the light was gone, as if it had never been.   Though my friend and I were very freaked out and certainly studied the possibility that we had just witnessed a close encounter, I later became convinced that the lights were nothing more than electrical surges or what-have-you caused by heavy snow/ice on the wires in the area.  Now, however, I am unsatisfied by that explaination, as I have never heard of or seen anything similar before or since.  I never saw an object.  I don't know what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.524;-74.7461
