lights cloud-like objects in the sky  strange cloud formations and also when they left (ufo) jets where scrambled into the air;2011-11-09 06:00:00;30 min;lights cloud-like objects in the sky  strange cloud formations and also when they left (ufo) jets where scrambled into the air to of the objects could look cloud like but had a metallic color because when i spotted the objects it stood out like a sore thumb in the sky and was very bright among the clouds it was moving towards the earth within minutes other spherical shape objects were moving in and out around of view around the main two cloud like objects when i say move i mean they were cloaking themselves appearing then disappearing in the sky after ten min alot of them where coming into view moving all amongst themselves cloaking and uncloaking themselves i went to get the neighbor as a witness as my brother shot some video footage shortly after they left. five min later jets were scrambled in the air scanning the skys for hours, another note i went to you tube to see if any body else saw what i saw and on a video that was shot this same day he noted that he lived in columbia soth carolina that circular shaped clouds was in the sky in his region two separate events that happened on the same day makes you wonder. i have never seen one of these things in my whole entire life im 25 and was skeptical until today and it makes me feel particularly weird a little inside.;33.1962;-80.0245000000001
On 11/5/12 seven lights were seen that appeared in a sequence, making a perfect line in the sky, and then disappeared.;2012-11-05 19:36:00;3-7 seconds;On 11/5/12 seven lights were seen that appeared in a sequence, making a perfect line in the sky, and then disappeared. While driving down 17-A from summerville towards Moncks Corner, my wife and I observed three lights in the sky off to our right.  These lights looked like an airplane making a turn in the sky. What caught our attention was the altitude of said lights.  They were low for the planes we normally see flying over that area.  The center light was almost a blue with the two other lights on either side of it being orange and equally distanced from the center one. Four more lights appeared to the left of the three already visible lights.  The way they appeared was one right after the other, almost like the runway marker lights of an airport, one right after the other. As soon as the fourth new light, or seventh total light appeared, all seven went out simultaneously and were not seen again. The initial three lights were seen over trees, and guessing distance, I would have to guess they were between the area of Highway 176 and Cypress Gardens Rd.  The other four lights that appeared were seen over 17-A. All seven lights were in a perfect line and spaced equally apart from each other.  The furthest left light was at the highest altitude with the furthest right light being at the lowest altitude.  The best description of the lights were almost flare like without the long falling, strobing, associated with flares.  The lights appeared to never move direction.  It was like a light switch, first they were flipped on in sequence, then they were shut off all at the same time. The background for this sighting was a clear dark night, with stars clearly visible in the sky.;33.1962;-80.0245000000001
V shaped object emitting no sound or lights.;2012-11-24 07:24:00;5 seconds;V shaped object emitting no sound or lights I was just outside with my husband and dog and I looked up into the sky.  It is a clear night-no clouds visible and there is a bright moon.  I looked up into the eastern part of the sky and saw a v-shaped object flying low, flying southerly.  It was emitting no sound and had no lights.It looked as though there could have been several together but I am not certain.  The sighting only lasted a few seconds and I lost the object due to the glare of our street light. My husband and neighbors saw something a few months ago in the same part of the sky.  The objects they saw looked like glow sticks that bumped and flashed and took off at an alarming speed-also emitting no sound.  It looked as though the object I saw was purposely flying under the radar.;33.1962;-80.0245000000001
