Three UFOs in formation seen by many on the night of July 4, 2008 in Chester, WV.;2008-07-04 22:50:00;15 mins.;Three UFOs in formation seen by many on the night of July 4, 2008 in Chester, WV. ---My name is XXXX XXXXXX and I'm from a small town called Chester in Northern West Virginia. On the Fourth of July (2008) my town was having it's usual festivities as we always do when out of no where three bright red lights appeared in the sky. They appeared to be in a triangle formation and moved together in a very slow, very creepy floating motion. At my house more than thirty of my family members, anywhere from age 5 to 83, all saw exactly what I saw. There was a concert in town and the city was probably host to around ten-thousand people or more, most of which saw the lights. I have attached three photos that my aunt took from a different point in town, and I have two poor quality videos on my cell phone that I can send once I figure out how to upload them.  When I saw the lights it was approximately 10:50pm. I filmed two quick videos and took off in the direction of the lights. I eventually lost sight of them but I have friends who were in different parts of the town who claim two of the lights moved in very close as if they were being sucked up into the sky, and the third followed. I originally thought there was only one craft due to the steady formation but now that I have seen many photos and talked to a lot of different eye-witnesses I believe we saw three seperate crafts.  No newspapers or stations have reported anything on these lights, and I as well as many others are frustrated by this silence. We would love to be able to shed light on this.;40.6003;-80.5607
Observed steady, stationary red light in the sky for several minutes pulsed & disappeared in 3-4 seconds;2009-07-04 22:38:00;7 minutes;Observed steady, stationary red light in the sky for several minutes pulsed & disappeared in 3-4 seconds I looked out of my kitchen window at approx 10:38pm est and noticed a stationary red light in the sky toward the west (it was definitely not moving, as it remained in the same spot in relation to the window frame). It was not pulsing, twinkling, or flashing, but remained steady. It was larger than a star or a planet (4x approx) (it reminded me of a warning light at the top of a cell tower, but it was much, much higher in the sky). I went outside to observe further. There was a very thin and broken cloud cover, and I could see that it was well above that. The light was very bright red and the clouds never obscured it. I watched it for about 6 minutes (looked through binoculars also, but it still just looked like a steady, round red light). As I continued to watch, the light slowly started to move (3 or 4 seconds, eastern direction), then it pulsed rapidly and moved rapidly (southern direction, still pulsing) and was gone in another 3 or 4 seconds. It didn’t gradually fade out of sight, but rather seemed to disappear as if it had been shot out of a cannon. Viewing concluded at 10:45pm. This occurred well after our small town's fireworks display was over. I live away from city lights or anything that would distort the night sky. I am approx 30 miles from Pittsburgh International Airport and see aircraft with landing lights on daily. What I saw was not an airplane, and was not in or near the normal traffic patterns.  I don't drink alcohol or take any medications.;40.6003;-80.5607
Large, steady red light. Observed 6 minutes minimal motion, accelerated and disappeared in 10 seconds.;2009-07-04 22:39:00;7 minutes;Large, steady red light. Observed 6 minutes minimal motion, accelerated and disappeared in 10 seconds. I observed a distinct red light through the kitchen window.  I went outside to make sure it was not just a reflection off the glass. High in the western sky and above the broken cloud layer was a large bright red light. It was slowly traveling west to east for possibly 3 minutes. The thin cloud layer did not impede the brightness of the light at any time. After being stationary for 30 seconds, the light became a rapid acceleration to the south and completely disappeared in 10 seconds. I am a private pilot (instrument-rated) and can say definitely this in no way resembled a commercial airplane at the approx altitude of 10,000 feet.  I frequently watch commercial aircraft over my house on approach to Pittsburgh International Airport. This object would have been in PIT’s airspace or above.  Possibly a contact with Pittsburgh ATC could verify a radar contact. The object was much larger and brighter than a commercial high flying aircraft. The color was always a distinct red. It was not airplane navigation lights.;40.6003;-80.5607
