Strange circular object seen moving against the wind, making irregular movement and sudden speed bursts.;2000-06-10 02:30:00;5 minutes;Strange circular object seen moving against the wind, making irregular movement and sudden speed bursts. It was but 4 years ago, sometime in early June of 2000. Me and the family were packing our camping trailer, because we were headed to South Dakota on a camping trip. Our camper was parked in the backyard of our house. We have a small cludder of trees right behind the house, but nowhere near to blocking my view of a strange object moving against the SE wind in the sky, almost directly above me, as I was standing next to the camper, loading some silverware and misc. items into the camper. As I had finished, I looked up into the sky, searching for any storm clouds, as it was windy that day, yet pretty hot and a bit humid. The weather forcast recently had described several showers in our area, therefore I was searching to see if we were going to get poured on while packing. It was 2:30 or so in the afternoon, and as I was searching the sky, I saw a small circular object, the color of white, moving against the wind. The wind speed was about 10 - 15 mph, heading SE, with sudden strong gusts, which leaded me to guess a cold front was moving in, with the present warm front already in the area. The object was far out into the sky, near the clouds that I had seen. Some of these clouds were rather thin, but a few large cumulonimbus clouds could be seen headed our way, near Big Creek lake. This object was definately not an airplane or satellite, because it moved in strange patterns. It also left a very very faint trail as it made sudden bursts of speed. First, it moved at a steady pace going North, then it would suddenly jerk towards the West. As I watched for 2 minutes, the object seemed to be making strange, sudden movements in the sky, the slowing down  to almost a stop. It almost looked as if it was zig-zagging in the sky, but at incredible speed. Its speed would change dramatically every few seconds. Within 3 minutes of watching this object, a few clouds came by it, and it seemed to do more of its jerky movements, then it slowed down again, only this time whipping around one of the clouds. As the cloud that the strange object had hidden behind passed, the object had dissapeared, and then reappeared just left of its original location. I was so amazed at this, I quickly made my way into the house and got the camera. I came back, and the object was still there, making slow movements, and then sudden jerks in the sky. I took a picture of 2 of it, and had my parents send the film in right away. The strange thing is, I never got these 2 pictures back, as I remember my mom bringing home the set of pictures, and I could not find the snapshots. I was furious. The object was again, circular, white color, and was rather small, as it was far out into the sky, perhaps the same altitude as the clouds. After I had taken a picture of the object, it came to a stop, and then again whipped around another cloud. I waited for it to pass, but as I searched, the object had dissapeared. It never reappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));41.7536;-93.6927
Fireball UFO seen over Big Creek in Polk City, Iowa.;2014-05-31 22:36:00;2 minutes;Fireball UFO seen over Big Creek in Polk City, Iowa My boyfriend and I were driving home from the Casey’s General Store in Polk City, Iowa, after buying some candy for a home movie.   As we crossed the bridge over Big Creek, we saw a floating orange spherical object out of the left (driver’s side window.)  The object was like a fire or candle.  It did not appear as hazy or with an aura around it though I wouldn’t say the sphere shaped light’s edges were extremely sharp.   It was over the lake, about a few hundred feet beyond the bridge and a few hundred feet higher in the air relative to us (on the bridge).  It glowed brightly but not in a blinding way like the headlights of a car.   The object was moving horizontally and didn’t seem to be moving up or down.  It glided in the opposite the direction we were heading. It moved smoothly and within the car I could not hear it making any noise.   Unfortunately we couldn’t pull over to get a longer look (we were driving on a fairly busy highway over a bridge.)  When we were able to turn around we went back over the bridge but the object was no longer there.   It was dark out, 10: 36 pm.;41.7536;-93.6927
