I was walking my dog before the 10:00 news, looked up at the sky and saw an orange glowing object.;2010-07-04 21:55:00;5 mins total;I was walking my dog before the 10:00 news, looked up at the sky and saw an orange glowing object. My sighting occurred on Sunday July 4, 2010 at approximately 9:55 PM.  This was at Saylorville Lake in Polk City, Iowa, at Prairie Flower campground, Coneflower Loop.  I was taking my dog for a short walk and glanced up at the night sky, as I always do.  It was overcast, so I didn’t notice any stars, but there was a glowing orange object.  I had to stop and stare at it as long as I could see it, which was probably 2 or 3 minutes.  It looked to me to be kind of a disc shape, with an oblong oval shape up through the middle.  It was glowing orange.  It looked like it had a red light on top momentarily.  It didn’t have a real crisp shape.  I’m not sure if that was because it was glowing or what.  I was facing the West and looking up at about a 30 degree angle.  I’m not sure if that’s right, but it wasn’t directly overhead, but slightly down.  In relationship to the size of a full moon, I would say it was about ¼ that size when the moon is high in the sky.  I was! n’t sure if it was above or below the clouds.  It didn’t move, but faded away.  I wasn’t sure if clouds just blocked my view at that point or what.  A car drove up, so I moved to let them by.  They commented on how strange the sky looked earlier.  I agreed and told them I was looking at my first UFO.  I was thinking they thought I was crazy, but the lady stopped me the next morning and said she saw what I was looking at after I had walked on.  A few minutes after my initial sighting, just up the road a bit, I looked up and saw it again!  I watched it for a bit longer this time.  It was in the same area and looked the same, except I didn’t notice the red light on top this time.  It did move slightly back and forth and then disappeared.  It didn’t frighten me.  It captivated me!  I have looked at and admired the night sky all my life and have never seen anything like it!  I have even lived in the Mojave Desert, where there are no city lights to interfere, and other than the moon and stars, have only seen planes and the occasional satellite.  I wasn’t thinking of UFOs or even looking for one when I saw this.  And no, I wasn’t drinking, and there were no fireworks nearby.;41.7536;-93.6927
