Captured footage  of bright “stars,” revealed to be clear, circular hovering objects in southern Maryland.;2020-01-20 06:30:00;2 hours;Captured footage  of bright “stars,” revealed to be clear, circular hovering objects in southern Maryland. My husband and I have been monitoring these light/UAPs/UFOs for over 2 years now. At this point, we see one almost every night right outside our window. The UFO is a bright light, there are minor differences like shapes, (circular vs diamond), light emissions, and coloration, but for the most part we feel we are seeing the same things, multiples of them, many different times. They move and we track them but mostly they stay stationary or only more slightly. We can easily monitor this as we live in a wooded area and it’s easy to notice where it’s located in relation to the trees. Recently they’ve been more “obvious” like a bright “star” right in front of us, “following” us home, and being directly outside our windows at night. Today was the first time I tried to record them with some phenomenal results. I recorded a video and took very clear and obvious photos with my iPhone and DSLR. The iPhone videos were surprisingly clear showing a large bright circle, su! rrounding a smaller circle with a dark “core” like center. I took multiple videos all showing the same thing. When zooming in the outer brighter circle was flickering/emitting/spinning. When we went outside to investigate further we spotted another and proceeded to verify via video. The shape and characteristics were both the same. We could see both at the same time.  To note, we both have a masters degree, I being a research biologist and  very familiar with star positioning, plausible tech explanation and so forth. Theses “lights” have been phenomenal experiences. Please contact for further  photos and video, would love to have them investigated further. This is the second home in this area  where we’ve been able to easily see these hovering crafts behaving different from any technology we know of.;38.3545;-76.5664
