Bright star like object seen performing maneuvers in the skies over Columbia County, NY;2010-08-28 21:30:00;30 seconds;Bright star like object seen performing maneuvers in the skies over Columbia County, NY We live on the east side of a lake in northern Columbia County in New York State. From where we are located, we have an unobstructed view of the western sky. On the night of Saturday August 28, 2010, the skies were clear with temps in the low 70's. At about 9:25 that evening, I went outside to get something out of my truck. We had been cooking and canning vegetables from our garden all day, and the house was quite warm inside. Noticing how pleasantly cool it was outside, I asked my girlfriend if she might like to come outside for a while to cool off. As we stood down by the water, chatting and looking at the house lights from across the lake, something caught my eye in the west northwestern night sky. At an elevation of about fifty degrees, a bright white star-like object had suddenly appeared, seemingly out of nowhere. Had this object been stationary, and not as bright, I might have mistaken it for just a large star. But it was not stationary. It was moving in a northerly direction at what appeared to be a very high rate of speed. After about three or four seconds from the time it first appeared, it executed a very tight, almost flat, 180 degree turn to the south, and after proceeding in this new direction for another three or four seconds, it just as suddenly seemed to turn off again, just like someone turning off a light switch, and became invisible to our eyes once more in the night sky. Please understand that when I used the word turn, I am not speaking of any kind of a turn in the conventional way.  This object, whatever it was, had managed to accomplish a complete and opposite change of direction in less than a second.  It's speed remained constant throughout the entire manuver, and it's motion can only be described as fluid. As we stood there in silence for perhaps fifteen seconds or so, trying to comprehend what this actually was that we had just witnessed, another bright white star  turned on in the west southwestern sky. I took this to be the same object that we had seen before, as the size and light intensity were the same, as was it's elevation above the horizon. This time however, the same manuver that we had just witnessed was being repeated in reverse, with the object making another of those impossible 180 degree turns, and heading back to the north again before turning off once more. We stood there for several more minutes watching the sky, but it did not reappear again.;42.4357;-73.666
04/07 - saw three white dashes/ lights in sky ,, approx central NY, Adirondack Mtns. but they could have been further away;2011-04-07 19:00:00;five minutes?;04/07 - saw three white dashes/ lights in sky ,, approx central NY, Adirondack Mtns. but they could have been further away Strangely I was sitting in a dentist chair, who has a very nice view of the Adirondack Mtns. I was facing west.  These figures were not on top of us, what I saw was very far away.  3 small white dashes in the sky, they were there maybe three - five minutes , in a triangle form, then they slowly disappeared at the same time. Possible three jets flew in a formation and i saw trails, but they were not that close, but still symmetrical. I did have a few shots of Novocaine in me, but I am sure what I saw.  Maybe it's nothing.;42.4357;-73.666
