Flashing Lights Seen Over Treeline in Kosciusko, MS 1997;1997-04-03 21:00:00;5 minutes;Flashing Lights Seen Over Treeline in Kosciusko, MS 1997 I had had a horrible thing happen to me a few weeks before this incident.... I was about 16 years old and had a slumber party one night where two of my friends came over to spend the night.  We went to sleep <we all slept on a pallet in my room> and I woke up around 12am because there was a bright light in my room, but I guess I fell back to sleep because I don't remember getting up to investigate....the next thing I remember is waking up and everything was pitch black...so naturally I went to sit up to figure out why...but there was this pressure on my chest keeping me from sitting up. When I put my hand out in front of me to see what it was....it scared me to death...The covers had been wrapped tightly around me including my head and I was completely UNDER my bed. I started screaming and crying of course and everyone woke up and my mom and my friends had to get me out...  explain that.  You couldn't get under my bed just by rolling underneathe it.  An average size human head won't even fit in between the floor and the bed...PLUS, if someone had jokingly put me there, I am a light sleeper usually, I think I would've felt that.???? So, Anyway a few days later we had another spend the night party at one of the girl's houses and we had stayed up late...well I went to bed before any of them.  I probably hadn't been asleep a whole hour when they came running in their screamin Their after you!  They followed you here!  <we were convinced that the previous incident was in some way connected with extraterrestrials.>  I got up and went into the kitchen <the live in a rural part of the county>  and I saw lights flashing beyond the treeline.  It wasn't lights like the ones that blink on an airplane or helicopter.  They were much bigger and there were many of them.  I can't say exactly how many, more than one, less than 10.  They kept pulsing red and white. and at some points they seemed to come closer like they knew we were watching.  I know what I saw was not an airplane.  I couldn't make out the shape because the light was so bright, but if I had to guess I would say sphere based on the shape of the light.  They hovered and moved around the treeline for about 5 minutes and then flew up and dissappeared.  Both of the girl's begged me to go home. Both of them are very honest people and were very confused about the incident.  I don't think any of us still understand...I haven't seen anything since then nor have I had any weird things happen, I just wondered if maybe anything was reported about this as well?  There have been many UFO sightings along the Natchez Trace which runs directly beside the town I live in...my mother and my stepfather have witnessed strange objects hovering along the Trace.;33.0443;-89.5684
