Mysterious, cigar-shaped aluminum floating object (with no wings or propellers) drifted directly over our car right in front of us.;2021-07-24 00:45:00;3 min;Mysterious, cigar-shaped aluminum floating object (with no wings or propellers) drifted directly over our car right in front of us. Three of us were traveling home from a weeklong trip to Florida. We were passing through Arkansas (heading home) and contemplated staying at a hotel in Morrilton, Arkansas, because we were extremely tired from already having driven over 10 hours. At approximately 12:45am, As we pulled into a hotel right off the Interstate I-40, we  looked up in front of our car to notice a strange floating object in the sky. It sounded like a faint  helicopter. But, to our surprise it was not a helicopter. It was about 40 feet long in  length and appeared to be aluminum colored and cigar-shaped… with the front part being a rounded point and the back part being flat. This object did  not have any wings or propellers. Not sure how it was a gradually going by us at  a slow speed in the sky. It was barely higher than the hotels around us, probably around seven stories high. We were quite exhausted but continued to watch it for a minute or two.  This cigar shaped object was traveling northwest to northeast. We never noticed it, but all of a sudden it appeared right in front of us. We were observing through the front windshield of my vehicle. The exterior, again, was a silver aluminum look. It had a revolving spotlight towards the front and some sort of red box underneath the front of the object. The object crossed over Interstate 40 a few blocks down, then floating (almost like a  blimp) in the sky in the same spot while doing a complete 360° turn in place. This activity happened right behind the Hampton Inn hotel.  After having already been in our vehicle (on a very long road trip), we were too tired to think about taking a picture or video. We first just assumed it was helicopters… then, we were trying to figure out what it was when we saw it so closely go over us. After that encounter, we pulled back onto the interstate and drove to the next city to rent a hotel room, instead of staying near that strange encounter in Morrilton.  When we returned to our hometown, about two hours northeast of that location, we discovered that my son‘s best friend had seen the same occurrence in our area the same same night. We were unaware that they were  UFOs that were not sphere shaped or “flying saucers”. We had no idea that other sightings have been reported of the cigar shaped flying object.;35.1649;-92.7323
