I live in Conway AR and wanted to share a REAL mass sighting with you that happened in Morrilton AR back in 2010. My band was setting u;2010-09-04 21:15:00;30 minutes;I live in Conway, AR, and wanted to share a REAL mass sighting with you that happened in Morrilton, AR, back in 2010.  My band was setting up for a weekend gig at a club named Joses at around 9pm and on a return trip to get a load out of our trailer I noticed lights moving North to South almost driectly above us at approx the height single engine planes usually fly (2-3000 ft?) they were brightly lit spherical objects - white upper half / red bottom half like a fishing bobber slowly moving individually in tight yet seemingly random formations and they never got closer or further away from each other or deviated in altitude.  They were not connected to each other either- we could see stars between them as the passed us.  As they passed our position they would disappear quickly.  The craziest thing about it was that we saw wave after wave of these objects go by 12 to 15 object waves at a time and actually had to quit watching them so we could continue setting up our! band equipment.  I got on top of the club in attempt to see better (looking for a plane or something dropping flares) but only saw more and more coming towards us.  One of the club owners was on the ground and hollered out, I'm up to 50 now as he was counting them.  Major WTF moment. There were 7 of us that saw these things and unfortunately cell phones weren't good enough to get video of them, although we tried.  They were not flares....I've looked at lots of flare videos.  I'm not saying we saw alien ships but don't have a clue what they were.  And for the record-we had just arrived at the club and no drinking had taken place yet! I would say I personally saw well over a hundred pass over at about 1 o'clock position above us.  The long trail of them HAD to be crossing over I-40.  Our reactions were amazement...excited...no fear. Our backgrounds are in electronics for major mfg company, farming, small business owners.;35.1649;-92.7323
