12:03pm, exact. I arrive at Barrington Shores off blue star highway in south haven Michigan. I have lived here for 3 years during the s;2004-04-02 00:06:00;3-8 minutes;12:03pm, exact. I arrive at Barrington Shores off blue star highway in south haven Michigan. I have lived here for 3 years during the summer and this night was unique. This housing development was slow underway so sometimes I take drives there and park at the end of the drive to relax, call friends exedra. I am a 20 year old. I am a firm believer in what is unexplained and what shall soon be explained. The night began talking on the phone to a significant other from flint who as also taken part in this via phone. No more then 3 – 4 minutes into an in depth conversation I take a minute to appreciate everything around me. I have experienced things like this before where I have seen objects move in unworldly directions at undisclosed speeds. Through out the phone conversation I look strait ahead, taking note of an abnormally bright light. At this time I think absolutely nothing of this and continue my phone call. As I continue to look around I see that this light can be associated with celestial objects in the sky around me. I.E. the moon, & stars. Not only is the object I am looking at extremely close to the water, it seams extremely distant. Ignoring my self and thoughts based on things I have seen before I continue on. Its now 12:06, the clock is extremely bright in my car and clearly readable. The object proceeds to dart left, and down back around in a circular motion, continues back up to the general area it had started at and then moves right a significant distance. My jaw hits the floor, everything goes pretty cold. I dropped my phone, and I can hear Jenny in the distance babbling on continuously through the Nextel. I reached down picked up my phone and attempted to explain what I had just saw. By 12:08 the conversation has become pretty dramatic as the object moves at extreme speeds in a continual circular motion I decide its time for me to leave…Considering everything that just happened I call my mother who lives not far, I remember being at the end of the drive at Barrington Shore! s and it being 12:12 I told her what happened, what I had seen. She wants me to come get her and take her there, I agree to, when we returned 10-12 minutes later the object is no where in sight. If anyone else saw this that night please email me, ((e-address deleted)) Thankyou!;42.4036;-86.2521
Glenn Haven private beach, bonfire sunday night of the 16th. 3 of us enjoying the warm summer night. About 11:40pm Britney said did yo;2004-05-16 11:40:00;3 Seconds;Glenn Haven private beach, bonfire sunday night of the 16th. 3 of us enjoying the warm summer night. About 11:40pm Britney said did you see that just as i turned around 2 green spheres flew across the horizion at about a 70 degree downward angle coming from a north easy direction headed south west, over lake michigan. Disapeared instantly, no trail...just like a light switch had been hit. This is the SECOND time this year i have seen somthing i cant explain.  ((e-address deleted)) if you saw this and are from south haven area ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));42.4036;-86.2521
