8 minute Eastern Shore sighting included multiple changes in pattern utilizing 12 lit objects;2013-06-22 22:47:00;8 minutes;8 minute Eastern Shore sighting included multiple changes in pattern utilizing 12 lit objects Cape Charles, Virginia, Eastern Shore, USA sighting Saturday June 22 from 22:40-22:55   Witnessed by two adults including my sister, my 13-year-old niece and me. During the evening of June 22, 2013, at about 8:45pm my sister and I along with my 13-year-old niece took our golf cart out for a ride in the resort area of Bay Creek, located in Cape Charles, Virginia.   We have a vacation home in the area and they were visiting for two nights.  The resort has two 18-hole golf courses and we went for a ride for about an hour enjoying the full moon, beautiful water on the golf courses and the views of the shores of the Chesapeake Bay.   We were hoping to see the Strawberry Moon and noticed the area was very quiet except for the frogs and pond and forest creatures that were quite loud. After about an hour, our golf cart ran out of its electrical charge leaving us stranded near the clubhouse.  Without cell phones we went to the clubhouse, now closed, at about 10:20pm and asked to use the phone to call my husband or daughter who were at our beach home.  When neither answered, we decided to walk home, about 2 miles.  The evening was beautiful and it was extremely quiet as we headed towards home.  We only passed 2 cars, both police vehicles and 4 people as we walked.  We crossed over Mason Avenue into the small town of Cape Charles from the golf area and headed north on Nectarine Street passing the Catholic Church on our left and commenting that the lights were on.   At that moment we heard a rumble of thunder and started to laugh about how not only had we ran out of the charge on our golf cart and had to walk home, but now we were about to get rained upon.  We walked another block and turned right onto Madison Avenue.  At the corner of Nectarine Street and Madison Avenue my sister noticed lights in the sky that were “shaped like a rollercoaster.” She asked me what I thought they were and I said “Fireworks?” “Well maybe they are planes from Norfolk- they have a military base there.”  I did not see those lights.  At this point we heard a second rumble of thunder. I quickly looked up and saw 12 distinct orangeish-yellow glowing lights in a perfect line.  The spacing between them was perfect and they appeared to be moving as one, towards us as if to land together.  They were hovering and completely silent.   We all started to run towards them and truly were captivated and curious, not at all frightened.   At this time I felt like I was running in slow motion.  We did not take our eyes off the sky for the entire duration. The pattern slowly changed into one perfect circle, and then within a couple of seconds two flying saucer shaped objects, almost as if half the lights formed one object and the other half formed the second.   The objects still were soundless and hovering but the lights were dimmed and I saw what looked like the outline of a flying saucer.  In fact I said, “Oh my God, it’s a flying saucer”, with my eyes focused on the one on the right.  We continued to run until we reached Fig Street during which time the lights changed again, this time into 4 groups of three lights each perfectly shaped into the outline of a triangle.  The lights were glowing and light yellowish orange but very clear and distinct to easily see with the naked eye. The objects changed again into 4 groups of three lights but this time four straight lines of three lights, all in a straight row with perfect spacing in between. At this point, wanting to get a better look, we ran about 30 yards north on Fig Street towards our neighborhood and stopped at a house with a clearing and watched as each light slowly faded and disappeared in a random pattern with one remaining that flickered on and off two or three times.  At that point we noticed the rosy glow around the moon, which we thought was the Strawberry Moon, we were looking for.  The sighting took place over a thick grove of trees, which has a large field behind it, close to Route 13 North.  During the entire experience one truck passed us and we saw no one.  The entire experience seemed to last longer than the likely 7-8 minutes and I felt like everything was in slow motion.    I think the sighting was from about 10:47pm-10:55pm  We arrived back home at 11:17pm to find my husband and daughter sleeping.  We got in the car and drove straight to the police station and pounded on the door hoping they could explain what we had seen and also wondering if anyone else had reported it.  No one answered the door. We then looked up UFO sightings and found your website and called in a report. The next morning my husband drove with me to the police station and again no one answered the door.   We also drove near the forest of trees and the field behind it to see if anything was there and there was nothing. I have never witnessed anything like this before and am uneducated and uninformed about UFO’s and sightings like this.  Besides ET, I’ve never watched a movie about UFO’s. I would very much like to have an explanation or help understanding what we witnessed.  My 13-year-old niece thought another country was invading or attacking us.  I thought perhaps there was some sort of secret mission involving our military and my sister was certain of what she saw and had no explanation.   The perfect symmetry of the lights, the formations of the shapes and the silence of the experience was startling as was my emotional response of utter intrigue rather than fear or anxiety.   What started out as a light-hearted golf cart ride in the moonlight ended up as a rare and somewhat unsettling experience.;37.2824;-75.9735
