what in the heck was that?;2000-10-26 00:45:00;2 MINUTES;what in the heck was that? on thursday oct 26 at 12:45 am, a tennant and i were standing outside of the house smoking a cigerette and talking. i was looking up at the sky and observed what appeared to be a faintly lit beam of  light extending northeast to southwest across the horizon. it didn't alarm us, it was just a beam of light, probably the weather people doing something. still smoking and enjoying the night air, i was telling him that a few years back some of us witnessed a green light extending across the horizon and how sometime later this same light was reported being seen from california to new mexico. eventually the weather people admited that this was a device used to measure something or another, but at that time it was a secret. still looking up, he asked me if at that time did the light change its trajectory? what do you mean? i replied. look. he said. looking up i noticed that the beam had shifted from its original position since i last looked at it 15 minutes ago. it was now almost directly above us still northeast to southwest but moving at a slow perpindicular rate as if sweeping the sky. i followed the beam northeat to see how far it extended and as i was turning back, my eyes still on the horizon, i caught something out of the corner of my eye. i saw what had looked like a large triangular rock materialize out of nothing, heading from a northwest position and cruising at a descent in a south east trajectory. when i say materialize i mean i saw it come out of the sky as if traveling through a slit in the sky, its hard to explain. it didnt just appear out of nothing, it was like watching a fish jump out of the water. one minute your eyes are focused on the water and then you see the fish come out, first its head, then its body, then its tail until you see the whole thing but it all happens in a split second. it wasn,t really a true triangle either. it had a flat nose, and from its northwest position allowed me to judge the thickness of its body, very thick and blocky. the sides were angled at about one eighty but slightly rounded to meet the back. the back was straight except for two pointy tips protruding from both sides. it wasn't illuminated except for a faint orange mist underneath it, as it cruised directly above us and southeast. it blocked out the stars as it flew (flying is a bad analogy, but i dont have the words.) and made no sound. it eventually disapeared over a street lamp and i was sqinting trying to keep my focus but it was gone. let me explain that this happened over the course of a minute and that for the duration i was pointing my finger from northwest to northeast yelling look look look not knowing if my friend had caught sight of it. he didnt see it. when it was directly above us it couldnt have been more than three hundred feet, but the only way to detect it was by the blocking out of the stars. once i focused all the details were evident. the first thing i thought was that this thing was ancient. it looked like a peice of the grand canyon. the second thing i thought was this thing is heading towards toronto. the first thing i did was unlock my jeep and mark the time. 12:45 am. no missing time we joked. the next morning, half asleep, i heard the news saying that the space shuttle had landed safely and was wondering if thats what i saw. but it was tiny in comparison. the next week ny brother mentioned that as he was driving home from niagra falls on wed oct 25 at 9:00 pm , he observed a white beam of light across the sky that he tracked all the way home. today is 03/01/01 and there hasn't been a day i have'nt wondered if id see it again. id like to see it again.;43.8149537190082;-79.4313429752067
