Video taped approx. 3 minutes of stationary round object that darted on video screen.  Numerous colours.;2000-01-15 19:00:00;1 hour;Video taped approx. 3 minutes of stationary round object that darted on video screen.  Numerous colours. 2 Witnesses, husband and wife, W/M & W/F, 40 and 39 years of age.  Husbands occupation, Mechanic, Wife's occupation, Administrative.  On the night above, we were outside eating on porch, my husband was watching what he thought at first was an airplane for approximately 15 minutes.  Object was not moving closer or departing, object stayed stationary with Blue, green, red, yellow and white lights.  Wife went inside to get video camera and started filming the object.  On the film, the object was darting around the viewing lens.  The colors looked like the colors of a diamond.  Approximately 5 times, the circular object changed size.  Wife filmed 3 minutes of object and went back inside house.  Object stayed within 200 yards of original location over 1 hours time, then disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Description of the object is not inconsistent with a twinkling star.  However, that is only a guess.  PD));29.797;-81.9884
The objects seen were circular shaped, In a sequence of 3,spaced apart from one another. One is bigger and the two others are the same;2020-03-28 06:17:00;10 minutes;The objects seen were circular shaped, In a sequence of 3,spaced apart from one another. One is bigger and the two others are the same size closer together but still spaced angled downward from the bigger one.  The color of the objects are like the color of the starts but with more of a house light color.  They're similar to stars but they're not, and it's a noticeable difference.  They give off too much light and the position changes periodically and then will eventually be gone at some point.  I've witnessed them blinking too.  I've seen these objects several times.  Sometimes it's just one really bright one and sometimes there's two or 3.  If they are more than one it seems like they usually are spaced in the same kind of way and in an angle away from the biggest.  I'm not the only witness to the objects.  I've witnessed most with one other person but 8 people total in diffrent occasion have been witness to the objects.;29.797;-81.9884
