light above eastern horizon moving slowly south about 4 clicks up, due southeast.;2011-02-19 05:00:00;half hour;light above eastern horizon moving slowly south about 4 clicks up, due southeast. from my position its about 3 to 5 clicks above eastern horizon heading south slowly.  its either turning or dimming and brightening.  i can still see it.  No other lights or stars are out, its cloudy or foggy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.842296875;-88.9432820312499
Four Illusive  grayish transparent lights bouncing in patterns around each other.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights??  PD));2014-09-25 07:47:00;1 hour;Four Illusive  grayish transparent lights bouncing in patterns around each other. As I walked outside  around 7:47 (PM), I saw my neighbors pointing at the sky above my house.  There were four lights in the sky.  They didn’t have form or a craft shape.  It certainly was not flares or lanterns.  The lights bounced back and forth meeting each other in the center than bounced back away from each other at times they moved in a semi circle went back away and bounced to the center almost meeting each other. They stayed the same distance in the sky the duration, about the height of a landing airplane. I am so happy there were other witness’s! I don’t have a video camera I tried FaceTime to my daughter to see if she could also verify seeing them but she couldn’t see it through my I Phone camera. I kept wondering if it was some sort of spotlight or human device but I could not trace anything from the ground that appeared to be shining light towards the sky or any light source. I continued to go outside to see if it stopped, the event happened for over an hour stopping around 8:56 PM. At times, the lights would slightly separate and turn into two lights each but there was no pattern or count to it. Because only two would separate at a time and turn into two lights then back to one and bounce again towards the center- at times slightly traveling in a circle turning back and then bouncing in the center but the pattern was random. I did not feel fear more mesmerized wondering what it was. The most irritating thing about it was to have no way to record it. Moreover, my Nikon doesn’t have a night vision.  I am familiar with astronomy, aircrafts, satellites, etc it was nothing I could explain. I actually worried it could be orbs that are spotted before an earthquake or something. I think many would term it ghosts, because it was not a bright light it was more cloudy (transparent) grayish looking.  The circles of light were not perfect in shape were round but not exact in size in relation to one another. I continue to try to find a logical explanation for the lights, I cannot find one. I watched the sky last night September 26, 2014 to see if it happened again (they didn’t come back last night), and will continue to watch nightly to see if it comes back. I drew diagrams of how the mystery lights traveled but am sad to report I don’t have a picture or video to prove it.  I DID take notes on the event in my journal.  They were unidentifiable flying lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights??  PD));39.842296875;-88.9432820312499
