2 identically shaped objects with multiple bright lights in night sky. There was a center light with lighted &quotspokes&quot on both;2020-04-08 23:55:00;5 minutes;2 identically shaped objects with multiple bright lights in night sky. There was a center light with lighted &quotspokes&quot on both It was about 10 minutes to midnight, I was sitting in my chair in my living room and looked out toward the east and saw an object with very bright lights. It was moving fairly slowly in a southern direction. I first saw it over the golf course (east of our home) where there very few trees and continued to watch it as it progressed south beyond some trees. It was moving horizontal to the ground.  I moved to the kitchen window and then the dining room to get a better view of it and saw there was a second one, same shape, as if following it, in the same direction or path. The shape was unusual, it had a center light with what appeared to be a spoke-like pattern of straight lights extending from the center light. All the bright lights were the same size. The “spokes” or straight lines of light could be described as being at the 12:00, 2:00, 4:00, 6:00, 8:00, 10:00 positions on a clock, each line having 4 or maybe 5 lights in a straight row extending out from its center.  I couldn’t see any other shape due to the dark sky. Both objects were of the exact same design and the lights did blink.  There was no noise that I could hear.  They proceeded south then arched toward the west.  I did not see them increase speed or slow down when they were visible to me.  There is an airport in Rockford and we normally do hear airplanes overhead as well as helicopters, but these objects were large and unlike any airplane lights or helicopter lights I have ever seen.  They were in the sky much lower to the ground than any plane or helicopter I have seen fly overhead.  My husband was sleeping and I did not wake him, so I was the only one that I know of that witnessed them.  It would have taken at least the size of a fifty cent piece to have covered one of them from my view. They both appeared to be the same size.  I do not drink alcohol at all and am not taking prescription medications. I am a retired registered nurse. I do wear glasses with a very slight correction for distance and had them on during this sighting.  I did try to take a video of the lights, but only had my mobile phone camera, so it didn’t turn out well at all. It appears in the video as a sphere of light with no spokes showing in the picture. I also took it through the window, which has a screen so all I can see if a bright round sphere of light with screen wire squares dancing about in the video. The video was time stamped at 11:57pm and is 15 seconds long. Unfortunately I couldn’t hold it perfectly still so the light’s movement is probably not accurate as to its actual movement through the sky. We had the house alarm set, so I didn’t open the back door to step outside for a better video. This morning I did describe what I saw to my husband and he viewed the video. He checked our outdoor security camera and backed it up to 11:45 – midnight. At 11:53 it did pick up a bright light in the north eastern direction that was moving south seen through the trees.;42.2735770992367;-89.0522496183207
