Unidentified Balls of light fly over Belleville after 4th of July celebration.;2010-07-04 22:00:00;10 minutes;Unidentified Balls of light fly over Belleville after 4th of July celebration. On the night of the 4th of July I witnessed something in the sky that I could not explain.  Yes, I understand that everyone is shooting fireworks into the sky.  However, what I witnessed I do not believe were fireworks.   I was with a group of friends, some adults and some children.  We were firing off fireworks on a dead end street.  Lots of people in surrounding areas were doing the same. We had just fired off the last of the fireworks and things became quiet for a few minutes.  As I walked into the street I heard one of my friends say, Hey check out thos!  As I looked up into the sky, I was expecting to see some more fireworks exploding, only these did not appear to be fireworks. What I saw in the sky that night were small, round, what I considered to be balls of light.  They were a yellowish orange color.  At first there were only 2 that I could see so I continued to watch them.  They were moving constantly at the same speed from the south to the north. These objects were moving horizontally not vertically.  Everyone in our group became fixated on these things. Within seconds we saw more balls of light following. I really started to pay attention at this point.  I asked my friends if they had any idea what they were, although no one had any good ideas.  These things just kept coming from the south and fading off to the north.  I started to take some pictures on my phone because I had no idea what these were.  I don’t have a video phone so all I got was still pictures. I wanted to narrow this down to somehow explain this.  These things were not making any noise that I could tell, they all stayed in the same position as they moved by, and they were not moving! fast.  From the time you first saw one it would take at least 1 to 2 minutes until you could not see it anymore.  There was no smoke or con trails behind these objects.  They did not flash or have any lights on them.  These things were round in shape but you could not see any “hard” lines on them.  They were on what seemed to be a straight line path going from south to north. I did not count them because of the sheer volume of these things.  There had to have been over 100 of these.  They all trailed pretty close behind one another and just kept coming, yet they were not in any pattern or formation.  I would guess that these objects were trailing across the sky over the distance of at least 5 to 10 miles.  From start to finish we watched these things for every bit of 10 minutes. I actually called my girlfriend to ask her if she could see the same thing in a neighboring town, she could not see what we did.  I talked to other friends that were just about 1 mile away from us and they ! said they saw them but thought they were hot air balloons. My friends did not seem to be concerned about this and were saying that there was probably an explanation.  I myself was not satisfied with this. When I got up the next day this was all I could think about.  I started to look on the internet for answers but got none.  I have lived next to an air force base all of my life and have seen many aircraft in the sky yet what I saw that night I cannot explain and I wish I could.  I actually thought that since this was such a huge thing going on in the sky on the 4th of July that it would be all over the news and in the news paper, yet there were no news stories.  I believed that thousands of people had to have witnessed this also, there has to be video of this somewhere, and credible people had to have seen this. What I witnessed that night I still can’t explain and I am still looking for answers.  I do not assume that these were UFOs.  However until I can find out what they were they are still UNIDENTIFIED!  I remember clearly what happened that night and I am willing to tell anyone, I just want some answers.;38.5331457031249;-89.9956175781251
a quick moving fire ball in the sky.;2011-09-13 22:00:00;4 seconds;a quick moving fire ball in the sky. i was on back porch.. i phone said was 50 degrees ne of were i am. it was like a ball of fire in hyperdrive speed, was there for like four seconds and vanished, it was very obvious with flames.  was smaller than the moon , from hea appeared to be the size of a golf ball.  was moving very fast and disappeared. so amazing!i called number and reported  from right arm extended to left arm when vanished was aprox less than a ft about 8 inches.;38.5331457031249;-89.9956175781251
