Object resembling airplane light blinked in random patterns, moved strangely, then very quickly for a sec., turned red and dissappeared;2001-07-30 22:00:00;5 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Source is anonymous.  Pd)) Object resembling airplane light blinked in random patterns, moved strangely, then very quickly for a sec., turned red and dissappeared Four of us (3 guys and one girl)  were sitting on a beach (Sheffield's cove) in Jamestown, at night, and one of my friends said, I thought that airplane over there was a firefly.  So we all looked in the direction of the airplane, and sure enough it looked like an airplane flying in the distance, pretty far off.  (It was a small light)  We all thought it was funny our friend would mistake an airplane for a firefly.   It caught our interest, and we all kept staring at the airplane. It was blinking, more like pulsing,  a white light, and it was pretty dim, and there was no repetitious pattern to the pulsing, it was a completely random order.  It would blink a bit, then not blink for a few deconds, then blink a few times rapidly, and so forth, and something about it seemed odd to everyone there.  (Except one of us, who we later discovered was looking at a real airplane in the sky, and thought we were nuts. We realized he was looking way to the left of the object were staring at) I couldn't figure out if the object was moving or not, it seemed to remain motionless, but then i made the suggestion out loud to compare it to the tree level to see if it is moving right or left.  The trees were pretty far away, and there was an inch of sky between the object and the tree line from where we sat.  (You know what I mean)   So we all (except for the guy who wasn't looking in the right direction) were in agreement that it was moving to the right a bit.  But then it seemed like it was back where it had been.  We watched this thing for a few minutes, debating whether we were hallucinating or if was really was moving from side to side like this, but never the less something seemed very strange about it.  Then it obviously moved higher in the sky, before dropping back down and to the right in a very quick motion, so fast that it left a trail in our vision. It had moved about an inch to the right in the sky.  Then it was motionless again, while the three of us were all kinda freaking out and did you see that?  sorta stuff.  Then it sank below the trees, reappeared about 20 seconds later, just above the tree line, when it changed from a white light to a pulsing red light.  Then it sank back down and was gone.  It made no sounds.  The whole incident lasted 5 minutes.  It in the direction of north in the sky from were we were sitting.  Northeast slightly. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS:   I already submitted the report, but I left out the date and time, which is important I assume.  Also, it was a very clear night outside, and yes there were airplanes in the sky that night, one flying at the same time as the object we saw, this being the plane the 4th person was looking at, thinking it was the object we were all bugging about.  He made no suggestion that the plane he was staring at was acting in any strange way.));41.517;-71.379
Lights in the november sky;2005-11-01 23:00:00;2-3 minutes;Lights in the november sky It was about an hour before midnight on an unseasonably warm November first.  I was with my friend on a beach enjoying the clear sky.  The water was calm, the air cool and the stars shining.  We both witnessed a shooting star.  At first it was blue and after it broke up some, it turned green then finally vanished leaving a gray trail.  I saw a red shooting star that my friend unfortunately did not get to see. I was sitting on the beach facing east and turned my head to face north-northeast.  I first saw a flash of light, like a fat short lighting bolt with even sides.  The end of the flash bent to my left slightly, then disappeared.  What appeared then I can describe as a small dot of light.  It was an orange-yellow color and it just stayed in the same place motionless.  After a moment it started to move to my left.  At first I figured it was a helicopter, but it soon made a manuver I haven't seen a helicopter make (aviation has been a hobby of mine all my life).  It went down at a 45 degree angle to the right for a moment, then stopped.  It glowed different colors after it stopped, from yellow to orange, then the light suddenly disappeared. We both watched in amazement of what we had just witnessed.  After no more then 10 seconds the light reappeared in the same position.  This time it was shifting from red, yellow to orange (in no particular order).  The light then moved to the left, and then in front of it several different colored lights appeared.  I would say there were 3 green lights and one yellow/white light.  The formation of lights slightly resembled an airplane, but pretty soon the lights were changing formation.   More yellow/white lights appeared and the green lights went into a triangular formation.  As the lights moved to the right, my vision of them was obstructed by trees.  As the last light was just about to vanish by the trees, it violently changed colors from red to yellow/white.  The rate it was flashing was like a strobe light.  It then was gone. The objects were only round dots, like the period at the end of this sentence.   Me and my friend are both 18 years old and male.  We were only star gazing looking at constellations on a beautiful night.   A few minutes after witnessing this my friend became irrationaly afraid of a noise in the bushes behind us.  It was just a deer and nothing to be afraid of, and he knew it but he still wanted to leave the beach.  I told him to calm down and to give me a cigarette.  I layed down on the beach trying to make sense of what happened.  Halfway through the cigarette I sensed an overwhelming sense of dread and panic, basically my brain demanded that I leave the beach.  I told this to my friend and he agreed wholeheartedly.  We walked back to my house and didn't talk much of what we saw, we mainly focused on the shooting star we both saw. For some reason we both try to deny what we saw.  We told our friends but the memory is a burden, it feels like something only crazy people would talk about.  We both tried to agree to not mention it again.;41.517;-71.379
Two red/orange plasma shapes, soundless, close range for 3 minu by two witnesses one following the other by about 60 secs then vanished;2014-08-04 21:00:00;3-5 minutes;Two red/orange plasma shapes, soundless, close range for 3 minutes by two witnesses one following the other by about 60 secs then vanished About 9 PM on 8/4/15, two orange/red UFO’s flew right over head on Bull Point.  The first one came from the southwest to the northeast, and disappeared up in the atmosphere over the bay.   The second followed it a moment later, but was much lower, at least when I first saw it.  It pulsed like orange jellyfish and had no sound, but was quite bright, with a slight ocular quality like a cornea in an eye that kept pulsing.   The second one was pretty low as they passed over the hill, maybe helicopter height, floating along slow enough to see some detail in the color shifts.  Not like a mechanical ship, more like an organic life form.  The light itself was the whole entity and it wasn’t geometrically structured, but more fluid in shape.   As they disappeared, they grew smaller and seemed to have a tail, both in the same spot in the sky.  Probably accelerating up very fast.   I definitely had the sense the second one was aware of us yelling at each other to see.   I ducked in to get my camera, but when I got outside, it was trailing off.;41.517;-71.379
6 plus people witness a bright light .oving in strange directions;2020-06-28 23:00:00;1hr+;6 plus people witness a bright light .oving in strange directions Basically, 5 people plus myself were sitting out by the pool late Sunday night.  We collectively watched what appeared to be a large light moving in multiple directions without the use of jet propulsion.  After watching it zip about for a few minutes, two other lights appeared and seemed to form an equilateral triangle between the three.  We ran into the house and up to the observation tower and gathered a few more people to help us determine if what we saw was our imagination.  As we all gathered together on the lookout it seemed to have stopped moving, almost as if we had spooked it. On a side note, I was laying up in the lookout tower the next afternoon and as soon as I laid down I felt a sensation as if I had become paralyzed.  I could only move my eyes around the room. I had this sensation that there was an attempt to communicate.  Yet there was no voice or internal dialog I could still sort of understand was was trying to be said . I was lead to believe that I was going to be used as a way observation.  Similar to how people watch animals interactions in the wild on Nat Geo.;41.517;-71.379
