Chevron shaped craft flying towards north-western sky between Binghamton and Ithaca, New York.;1989-07-01 21:30:00;5-10 minutes;Chevron shaped craft flying towards north-western sky between Binghamton and Ithaca, New York. This is an update to my earlier report on the same object(s).  After speaking with my friend who was also present at the time of my sighting, she believes the date was more around 1989.  The weather was warm enough that we were not wearing jackets. We wre just leaving my parents home and were joking about the UFO reports that had been in the news lately.  When one of us looked up we were shocked to see the very thing we had just been joking about.  As stated before, the object moved from the south-eastern sky towards the north-western sky.  It was low flying, slow moving and utterly silent.  All lights were white and remained so for the duration of our sigthing.  They were led by a single light, trailed by a 4-5 other lights forming a 'V' shape.  No apparent craft shape could be seen, only the somewhat hazy lights.  The object was below cloud level and flew directly over our heads and seemed very large.  My friends guessed about as wide as the width of a football field.  As it passed over us, it continued straight and steady on its course then the lights proceeded to go out in what appeared to be a random order.  As soon as the lights were out, we had no idea where it went.  ~ Less than 20 minutes later this same evening, my friend and her parents reported the exact same thing happening again.  She lived at the time about 3 blocks west of the original sighting.  She told me it was of the same shape, size and light patterns and moving in the same way and the same direction as the sighting we had shared.  ~ Later reports in the newpapers claimed that officials said that helicoptors or military craft was in the area at that time and that is what everyone was seeing.  Helicopters flying in formation seemed to be the primary explanations, which I don't buy for a minute.  Silent, low-flying helicopters?  I don't think so.  Huge stealth aircraft moving at a snail's pace from one military base to the next?  Maybe, but still seems a long stretch of the imagination to me. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.3545333333333;-76.1937666666667
