We saw an intense light in the night sky on 06-06-2007 shaped like a cross…  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus or Jupiter??  PD));2007-06-06 22:00:00;two hours plus;We saw an intense light in the night sky on 06-06-2007 shaped like a cross with irregular long thin tenical like beams attached to an u Hi.  It is about 10:23 P.M. on June 06, 2007.   My husband and I are both educators with Masters Degrees.    I am describing an object that my husband and myself both see in the sky that has very bright pulsating lights that appear to have a shape not unlike a cross.  Long thin irregular  beam-like tenical shapes radiate out in several directions with one of the beam-like shapes splitting on the end not unlike a strand of hair with a split end.  The beam-like shape with the split end appears on the left side of the aircraft as we are viewing it looking up into the sky.  It is fascinating to look at.  The craft has a muted haze around it and is moving very very slow in what seems to be a westward direction.  Red lights appear on the top side of the craft then disappear and then blue lights appear near to the red light area and disappear as well.  They appear to be attached to something my husband describes as tenicals hanging down.  The aircraft appears to be quite huge.  The bottom has dark shapes and helps to identify a middle shape that at certain times appears rounded.  It appears to have sides that slope upward from the bottom which at certain angles appear box-like in shape.   A red light appeared on the bottom that seemed to run in what looked like a section down the middle of its bottom.  The light appears to be 20 times brighter than our normal heavenly stars.  The craft appears visually to be large enough to hold at least 20 stars inside it.  It is huge.  At times the aircraft seemed to be hovering and tilting a little.  It also appeared to move toward us smoothly and quickly for a short distance then it would appear to stop moving towards us and continue in a westward direction. It is interesting to note that our normal heavenly stars appeared to be dim in comparison to the intense bright light coming the aircraft.  It was almost as if the aircraft was using the light from the stars to make its own light bright and the normal star’s lights to dim. In conclusion the strange aircraft was interesting and fascinating to look at and watch because it was so unusual in the light shapes and the various light activity as it hovered and slowly moved in the sky.  It moved so slowly at times that it appeared to be standing still in the sky.  My husband and nor I have ever seen anything like it.  It was incredible.  Even though no true detail could be seen like one would be able to see if it were daylight and the aircraft were to be close or whatever it was amazing to experience the indicated shapes through light and dark shapes.  I would like to know what it was.  It was a neat experience. My Husband watched it for about an hour after I came inside to report it.  He said that it was still there when he came in and seemed to still be moving slowly in a westward direction.  We are located east of the city of Morehead Kentucky in the country.  Morehead Kentucky is located in Southeastern Kentucky. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of a celestial body, we suspect.  PD));38.1989999999998;-83.4436000000001
Long line of lights moving across the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Falcon 9 satellites.  PD));2019-05-25 01:30:00;2 minutes;Long line of lights moving across the sky. I was out on Cave Run lake and saw a long line of lights moving together through the sky.  The line of lights seemed connected and had about 20 or so lights.  It moved slowly through the sky and just faded out.  I can best describe it a stream from a jet but it was a line of separately defined lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.1989999999998;-83.4436000000001
