Sighting was at 7:40 pm, Saturday December 19th, 2019, In Belleville, KS.    ((NUFORC Note:  Starlink satellites?  PD));2019-12-19 19:40:00;30 + seconds;Sighting was at 7:40 pm, Saturday December 19th, 2019, In Belleville, KS.    As I was driving west down Hwy 36 with my 12 year old daughter, I noticed a bright star/planet in the sky. Then I noticed it would fade as it traveled up in a 45 degree angle. I pulled over into an empty lot and started watching. That is when I noticed it was a pattern of lights traveling in this angle. As one Began to burn brightly above the tree line out of no where and start going up, the one before it would get lighter, the one  before that would get dimmer, and the last would burn out. My daughter stepped out from the van to see what dad was watching and started yelling, what is that? All I could say with disbelief was, I don't know... I don't know   We watched as this pattern continued for 30 seconds or more. I tried to take film, but my phone would not get a clear shot because of the street lights. It almost looked like it could be a large spinning object because the lights would just start in the atmosphere and move from south west to north west in that same angle 20 feet above the tree line. the objects were not rising from earth, but starting in the sky and ending in the upper part of the sky line. The pattern would start left and go right. and when the last Light started up, it was a bigger and brighter golden ball then the others and took longer to fade out as it went from south west to north west in night sky. it was just amazing to watch these lights start glowing out of no where and move left to right. I have included a picture I put together of what we saw and in the horizon area we watched it. best part was my daughter was able to witness this too.  My daughters report:  Dec 21 2019 Belleville KS 7:40 pm:   I thought it was weird that my father pulled over and yelled at me to get out of the car. What I first saw it as  was either a drone or a missile. But it couldn't have been a drone since it was the size of a planet. The objects seem to be going in a 45 degree angle as I was facing  west. A shooting light of objects that seemed to ba a bright glow with a fade off of blue.   They seemed to keep coming one to two seconds after each other. There seemed to be about 12 to 15 objects. They seem to have the same lighting as a roman candle. But started from the middle of the sky. They almost seemed to be a rotating item. They all seemed to be traveling in a straight line and just fade off.  The main witness,  is a vault/ funeral technician/ headstone cutter Second witness, junior high student;39.8236;-97.6213
