bright greenish blue light (unlike anything we've ever seen) moving at an incredible speed from mid sky to lower horison;2001-07-01 22:30:00;1/2 second;bright greenish blue light (unlike anything we've ever seen) moving at an incredible speed from mid sky to lower horison I'm not even sure that you guys would care about what I'm about to say.  A friend and I both saw something as we were walking across the street heading towards a gas station.  We did not receive any signals from outer space or anything like that but we both know what we saw was NOT a firecracker, airplane, shooting star, or comet.  We have both seen things of that nature before.  (Note: we are not and have not been under the influence of any drugs.)  We saw an extremely bright greenish blue light that appeared directly in front of us in the middle of the sky and shot rapidly down across the sky until it disappeared as quickly as it had originally appeared.  There was a bright red trail behind the object and it made no noise (or if it did we were too far away to hear it.)  We realize that todays date is close to the 4th but we KNOW that what we saw was NOT a firework of any kind.  If you receive any other emails regarding this phenomenon, feel free to email us back.  Even if you don't, please email us back with any web pages or other sites that you think we should contact.  We believe that we know beyond a resonable doubt that we DON'T know what we saw.  We also believe that it was NOT any of the things that commonly could have been mistaken for it.  We have seen all the FOX specials and neither one of us believes in UFO's but we can not adequately explain what we saw by using any other word.   We are not crazy, we are just convinced we have seen something that warrants some sort of an explanation.  Please take this email seriously.  We are going to copy this email and send it to a few other sites that we think might be interested to hear what we have to say.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken to this witness, and we find him to be a quite credible and serious-minded.  Witnesses will submit a more detailed description of what it was they saw.  We believe the witness may have meant to indicate a date of July 01, not April 01.  We have altered the date here.  PD));40.5093;-88.9844
Three of us saw 3 seemingly tumbling shiny objects move leisurely across the sky,  holding in pattern briefly, then vanish to the east;2004-10-06 16:00:00;15-20 minutes;Three of us saw 3 seemingly tumbling shiny objects move leisurely across the sky,  holding in pattern briefly, then vanish to the east On October 6, 2004 I stopped at my parents' house after work to pick up some photos from a recent family event.  It was 4:00 pm and a clear, sunny day.  My dad (age 61) was across the street from his house with two neighbor girls (both under the age of five years old) and they were looking up in the sky eastward.  My dad had his binoculars and I thought he was looking at a plane or a bird.  As I got out of my car he called for me to come over and take a look at what he was seeing.  There was a jet passing overhead that was quite high in the sky, and I initially thought he was looking at the plane with the two neighbor kids.  He told me to look up toward the plane, and I did, thinking the plane was the object we were focusing on.  In actuality, it wasn't the plane, but what looked like three twinkling stars in the area of the plane.  At first I thought the plane had dropped something and that the three objects were just debris falling from the plane.  But one twinkling object was higher in the sky than the plane.  I looked through my dad's binoculars and the objects were still tiny to my eyes, but they were still twinkling exceptionally bright in the sunny daytime.  To me they each looked like a tumbling shiny polygon of some sort.  They must have been much higher in the sky than the plane because even looking through the binoculars the objects were not more than twinkling stars.  They seemed to be reflecting light, not creating their own luminescence.  My dad said something to the effect that he thought they looked like they were tumbling down to earth, and I agreed.  Shortly thereafter, we lost sight of one object (the plane was now long gone) but the higher of the two remaining objects descended an was now holding it's place in the sky diagonally down from the other object.  Both objects which had seemed to be tumbling stopped in this position for about 45 seconds.  Then one object disappeared under the tree line (my parents live in a neighborhood with tall trees everywhere).   At this point the girls' mother came out and my dad pointed out the twinkling lights to her. A few minutes later the mother took the girls inside for whatever reason.  I lost sight of the objects but my dad said he could still see one.  Since I didn't see anything anymore, I went in and got my photos and came back outside.  My dad said the last object drifted under the tree line.  He told me the objects had started out directly above him minutes before I arrived, then becan travelling slightly to the norteast (more east than north I'd say).  Since I live about a mile east of my parents, I went home hoping to see the objects lower in the sky as there are few trees in my neighborhood.  It took me about 2 minutes to get home, but I saw no more of the twinkling lights.  If I were to learn that these objects were some sort of falling high altitude debris, I could certainly believe that.  However, I would be very surprised to find out they were some kind of common man-made flying machine due to their shape, their incredible brightness in a sunny sky, the odd tumbling polygon look they had, their strange movement, and the fact that they left no exhaust or trails.;40.5093;-88.9844
