Large hovering triangle UFO seen at close distance, object followed us home,;1995-05-15 00:00:00;25 Minutes;Large hovering triangle UFO seen at close distance, object followed us home, This was about 15 years ago but a sighting none the less.  I was 17 my brother was 18 and had just graduated from high school.  We had recently moved from the bigger city of Normal, IL to a small country town called Mackinaw about 20 miles away.  We still had friends in Normal so we would often go hang out in there on weekends.  One Friday night that spring after playing cards and handing out with friends (no drugs or alcohol were consumed) my brother and I took off for home about midnight or so.  Being that we lived out of town, we had to go through a stretch of what I would call country roads to get home.  My brother was driving and as we were just on the outskirts of Normal, I started looking at the sky.  It was a very clear night and a lot of stars were visible.  As I looked up I noticed a light that looked like an airplane light blinking however it was moving around in a very odd manner.  It looked like it was dancing around the sky.  It looked like it ! was jumping from spot to spot instead of flying in a strait line like an airplane.  As I watched this light, all of a sudden I saw a red ball of light shoot out from it strait into the sky.  I started freaking out and told my brother to stop the car so he could see this light.  He did and we sat and watched this light continue to dance around in the sky.  We got kind of freaked out and started driving again towards home.  At this point we were still about 20 miles from home.  As we drove on about another two miles, we came to a stop sign.  There was a large grain elevator just accross from the stop sign to our right.  As we passed the grain elevator, we looked up and saw a large Triangle UFO hovering about 100 feet over our head.  It looked to be rotating on some kind of axis and it had lighs that looked to be circling around it.  It made no noise whatsoever.  We screamed and I yelled at my brother to get the hell moving.  The rest of the way home, this UFO hovered over our! car at about a distance of 100 feet.  All I could think of is! that we were going to be abducted by aleins at any minute.  It was such a nerve racking ride home as my brother did what he could to drive while I just watched this UFO following us.  As we made our final approach to the subdivising we had just moved to, the UFO just kept going until it was out of our view.  This encounter lasted almost 25 minutes and I still wonder what it was that I saw that night.  I can only think of theree explanations: 1. Our government is hundereds of years more advanced than they let us know about. 2. Another country is hundreds of years more advanced than we are. or 3. We are being visited by alien beings.  Those are absoluetley the only explanations possible for what I saw that night.  This was not a helicopter or a plane.  I wish I could meet more people that have had an experience like this and to share more details of our experience that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.5093;-88.9844
Triangular Space craft hovering over Normal, IL;2006-03-15 21:30:00;3 mins;Triangular Space craft hovering over Normal, IL Saw a Triangular Shaped Craft with four white lights on the sides and one red light on the bottom hovering above houses.  When I rolled down my window I didn't hear any sound.  I attempted to turn my van around but by the time I did, the craft had sped away from sight.  It drifted away slowly at first then just shot off at a very great speed.  The White lights were very bright and the craft itself was dark and seemed to be large.  It was also hovering not so high in the air, above the tree line.;40.5093;-88.9844
Slow moving triangle craft, bright white lights on sides and front, 3 rows of red lights on bottom.;2013-03-05 20:00:00;5:00;Slow moving triangle craft, bright white lights on sides and front, 3 rows of red lights on bottom. I was driving down one of the main streets of town going to my friends house and the first thing that I noticed was a very bright low light.  As it got closer to my car I noticed that it was a very large triangle shape, about 3 times the size of an airplane.   I pulled out my phone and took 5 pictures of it. The craft appeared to be black, and had white lights around the sides and on the front, and 3 rows of red lights underneath the craft.  It moved very slowly and appeared to be hovering more than flying.  I opened up my window to see if I could hear any noise and there was nothing.  There were also no blinking likes on the object, like you would see on a plane or helicopter.  I watched the craft until it disappeared behind trees about 5 minutes after I started watching it.;40.5093;-88.9844
Triangle craft with 3 lines of red lights underneath and white lights on the sides, flying at low altitude.;2013-03-05 20:00:00;5:00;Triangle craft with 3 lines of red lights underneath and white lights on the sides, flying at low altitude. I was driving down one of the main streets of town going to my friends house and the first thing that I noticed was a very bright low light.  As it got closer to my car I noticed that it was a very large triangle shape, about 3 times the size of an airplane.  I pulled out my phone and took 5 pictures of it.  The craft appeared to be black, and had white lights around the sides and on the front, and 3 rows of red lights underneath the craft.  It moved very slowly and appeared to be hovering more than flying.  I opened up my window to see if I could hear any noise and there was nothing.  There were also no blinking likes on the object, like you would see on a plane or helicopter.  I watched the craft until it disappeared behind trees about 5 minutes after I started watching it.;40.5093;-88.9844
Triangle of 3 lights moving west in the sky just west of Normal Illinois.;2021-02-23 04:40:00;10:00;Triangle of 3 lights moving west in the sky just west of Normal Illinois. Triangle of 3 lights;40.5093;-88.9844
