Large circular object appears and disappears in place in broad daylight in a clear blue sky.;2006-05-15 14:00:00;3 seconds;Large circular object appears and disappears in place in broad daylight in a clear blue sky. I am posting this 6/29/2012.  I am now 72 and this odd incident happened about six years ago. It was about two in the afternoon (in April or May of 2006 as best I can recall).  The weather was warm, with clear blue sky, no clouds at all. I was alone in my car driving south on Intersate 5 somewhere to the north of Esparto California.  I was doing about 70 mph.  Through my windsheld I suddenly noticed a stationary object dip into view and then right itself, as it righted itself it disappeared in place.  This sighting lasted only about 3 seconds. No lights were visible, and there was no sound, however the edges of the object were &quotfuzzed&quot and indistinct.  As far as I could tell the object was saucer-shaped, as if two dinner plates on top of each other and separated by a wall between them.  The front of it tilted down approx 15 degrees from horizontal and then immediately tilted back up again and disappeared as it did so.  It was a smooth motion and seemed appropriate to it's size - not a jerky motion.  My impression was that it was a very large object, possibly two football fields in diameter and it seemed to be about 500-1000 off the ground! , no more than that.  It seemed to be about a mile or two distant from me on the west side of the highway.  I had to chuckle because I had the distinct impression that somebody inside had made an error and had to quickly correct the tilt.  It seemed to me a &quotcloaking device&quot had developed a problem.  A second impression later was that this object was half-in and half-out of this dimension, odd as that may sound, since I have absolutely no experience in either cloaking devices or extra dimensions.  I did not pull over or stop because the object had disappeared completely and all I could see was clear blue sky, although I did keep looking as I passed the area.  As I said, the duration of this sighting was no more than 3 seconds.  As I drove further I thought that maybe it had been just a reflection in my windshield of something inside my car, so I tried to re-create a reflection with no luck.  The object itself seemed to be tan/dark tan colored, I coud see no markings, windows or any detail at that distance.  My car is tan and has a tan interior, so that should be taken into consideration when considering a reflection of some sort.  My own out-loud reaction when I noticed the &quotobject&quot was &quotWhat the hell is that!&quot.  As soon as I finished those words it was gone or disappeared.  There was no noise or lights associated with the object.  There are large electrical transmission towers in that general area.  I am uncertain that what I saw was anything more than a random reflection in my windshield, but I have this sneaking suspicion it was exactly what it seemed to be.  I've never seen a &quotUFO&quot before or since, and I'm not really a fan of UFO stuff.  But it wouldn't surprise me if such a thing existed.  But I'm not holding my breath. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.7044;-122.0189
