Orange ball of light when noticed, became dark, had white and red strobe lights and pursued me;2005-10-31 02:15:00;5-7 minutes;Orange ball of light when noticed, became dark, had white and red strobe lights and pursued me I was walking uphill on a main road in my city at night. A very quiet and still night, no traffic. Listening to my walkman, I turned my head to the right to the overlooking valley during a clearing in the trees facing south towards NYC. I Immediately notice a thick orange-colored ball of light heading north in my direction seemed like a low-flying plane still a few minutes away. I thought I heard a young male voice shouting under his breath: Hey!. The way somebody might say boo!. It was definitely not from my walkman which set to AM, but from inside my head like FM-style of broken audio interference. Ignored it and kept walking further (west), until the next available view over the valley twenty seconds or less from there.  So I look to find the orange light already passing over the street, behind me, where I just walked. Something didn't feel right, so I stood watching it still flying north at reasonable speed. Then, the craft seemed to slow down as it was perpendicular to me, and then sped up to do an incomplete U-turn and stopped dead in one spot. At this point it is 40 degrees up in the sky or so, and I'm curious. There was no sound.  The craft then moved diagonally down-right in the sky to a lower point, but seemed closer at the same time. The orange color was gone, and it was dark and blinking a white light and a red light. Blinking white, white, red, could not detect any pattern to the flashes. Now I was getting very very nervous and started to take a few steps backward further up the hill in the direction I was originally going. Then jogged a few more paces and turned right onto a side street and waited behind a house which covered that part of the sky completely.  It swung to the right of the house, (west). It was definitely under one thousand feet up, and seemed small. Only could make out the flickering red and white lights, and a reddish glow that would brighten and darken as it moved. The lights seemed higher up on it, and the glow was on the bottom part of it. Watched it for 15 seconds or so, and became scared beyond belief and made a run for it, looked behind a few times and it was pursuing, swinging wildly left and right to keep a view of me. I turn another two corners in my run and stopped to get my bearings. It was nowhere in the sky to be seen.  Feeling jittery and worried for my safety, I walked for a good 20 minutes. Constantly checking the sky, listening to the radio and trying to calm down. Finally returned home, and sat down to relax calm myself. Probably was in shock, but was fine in a few hours.;40.9350396475772;-73.8662678414097
I was sitting on my back porch listening to music at around 10pm EST. It was such a clear night that, when I looked directly up to the;2017-09-23 22:00:00;8-10 minutes;I was sitting on my back porch listening to music at around 10pm EST.  It was such a clear night that, when I looked directly up to the sky, I could see a few stars.  I saw this one star that was brighter than the others directly above me that was slightly north of the other four stars next to it. Approximately five minutes went by and I looked up again.  That is when I saw a green light.  It was the size of a dot and only slightly larger than the bright star I was looking at just a few minutes before.  It appeared to be very high in altitude in the night sky.  It was to the left of the bright star that was slightly north of the other stars in the sky. This green dot was flashing.  The green color was as vivid in color as a traffic light. The flash was one flash per second.  Again, this was directly over where I was sitting. I went inside to call my neighbor in order to get a second witness, but she was not home.  I came back outside thinking the object had gone away, but it was still there.  It then moved to the right slightly blocking the bright star. The green flashing dot all of a sudden changed to a red flashing dot. Same tempo of flashes and red color as vivid as a stop light.  For approximately one minute it flashed red and then slowly drifted east all the while flashing.  It moved east until the tall oak trees in my yard blocked my vision of  the object in the sky.;40.9350396475772;-73.8662678414097
