Silent rectangular football field sized object fling at about 1000 feet with 6 groups of lights on bottom and across stern;1987-10-15 21:00:00;30 minutes;Silent rectangular football field sized object fling at about 1000 feet with 6 groups of lights on bottom and across stern I witnessed a large platform flying diagonally northwest over the upper bourough of N.Y.C.(Bronx) and continuing diagonally across lower Westchester Co. north above the Huson River valley, specifically over the city of Yonkers in the fall of 1987 (?) . I was heading home from a visit to my sister in Long Beach, Long Island, and I was travelling due north on the Bronx River Parkway into Westchester. As I pulled around the 180 degree turn off the north bound Bronx River Parkway(while facing due south for a moment), I immediately saw what at first seemed like jet far to south over the congested sprawl of the Bronx. As I to continued due west on the Cross County Parkway, I could spot the usual lights of other planes as the N.Y. metro area has lots of air traffic.  I couldn't help but notice viewing this same object to the south as it was getting closer and seemed to be travelling approximately in the same direction as I. It looked at first like a horizontal line of lights as a large well lit jumbo jet I said to myself, gee,  wouldn't it be great if that were a UFO. As I continued on the Cross County Parkway west, I could see it was gaining on me, and our path's were intersecting. When decending down the hill to where the Cross County joins the Saw Mill Parkway, I was startled as I looked up to see, getting closer and closer from my car window, an object about 1000 feet up that was a flat, black rectangle with six groups of lights configured  in a triangular pattern. The six groups of multi-colored lights were symmetrically placed in rows that were evenly spaced along this football field sized rectanglar object. 2 groups in the front, 2 in the middle, and 2 in the rear spread out and disernable as groups. Each group of lights was of a slightly different tint or color, mostly whiteish with some being pinkish or reddish. It was generally an overcast night with some low level visibility which explains why I could have seen it so far away at first. I distinctly remember that it was also a moonless night. The large rectangular shape was clearly defined against the muddy low cloud cover as illuminated by the omnipresent static greenish-pink urban glow. This thing was not a group of planes or a blimp. It was a solid rectanular platform, and I descibed it to others as being easily as big as a football field. It also struck me odd that it was completely silent. I estimated that it was travelling at about 60 MPH as I slowed my car to almost a stop  with my head sticking out the window looking up in amazment. There were other cars slowing down and pulling to the shoulder to watch it also. As my route north up the Saw Mill Parkway was heading directly in it's trail, I watched as it travelled northwest diagonally over Yonkers with it's distinct 6 red rear lights stretching it's stern width. I don't think it was moving much faster than a car, as I visually followed it's path over the low land valley of Yonkers over the ridge while towards the Hudson River. This is a very hilly ares with multple views, even the far horizon of the palisades with it's famous FM tower to the west. I quickly manuvered through the back street and up the hill to my destination as I was on my way to my grandparent's  house which sits high on a hill, and commands a great view of the Hudson River, Palisades and the Hudson valley to the north. The six 6 red lights across it's stern were clearly visible for at least 20 minutes as it cruised north up over the Hudson. The next day the local paper had some story about a UFO or Strange Lights observed by numerous people. I was confused by the story, because it seemed un-related to me as the people interviewed  described it as being greenish in color. Also, I found it strange that the news story mentioned that the sighting location was over the vicinity of the town of Ardsley which is further northeast. I've told this story to a lot of people over the years, and I'm telling it to you the same way.  I can remember this incident as vividly as if it had happened yesterday and I swear it to be true. I always assumed that it was some U.S. government flying platform possibly on it's way the the Air force field at Newburg  N.Y. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in October 1987 is approximate.  PD));40.9350396475772;-73.8662678414097
Silent football field of lights that could be seen for miles;2008-03-17 22:00:00;10min;Silent football field of lights that could be seen for miles Driving south on the Hutchinson River Parkway, from Connecticut, I noticed a light in the sky.  It didn't appear to be moving so I kept watching it.  My sister was driving and my mom was in the back seat.  I did not say anything at first because I just figured it was a plane.   As we approached the access to the Cross County Parkway, I finally asked my sister to look through the trees to see if she could see something.  We rounded the bend and it was right above us. We pulled off to the side of the road and got out.  As we did this, about 6 other card pulled off behind us.  We all got out of our cars and watched this object.  It seemed to be as large as 2 football fields.  It was not moving and there was no sound.  I believe the lights were white. We all watched about 5 minutes until it began to leave.  It went north, some people tried to follow in their cars.   I went home, called the radio station, and they said they had about 80 calls so far.  The official report the next day said that it was light aircraft, flying in formation.  My mother, my sister, and myself had never really believed in UFO'S, but we know what we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in original report was flawed.  We have assigned an arbitrary date in 2008.  PD));40.9350396475772;-73.8662678414097
