Orange light appeared in the north-eastern sky over Cottage Grove, disappeared and reappeared several times.;2008-06-18 22:00:00;40 mins;Orange light appeared in the north-eastern sky over Cottage Grove, disappeared and reappeared several times. I was waiting for the moon to rise with my sister on a hill in Cottage Grove, Oregon,  when I noticed a bright orange light in the north-eastern sky. The light seemed to grow brighter and dimmer slightly and at a constant rate as we watched it. It also seemed to move slightly but I can’t be sure because it might have been my eyes. My sister says she saw it move side to side, back and forth slowly. After we watched it for about 3 minutes, it started to get dimmer and suddenly moved up and to the right quickly and faded out completely. As we were walking home I called my friend who lives out of town to the south-east toward Cottage Grove lake. I described what we witnessed. He said he was looking out the window and could see it as well. I believe it was to the east when he saw it. I looked but could see nothing out of the ordinary in the sky. He watched it with me on the phone for at least a half an hour. He said he might have seen jets flying toward it at one point. He said he saw it disappear and reappear multiple times. He also saw it moving quickly in different directions. The entire time it was an orange light. No shape could be discerned and altitude determination was difficult due to it appearing similar to a star. I believe there was only one, but there could have been more since it disappeared several times.  I trust my friend completely and do not believe he would ever lie to me.;43.7831;-123.0507
Extraordinary bright and large light seen a few seconds apart in two different directions in the night sky.;2020-10-27 21:00:00;3 seconds;Extraordinary bright and large light seen a few seconds apart in two different directions in the night sky. I was sitting in our hot tub around 9 pm on Tuesday evening on 10/27/2020. Because of the deck with overhead roof where the hot tub is located, I can get a clear view of the entire northern and western skies from my vantage point.  I was gazing up at the clear night sky, and despite some light pollution, there were stars visible.  As I continued to star gaze, I saw in the northwest direction an extraordinary light, much larger than any shooting star, comet, or meteor that I’ve ever seen.    It appeared more like an explosion out of no where, with no sound that lasted about 3 seconds, then gone.  As I stared in total awe of this bright light,  about 4 seconds later I witnessed that same extraordinary explosion type light much farther west and south of the initial light.   This 2nd light was quite a distance away, and felt like a quicker flash than the first light before vanishing.  It almost seemed in that instant that it’s trajectory was straight up.  I have spent many nights star gazing.  My previous residence was in a remote location within a few miles from a national forest boundary where light pollution was non existent.  It truly was a place where one would describe as a black velvet night with millions upon millions of sparkling gems.  In all of my years of seeing meteors/comets, shooting stars, and various satellites, I have never seen a light flash such as what I witnessed last night.;43.7831;-123.0507
