Orange golf ball ufo's fly over Dorena Lake.;1985-06-18 13:00:00;10 sec.s;Orange golf ball ufo's fly over Dorena Lake. My friend and i were fishing at the spill way in the river at Schwartz Park, Dorena Lake. We both happen to look up at the same time over the lake at a flock of ducks or something. When 7 orange golf ball looking ufo's flew over our position, over about the middle of the lake. 3 smaller ones followed by a larger one that stoped for a few seconds, then 3 more right behinde it. Like a string of pearls they flew over the top of Mt.Sara Gordo. No sound at all. They looked like golf balls because each dimple was shaped like a honey comb cell. Hexogn sided with an orange globe light set in it. My friend freaked! He reeled up as fast as he could and took off towards his truck. I stayed there for a minuet and said to him wait, lets see if the come back. He was gone down the road so i had to go also because he had the ride. Couldn't belive it when he said to me  don't tell anybody cause they'll think we're crazy. I've never seen any thing like that in any ufo documentorys on tv. End of story, thanks. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.7831;-123.0507
Three unknown objects,  hovering over Southern Oregon at about 9:05pm, 10-23-08, were witnessed by four women.;2008-10-23 21:05:00;20 minutes;Three unknown objects,  hovering over Southern Oregon at about 9:05pm, 10-23-08, were witnessed by four women. Just before pulling into my sister's driveway in rural area in southern Oregon, we spotted 3 distinctly pumpkin orange roundish lights hovering, and thinking at first, that they may have been glowing ash from a pile of burning leaves, we realized as soon as my car was stopped that was not the case.  We simultaneously asked each other what the heck they were?  At first I thought they were well-lit hot air balloons, but hot air ballons don't maneuver like these objects did.  I parked my car about 50 yards from the house, asked her to go get someone to see this--she went next door, two other women joined us-also wondering what was happening.  The objects were moving in a kind of chase me pattern (in a circle) pretty much above our heads (hard to tell how high), there was absolutely no sound.  The objects seemed to occasionally give off a thin beam, first one, then another--no pattern to it at all.  They moved slowly, then sped up, turning effortlessly.  They appeared to be roundish, somewhat glowing, and sometimes stood perfectly still,  sometimes gliding for a short distance, then coming back around to where the four of us stood.  After about 12 minutes, one of the objects went south, very very slowly...the other two went in a northwesterly direction, sometimes stopping and dropping what appeared to be large sparks from either the top or bottom.   The object that was headed south, kind of pulsated for about 7 minutes, then was simply gone.  The two headed NW would stop, start, ascend, descend, appear to come back, then go NW again.  The way they maneuvered was not like anything I had seen before.  After they dropped the sparks, they moved farther away at a very slow rate, then one blinked completely out, and about a minute later, so did the last one.  I had not ever experienced any sighting this close, this clear in my life.  I enjoy watching tv shows about UFO's but never really saw something I could not explain.  My sister, who is very down to earth (excuse the pun) and rational,! was als o mystified.  I was a bit scared, most likely due to the unknown nature of whatever it was.  The other two ladies that saw these objects were good, solid citizens, not taken to drinking (none of us had anything stronger than lemonade prior to this sighting), and pretty reliable. I keep thinking, we couldn't possibly be the only people to see this phenomenon!;43.7831;-123.0507
