A huge, gilver coloured pair of wings, with undereath protuberances, about 2ft long, rather like a gold ingot.;1997-08-12 00:20:00;30 secs;A huge, gilver coloured pair of wings, with undereath protuberances, about 2ft long, rather like a gold ingot. There was a sighting on consecutive nights. The sky was starry and very clear. Five people saw a pair of scalloped wings cross the sky from NE to SW, on Aug 12th. Then I person had a much closer encounter on the following eveing. The object passed over my head at about 50 ft. It stretched across my yard, the ditch and part of the highway . Approximately 50ft.It was a cross between siklver and gold colour, or a light beige, and it had umerous protuberances on the underside. It was more like a boomerwng shape, with scallops on the insides of the wings.;50.4718;-104.4191
seen when observing the Perseid meteor shower august 1997;1997-08-12 00:30:00;1min.;seen when observing the Perseid meteor shower august 1997 this object was seen on two consecutive nights\morning. the first sighting was observed by 5 people, the second by me alone. The object was in the shape of two wings almost boomerang shape and was beige in colour. the first night the object, soundlessly flew across the sky from N.E. to S.W. at a high altitude. The second night it flew alarmingly low over my back yard. In fact I wrote a letter to our local air force base complaining that it scared me by flying so low as I thought it was an experimental aircraft. We had a lively correspondence and denials not on radar etc. When I sent a sketch the colonel himself phoned me and we had a very interesting discussion.there was no sound and no lights nor any call signs on the object. It went extremely fast and as it was rather high at the first sighting it was difficult to estimate size althiugh it looked much larger than a 747. The second sighting scared the heck out of me as it came without so much a swish over my backyard and the road at the other side of the fence. It could have been 30-50 feet across because I do not know how high up it was. It seemed to me that it cleared the street light by about 20-30ft. I really can not say with any certainty, all I know is that it totally unnerved me to the extent that I ran into the house and locked the door. I have never seen anything like this in my life and I am glad others saw it too. The object had none of the characteristics logged on your list. It was silent and looked like two backswept wings with scalloped edges,plus it had random protuberances on the under side. It scard me. It may have been an experimental aircraft althoiugh this was denied, nor had it,according to the airforce base, been recorded on radar. The base is 60 miles from and i am used to seeing aircraft flying about. They had been flying earlier that night too.I also phoned my local commercial airport about 12 miles away and they had no radar confirmaton of anything like I had seen. It was laughingly suggested that perhaps it was Alien. I did n! ot think it was funny. Incidentally about 60 miles north a crop circle was found the next day and many plants in my yard had mutations. The object I saw was travelling from east to north west. Both nights were very clear and cool.;50.4718;-104.4191
