3 Red Lights slowly flew over South Suburbs of Chicago at 1am 1Oct05, then disappeared one at a time.;2005-10-01 01:00:00;about 15 minutes;3 Red Lights slowly flew over South Suburbs of Chicago at 1am 1Oct05, then disappeared one at a time. We all saw 3 red lights in a triangular pattern.  We saw directly West of us, about 40 degrees above the horizon.  We do not know how long they had been in the sky before we saw them.   They were moving directly East (090 heading) slowly.  It was difficult to tell if they were moving at first.  The lights were the brightest objects in the sky, the moon was not visible.  They did not light up the sky, but they were much brighter than any stars.   We were able to see stars between the lights, verifying that it was not one large craft.   We also saw between 3-4 shooting stars in the general vicinity of the lights, which is odd for a suburb this close to Chicago.   One light disappeared at about  70 degrees above the West horizon.  They passed directly overhead, then a second disappeared at roughly 70 degrees above the East horizon.  The final one disappeared about about 45 degrees above the East horizon.   The lights passed us over in complete silence.  The event lasted approximatley 15 minutes.  The lights were constant, and were only red.  Not any civilian aircraft, which have red/green nav lights, and usually strobes.   The speed was very difficult to judge, because altitude was difficult to judge.  The brightness of the lights implied that they were not very high, but the speed implied that they were not very low.  Very difficult to judge.   We reported the sighting to the Midlothian Police department at 1:06 AM (NUFORC Note:  All reports of the two sightings (23:15 hrs., 30SE05, and 01:10 hrs., 01OC05) from Illinois will be passed along to Dr. Mark Rodighier, Director of the CENTER FOR UFO STUDIES, Chicago, as well as to Mr. Dave Marler, State Director of the MUTUAL UFO NETWORK for the State of Illinois, who will pass them along to his Field Investigators in the Chicago area.   We would be most grateful if witnesses to this event would please submit a detailed report of their sighting, using the ONLINE REPORT FORM on our website, and we will pass those reports along to those two investigators above.   PD));41.6286;-87.6861
