Serpentine UFO over Port Charlotte, FL Christmas Eve;2011-12-24 20:50:00;15 minutes;serpentine UFO over Port Charlotte, FL Christmas Eve While visiting with my parents, the three of us witness what at first appeared to be a V shaped aircraft traveling from the east and headed in a westerly direction.  The object was outlined in blue and violet lights.  As it was traveling just above tree level and passed directly overhead, we could see that it was actually changing shape, and it was making no noise what so ever.  I watched through a set of binoculars as this object began to change both shape and altitude, more closely resembling a snake or a string of christmas lights serpentining it's way through the sky as it gained altitude. The witnesses included myself, a housewife and mother, my mother who works for a prominent surgeon in the area, and my father, an established businessman in the area.  This same object was also seen by my husband from his location at our home, several blocks away from my parent's house;26.9881110091743;-82.1173532110092
Port Charlotte Florida large procession of lights in various colors moves slowly in a loose, linear formation.;2012-01-01 00:10:00;15 minutes;Port Charlotte Florida large procession of lights in various colors moves slowly in a loose, linear formation. The night sky was clear.  First sighted heading west – began as a triangle formation of three white “star” sized lights moving very slowly.  Next we noticed some lights were following behind the triangle.  Formation began to change to a somewhat wide cluster, dispersing the triangle shape of three lights at the front of the movement of lights and appearing as if they were all just part of a tight constellation of stars, almost imobile but still some small movement westward.  Anyone looking up at this time may have thought it was just a concentrated area of stars and thought nothing of it for the several seconds or minute it was formed this way.  The lights (at least 20, probably more) then began moving, still very slowly but more noticeably, and forming a narrower line formation which then curved strongly to head north-northwest.  They seemed to be flickering now in different colors occasionally as green, blue, red, and white, but mostly white, as they passed almo! st directly above us.  Sometimes an occasional brighter flaring of color would come from one of the lights and sometimes they were no more than an average star brightness in white.  The catepillar-like loose, linear formation of lights continued north-northwest until they became too far away and 'dim' to continue to track.  There was no sound no aircraft sounds.  The entire sighting lasted about 10 to 15 minutes.  We called our neighbors over to view – 3 adults and one minor child.  Upon first sight of the “constellation-like” scattering formation, our neighbor thought it was just that, a cluster of stars, until he realized they were moving, and continued to watch the procession of lights changing formation and moving in the sky above us. Backgrounds of some observers: Hotel Maintenance, Registered Nurse, Telecommunications / Systems Designer, Web Site Designer;26.9881110091743;-82.1173532110092
