The object appeared to change shape as if made of plazma and was very fast;2001-06-26 14:45:00;35sec.;The object appeared to change shape as if made of plazma and was very fast The crafts were in an Octagonal formation each point representing a ship they were moving too slow to be comercial or privatly owned aircraft they then changed from triangular shape to a diamond like shape and departed at an alarming speed they were completely silent and were seemingly un-afraid of attention Im still in shock!!!!!;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Stationary then bopping bright object with flashing red lights over Quebec, Canada.;2015-03-05 19:00:00;2 hours;Stationary then bopping bright object with flashing red lights over Quebec, Canada Last night about 7:30 pm, March 5, 2015, I had a sighting of a UFO over Quebec, Canada, along the Ottawa River.  I am the river from the UFO, so had a good vantage point. I was watching tv, and something caught my eye in the sky over Quebec..  At first it looked like a star.  I had heard one of the planets was bright last night so figured that was what it was but something moved on the bright light so I continued to watch and it was obvious it was not a star because a red light kept circling the bright white light itself. The object was not moving at all - it stayed in one spot high in the sky in the same location but this red light kept either circling the white light or flashing - hard to tell at the great distance -but  was definitely a red light or two red lights.  I watched this object for at least an hour and then all of a sudden I realized it was moving westward but super slowly.  It also started to sort of bob in the air - up and down in jerky motions but not far down - just a little - kind of comical really.  It would bop a bit then move slightly to the east but it didn't move like a plane or helicopter, just sort of jerky little lines between the bopping. I realized a few minutes later that it in fact was heading north straight into Quebec and as it went deeper into Quebec it seemed to be more red than before.  Within about 20 minutes it was just a little pinprick of a red light and then it was gone. There was no sound at all and it did not move like any aircraft I have ever seen. I woke up early the next morning, today March 6th at 5am and I was stunned to see it again, in the same place over Quebec where I had first seen it.  Again it stayed in one spot for about a half hour and when I returned to the window that half hour later it was totally gone. Now I should report, at this point, that I had another sighting of 2 orange balls in the sky about 2 years ago that I reported to this site as well.  Sorry I don't remember the exact date,  I mention this because both these sightings were in the same general area of the sky over Quebec, Canada. Clearly something is going on that attracts them to that one spot and when I think back that first sighting was around the same time in the evening too, around 7:30pm. I didn't realize that there is a full moon and I guess it was last night as well.  Interesting timing to see something like this.   It was pretty exciting.  I am trying to see if anyone else saw this phenomenon but so far I don't see any other reports.   Hard to believe, it was stunning but you did have to watch for a bit to see the action.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
