Small cloud with energy ball of lightning (like the sun) inside. And the other side 3  spinning orbs.;1981-06-01 19:30:00;5MIN;Small cloud with energy ball of lightning (like the sun) inside. And the other side 3  spinning orbs. Small cloud at twilight, laying low couple km above barn in feild 500 ft away.  Inside cloud an energy ball of lightning at one side and 3 spinning orbs, (red,blue,yellow) moving,rotating around each other on other side of small cloud.  My 2 relatives and I watched, I got scared and stopped watching. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Date may be approximate.  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Fireball Sighting;2004-03-21 19:37:00;3 seconds;Fireball Sighting Two witnesses driving on Rosebella street with my son, between Conroy road and Bank, going towards Bank, I saw a blue green fireball with a trail behind, going almost as fast as a shooting star. It looked like going down to earth in a South-West direction, I lost it behind the houses, awaiting a big crashing noise but nothing at all. I first saw It at about the same altitude as commercial planes usually fly when they are on approach to the Airport, it happened so quickly that it is really hard to be precise with the altitude but this is what I remember. I decided to go to the back road of Ottawa Airport since the ball was seen going toward it. No sign of the event but a few cars driving around the airport in the same direction. I'm sure lot of people saw it, this is a very clear night, crystal clear with a few light clouds floating quickly pushed by the strong wind. I'm sure the Airport radar caught it and the Canadian Forces station Letrim too, these two being very close from the place we were at the moment. Two big commercial airplanes size of a Airbus 320 arrived at the moment I was on the airport back road Letrim and there were some more on approach from a distance.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of the fireball seen over Canada.  Please see the following URL:  http://www.canada.com/calgary/calgaryherald/news/story.html?id=229bcf98-ae28-497c-a1c1-0d838c277148 We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing this report.  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Blue Green  FireBall  Flying close to the Ottawa Airport and the Canadian Forces Base;2004-03-21 19:37:00;3 seconds;Blue Green  FireBall  Flying close to the Ottawa Airport and the Canadian Forces Base Driving on Rosebella street with my son, between Conroy road and Bank, going towards Bank, I saw a blue green fireball with a trail behind, going almost as fast as a shoothing star. It looked like going down to earth in a South-West direction, I lost it behind the houses, awaiting a big crashing noise but nothing at all. I first saw It at about the same altitude as commercial planes usually fly when they are on approach to the Airport, it happened so quickly that it is really hard to be precise with the altitude but this is what I remember. I decided to go to the backroad of Ottawa Airport since the ball was seen going toward it. No sign of the event but a few cars driving around the airport in the same direction. I'm sure lot of people saw it, this is a very clear night, cristal clear with a few light clouds floating quickly pushed by the strong wind. I'm sure the Airport radar caught it and the Canadian Forces station Letrim too, these two being very close from the place we were at the moment. Two big commercial airplanes size of a Airbus 320 arrived at the moment I was on the airport backroad Letrim and there were some more on approach from a distance. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of the fireball seen over Canada.  Please see the following URL:  http://www.canada.com/calgary/calgaryherald/news/story.html?id=229bcf98-ae28-497c-a1c1-0d838c277148 PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Bright object see moving over Ottawa, Ontario it 'flared' three times during the brief sighting by three witnesses.;2004-06-05 23:53:00;1.5 - 2 seconds;Bright object see moving over Ottawa, Ontario it 'flared' three times during the brief sighting by three witnesses. June 5, 2004 at 23:53 my wife, my sister and I were out with a telescope that we got at Christmas. We were in Charing Park in the Craig Henry area of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.  The night was partly cloudy, mostly clear skies. We were facing directly at Jupiter, we had been viewing it with the telescope. I just now checked the evening sky map at skymaps.com and found Jupiter to have been due west of us. Earlier, I called the hotline to report our sighting, and I reported on the phone that the object was Northwest of us, but I did say that it was righ next to Jupiter. I correct myself here, for the record, it appeared just a few degrees South of due West.  All three of us were facing the right direction, at the right time. I can't speak for the other two, but I'm sure I was looking right at it the moment it appeared. It was a bright object, moving from South to North by Northwest OR from South to North with slight declination. It seemed to be moving in a slight arc, but that may have been an illusion created by its trajectory. It first appeared brighter and bigger by far than any of the stars in the sky. It appeared in the sky about as big as the eraser on the back of a pencil, held at arms length. We estimate that it was 30 to 45 degrees above the horizon, we all slightly disagree on this, but  I think it's a small enough range to consider it an accurate estimate. We all agreed that it travelled a handspan (at arms length) avross the sky, ending one fingers width south and two fingers widths below Jupiter. During this time it flared brightly three times, bright enough to illuminate a small portion of the clouds with each flare. I have been told that a bright flare from an object close above the clouds will light up a large area of cloudcover, but a bright flare from high altitudes will illuminate a smaller area in a 'beam'. This was probably the latter. It did not die out in one of the flares. It appeared, in the first instant, a constant intensity, flared, returned to original intensity, flared brighter (I think), back to original intensity, had its third flare, then a distinct period of slightly lower intensity tham at the start, before vanishing without a trace.  Two more observations that we made, but I think are suspect. We all thought it slowed down as it flared, BUT that could easily have been an illusion created by the flares. My other thought on that, and I'm not educated in this, so don't take my word for it, but maybe if it was something breaking up in the atmosphere it actually would slow down with each flare. We also thought that it may have slightly changed trajectory, its angle descending slightly with each flare, but again, perhaps an illusion.  In shape, I suppose one could call it a fireball. It had no tail, no debris could be seen coming off as it flared, but maybe if it had been daylight we would hae seen debris, or a tail. The colour, though, we had to discuss. After the event, we tried to note all the details right away, but none of us ever said What colour was it? So now, 3 hours later, I remember it being red and green, when it flared it was more red with yellow. The other two remember it as being blue/green and flaring just brighter blue/green.  So this was all very exciting, seeing a UFO, filling out this report, talking to the guy at the UFO report center. But in the end, I really don't know what we saw. I've seen pleanty of shooting stars in my life, and this was worlds apart from a shooting star. This moved way too slow, it was way too big, bright, and flashy!! On the other hand, I have no reason to thinks it's an unexplainable phenomena or a flying saucer. It made no maneuvers, no course change significant enough to be sure of, nothing to indicate that it was controlled. Though on a side note - if AVRO built an actual flying saucer that successfully lifted off, hovered and maneuvered a little then had a rough landing FIFTY YEARS AGO, imagine what 50 years of development would have done. SO I do believe in flying saucers, but not necessarily aliens. I'm pretty sure that what we saw was not a flying saucer, but we did see something. It wasn't a shooting star, it wasn't an iridium satellite flare (which I just learned about at heavens-above.com). So what was it? I gave this organization permission to contact me, so if you have any suggestions, or if you witnessed the event, report it to this website and they can contact me. I'd love to get a reasonable explanation.  OH! I almost forgot! Two last details, there was no sound associated with the sighting, air traffic seemed heavy in the area in the hours before the sighting.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Fireball Over Ottawa!;2008-05-05 05:03:00;2 mins;Fireball Over Ottawa! It has taken me sometime to write about this event that took place early in the morning. My job has me seeing a lot of planes coming and going but since I work the morning shift no planes leave until 6am. On this particular morning while working my first flight. I just happened to look in the sky to my amazement I could see a bright object travelling east. Not to sure as to what I saw I rubbed my eyes and the object was moving quite quickly. I was scared and anxious to tell my peers but wasn’t able to grab my radio. The state of shock I was in, I was just baffled as too what I was seeing. The object appeared L shaped in pattern and just seemed to be whisking along.  As soon as some random garble came over my radio the object  then moved higher up and fire seemed to take ahold of the front of the object and disappeared completely.  It was as if the object cut a pocket into the sky  and left my sights completely. The whole duration lasted 2mins. Upon my return to my ready room I mentioned this to my supervisor, and to my surprise nothing was said in return. Since then I look up more in the sky at that time but to no objects’. I haven’t mentioned this too many people in fear that my peers will laugh or even worse.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Star became a bright white light which began moving then disappeared.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Iridium satellite?  PD));2009-05-13 22:30:00;8 sec;Star became a bright white light which began moving then disappeared I am a private pilot and have flown (myself) from corner to corner of the US and Canada. I have also been a member of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada. I am quite familiar with observing various aircraft at various altitudes, meteors, fireballs, as well as tiny polar orbital satellites. Last night, Wednesday 13th of May 2009, at around 10:30pm I was observing the stars out of my home's side window looking toward the north west and I saw a very unusual event. My home is situated in Orleans Ontario, a suburb of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. One of the “stars” I was looking toward became a stationary, relatively bright white light with a ring around it. It then began moving laterally from left to right, maintaining the same brightness and ring.  Then it quickly 'faded out'.  When I timed it out later, the whole event probably lasted no more than eight seconds. It demonstrated to me that to see something like this, you had to be in the right place, at the right time, looking toward the right direction. I'm reporting it here (as a UFO) because of the following reasons... If it was a natural phenomenon: it was most likely a meteor that was traveling toward me. That would explain the short duration of brightness, and the slight travel from left to right before fading out. Some haze in the sky would explain the ring around it. But why did it become very bright and remain stationary in the sky at first? And if pieces breaking off it made it change direction while it was coming down, why did it move horizontally, but not downward if it was under the influence of gravity?  If it was an aircraft: it was most likely the landing lights facing me. Once again haze would explain the ring around the central bright white light. But the white was not a 'tungsten' white, it was a pure white light. The brightening of the light and fading of the light is explainable if a rotation of an aircraft toward or away from me occurs, but how could it move laterally from left to right while maintaining the landing lights toward me. (Landing lights shine out ahead of the nose of an aircraft for the pilots to light ahead in the direction of their travel, not out from the aircraft body toward the tips of the wings). I had continued looking for a long time after its disappearance to see if any aircraft  navigational lights appeared moving along the extended path of the original white light, to no avail. Following the event I began double checking my observation by going through a mental process of critical thinking (which is stated in summary above). But as I was witnessing it in real time, I was struck with awe, or shock, and an sense that this was perhaps something that was neither man-made nor a phenomenon of nature. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Iridium satellite?  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
10 pm Saturday August 23rd Ottawa Canada 8 fireballs in a formation in eastern direction. Lasted about 5 to 8 minuets.;2014-08-23 22:00:00;5-8 minutes;10pm Saturday August 23rd  Ottawa Canada 8 fireballs in a formation in eastern direction. Lasted about 5 to 8 minuets. I saw at 10pm eastern standard time about 8 glowing orange fire balls hanging in the Eastern sky over Barrhaven, Ontario, which is located just south on the outskirts of Ottawa.  They formed a formation similar to the Big Dipper but the square was on top and the handle part was hanging lower like a tail.   I ran into the house to get my wife so that she can see them as well. Once I got back outside approximately a minute later there were only two balls left that hung there for another minute.  The  fire balls slowly disappeared like a light bulb going off set on a dimmer switch.   I'm a salesman in the electrical trade and my wife is a immigration officer for the government.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Three passes of an orange fireball object flying over Old Ottawa East in Ontario, Canada.;2015-10-02 22:30:00;15 minutes;Three passes of an orange fireball object flying over Old Ottawa East in Ontario, Canada. Clear evening, no clouds, 12 celcius, I saw à fireball like object orange in colour with a light orange plume trailing in the rear, travelling from east to West over the area of Ottawa, close to St-Paul's University.   There were three passes in total and cannot ascertain if it was the same fireball or three distinct objects.  No mechanical sounds heard.  Area is not normally à flight path for commercial airlines which made this even more noticeable.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
