Object photographed with digital camera but not seen by the naked eye.;2003-08-21 16:30:00;seconds;Object photographed with digital camera but not seen by the naked eye. On the above date I went up on the roof of the apartment building we manage, it's a ten story building, to take some sample shots with a small digital camera we purchased from Radio Shack. The idea was to take a series of shots of the Ottawa skyline panning right to left, from East to North East, snapping the pictures in quick succession less than a second apart. The sun was behind me in the West and  high in the sky creating perfect lighting conditions for photography. It should be noted here that I saw absolutely no craft, bird, balloon, kite or anything that could explain what showed up on one of the pictures. When I got back downstairs to our apartment I downloaded the pictures to our computer and proceeded to go over them one by one. When I got to picture 31 there was a small blur in the center of the picture which appeared to be moving from south to north in the same direction as the pictures I was taking. I checked all of the other pictures in case it was a hair on the lens or some other such anomally and found nothing, all the pictures were crystal clear. This object appeared to be about two kilometers from my position and at an altitude of about one hundred and fifty feet, our building is about one hundred and ten feet high and it appeared to be slightly higher than my line of sight. What interests me is the fact that I didn't see it with my own eyes, secondly, that the pictures taken right before and immediately after, less than a second apart, on the same plane do not have the same image on them. I can only surmise that if this was indeed a UFO it had to be going so incredibly fast that the human eye would not be able to capture or register mentally the image but that the camera did. Given that it is not an expensive digital camera the resolving power is much less than that of a more expensive camera with more pixels. I have toyed with the picture with a picture publisher program but my best efforts couldn't resolve more than some sort of a flat, blurred, dark object. In conclusion, it sure looks real but who's to say for sure.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
3 brilliant flashes seen over East Ottawa;2012-05-14 23:00:00;1-2 minutes;3 brilliant flashes seen over East Ottawa Don’t know what I just saw. It was 23:00hrs. I was out in my backyard having a cigarette before bed. I was looking at the stars when I noted an obvious satellite travelling along a SSW to NNE vector. It passed just parallel along the bottom of the entire length of Ursa Major. That’s when a large pulse of light caught my eye a bit further east of the satellite.  It was a large bright pulse or flash of white light. I scanned for it expecting to see a plane and its running lights.  I couldn’t hear any engines since I expected it to be a small private plane at lower altitude given the size of the flash.  Thinking that the pilot was turning the interior lights on and off. I couldn’t see any usual running lights.  Then (about 10 or 15 seconds after the first flash) there was another flash or pulse, which took place in another spot further along what appeared to be a linear course, travelling away from my position. It was running in a SSW to NNE direction and lower in the sky.  A third flash occurred, the time between flash/pulse 2 and 3 was roughly about the same time between flash/pulse 1 and 2. It had no real shape that I could see, but was brilliant.  From what I could determine, the speed of this second object was constant.  After the third flash, there w! as nothing. As I was scanning the sky in that area I noted yet another light. Higher in sky.  It was a bright orange and larger in size to the satellite I first saw.  It too was travelling in the same direction as the first satellite and it followed basically the same course until it faded out. I am imagining that that was a satellite as well but never saw a brilliant colour of orange like that before. The weather was clear. There were no lights on in the backyard. Stars and constellations were visible.  After a few minutes after seeing the flash I even saw an actual airliner travelling west to east that was passing close to my position but a bit further south.  It had its running lights on and could faintly hear its engines. I have been watching planes at night for years and know the usual flight paths of both commercial and private aircraft in the area.  I have also seen many natural phenomenon like fireballs, falling stars, etc.  I can't really tell what this 3-flash event was.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Faint tiny red flashing star gets bigger, then moves from West to North, then flies directly over city of Ottawa, ON.;2016-10-06 01:07:00;2-3 minutes;Faint tiny red flashing star gets bigger, then moves from West to North, then flies directly over city of Ottawa, ON. Thursday, October 6, 1:07 AM, Ottawa, Canada.  I got up to look out my bedroom window.  I have logged two UFO sightings on previous occasions within the last couple of years from this same bedroom window but did not keep any records, myself.  I have reported one to MUFON and another to National UFO Reporting Center.  I have seen about four other sightings over the years directly over the city of Ottawa and Gatineau.   I sometimes look out the bedroom window to check for UFO's especially at sundown and during the night.  There is usually one red air-ambulance helicopter go close by once or twice a day with pulsating red and white lights with characteristic sound.  One of the previous UFO sightings was of a very large white light and with a definite round-shaped red light of same size in its center which looked something like a spot light from a short distance away vantage point. This was about 2-3 miles away.  The reason I am saying this is that these UFO's could be trying to imitate helicopter lights!   Anyway, I looked out my bedroom window and the Western sky was misty.  There was one large star to be seen, probably Mars or Venus at about 30 degrees.  I looked out of the corner of my eye, as I sometimes do, to see if there were any fainter stars near-by.  I thought I saw a couple and one of them was red.  They were very small and faint, and much smaller than the first star seen.  As I kept looking, the red one seemed to get bigger.  Then, I detected it to be moving West to North.  It came to be within about 5-10 miles, I think, no sound, window open.  The red light kept flashing at about once a second as it moved across the sky.  It was fluttering up and down and would lunge forward at tremendous speed every 3-4 seconds.  It came as close as to within 3-5 miles, I think, before going out of view because of the window frame.  It was going way too fast to be a helicopter at that distance.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
