This massive ship, covered with bright white lights,  hovered over the water passing my tent and stopped  to hover 30 ft . away from me;2002-09-07 01:30:00;15 min;This massive ship, covered with bright white lights,  hovered over the water passing my tent and stopped  to hover 30 ft . away from me A little about myself...  I don't drink or smoke and I don't do drugs...I am in my early 40's and have a daughter so we often go to my grandfather's cottage in the summer.  I've been going there with my family since I was 4 years old. This ocurred at our cottage 45 min from Ottawa at Innisville on the Mississippi River.  I sometimes sleep outside in the tent because I like the outdoors and the sound of the water puts me to sleep...this particular night the people next door were playing loud Elvis music and I liked it, so I listened until approx 1:30am.  Just as the music stopped, I lay awake for a few minutes (I had a sharp throbing pain in my arm that wouldn't go away) and then I heard a low whispy sound outside my tent.(almost like a hot air balloon but the pitch was lower and more consistent)  The reflection of light that shone on my tent was moving very slowly.  Usually when cars go by, the shadows and reflections from headlights move very fast.  I thought it was strange, so I got up and looked out the tent mesh window (I kept it open because the moon was full that night and all the stars were very bright) (saw the Northern lights earlier) When I looked out the window I couldn't believe what I was seeing...this was a massive ship (very tall, wide and tubular) completely covered by bright white lights (8 ft away from me) It was a beautiful display of white light  (looked like large light bulbs all over it) it started moving very slowly over the water passing my tent, so of course I ran to the other side of my tent to see where it was going.  It kept going until it was half way to the neighbours cottage (30 ft.)and stopped and just hovered over the water for some time...I just watched (this is something so unbelievable to see and I didn't know what to do) This was massive and it also had additional tube lighting in which white light circled (travelled) around the ship.  My reaction was to get closer to it, so I unzipped my tent and ran outside towards it.(I don't know how other people would react but I was so excited and I wanted to make contact) Then, suddenly, with a low sound, it completely disappeared leaving a sharp white light from where I stood and left a trail of light all the way to the stars (it looked like a star in the sky at that point) This trail of white light stayed for a few seconds before the whole thing disappeared) I kept watching this star because I was totally amazed...a few seconds later I saw that star zip across the sky in a sharp straight green line to another  star.  I will never forget that night.  I used to laugh when I saw pictures etc. of flying objects and aliens.  Now, I am convinced that there definately is life beyond our planet.(and a little nervous about the alien part)  I could hardly sleep and was a little nervous to tell everyone in the morning because I thought they'd think I was nuts!  While I was telling my sister in the cottage, my mother said that she was glad someone else saw it. She saw what looked like a ship with windows just outside her window around the same time that morning.  She said she was lying down and couldn't sleep (the music was keeping her up) and out of nowhere she saw what at fi! rst look ed like shooting stars but then she realized that they were shooting in all directions and there were many of them.  Then she was staring at lights and windows of what she describes as a ship or building.  Anyway, for the next few days we were both in shock.  I'm sure she'll never forget this either.  I was a little worried about my mom because she's 78 and was really shaken up about it. She didn't want to go back to the cottage to sleep. It's strange because for the last few nights prior to this incident, my neighbour had been hearing strange sounds like a hot air balloon but never looked out of her window.  She, and her partner also heard a baby crying at 3:00am that woke them and when they looked out the window, she saw nothing.  I always walk in the water as it has very shallow rapids and I noticed this summer that some of the very heavy rock had been moved (it didn't move when we had a flood several years ago and I wondered how it had moved) This was a particular spot that I used to sit in and I thought it was strange.  Maybe related, maybe not, but it was close to the spot where the ship had been hovering. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Five or six very faint lights that formed a half-circle;2012-06-23 00:30:00;5 - 10 seconds;I went out on my deck at around half-past midnight. I sat down on our lounger and looked up at the sky. My eyes caught some movement to the east, but it was so faint, I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me. I looked up again and was stunned to see five or six very faint lights that formed a half-circle, and looked like stars. They were moving in formation from east to west and then faded away. There were no sounds, and from my vantage point, they looked as distant as the stars. I’m guessing that it took about 10 seconds to cross the sky.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
3 BRIGHT ORANGE OBJECTS APPEAR OVER QUEBEC CLOSE TOGETHER/NO FLYING - JUST APPEARED, SHOTS FIRED TO THE GROUND FROM THEM;2013-06-20 00:00:00;6 minutes;3 BRIGHT ORANGE OBJECTS APPEAR OVER QUEBEC CLOSE TOGETHER/NO FLYING - JUST APPEARED, SHOTS FIRED TO THE GROUND FROM THEM On June 20, 2013 I was sitting on my couch watching television in my apartment. I face the Ottawa River not too far from Mud Island on the Ontario side.  My eye was caught by something in the dark night's sky across the river over Quebec.  I looked towards the object and it seemed to be a large orange object just hovering over the edge of the land just past Mud Island but across the river in Quebec. I watched the object (not sure if it was a circle or what but appeared so) and to my total shock all of a sudden an identical orange object, same size and shape, appeared very close to the first object.  It didn't fly there, it just appeared, as if it had turned on a light or just appeared out of nowhere.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  The 2 objects stayed in the same place.  About 10 seconds later I was stunned to witness a 3rd object, same size as the other 2, same color and shape appear next to the other 2 - same distance apart.  At that point I ran across the hall to get my neihgbour.  I was gone only maybe 1 minute but when I got back with her to show her the 3 objects 2 of them were gone and the 3rd one (the first I saw in the sky) was descending straight down towards the ground. Unfortunately there were clouds down low so the object went behind the cloud so I couldn't see how far down it went or if the other 2 were there as well - behind the clouds. My neighbour did witness the last half of the last object descend so she did see one as well.  As we stood there, not more than 15 seconds after the last object descended, we were stunned to witness something hitting the ground just off to the left of where the 3 objects once sat in the sky.  It appeared that perhaps these shots being fired might well have been coming out of the 3 objects in the sky.  The shots were fired downwards towards the earth on the Quebec side, not up at the sky and when each shot hit the ground (you could see light trails coming down from where the craft were) there was a loud explosion and corresponding flare-up of light.  We must have witnessed at least a dozen of these shots hitting the ground.  There was no sound from any of the craft while they were forming in the sky and no sound except for when the shots hit the ground -no sound of them being fired that I remember hearing.  My neighbour and I waited to see if the craft would fly away but there was no sighting after the shots were fired at all.  They just disappeared or left undetected.  I haven't heard of anyone else who saw what we did.  I called a local tv station and reported it and they said that they would look into it but I never heard back. Someone must have seen it besides me.  There are many dwellings on the Ottawa side of the Ottawa River near Mud Island.  Would be interested in hearing about any other similar sighting.  I noticed that in Quebec orange balls have been seen before  Interesting.  The room we viewed the craft from and the explosions was a typical apartment living room with one light on in the background.  It was getting dark at night when I saw all of this but there was still a bit of light out but not much.  It was around 8 PM in the evening.  I couldn't tell clearly if the objects were round or what but the startling thing was that they were quite big even from the distance across the river and they were a bright orange color.  Quite different from craft that we normally see.  I have not seen this again since that night.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
20 Gold lights. Formation over Ottawa.;2013-07-13 22:30:00;10 minutes;20 Gold lights. Formation over Ottawa. I was standing at my window. Third floor of my house.  It was 10:30pm and I was watching a particularly captivating crescent moon.   For whatever reason, I felt like I should just watch the moon.  Then I saw two gold lights come up from behind the tree line.   The lights just kept coming and there was a total of about 20 of them.  Definitely inside the atmosphere and flying in a formation, about 5 to 10km across three rows deep.   The lights were golden.  Not flashing.  Each one put out a considerable amount of light.   They moved slowly but moved very fast as changing positions in the formation. I ran outside.  There were people on the street.   I pointed out the UFO and people came out of their houses and we all watched them fly away.   Total time ten to fifteen minutes.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
3 large red-orange pulsating lights in trianglar formation.;2013-07-19 23:15:00;2-3 minutes;3 large red-orange pulsating lights in trianglar formation At approximately 11:15pm, July 19. 2013 I witnessed an incredible sight from my front porch facing south near the Ottawa River Parkway.  After severe thunderstorms all afternoon it was a very cloudy night. The moon was barely visible....just a soft glow behind the clouds.  Suddenly, I saw 3 large reddish-orange pulsating lights in a triangular/V formation.  They appeared at fairly low altitude, in clear view below the heavy clouds.  The lights remained hovering in that formation for about 2min, then quickly moved eastwards and disappeared. After the initial shock and excitement, I managed to fumble for my phone and I actually captured it on video for approx. 7 seconds. It is very quick, but you can clearly see the light formation, flickering in the sky and then quickly drift east and disappear.  Fascinating and slightly discomforting.... Truly something I will never forget. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
5 objects that moved kind of like birds in a V formation, but were lit up and glowing in the dark night sky.;2020-04-23 01:15:00;8-10 seconds;5 objects that moved kind of like birds in a V formation, but were lit up and glowing in the dark night sky. Saw 5 objects flying in a V formation that I initially thought were birds because of their organic movement, they were fluttering a bit instead of flying smoothly like a satellite or plane.  But they were glowing, lit up like balls of yellowish light so they couldn’t have been birds – not any I’d ever seen.  It was 1:15am and very dark out, no moon or cloud cover.  The objects appeared in the eastern sky, flew overhead, and I lost track of them towards the western horizon over houses this took about 8-10 seconds and there was no noise.  One of the 5 objects was more erratic than the others, kind of jumping in and out of formation.  I was looking up to view the Lyrid meteor shower, but these objects were not like shooting stars/meteors (and I didn’t see any of those in the ~5-10 minutes that I was looking).;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
