Low Level Brightly Lighted Sphere Hovering in a Residential Neighbourhood;1975-07-15 00:00:00;10 minutes;Low Level Brightly Lighted Sphere Hovering in a Residential Neighbourhood My sighting took place in an urban residential area in the west side of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.  I was returning home about midnight driving my VW Beetle.  I turned into the subdivision from a main thoroughfare.  At the first stop sign, I sighted a spherical object about a meter in diameter hovering in the middle of the residential street about a half a block on my left.  I turned left in order to approach the object which was in the center of the road and suspended about 10 feet above the road surface.  I approached slowly and got within 60 feet of the sphere.  The object was bobbing like a cork on the water and was emanating light from its surface.  The light consisted of brilliant colours that seemed to rotate around its surface.  I remember red, blue, orange and yellow patches of light rotating in a random fashion all over its surface.  My impression is that the light was actually photons being emitted by ionized air molecules as the colours were very pure like laser light.  I crept slowly forward observing the object through the front windscreen.  When I got within 60 feet the object began to react and drifted with a bobbing motion toward the far side of the road.  It went behind a small tree and between two adjacent houses.  I could see the light being reflected off the aluminum siding of one of the adjacent houses.  I quickly drove to the end of the block and turned on the side street to go to the next street over to see if it was still visible.  As I turned onto the next parallel street, it was once again hovering in the middle of the road at about the same height.  This time I approached at a little higher speed to see if I could get closer.  The object reacted by once again moving between two adjacent houses in the direction of the third parallel residential street.  I quickly moved around the block to see if it would be in the middle of the third street.  Sure enough it was, once again hovering in the middle of the road.  This time as I rounded the corner it took off at about a 20 degree angle at an astonishing speed.  I have witnessed night time artillery firing trials where the projectile from the artillery piece was a tracer and the speed of this object as it left was much quicker than an artillery round leaving a cannon.  I heard no noise at all during this encounter but of course the engine noise of a VW Beetle is considerable.  However, the departing speed had to be several times the speed of sound and there was no sonic boom.  Since this incident, I and my daughter have both experienced some unexplained night-time events that neither of us can explain but where untraceable blood was found on our pillows and sheets.  These incidents happened at several different residential locations over the course of a couple of decades but have now stopped.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Procession of very large, multi-coloured craft.;1988-08-14 23:00:00;5 hours;Procession of very large, multi-coloured craft. The reason I am finally taking the time to submit my story is because I heard your recent interview on the Jeff Rense programme where you shared some recent sightings that sound so incredibly similar to the remarkable one I had many years ago.  It happened in 1989, about 80 km west of Ottawa ON. It was a calm, clear summer night and the stars were numerous. As I was enthralled with astronomy at the time, I was on the roof of our cottage with a friend and a set of binoculars, and I was teaching her the basic summer constellations. My parents were inside the cottage and they had two sets of friends visiting as well. I noticed that across the eastern shoreline (about a mile across), there was a red light that was moving erratically in the sky, some distance away. It was perhaps the size and brightness of the star Deneb. I found it strange, so I focused the binoculars on them. Although it was tough to keep them still, I followed this red light zigzagging up and down, left and right. It was moving very fast and then coming to a complete stop. At times it would disappear below the treeline, and then pop back up into the sky. I didn’t say a word to my friend, as I wanted to make sure what I was seeing was really what I thought I was seeing. As I had been so focused on the one red light, I didn’t notice when a second and a third joined it, along the dark treeline horizon. Now there were three of them, all the same size and colour, zigzagging up and down and left and right and disappearing below the treeline and popping back. I went through the checklist of what they could be - weather balloon! s (just plain no), search lights (no clouds), helicopters (no sound), planes (can’t move this way)…and realized that what I had been watching for quite a few minutes were truly unidentifiable, to the best of my knowledge.  I told my friend to take a look, and she too saw the three red lights. I stood up, banged on the roof, and called down to my parents to come outside and see. As it was such a still night, I am sure the whole lake must have heard me. We came off the roof and met my parents and their friends on the porch. Ironically, the moment they came outside, the red lights dipped below the horizon and disappeared. They didn’t see a thing. What are the odds! My parents were extremely skeptical and were certain the red lights were weather balloons.  At this point, 5 of the 6 adults went to bed. I estimate it was around 11pm. One of my parents friends, though, came to me quietly and asked me to describe to him, more privately, what we had seen. He was a retired RCAF pilot, with many hours of service under his belt, and was presently the principal of an elementary school in Ontario. We told him what we saw and he was extremely interested in our story. He asked us to show him the direction of where we saw the lights. So, the three of us (my friend, my dad’s friend, and myself) went down to our dock and watched the eastern horizon, above the treeline, with eager attention.  We had retrieved a second pair of binoculars. After about 15 minutes and no more red lights, we were thinking that our light show was over.  As we had been staring so intently on the eastern shore of the lake, we hadn’t noticed an ENORMOUSLY lit craft to our right, above the southern side of the bay we are situated in.  To say we were instantly startled and shocked is an understatement. The southern shore from our dock is about 400 meters away.  The treeline extends maybe 90-100 feet above the lake, with a small hill. I estimated that this craft was not much farther beyond the shoreline…perhaps another half kilometer, maximum.  It was also approximately the width of my four fingers above the treeline horizon (I am actually sitting on our dock, where we saw these crafts, writing this). Now, the size of this craft was around the size of a tennis ball.  It was enormous. Looking at it through the binoculars, you couldn’t see the whole craft…only parts of it.  It was moving from west to east, and very slowly.  And it wasn’t making a sound…it was completely silent.  I remember hearing people across the lake laughing and partying while we were watching it, and I wondered if they were seeing it too.  The next day I learned no one had. The craft was shaped like a Big Mac (that was my comparison at the time).  It was rounded, but not fully circular.  There were no wings. There was nothing protruding out of any part of it.  All around the outside of the craft were a few dozen of individual red lights, equally spaced in an orderly fashion.   There were maybe 3 or 4 ‘rows’ of red lights. Inside the red lights were some individual green lights.  They were the same size as the red, just fewer of them.  And then, in the centre of the craft were some individual white lights. Again, the same size and brightness of the others…just white.  The reds were the most predominant.  The lights did not flash. The three of us must have watched this craft cross the lake for about 15 minutes.  All of a sudden, another craft, exactly like the one we were watching, appeared in the same place as the first.  Same distance above the horizon, same speed, same lights, same silence…moving west to east. It followed the same path as the first.  Over the next couple of hours, the three of us sat on our dock and witnessed 6 of these huge crafts pass by us, all following each other a similar distance, all looking exactly like each other…..all passing the eastern shore at the same place and continuing east.  We realized that once they had travelled eastward some distance past the lake they looked like the red lights we had originally seen on the roof of our cottage!  The green and white lights became invisible and the red lights appeared as one solitary light. At the end of this procession of craft, we saw two smaller crafts. They were maybe the size of a dime, and like a cheeseburger in shape (again, my younger mind comparison).  It was moving along the same path as the others, yet it was travelling faster, maybe 3-4 times the speed.  It appeared a similar distance above the treeline. The entire craft pulsated a lime-green colour.  In between flashes you could clearly make out the smooth disc shape of the object.  There were no wings.  There was no noise.  Before they reached the eastern shoreline, they stopped in the sky, pulsated a few times, and then flew southward, quite quickly. We soon lost sight of them. I remember thinking that those two were like the end of the parade.  We decided that was it for us and went back into the cottage. It was 4am! We were shocked!  What felt like maybe an hour or two had been 5 hours! Why hadn’t we thought of getting a camera?  Why didn’t I wake my parents and prove to them that what we had seen earlier was real?   Why didn’t we alert our cottage neighbours, who were friends of ours?   We didn’t have the answers…and I still don’t. The next day we went to the lake lodge and I asked the folks over there ‘Hey, did you see the UFOs last night? They were right above here!’ I was certain they HAD to have seen them.  But they didn’t. We listened to the news on the radio the next day and there was no word of anything.  I was shocked. How did no one else see these things?  To this day, no one has claimed they saw what we did. My parents still see their friend who was with me from time to time, and he still brings up his recollections of this night. He still says what we saw is the ‘most incredible things he has ever witnessed’.  My other friend vowed to never talk about what we saw.  I emailed her last year, asking her if she’s ever spoken to anyone, and she didn’t respond. A bit about me: I have a degree in History and Education and I have been an elementary school teacher for 13 years.  I am a married mother of two children.  As astronomy has always been a passion of mine, I have spent many hours throughout my life observing the nighttime sky.  I have never witnessed anything close to this, before or since.  The events of this evening were burned into my minds eye, and I can recollect the images and thoughts and feelings so clearly still.  I have rarely spoken about this to anyone…only a few trusted friends over the years. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Myself and a friend saw a spherical (football shaped) object hovering approximately 100 feet up and approximately 500 feet away in a no;1992-12-01 02:00:00;20 seconds;Myself and a friend saw a spherical (football shaped) object hovering approximately 100 feet up and approximately 500 feet away in a northwesterly direction. The object appeared without sound, jumped to two different locations and then disappeared. The object was approximately the size of two 747's one on top of the other and had muted lights going around the center of it, in this sequence red, yellow, green,blue.The object made no sound and hovered for about 10 seconds, jumped to another location for about 2 seconds, then again for the same duration and then disappeared. It was an overcast evening, the ground was covered with snow and it was in a very well lit park at the edge of Carlton University campus. The park was deserted but there were cars driving directly under the object. The conclusion that my friend and I made was that it was undeniably extraterrestrial and could not possibly be an experimental craft or any other form of illusion ie: balloon.  When the object jumped from one location to another it was an approximate leap of 500 feet.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Seen by my brother first. He called me outside to the back yard, then I saw it a bright light, spherical in shape. I saw it move up (i;1999-06-25 22:00:00;2 minutes;Seen by my brother first. He called me outside to the back yard, then I saw it a bright light, spherical in shape. I saw it move up (it got smaller and smaller) until it disappeared. The time is approximate it was between 22:00 and 23:00. My brother saw it first, he was out having a cigarette on the deck. He called me and his wife, I came to see. The house where we were is about 2 miles East of the former Rockliffe Air Base. The object was moving South to North, and then began moving upwards very fast. It started off near the moon (from our point of view), then passed a bright star (maybe Venus), then continued North, until it started moving more upwards, when the light got smaller and smaller and then it disappeared. It was at about a 75 degree angle when I looked into the sky, from the horizon, then it became closer to 90 degrees (almost overhead) when it disappeared. It lasted only a couple of minutes. From my point of view, it was very high up the ball of bright white light was about the size of the large star/planet we saw it pass). There were no sounds coming from the object, and the light was steady the whole time not flashing. After a few minutes a plane flew over us we saw the difference between what we had seen and the airplane. It wasn't an airplane, and it was flying much higher, too, even before it began its ascent.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Rotating, opaque sphere, bright and dark side, moving rapidly on a path curving downwards like curvature of sky dome;2003-08-30 17:25:00;brief;Rotating, opaque sphere, bright and dark side, moving rapidly on a path curving downwards like curvature of sky dome UFO Report  Where:  Ottawa, Ontario, Canada   Bridge over Canal between National Arts Centre and the Convention Centre, facing South, directly over centre of Canal Date:  August 30, 2003 Time:  About 5:20-5:25 p.m. Local Time Weather:  Mostly clear with a few mid-altitude clouds Calm: No wind on ground.   No movement of leaves No movement of cloud cover.  Note on Weather:  An article in the OTTAWA CITIZEN newspaper, on August 31 reported that the Hot Air Balloons from the Balloon Festival were forced down in the South End of the city at dusk due to insufficient wind to carry them to better landing sites.  I was walking past the Convention Centre when I noticed a movement and stopped to watch a bright sphere move in a South West direction. When first seen, I was at about 45 degrees above the horizon, or about the height of the National Defence building. It was directly over the Canal and curved down towards the trees between the Canal and the National Arts Centre.  It was moving at a very rapid pace, faster than city traffic, and was only seen briefly, 2about a minute at most but probably about 15-30 seconds. There were tourists and other passers-by but it did not occur to me to point out the object to them.  The object was a perfect sphere, very bright, probably from reflected light, as I watched it intently and it changed from bright to black. There was an intermediate quarter moon phase, so it was probably dark on one side and highly reflective on the other.  It was probably not one of the hot-air balloons from the Hot Air Festival as it had no basket, was not the usual tear-drop or fanciful shape or colour, and would have distinctly varied in size if it was passing over or coming down near enough to me to be framed by the National Defence Building and the National Arts Centre.  Because it was perfectly spherical, opaque to light, showed no sign of colour and changed from bright to dark, I eliminated the possibility of a toy balloon on the spot.  I made a point of trying to determine if it was one of those round pillow shaped greeting balloons which have a printed sight and a shiny metal side but it did not appear to change shape at all. If it was a balloon of that size (one foot, 30 centimetres diameter)  it was closer to me on the ground than either the National Arts Centre or the National Defence building when I observed it, so a change in shape should have been visible.  At one point, I considered the possibility that it might be a helicopter or a large balloon (in the range,  two to six foot diameter, one to two metres). It was difficult to determine scale as it was against a background of clear sky. The curve in its flight suggests that it was distant enough to appear to move along the curvature of the sky, but in that case it must have been bigger than a house. I don't recall seeing it actually pass behind the trees, so I may have been momentarily distracted at that point.  The next day I revisited the site to attempt to determine where I was standing while I stopped and watched the balloon. I remembered that the canal was directly before me the day before but acquired no new information on my exact position.  I did notice a couple of large advertising balloons attached to the stroller/perambulator of a child in the Rideau Centre Shopping Mall. They were advertising a story called Richards or something like (it definitely started with an R. They were about 1.5 feet or 50 centimetres in diameter, transparent and green. It is unlikely that a metallic, two-coloured balloon was being used as a promotional giveaway as well, but they were within the possible size-range of the object which I saw.  I have to call this object a U.F.O. because the only evidence that it was a balloon was its shape and change of brightness, while the total absence of wind on the ground or at cloud level does not permit me to suppose that it was moving under wind power. Also, its path seemed curved with the curvature of the sky and if it was a wind it was taking a highly anomalous downward curve path.  Do high speed air currents curve to the ground?  I did, however, have the impression that the sphere was not much larger than a small aircraft, or smaller than a very large balloon, also that it may have passed lower than the National Defence Building, although I do not positively recall it passing in front of the building.  Being of a scientific turn of mind, I believe that the most probably explanation would be a balloon, but not a toy or greetings balloon but something larger than those and smaller than a Hot Air Balloon. To conclude this positively, I would have to assume, however, that there was a brisk, but invisible wind at an altitude in excess of the height of the National Arts Centre and the Convention Centre on the opposite side of the Canal (4 to 6 stories), a wind which was curving downward over a short distance, perhaps less than the distance to Confederation Park beyond the National Arts Centre. I noticed not the slightest breeze where I stood, no wind in the branches of the trees by the National Arts Centre (some of which are nearly as tall as the building), and no cloud movement.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Two brightly glowing spheres that changed colours from blue, red, green, and yellow.;2006-11-23 20:00:00;5 minutes;Two brightly glowing spheres that changed colours from blue, red, green, and yellow.  First I saw one, then the other appeared.  I saw several other smaller lights show up that were moving, though the main one didnt move at all.  About 2 minutes after the first one showed up, a second showed up at the same hight... it didnt fly to that spot in the sky, it just showed up there.  The first sphere started blinking in and out, then the second sphere disapeared.  A red light zoomed back and forth under the fist sphere (still blinking) a few times and then they both vanished.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
2 dull orange spheres over ottawa, ON;2006-12-06 18:30:00;30 seconds;2 dull orange spheres over ottawa, ON I went outside at 6:30 pm just as the sun was going down. The sky was almost black. I looked up and saw 2 dull orange spheres. I noticed them because they blocked out stars, but did not seem that large. They made no sound and continued on a straight path parallel to each other at a set speed. They did not seem to be flying that fast and appeared to be about 1000-1500 feet up, but it was hard to tell. I saw them for about 30 seconds.  They were not planes or balloons. My initial feeling was they were from somewhere else other than earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Shiny round object seen in broad daylight, then suddenly disappears.;2010-10-23 16:21:00;10 seconds;Shiny round object seen in broad daylight, then suddenly disappears. While Driving home on Hwy 417 at about 16:21, we saw a very bright round object in the sky.  It was a beautiful sunny day.  We could assume the object was metallic because of the bright shine reflecting off it.  We were able to observe it for about 10 seconds before it disappeared.  It did not seem to be travelling in any particular direction.  It seemed to be more stationary in the sky.  It was an oddity to us because it did not resemble any of the usual things flying around the city skyline, ie. planes, balloons, birds, ect.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Two orange craft with large coronas fly silently over my neighborhood.;2015-10-16 19:10:00;2-3 minutes;Two orange craft with large coronas fly silently over my neighborhood. I was driving home and had just pulled into our neighborhood.  I was about 100 yards from my house when I saw the first craft. It was very unusual so I stop the car and rolled down the window to make sure I was seeing it clearly.  When I realized that this was a very unusual object and possibly a UFO, I grabbed my cell phone and got out of the car.  It flew in towards my position from the west.  When it got at its closest distance to me, almost right over my head, approximately 80 degrees forward from me as I was facing southwest, it was somewhere around 1000-1500 feet in altitude.  It was completely over cast with a low ceiling and it rained about and hour later.  The two objects were below the cloud cover.  It was at this point that I could see that this was a UFO.  It mostly consisted of a well defined orange coloured corona with what looked like a moving electrical discharging orange light in the center. There were no flashing lights and no sound at all.  The corona had a very defined edge and was not a glow or flaring.  The corona it self was giving off light and gave the appearance that the craft was flying/floating in an orange coloured self illuminating bubble.  As the craft flew off towards the east, the second one appeared following the same path and was identical to the first one. I fumbled with my cell phone, but by the time I got it to record, both craft were to far away to make out details.  My video only shows a black screen with two points of light. The coronas where quite large in comparison to the center object and there seemed to be a darkened area or ring between the center and the corona. These craft were not moving very fast.  Possibly 200-400 MPH. An incident occurred about 1-2 weeks prior.  There were fighter jets flying over our neighborhood at low altitude and were going towards the direction that these two craft came from.  They were extremely loud.  I was under the impression that aircraft were not allowed to fly that close to populated areas.  I don't know if these two incidents are related.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
Big star-like object in westrern sky near time of sunset in Ottawa, Canada instantly disappears!;2015-12-06 16:45:00;30 seconds;Big star-like object in westrern sky near time of sunset in Ottawa, Canada, instantly disappears! It was just starting to get dark 16:45 EST.  I looked out my bedroom window and saw a sphere, bright and shining like a star in the western sky, just above the horizon.  It was appearing as it were between two of three hydro wires about 75 feet away, so I had a good bearing on it.  I thought it to be a planet like Mars or Jupiter but it was about 3 times too large and a little too high above the horizon.  There were absolutely no clouds in the way.  There were no stars shining.  It was completely still in the sky.  I looked at it for about 30 seconds, then I decided to log the time.  I turned my head about 90 degrees for about 3 seconds to do just that and then I turned my head back again to focus on the object through the window and IT WAS GONE!  There were no clouds nearby, the sky was clear!  The object was nowhere near the setting Sun.  I kept looking for about 5 minutes, but it did not reappear. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD));45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
07/30/2020 22:15 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada Sphere 30-45 seconds Bright light seemed to wobble as it flew. UFO Posted 07/30/2020 22:36;2020-07-30 22:15:00;1-1.5 minutes;07/30/2020 22:15 Ottawa, Ontario, Canada Sphere 30-45 seconds Bright light seemed to wobble as it flew. UFO Posted 07/30/2020 22:36 I went outside to water my plant and got looking at Jupiter, Saturn and the Moon. I spotted a spherical white light object that was moving fast from North to South.  I thought it was the space station but I realized it was too bright. As it moved it wobbled.  No other lights.  I went in the house to get my binoculars then back into the house to get my camera but it was gone when I got back out. No other detail but the white light could be seen. No sound.;45.3822673389718;-75.7040854261555
