Flat precise platinum line viewed low in sky, descending at sharp angle, tilted to show shape, modified triangular, immediately masked.;2013-11-14 15:00:00;1 minute;Flat precise platinum line viewed low in sky, descending at sharp angle, tilted to show shape, modified triangular, immediately masked. Nov. 14, 2013, just before 3:00 pm, I saw the first UFO I've ever seen!  This occurred in Princeton, WV, while I was traveling southwest on highway 460, in the direction from Princeton toward Bluefield.  I was stopped at the traffic light, which seems like one of the longest waits for any traffic light.  I was the first car in line in the left lane.  This light is at one of the three exits from the highway to the town.  It was the Princeton exit located closest to Bluefield. Just to have something to do, I looked up in the sky and observed what I initially thought was a jet contrail.  It was up in sky on my left and was too short to be a contrail.  Wasn't fluffy but rather short and precise, as if it had been drawn by a ruler. I continued to observe as it moved forward and began to descend diagonally at a fast pace, with a sharp descent. It was headed toward the flat top of a small mountain or very tall hill, approximately 3/10 of a mile away. As it got close to the ground, maybe 500 yards in the air, it appeared to tilt so I could see the shape and thickness of the craft just for a few seconds, and then it disappeared completely.  It just grayed out like a protective covering went over it. The shape when it tilted was modified triangle, with elongated dome on top.  Based on the shape shown for an instant, it possibly could have been an Air Force Stealth fighter, as I have seen one in 1990s, at an air show, near where they're based.  But there was something about its shape, platinum-like sheen, and quickness of movement that seemed completely unlike the Stealth. I wondered what was on top of that hill/mountain.  When the light changed, and I proceeded through the intersection, I looked back in my side mirror, when I got enough distance away to see that high, and it looked like a regular house up there. I also had gazed around while stopped at the light, and could see no one else looking up.  I concluded that the greatest likelihood was that this was an UFO.  No blimp could have looked like a precise line, nor could it have moved that quickly to descend.  \  this slash shows  the  direction and sharp angle of the descent. Ps.  On dec 5 returning again from Princeton, I noted that the hill/mountain had been flattened on top with no remaining trees.  All other viewable terrain was untouched mountains covered with trees or else commercially developed below tree line.  Where the craft descended was the only available field away from people and buildings, and without mountains and trees.;37.3748;-81.113947368421
