Visitation, followed by MIB encounter?;2001-01-12 02:00:00;2 minutes;Visitation, followed by MIB encounter? These are two separate events and the date is approximate. I was about 16 at the time, and my mom worked nights as a private hospice worker, leaving me alone for the evening.  I remember waking up, feeling calm and rather peaceful as several (I would say about 5) small beings stood beside my bed to my left.  I remember thinking, I don't sleep on my back and that's why I woke up, being in a different position and needing to move.  The hall light was on, and therefore behind the beings and eclipsed their faces, but still details were visible:  lack of coloration to their skin giving a gray appearance, and large almond-shaped black eyes, smallish mouth.  They also seemed to be wearing medium to dark blue suits with a triangle on their left breast (with the tip pointing down). I didn't feel fear or pain, not drugged, as I was quite clear in the head, but the experience was a bit like waking up from anesthesia.  I felt like I overheard conversation, but I can't remember a voice.  It said she's unfit or something to that effect.  (Years later, I was diagnosed with poly cystic ovarian syndrome, whose symptoms I had been displaying since I was 13 or 14 and nearly made me infertile). I haven't been able to speak about it until recently, or even think about it, as going there in my memory makes me very, very frightened - even now my palms are cold and sweaty and my heartbeat is elevated. The next experience had less to do with them than what I believe could have been a MIB encounter after my visitation - maybe a month or two. We lived on East Drive in Princeton, in an apartment block that has now been demolished. My mom was away for the evening and it was in the dead of night.  I was a night owl and fully awake, speaking to my now husband on the internet. It must have been between 2-3am and there was a sudden, loud knock on the front door (which happened to be right under me). I looked out of the window and saw a black car with chrome trim in the driveway, but not pulled into the parking lot (therefore effectively blocking cars that may come in or out--not like there was a lot of traffic this time of the morning, however).  There were footprints in the snow (single pair) heading right up to my front door. I called my mother, who was working.  She told me to call 911 (we were paranoid and my uncle was a police officer).  I did.  I told the 911 operator what was going on and she said she would send an officer out.  I told her I had to call my mother back or she would freak out, so I did and I remember being on the phone with her very briefly and reassuring her that everything would be ok, a policeman was on his way.  I kept looking out for him. As soon as I put down the phone, it rang.  It was the 911 operator. Where have you been? I've been trying to call you for hours.  We sent an officer out and you didn't answer the door or the phone.  I assured her I was just on the phone with my mother for a few minutes but everything was okay.  Something feels weird about that, like I was too blase about it...  And then the rest of the night is entirely blank. I asked my mother about it just two days ago.  She doesn't remember the incident at all.   My husband I have been speaking with about it for a while longer remembers the night, but also has a blank spot in his memory about the resolution or what happened exactly. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.3748;-81.113947368421
