A green light was iluminating the ocean as we drove past-suddenly, a white light came out of the water and straight for our car. The li;1992-04-02 22:24:00;15-20 seconds;Summary : A green light was iluminating the ocean as we drove past-suddenly, a white light came out of the water and straight for our car. The light came up to my window and I screamed, my mom (the driver) hit the gas and the light stayed with us for about 10 seconds then retreated back into the water. My mother is a nurse, I am a college student. Our family very upstanding in the community, PTA parents, my dad coaches Little League, I have 3 brothers, we are all conservative and skeptical, typical Republicans. My mother is especially rigid due to her profession, but what we saw was undeniable. My mom and I were driving along 17 Mile Drive about 22:05 one evening and we were perplexed by this glowing green light off the coast near Spanish Bay beach. We thought it might be shrimp boats(shrimpers fish usually in the middle of the night & use irridescent green lights to attract the shrimp to the surface) but there were no boats on the surface of the water and the green area was far larger than shrimper lights. Plus, shrimpers as well as other fishermen do not usually fish off the coast of Pebble Beach,it is exclusive & private. We kept driving, away from Spanish Bay, until we reached the Lodge. The green light was out of our sight as we entered the forest area. We were turnin! g to go home when I said, That light was just too weird, lets go see if it's still there. My mom was scared but we turned around and headed back towards Spanish Bay. About 22:18 the green light came back into view, underwater illumination that from a distance appeared to be a dome shaped structure laying on the floor of the ocean. We speculated that it was the lost city of Atlantis, it was really creepy, we were the only car on the road and we were both overwhelmed with a desire to turn around and head away from the scene. We continud a bit further, then we flipped a U-turn and began in the opposite direction again(I was  the passenger, with my side of the car facing the ocean at this point) Just as we accelerated to go, I looked out my window at the green dome, and this bright light beam shot out of the water and came directly to my window. I screamed and my mom hit the gas. We were going 81-85 miles per hour for about 10 seconds and the beam continued to shine in my window! , it's origin still the green dome under the water. I kept screaming and tried to climb into my mothers seat to escape the light, and suddenly the beam retreated back the way it came until it was back in the dome and disappeared. There was noise of some sort, like ringing at an almost inaudibly high pitch when the light was present, then it was gone when the beam retreated. We were both in shock, my mom drove home and I don't remember very much except talking to Pebble Beach Secirity with my parents later that night. I was severely disturbed by the incident, I couldn't sleep for about a week, and even then I slept in the same room as my parents. At the time of  this incident I was a senior in high school. I have since recovered, but I still have flashbacks. Needless to say I am now a firm believer in UFO's, as is my mother.;36.5918;-121.9431
Blue light;2011-09-10 19:30:00;15 seconds;we saw me and my family a blue light shine down on our car of congress ave in pebble beach this was when me and my family were living in a house in pacific grove on congress and we were driving and it shined in our car for a good 10 seconds we dont know why it was there but it was there and it shocked us!;36.5918;-121.9431
