Unsual light seen throughout house late at night.;1998-08-25 02:00:00;10 minutes;Unsual light seen throughout house late at night. My wife and two young children and their grandmother all lived in a two story home in a very dark and thickly wooded private community in Northern California in August of 1998.  There are no street lights in this area and the nights are incredibly dark. The house lots are huge and far apart and across the street from us was a huge undeveloped tract of Pine forest.  At approximately 2:AM on this absolutely calm and relatively warm summer evening I was awakened by the brightest blue-white light I have ever seen. I was sleeping in my own upstairs bedroom and my wife was in another next door one and my two children in their own rooms as well. Grandma was downstairs in her own bed.  My door to the upstairs hallway, which had windows facing out to the woods across the street, was open.  My room was so immersed in this blue-white light coming in from this wooded area direction that it was blinding. I had to actually shade my eyes.  I was very groggy when I first awoke so I was just befuddled as to what this light could be.  It took me several seconds to wake up. When I became fully awake I studied the light with incredible amazement and curiosity. It was illuminating the entire inside of our house!  I didn't know a light could be this bright.  It was like one of those six foot wide Hollywood Premier night-beam-in-the-sky lights were being shined right onto and into our house!  This light was steady and unwavering. It had a cool, unearthly, blue-white glow to it. Almost like a welders torch glow but no wavering and flashing at all like a real welders torch would have.  I was unnerved and my mind came up with a safe scenario that there must be emergency vehicles outside our house and every one of their lights were being shined on our house and lighting it up on the inside.  But then I listened and I couldn't hear one sound outside.  No voices or engines running.  Then I got a little scared.  I just couldn't get up and look outside to see what was directly making this light.  It was a strange sense of apprehension and fear. I actually felt cowardly for not doing so.  Just then, two minutes after this light first lit up our house I heard my wife in the bedroom next to mine shout out  what the heck is that light?  Her door to the windowed hallway was closed, and still the light was so bright it woke her up as well.  Unlike me she bravely got up and as soon as her hand touched the hallway door knob to open it the incredible light blinked out.  And as soon as it did...every electrical appliance including the humming refigerator, clocks and clock-radios in the house went out too.  We tried the lights, nothing worked.  My wife staggered into my room and sat on my bed. Like me, she was shaken and said she had never seen anything so bright in her life.   We called the gated community 24 hour security guard house about 1/4 to 1/2 miles away as the phone did work and they reported no outages or calls about anything unusual like people's electricity being out.  We sat there pondering another couple of minutes and all of a sudden the lights and power in our house just blinked back on !  It was all so strange we just sat there silent and dumbfounded.  Eventually we got up and walked down to our children's bedrooms and took a quick non-entering look inside and they seemed asleep and fine so we just went back to bed.  The next morning my wife and I got up and she started making an eggs and bacon breakfast for us all.  Not long afterwards our 13 year old son came slowly walking down the stairs.  I didn't look up but said good morning as you could hear him coming down the stairs.  He kind of moaned in response and said  ohhh, I must have had the worst nose bleed of my life last night.  We looked up and the front of his T-shirt was partially stained in blood and he had dried blood underneath his nose and down his cheek and chin.  My wife and I immediately walked over to comfort him and then we went upstairs to his room.  His pillow was fairly well splattered with dried blood also.  To this day we don't have a clue as to what happened that summer evening. But the events I am describing happened exactly the way I say they did.  Our son seemed okay after this and I don't recall him ever getting another nose bleed.  But that light.  I still don't know how anything could light up the inside of a house like that with absolutely no sound.  Was this a UFO event?  I can't say it was becuase I didn't see anything but the light. But, it certainly was a U.L.E.  Unidentified Light Event.  And it reminded me of the movie Close Encounters Of The Third Kind. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.5918;-121.9431
