White light sphere craft, not blinking, moved long distance, over fresh water great lakes.  ((NUFORC Note:  Overflight of ISS.  PD));2011-08-18 21:00:00;5 Minutes;White light sphere craft, not blinking, moved long distance, over fresh water great lakes. Location - Standing on Memorial Park Beach, facing a general North/North East direction, looking directly over Georgian Bay, the large Eastern body of water connected to Lake Huron. Sighted over the far Northern edge of the water in the horizon, possibly navigating over land. Located 30-40 Degrees above horizon line, moving West to East at relatively quick pace, comparable to 2-4x average jet liner speed at that distance (a jet was visible at the time for comparison – a satellite was visible about an hour after wards for further comparison). Conditions at time of viewing: Crystal clear night, 9 PM Eastern -5GMT Time. Less than 100 stars visible at time of viewing less than 10 visible in the vicinity of the sighting, no artificial optics (glasses, telescope, binoculars) were used to view the craft, and I had a second witness who believed the legitimacy of the sighting. Description: The “UFO” was a white light sphere type craft, emitting a white light 5-10 times brighter than any star that was visible at the time.  The ship did NOT change color, did not blink any lights - such as common aircraft, and the brightness level did not change for the duration of the viewing. The craft appeared 3-5 times larger than any star in the comparable visible area, and moved left to right, with a sort of wobble or instability – commonly attributed to anti-gravity technology having issues in our environment. The craft did make slight adjustments in speed, and direction, but nothing concrete. They we're relatively quick adjustments, not a gradual increase or change. The speed was an almost instant increase, of about 10-25%.  The directional change was instant, but only 5-10 Degrees from its original course. The distance the craft moved is unknown to me, but an easy comparison is 7-10 hand widths when an arm is extended making the “stop” hand motion. On a number line comparison 0 being perpendicular to the water's edge - being left, + being right, the craft started at -2 hand widths from left (when i turned and noticed it was there), proceeding to +5 or more hand widths to the right  he craft seemed to fade into the sky as it reached the end of its path. I did not break eye contact with the craft (other than to blink) for the duration of the sighting – which was less than 5 minutes but completely convincing in every way as to it being extraterrestrial in nature.;44.6050227272727;-80.5931045454545
