Light beings bring ships onto sand @ Ft. Lauderdale Beach;2016-02-12 23:00:00;30 minutes;Light beings bring ships onto sand @ Ft. Lauderdale Beach I was at Fort Lauderdale Beach with four of my friends, around 11 P.M., on February 12, 2016.  In the sky there was a lot of bright stars and what we thought was a planet.  This “planet” gave off a light light that was shining so bright the surface of the ocean lit up.  There also seemed to be a large amount of incoming planes from over the horizon, which were also reflecting light off the water.  (Airplanes do not have lights that bright.) More “planes” kept coming and they kept getting lower. 	We soon realized that these were ships morphing into and disguising as our crafts. We could see it happening.  All of the lights began coming closer and brighter.  I saw the light that looked like a planet come from high in the sky to low and it slowly moved towards us.  Once it got close, it looked like a huge military ship, but it was translucent.  It gave off both blueish and redish glows.  Within the huge ship were several small light beings that seemed to control the ship.  They got so close that the ship was coming onto the sand.  We receded back to the parking lot and it kept coming closer. It remained hovering stationary for about 15-20 minutes. 	This being was within 10 feet of us.  We didn’t know what to do and we were all trying to process what we were seeing.  I was really worked up and excited. When I left, I felt like the beings had contacted me telepathically (but I can’t speak for the others).  I didn’t hear a voice, but it was like my brain received a message.  I knew that the thoughts I had about the way they felt came right from them. They told me they had the power to do ANYTHING and they are invincible.  They are light beings making contact with us because we attracted them to us.  They came in peace and I left with feelings of euphoria.;26.1291795933187;-80.218148293392
Triangle shaped, 3 lights flashing red from a distance, looked like a bright star in the sky.;2019-05-30 20:23:00;3 hours;Triangle shaped, 3 lights flashing red from a distance, looked like a bright star in the sky I was walking home from dinner with sister my 9 year old daughter.  We live one block from the beach in Fort Lauderdale.  There are multiple ways to go home but it was such a beautiful night we decided to walk along the beach last night.  My daughter saw a VERY BRIGHT STAR (as we were walking north towards our home).  My sister jokes that it’s not a star but a planet. We saw another similar looking star not far away start to move -?we assumed it was a plane because we are about 20 minutes from the airport. However the airport is South of us & remember we are headed north.  No big deal at the moment... then the bright star began to move we thought it was our imagination so kept walking home.  My sister has a headache so we rushed back to our condo because friends were coming to meet us by the beach.  As I was coming out of my bathroom my sister screamed that as our friends were walking along the beach to us (2 miles south) they captured glowing flying objects in the! sky - our friend happens to believe in aliens & UFOs.  All of us do, however we didn’t assume that’s what they were at first.  We went back to the beach out of curiosity. All 3 of us climbed into a life guard stand facing the ocean to get a better look - sure enough we saw the flying glowing wings objects overhead.  One few over us and we could clearly see 3 lights in a triangle formation.  The lights looked read from a distance (almost like a ball of fire that has been contained).  They seemed to communicate with us on the ground & to each other through these lights.  The strange thing is that none of these large objects made any sound - we have the Airshow every April in Ft Lauderdale & it is extremely loud & noisy.  Furthermore, one object would stop & literallyvresemble a very bright star then wait for a few more to meet up & move together in unison.  No matter how many of these objects were in the sky at once... we watch from my balcony facing the intercostal an hour later - ! they never crossed paths. We took 5 videos on social media sho! wing pro of of these lights .  I watched other videos on YouTube & various news sources from others.  They look EXACTLY the same as ours.  This went in for 3 hours. Then we noticed they appeared to be landing behind the Las Olas bridge one after another. I would say without exaggeration at least 25-30 kept waiting them disappear and another one would show up. The oddest thing was before we left the beach there was a silent one that started water skiing it was also silent but had the 3 lights & it changed shape.  Since all we had were street lights... I could see waves follow it however it was completely quiet. Nobody water skis with only 3 small lights at 11pm.  That isvwhen they sharks come out. We know what we saw...  it was exhilarating yet mysterious.  We didn’t feel that there was any harm meant for us.  Now with all these other sightings world wide I would like some answers please & Thabk You for reading my report if you made it this far.  Cheers.;26.1291795933187;-80.218148293392
