Flew with purpose as if it were pre-programmed;1986-07-15 21:30:00;20 min.;Flew with purpose as if it were pre-programmed I had just moved my family to a small town just north of Barrie Ontario. It was a comfortable very clear night and I happened to look out the window and noticed just how clear and bright that it was. With very little light coming from this very small rural sub-division I could see the brightness of the stars very clearly. As I was looking north towards what would be Midland (on the shores of Georgian Bay I noticed this unusually bright light in the sky. I realized that there was a radio antenna in that general direction and at first thought that thats what I was looking at.  But as I looked harder I could make out the red lights of the antenna off to the left of the bright light. the light was just sitting there and I realized that out there in the boonies that li8ght shouldn't be there.  I went outside to get a better look when I seen it move very slowly but hadn't travelled too far. I listened hard trying to hear if it were making any noise, thinking that I may be a helicopter. There was no noise. It looked as if it were very close, maybe a mile away.  Remembering my first sighting of a UFO as I boy (which I have just reported that to you), I decided that it was something that I wanted to investigate. The light was still sitting there motionless so I took a chance and went in to get the wife so she could go with me to try and drive to where it was.  We headed out from our north location in town where I had a clear view of the object the whole time. As we approached a 90 degree turn on the road I looked over to the object on my left and watched it move again (slowly)towards the east about 500 yards. By this time I was afraid that driving and keeping my eyes on the object was getting dangerous so i pulled over on this quiet road and shut the engine off to see if I could detect any sound. By this time I was very close to the object,maybe 1/2 to 3/4 mile.  My wife got out with me and we watched and listened. There was no noise whatsoever. I could not make out any form or particular shape. Just very bright.  It moved again slowly and still in an easterly direction. After about another 10 min. It shot very suddenly across some flat land and over to a high ridge which I estimated to be about 7 miles away. While it was near us I estimate that it was less than 1000 ft. When it moved toward the ridge I would estimate its speed at between 5 and 600 m.p.h. As soon as it got to the ridge it slowed and was running along the ridge at an estimated 10 m.p.h. What that made me think was that it had such pre-planned purpose. Knew exactly where it was and where it was going. The only thing that came to mind of what it could possibly be doing there was exploring for minerals. there are a few cattle farms and dairy but little else.  It flew the entie length of the ridge and then zipped at incredible speed at about a 60 degree angle toward the north and was out of sight in a second or less. there again as an ex airforce man and a studend of physics for many years, the only way to make something move that fast and changing direction that fast would be by using what I call differential variation between bodies (stellar)and by controling the variable lines of force of these bodies would allow them to control both the altitude and position.  I also believe that these objects that we see are exploratory vehicles which would be preprogrammed for a mission from a distant object. I think this because I don't believe any living vehicle could withstand the G's that a body would be subjected to. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  One of two high-quality reports from same source.  PD));44.5763;-79.8699
