White lights in distant sky travelling rapidly in separate directions observed by group for over 30 minutes.;2000-07-02 22:00:00;30+ minutes;White lights in distant sky travelling rapidly in separate directions observed by group for over 30 minutes. My husband and I had a group of family and friends over for annual fireworks display - adults and children present - on our farm.  That is why we all happened to be outside looking up at the sky.  About 10pm we saw a white light in the distant sky to the northeast and the object was moving from the north to the south or southwest.  It was very distant, you could tell it was very high and it was moving much faster than a plane.  Everyone was talking about it and I suggested that it might be a satellite as I heard they move faster than planes.  About that time we saw another one - this one seemed to be coming from east to west and then another from south to north and so on. They seem to be appearing one at a time from the black night sky - almost as if they were stars that had been stationary and then just started moving.  We would watch them until they travelled out of our sight.  We thought that was an awful lot of satellites. One in particular, as it travelled from north to south and then westward out of our line of vision, seemed to flare very brightly for a second and then go back to normal. Also there was one that changed direction and at one point seemed almost to fishtail, or swirl. We aren't trying to indicate we saw alien crafts - as we are sure it was probably satellites, but we're curious as to what it could be.  We felt to stupid to call the airport and ask if they had anything on their radar. We watched for about 30 minutes and then it was like popcorn that was almost popped, there weren't so many and they weren't as often so we went inside. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.9082;-94.2304
Fast red light faster than a plane changed from red to white then another white light moved in opposite direction.;2020-07-13 00:15:00;2 seconds;Fast red light faster than a plane changed from red to white then another white light moved in opposite direction. I saw a red light traveling extremely fast.  The light changed from red to white and in one blink of the eye it was gone.  Then another bright white light moving slower came back and went in the opposite direction.  The white light was moving faster than a plane but slower than the red light I just saw one second before.;35.9082;-94.2304
