White light circles another bottom to top;2005-11-04 17:45:00;5 min;White light circles another bottom to top I was driving with my son after nightfall, and we saw two very bright white lights in the sky.  One was completely still, and the other was moving toward the first from the west.  The second light reached the first, and completely circled it, bottom to top.  It did this quickly, whihin 3 seconds.  Then both lights moved away from each other: one moving west the other moving east.  I thought at first they were helicopters, but there were no flashing lights, just a constant bright white light, even while they were moving away from our direction.  I don't believe a helicopter could fly below, up the side, over the top, and down the side of another all within 3 seconds.  I wouldn't have thought much of the lights if they hadn't circled like that.;42.0227;-71.018
Meteor rapidly decelerates and changes direction, procedes to fly off as if it were a normal aircraft.;2006-05-16 10:20:00;About 30 Sec.;Meteor rapidly decelerates and changes direction, procedes to fly off as if it were a normal aircraft. I was outside in my backyard smoking a cigarette.  I was looking to the west, observing passing aircraft.  I noticed a brilliant white flash and then a streaking white light, slightly to the left of the plane i was watching. It appeared to be heading diagonally down and east. At first I thought it was just an exceptionally large looking meteor, but in a matter of about two seconds this thing rapidly decelerated and changed direction.  As it slowed down the pure white color quickly faded to a dull off white/orangish glow. At this point the object appeared to be heading north, parallel to the horizon. Since the color had faded, the object was now barely visible against the night sky. At this point the object was traveling at a speed you would expect from a regular aircraft, and almost appeared to be one except with no strobing lights or red/green running lights or whatever they're called. I continued to watch the object for a good 20 to 30 seconds until my view of it became obscured by trees.  After seeing this I ended up staring at the sky for another four hours hoping to see something else but saw nothing besides planes and a regular satellite. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.0227;-71.018
