Four friends of mine and I observered at different times and sepperate locations triangular Craft with 3 lights flying through the sky;2004-10-19 12:00:00;There has been many sight;Four friends of mine and I observered at different times and sepperate locations triangular Craft with 3 lights flying through the sky My friend Eric and 2 of his friends told me of a night they slept out in a cabin on a river in my town. During the night at approximetly 10 p.m. for a duration of 3 hours they observed triangular craft ranging in different sizes and shapes flying over them in massive groups for 3 hours. He has seen these events on two occasions.  A week later I was at a campout in my high school behind this cementary when I saw 1 craft multiple times through out the night. It consisted of 3 white lights in a triangular formation flying silently 150-300 feet off the ground. It would fly slowy in which its front light would shut up and then the craft would disappear mysteriously. This happened multiple times. There was 6 or so witnesses at the camp site but most of them are non-beleiving narcs. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.0227;-71.018
Triangular shaped craft with star field camouflage on underside which made no engine noise as it passed overhead.;2021-04-13 22:15:00;10 seconds;Triangular shaped craft with star field camouflage on underside which made no engine noise as it passed overhead. At approximately 10:15 pm on Tuesday April 13 2021, a pair of faint pinpoint lights resembling satellites traveling in formation approached from the south. I have seen the ISS pass overhead before, when a craft had just recently undocked and was slowly moving away, and this was similar, in that the lights were traveling along adjacent parallel paths. As the lights grew closer, I noticed that there was an area of distortion between the two small lights. A faint shimmer of light was projecting forward from each of the lights, angled toward a centerline between the two lights, but not reaching far enough forward to intersect each other. The closer the lights came, the more confusing the distorted image between the lights became until the lights passed directly overhead. At that moment of closest approach, with the object directly overhead, the distortion seemed to resolve into a black triangular shape, with the lights appearing at the trailing points of the triangle. As the craft passed between myself and the stars, it obscured the stars behind it, but there were starlike points of light that were present on the underside of the craft. They did not match up with the stars that were in the background but appeared as though it were a type of camouflage mimicking the starfield. The craft continued north and the distorted area quickly disappeared and the parallel lights faded into the distance shortly thereafter. The entire observation was only about 10 seconds. If the craft was above the atmosphere, it was gigantic and moving very fast. If it was within the atmosphere, it produced no contrail and it was totally silent. No engine noise whatsoever. I checked the NASA website and while there was a resupply and docking on 4/9/21, the orbital path of the ISS was not overhead on 4/13/21. I’ve lived under the flight paths and holding patterns of Logan airport for my entire life and I’ve never seen an aircraft like this before. I am a 68 years old male with an MSHS.  Currently retired, I was a clinical lab supervisor and a registered clinical microbiologist.;42.0227;-71.018
