Object was Metalic shinning silver saucer shaped with arch hanging down on the left and right side.  Me and my wife observed for about ;1998-07-17 02:02:00;2 Min;Object was Metalic shinning silver saucer shaped with arch hanging down on the left and right side.  Me and my wife observed for about 2 minutes, the object was well above the clouds. The rotated so that the arch was now lined up and it looked like a saucer with a bump down the center.  The oject began to move east ward at first slow and then picked up speed.  It was out of sight in about 5-6 Seconds The object glowed when it picked up speed because I noticed when it went past the clouds about 10 miles ahead of us I saw the light flicker through the clouds giving away its position.  I would say the object was well over 70-80 Thousand feet due to the amount of flutter of light that was seen.  It wasn't easy getting the exact shape due to this affect but me and my wife keep trying to catch the exact objects shape.  The amount of speed and distance it traveled was amazing.;30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
unknown craft saw on flat bed trailer being escorted by highway patrol;1999-06-08 00:30:00;20 sec;unknown craft saw on flat bed trailer being escorted by highway patrol RECENTLY I WAS ON MY WAY HOME FROM WORK AT 0030 AND TRAVELING ON I-295 SOUTH NEAR BLANDING BLVD. OFF IN THE DISTANCE, I SAW BLUE AND YELLOW FLASHING LIGHTS IN THE NORTH BOUND LANE. I FIGURED THIS TO BE AN ACCIDENT AT FIRST WITH THE FLORIDA HIGHWAY PATROL ON SCENE AND A WRECKER. (THE FHP HAS ONLY BLUE ON THIER LIGHT BARS, WHERE THE LOCAL POLICE HAS RED WHITE AND BLUE. THE WRECKERS USE A YELLOW LIGHT.) I THEN NOTICED THAT THEY WERE TRAVELING NORTHBOUND, WITH A HIGHWAY PATROL CAR IN FRONT AND BEHIND A SEMI TRACTOR PULLING AN EXTENDED FLATBED. THE SEMI TRACTOR HAD A YELLOW FLASHER ON TOP of it. THE VEHICLES WERE TRAVELING AT A RATE OF SPEED, THAT I GUESSED AT 75 TO 80 MPH. I THEN PASSED THE VEHICLES IN THE AREA OF BLANDING BLVD, WHICH IS AN AREA THAT IS WELL LIGHTED. THE SEMI WAS PULLING AN EXTENDED LOW BOY TYPE FLAT BED TRAILER WITH AN UNKNOWN CRAFT ON THE BACK OF IT. THE FRONT HALF OF IT WAS COVERED WITH A TARP THAT WAS LOOSLEY TIED AND WAS FLAPING LOUDLY AT THE TRAILING ENDS. FROM THE SHAPE OF THE TARP, THE FRONT APPEARED ARCHED LIKE A BOW ON BOTH ITS HOROZONTAL AND VERTICAL AXIS. IT THEN NARROWED ON ALL SIDES TO A FLATTEND ROUND MIDDLE AND THEN FLARED TO TWIN CIRCULAR RINGS(SIDE BY SIDE) THAT WERE APPROXIMATELY 10 FEET TALL BY 3 FEET LONG. THE OVERALL LENGTH IS PROBLY 65 FEET, AND IT WAS TAN IN COLOR. THE CRAFT APPEARED TO BE RESTING AT A 10 DEGREE ANGLE TO ONE SIDE. THE NEXT DAY AT WORK I DESCRIBED WHAT I SAW TO A CO-WORKER THAT HAD RECENTLY GOTTEN OUT OF THE ARMY AS A LIEUTENNANT. HE STATED THAT HE HAD NEVER SEEN SEEN ANYTHING SUCH AS I HAD DESCRIBED, MILITARY OR OTHER. I AM A LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER FOR A METROPOLITAN CITY HERE IN NORTH FLORIDA. I HAVE WORKED DIFFERENT SHIFTS FOR YEARS AND HAVE SEEN ALOT OF THINGS, BUT I HAVE NO EXPLANATION FOR THIS. BUT I HAVE COME UP WITH A FEW QUESTIONS 1. WHY AT NIGHT, WAS THIS OVERSIZE OBJECT BEING TRANSPORTED? 2. WHY USE THE F.H.P.? WHO ARE STRICTLY FORBIDDEN TO PROVIDE COMMERCIAL ESCORT. 3. WHY USE A LOOSLY COVERED TARP? STATUES PROVIDE THAT OBJECTS THAT NEED TO BE COVERED MUST BE SECURE. NORMALLY IF YOU SEE SOMTHING BEING HAULED WITH A TARP ON IT. THE TARP IS FASTENED DOWN SO AS NOT FLAP IN THE BREEZE. AND THIS TARP LOOKED OLD AND STAINED. 4. WHY COVER JUST THE FRONT OF IT? MY THOUGHTS I FELT THAT THIS WAS A CRAFT OF SORTS TO PROVIDE TRANSPORT. I FELT THAT THIS CRAFT WAS BEING HAULED AT NIGHT TO CONCEAL WHAT IT WAS. AND THAT THE TARP THROWN OVER THE FRONT OF IT WAS AN AFTER THOUGHT. THE TWIN RINGS APPEARED TO BE SOME TYPE OF PORT, AND APPEARED TO BE ON THE REAR END OF THE CRAFT. I DID NOT SEE ANY BLACKENING AROUND THESE REAR PORTS. AT THIS POINT IM CONSIDERING THIS OBJECT UNIDENTIFIED AND THIS IS WHY IM SENDING YOU THIS INFORMATION. I WISH TO REMAIN ANONYMOUS.;30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
I was outside after coming back from a dance.  It was between 2:45am and 3:00am.  I was outside because it was said that Mercury, Mars,;2006-12-10 02:45:00;5 to 10 seconds;I was outside after coming back from a dance.  It was between 2:45am and 3:00am.  I was outside because it was said that Mercury, Mars, and Jupiter were going to be so close together that the naked eye could see it.  So after searching the sky, I looked straight up and saw a falling star.  No more than 5 seconds later, an object moved across the sky, then dissapered.  It then immediately reappeared and disssapeared again.  The oject appeared pretty big, but made no noise.  I knew it was not a plane because a plane being that close would make alot of noise, but the object was quiet.  It was shaped like a triangle, but with one side carved in.  It was almost shaped like a stealth plane except this object had light around the edges of its sides.;30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
Comet-like UFO. Major air surveilance at time of sighting. Two seperate crafts sighted.;2011-03-06 19:00:00;minutes;Comet-like UFO. Major air surveilance at time of sighting. Two seperate crafts sighted. Thank You for your time. Please excuse this for its minor length. I saw two objects. The first object was heading north bound, actually flying across the little dipper constellation. The second object appeared immediately to the north when the first object flew over the tree line. The sky was clear and bright with stars. A few miles down my road is Historic Camp Milton. I looked on Google Earth a few months back and saw that they have an air strip. It is not uncommon to see helicopters flying a perimeter around the base.  So, I assume the base is active.  But there isn’t much plane activity going in an out of Camp Milton. On March 6, 2011, at roughly 4:00 p.m., I was alarmed to hear low flying planes, so I went outside to have a look. I saw two radar planes, flying at least a mile apart, circling a huge perimeter around Camp Milton within 200 ft from tree level. I also noticed various planes at various clearances moving at various speeds, with the fastest I guessed was moving at around Mach 2. They were peppering the sky with activity. The spectacle of seeing so many planes in the air, with a lot of them moving in formation, was enough to be in awe over, or at least enough to make me question.  It also gave me a lot of things to compare my sightings to. So, I did question. I figured they were looking for something, so I kept looking up, hoping to maybe catch a glimpse of what they were searching for. These radar planes were circling for hours. At around 9 p.m. after checking the scene out a few times, I just stared up in no general area thinking something would catch my eye. That’s when I saw the first UFO. This sighting lasted 3-5 minutes. It caught my attention much as a shooting star would, but it was moving much slower. Light put off was a constant when it was visible, but would fade in and out, much like a comet, but the trail lasted longer. The craft was still moving at a fantastic rate for its altitude. It looked as if it were among the stars. When it would appear, it would be further than I had saw it, but its position did not make sense in relation to its speed. It never blipped or blinked, only faded in and out in no apparent pattern. It took anywhere from 3 seconds to 10 seconds to reappear. Each time it appeared, it looked like a shooting star. I know it wasn’t a meteor shower, because it kept a path. It was a yellowish light that had a haze to it, not a definite shimmer as a distant light might have within our atmosphere. It moved directly north, but after a few appearances, I lost it for around 10 seconds only to see it reappear, heading directly east and over th! e tree line. I was astonished, but saddened that I couldn’t watch it for long. That’s when a bright light caught my eye to the north. This sighting lasted around 10 seconds. The light from this UFO was blue, much like the new types of headlights for automobiles. It appeared and descended a little past Camp Milton, maybe a couple of miles above the tree line, which is within 8 miles from my house. The light was huge. I thought it was a helicopter, but it was moving much faster. The light had an aura, much like any flashlight shined in your eye, then it seemed to dim to as faint as a distant star, never blinking remaining constant. It curved down, then flew off in a 45 degree angle, away from the horizon, until I could see the light no more. This sighting happened within 10 seconds, so I guessed that this craft was moving at a stellar rate of speed. There were no clouds in the sky at the time, so I was able to see it fade to nothing as it seemed to ascend into the sky. Both sightings combined happened within minutes. I stayed outside and kept watch. I noticed one other thing, which was a blip of light around Orion’s belt, which I dismissed.. But then I saw that blip in the same spot. I could hear the planes circling on until midnight. I went outside for a late cigarette around 1 in the morning and there were NO PLANES IN THE SKY. I sat there for a while to try and see another plane, but there were none to be seen for my duration of looking at the sky. A thick fog rolled in around 3 in the morning. My rational explanation for the first sighting would be that it was a stealth plane. I may have saw its propulsion. I know they move at incredible speeds.  But, for the other, I have no guess. It was amazing.;30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
Jacksonville, Fla spots red/yellow glow in night sky with changing, slower velocity and then going black;2013-05-20 20:45:00;2-3 minutes;Jacksonville, Fla spots red/yellow glow in night sky with changing, slower velocity and then going black I am a science teacher and tonight, as I entered the house just after dusk, I noticed a large, bullet shaped object coming towards my part of the overhead atmosphere.  At it's speed I first thought it to be a helicopter, due to size and altitude, but it had no noise and no visible tapering tail end.  It was shaped more like a ahort bullet and glowed reddish/orange/yellow as if it were extremely warm.  It was not a meteor.  It did not travel in a straight path but rather moved slowly on an angle, as if to steer it self a bit and then straighten out again.  I had enought time to call a witness to this from in the house. As the oject moved over head it appeared to pulse with this heat while it seemed like it was losing some of that heat.  It was moving slowly, like a slow helicopter speed.  As it pulled away finally, after 2 minutes, it started to cool and slowly went black, not to relight.  I looked to watch it then continue on it's way, as black stone looking object as if it never been lighted in the 1st place. This object had no flaming, fireball tail and did not appear to be disintergrating.  It just looked aglow and seemed to pulsate with reddish/yellow heat.  Moving at a rather astonishly slow clip. Once black, it drifted out of sight to the north. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
A fast-moving, pentagon-shaped object rapidly transiting across the norhtern face of the moon.;2016-06-23 00:31:00;5 seconds;A fast-moving, pentagon-shaped object rapidly transiting across the norhtern face of the moon. Observation of a Fast Moving Lunar Transit Anomaly Jacksonville, Florida, June 23, 12:31 EDT.   At about 0:31 hours (12:31 EDT, to the nearest minute) this morning, I was observing the waning gibbous moon from our driveway with a 4.25” f/6 reflecting telescope.  At the time, I was using a magnification of about 100X with a # 21 orange filter.  Although the rising moon was still low in the SE, seeing was quite good, and there were no clouds or haze. While observing features on the lunar terminator near Mare Serenitatis, I noticed a fast moving, solid black pentagon-shaped object traversing from west to east [moving from the terminator roughly in the direction of Mare Imbrium] across the lower (mid-northern) portion of the moon.  The estimated time of passage before it swept out of the eyepiece’s field of view was – my best guess – well under five seconds.  As I was not wearing a watch, I immediately went inside and looked at a wall clock (known to be accurate within a minute or so), and recorded the time. The most unusual aspect of this observation was the shape of the object.  Because it swept across the field of view so rapidly, I am not 100% sure that I am getting this exactly right, but my recollection is that its silhouette was something between a pentagon and a five-pointed star, as shown on the accompanying drawing.  This rendering is based on a quick pencil sketch that I made within a few minutes of seeing the object.  The thing that sticks in my mind is that this object was inky black and perfectly symmetrical – with no change of shape or tumbling effect as it crossed the face of the moon. As to the object’s size, I have tried to relate it to some of the named lunar craters in this area, and – again, to the best of my ability – it seems to have had an apparent angular size midway between that of Menelaus (27 km) and Manilius (39 km), so my best guess would be an apparent size of about 30 km, as projected against the lunar disc. Based on its eastward trajectory, moving roughly in line with the ecliptic, my suspicion is that this is some kind of large, earth orbiting satellite – but what could it be?  Although I have never witnessed a lunar transit by the International Space Station, I am familiar with its appearance, both as it has been imaged in telescopes and as it has been photographed traversing the moon, but the object that I observed looked noting like this. Has anyone else seen anything like this? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides very nice illustration of what the object looked like in the field of view of his telescope.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM #1 FROM WITNESS)) Hello Peter -- Thanks for your follow-up email on the report that I submitted this morning.  You wrote: You do state in your report that the object appeared to be moving from west to east.  Am I correct in assuming that your statement implies west to east, as the witness faces the Moon, and not as he is looking at the (reversed) image in the telescope?  I think your drawing pretty well answers my question, but I would like to be certain on that point.  Yes, you are correct, moving from west to east across the face of the moon as shown in the diagram.  In my reflector's eyepiece view, everything is of course inverted but not mirror reversed, and I corrected for this in the drawing.  Always confusing.  One of these days, I am going to get a good penta-prism so I can get non mirror-reversed views in my refractor, lol. Of perhaps more interest, I shared my report with a friend, a retired aerospace engineer [His wife is a retired aerospace engineer, too, lol.] who was able to take the data -- with a few assumptions about a probable earth orbit height -- and perform the following simple calculations: ((calculation)) Hello ((witness name deleted)), You don't need trig for this one, just algebra. 30km (object)/ 376364km (Earth, Moon Distance - surface to surface) =  X/200 miles.  Solving for X, we get .0159 miles which at 5280 ft/mile  gives a size of approximately 84 feet, about right for a large spy  satellite or old booster tank.  Likely just more space junk. ((name deleted)) PS. You may find this site interesting. http://www.stuffin.space/ Click  on an object to see what it is. Hummmm.  84 feet is not as large as I thought it might be, but it would seem to fit the data pretty well  I remain puzzled by the odd symmetrical shape, but perhaps this is the way that some satellites are constructed.   Anyway, thanks again for the follow-up on the report.  My feeling is that we have now, most likely, gone from a UFO to an earth satellite, albeit of unknown origin, lol.   PS--Yes, you have my permission to post the drawing, and -- if possible -- it might be interesting to post Richard's back of the envelope calculations as well as a postscript, so long as there is no need to specifically identify him. PPS--I always enjoy hearing your segment on Coast to Coast, and hearing about what other people are seeing in the sky these days.  As I have mentioned to you, my only real UFO observation was made back when I was a kid -- almost sixty years ago, now.  The truly amazing thing is how much data has been gathered about this phenomenon over all of the intervening years, but how little we still seem to know about what it all really means.   Clear Skies -- ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM #1)) ((BEGIN ADDENDUM #2)) Hello Peter --        As for my friend's calculations, you are correct, there was indeed some bootstrapping involved, lol.  At my suggestion, he made the assumption, as a starting point, that the object was in low earth orbit at an arbitrarily chosen altitude.  Then, he applied the simple geometric calculations that you see to get its approximate size.           Obviously, if the object was not in this type of orbit -- in a higher orbit, or much closer to the lunar surface -- then it becomes much larger, and far more problematic in terms of an explanation.  The limiting case would be a huge object -- on par with the diameter of a moderate sized lunar crater -- flying at incredible velocity over the face of the moon.  Think Independence Day II, lol.        On the other hand, its [unhappily, not very well] observed transit time can also serve as a geometric limiting factor.  That is, if something is seen to cross the entire face of the moon in, say, five seconds, then this (from the application of simple geometry) gives us a strong indication about where -- and how fast -- it must be moving relative to the earth and the moon.  In this case, all of the parameters, working backward, seem to fit the more mundane explanation that this is some kind of earth satellite, but it still might not be... Going Down the Rabbit Hole        As I mentioned in my last email, the most interesting / deeply troubling aspect of all of this is that most of us -- you, me, and the Coast listenership -- seem to be struggling to come up with some kind of logical, rational, and more or less coherent and comprehensible model of what the UFO phenomenon is all about and what it might actually mean in practice.  Sadly, this is not the model that our government seems to be pursuing -- cf, the contributions of everyone from Richard Dolan to Dr. Steven Greer -- and we never seem to get much closer to a real understanding of what is happening.        As I remember you observing many years ago, such a deliberately orchestrated denial / obfuscation of reality is absolutely toxic to our form of representative government, and this would help to explain everything from the pent-up anger of the public [The Brits seem to have voted to leave the EU yesterday.] to the near total dysfunction of Official Washington.  We are, at best, living in a carefully manufactured official reality where very little is what it appears to be, including the sundry aerial phenomena that you record every day, and yet nothing much is done about it.        Unlike the more optimistic assessment of Dr. Greer and others, my fear is that we live in a world in which anything like official disclosure (or even a simple confession of ignorance as to the exact nature and purposes of the phenomenon) may never occur, and The Powers That Be will simply do whatever is necessary to make sure that their version of reality sticks, even though an increasing majority of citizens know better.  How our present system of government can survive such a dual reality in which everyone knows that its public officials are lying in their teeth about important things is open to question*, but it took quite a while for the Soviet system to implode, and TPTB now have much better tools with which to mold / coerce society**. *As seems to be taking place in the election of 2016, lol. ** See, for example, Jane Mayer's recent book, Dark Money. As a number of people in the field of ufology seem to be calling for at this point [Many of these people have appeared on Coast and in other venues.], perhaps the best that we can do is to continue creating a citizen-sourced, distributed network model type of investigation that simply gives up on the idea the gov'mint will ever come clean with the public in this area.  Instead, we will, I hope, end up with something like a Wikipedia of UFO-related material that will constitute (for most people, probably) a viable alternative to the manufactured reality that the government and / or TPTB continue to shovel in our direction.  Then, based on this open, public consensus version of reality, perhaps we can begin to do something--whatever this might turn out to be--about our objective situation vis a vis the things that everybody keeps seeing in the sky. Thanks, as always, for your help with this -- ((witness name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM #2));30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
Oval with flashing green and red lights, hovering and no sound.;2017-02-01 18:30:00;Ongoing;Oval with flashing green and red lights, hovering and no sound. Hovering object believed to be a smaller plane at first with red and green flashing lights.  Bright white light at head of object.  Oval in shape with a elongated back.  Hovering just above tree line with no sound.  Drove past and noticed another one half a mile away flying towards other craft but unusually slow.  Also, no sound.  Noticed another about 3 miles away that flew slow and straight, the bolted upwards at a extremely fast speed.;30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
Fast moving, black star-shaped object seen transiting the moon at 144X magnification.;2017-11-30 17:57:00;~1 second;Fast moving, black star-shaped object seen transiting the moon at 144X magnification. Another Lunar Fast Walker?  While observing the moon last night with a three inch (80 x 900 mm) refractor, I saw a black, star-shaped object transiting through the eyepiece field of view at approximately 17:57, EDT.  [Please see the attached diagram for more details.]  I was observing the Aristarchus - Herodotus area of the moon--near the lunar terminator at this time--with a star diagonal and a magnification of 144X .  The waxing gibbous moon was rising in deep twilight, and seeing was excellent.  At the time of the sighting, I had just switched to a 12 mm eyepiece with a 2X Barlow, and just as I was coming to focus with this combination I glimpsed a black, five-pointed, star-shaped object transiting from right to left through the eyepiece field of view (FOV). All of this happened very fast--probably in less than 1 second--and my impression is that when I first saw the object it had already begun to cross the FOV, and I was only able to observe it as it moved toward the left side of the image.  Again, please see the associated diagram for more details.  Note that since I was using a star diagonal which gives a mirror-reversed image, the object was actually moving from east to west--the opposite of what is shown in the eyepiece view. As a point of interest, this is actually the second of these objects that I have seen while observing the moon.  The earlier observation took place on June 23, 2016, and there is a report on file with NUFORC.  As memory serves--and going back to my earlier report to confirm my recollection--this is exactly the same type of object that I observed last year, and moving in the same east to west direction. As I am at best a casual (as opposed to a systematic) observer of the moon, I am wondering about the reported frequency of sightings of objects of this type.  Given that I have now seen two of these within the space of a year and a half, it would seem to me that others must also be seeing them.  But what is it, exactly, that I and presumably others are seeing?  ((name deleted)) Jacksonville, FL;30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
Activity after the meteorite hit in Florida;2019-03-30 23:00:00;15 minutes;Activity after the meteorite hit in Florida On the night of 30 March 2019, I was working as a security officer on the northbound rest stop on interstate 95, near exit 331.  As I was making my rounds, I saw a bright object fall smoothly to the ground.  It was too smooth to be a flare, or fireworks.  Amazed, I walked over to a trucker and asked if he saw what I have just seen.  He said no, we joked for a minute about UFO’s, and he went on his way. I was still confused, so I returned to the spot where I witnessed the light.  As I was staring in the area, two objects appeared in the sky.  They were off set from each other.  They were maneuvering unlike anything I have ever witnessed on this earth.  At first I thought that they were flying bugs in the distance that were attracted to the street light.  But they were flying smoothly around the area where the light fell.  I was still convinced that my eyes were playing tricks with me, because the objects began to mimic my movement.  They would glide back and forth in sequence.  Then they would maneuver around each other.  When I took steps forward, they ascended, then stopped, when I backed up, they would descend, then stop.  I was convinced it was not my eyes because as I continued to stare, they started gliding again.  This went on for about a good 5 minutes.  Then, I guess they got tired of messing around and disappeared. The objects reminded me of a dragon fly.  They were not saucer shaped, and I did not see any lights coming from them.  I would say drones, but I never saw two drones fly next to each other with that much control, and speed. This report may be nothing, but I will never forget what I saw.  I only wrote this report because, I was reading the news today, and they claimed that the light was a meteorite.;30.2961661157026;-81.6329371900828
