Floating lamplike UFO;2002-07-04 21:00:00;9min;Floating lamplike UFO No beacons like a plane,helicopter. Seemed to glow and moved at a slow speed. Top of craft looked like a lamp shade. The glow was yellow-orange. ((NUFORC Note:  We presume an evening sighting, and have amended the time accordingly.  PD));33.1920836734694;-117.240129931973
small dark object in sky, not traveling.;2006-09-25 18:30:00;5 minutes aprox;small dark object in sky, not traveling. I want to start out by saying I still hold out there's a possibility that maybe what we saw was some sort of mylar shaped baloon, like the sort you get from the super market. But I want to make my report in case others in the area saw something, the same thing or more and can confirm it wasn't a fancy mylar baloon. Would also like to add my husband and I were the witnesses and we both wrote our descriptions of what we saw and little diagrams within 5 minutes after the incident so the details would be fresh. We were driving down Vista way, past the theater area and saw a black object in the sky. It was about 6:30 pm so the sky was still well lit with the sun just only starting to set. I did see a small plane in the area, like one of those itty bitty 2 seater ones. The object was black, didn'ty seem shiny in any way, seemed rather small and high up. It looked like it was in my opinion either changing shape or rotatinging and the effect was it looked like it was changing shape. (If this was a mylar baloon maybe it was spinning producung the same effect??) Both of our first impressions was that it seemed like roundish and then more ovalish, flatter, like it was wobbling or changing shape. If it was changing shape or spinning it wasn't doing it at a high speed but was slow. We pulled over into a parking lot and got out of the car and looked up at the object. It was then we noticed an orangish spot, or light on one side of the object. I couldnt tell if it was a light or not. My husband's opinion of the orange light was that maybe it was a reflection off the top of the object from the sun that was low in the sky, but he wonders why the bottom of the object wasn't orange too if this was the case , and maybe the darkness of the bottom of the object was the actual colour of the object. We were both frustrated about not being able to see more details clearly when I remembered we keep a small pair of binnoculars in the glove box, they're a cheapo pair and don't magnify very much but would be better then nothing, we were leaning against the car while watching the object so it only took a few seconds to grab the binnoculars, my husband looked away from the sky for even less time then I did and when looked back the object was gone. Just gone, weird timing on the binocular thing but maybe it was a coincidence. If it was a balloon we saw then maybe it popped? We spent another few minutes looking around  to see if maybe we just lost sight of it but never saw it again. The object was sharply defined against the pale sky so it wouldnt have been hard to see if we had just lost track of where it was. Also the object to our eyes seemed to be in a fixed position the whole time we saw it (which made us doubt the balloon theory a bit) It didn't seem to be climbing in altitude either.;33.1920836734694;-117.240129931973
Stange contrails in the western horizon off coast of San Diego.;2006-11-16 11:00:00;30 minutes;Stange contrails in the western horizon off coast of San Diego. Man! I am now completely discouraged by that rude, shell shocked operator on the NUFORC hotline. I'll keep it sipmple.  If anyone can tell me what the heck was making those strange contrail in the western horizon in San Diego County please let me know. And to that operator telling me it is impossibled to tell how high something is from the ground? Im not giving you an exact measurement. All I do know is that whatever it was, based on the speed, motion and movement this event was taking place at a distance measured in miles as opposed to feet. And to that rude operator who says UFO's done leave contrails? If I could identify that flying object I wouldn't be contacting you would I. If it was a small jet or comercial airline flying at high altitude why was it making such stange movements, why did it appear to explode into a bright white arch, how did it morph into a white sphere then grow into a much larger band of white gas? Oh, wait a minute Mr. operator, I thought it was impossible to determine the altitude of a flying object from the ground? High is right, far is right, very unusual is right. At this time is this a Unidentified Flying Object that left contrails (or maybe vapor trails)? Absolutely! Thats why I am doing this. I just hope there is someone out there that can help me identify this flying object.And mr operator, as for all those hoax phone calls from the (760) area code, THIS IS NOT ONE OF THEM!!! ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness was observing contrails, but we cannot be certain.  PD));33.1920836734694;-117.240129931973
Got a call this morning from my boyfriend stating that there was a really bright star.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably Venus.  PD));2018-11-25 04:30:00;1 hour;Got a call this morning from my boyfriend who is located in San Marcos, CA, stating that there was a really bright star, that it’s not the moon because the moon is on the other side of the sky and I need to go outside and look at it now I was reluctant being it’s an here then he said it’s making weird shapes has a different glow to it so I go look and it just looks like a bright star and then we start taking pictures as I zoom in I noticed two blinking red lights and my boyfriend zoomed in sent me pictures it started making different shapes it looked like and then I video taped it and all of a sudden it was captured like a huge circle more like a stop sign with a little inner circle within it not sure what it is but it def looks like a ufo. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably Venus.  PD));33.1920836734694;-117.240129931973
