V Shaped craft over Night Sky in Alvarado TX. Oct. 1997;1997-10-15 22:00:00;30 secs;V Shaped craft over Night Sky in Alvarado TX. Oct. 1997 About 10pm my wife and I were returning from Ft. Worth, TX. I was pulling into the driveway which faces west. The sky was clear and dark except for the stars which shone brightly against the black sky. We live in a mobil home which runs north and south. We have a security lamp on the electric pole which illuminates our driveway near the house. Even before I completly stopped the car, I could not help but notice something EXTREMELY LARGE passing slowly over our house. We both got out of the car and uttered virtually the same words. What the Hell is that? Moving from South-West to North-East about 10 miles an hour was some huge flying craft. It was difficult to estimate size because it's only illumination was about seven glowing white lights along the wings in the front of the craft. In other words one light was centered at the nose and four down each wing. The craft was V Shaped like the front of a stealth fighter. It was enormous. I have since held my thumb up to the sky as a passing Commercial airliner flew over which easily covered the Jet. I believe the Jet was in the neighborhood of 3 thousand feet. It would have required both hands in front of my face to cover this craft that we saw. It passed so slowly that I knew it was no jet. The stall speed of even a propeller type craft was not even being met. It made absolutely No noise whatsoever. It was not a helicopter. As matter of fact it was too large to be even close to size of any Balloon, Plane , Helicopter or anything else that I have seen Man Made and in fLight. FT. Hood at Kileen, TX. is in the Direction from which it came. It blanked the stars out of the sky as it passed over which is how that I could tell that it was V Shaped. It had no flashing beacon nor the standard Red and Green Port and Starboard lights nor the flashing beacon all of which you expect to see on PLANES and Helicopters. Of couse I take into account that these would not be present if the Military was flying a secret STEALTH craft over. I believe that th! is Craft was flying no more than 1 thousand feet up. With that guestimation, I would say that the width was at least 3000 feet across and 1000 feet long. It blanked out a considerable portion of the sky noticing the disappearance of stars and their reappearnace. We observed the craft some 30 seconds until I could no longer make out the shape. The white lights along the wings did not seem to cast light in front of the craft They were however, visible even after it had passed over us. I never heard anything about it on the news. I have since heard of simular sightings within months of our sighting. I was prompted to leave this account by Mr. Davenport's Radio visit to COAST to COAST listening on  KVIL AM 570 Dallas WT. Worth and subsequently on WKOI AM 1200 San Antonio as we recently drove to Shreveport LA. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  We will encourage the witness to attempt to determine the date accurately.  PD));32.4395;-97.2130000000001
