A friend and I witnessed a rigid, boomerang shaped formation of between five and ten lights glide silently over our heads.;2019-07-30 01:11:00;15 seconds;A friend and I witnessed a rigid, boomerang shaped formation of between five and ten lights glide silently over our heads. On July 29th, 2019, a friend and I were sitting on a blanket on the lawn of a B & B in the little town of Powell River, British Columbia.  The B & B is a block from Marine Avenue, which runs along the sea coast.  My friend since high school is a web designer and entrepreneur I am a working musician.  We are both 51 years old.  The previous night had been clear and the stars bright, and I had witnessed a spectacular shooting star.  I was hoping for a repeat, but we were disappointed by the intermittent cloud cover and slight haziness in the air on this night.  The clouds were drifting very slowly to the East.  There was no moon and the night was still and silent. Some time between 1:10 am and 1:13 am--now the morning of the 30th--my friend nudged my shoulder, and directed my attention to the sky. Clearing the treetops, a strange light formation glided silently into view, traveling in a straight line from East to West, towards the ocean and directly over our heads.  I felt there was no time to fiddle with my phone--and I doubted it would capture the object anyway -- so I left it where it lay and leapt to my feet to better view the formation. The formation was shaped like a boomerang bent at about a 150 degree angle, with its elbow pointed in the direction of travel.  It consisted of between five and ten white lights (unfortunately, neither one of us counted the number).  The glow of the lights had a gentle, self-contained quality that reminded me of bio-luminescence.  They were not as bright as aircraft lights or stars, and were larger--more like orbs than pin-pricks.  The rigidity of the formation suggested a structure behind it, but I could not see any fuselage or wings. My friend does not need corrective lenses for distance, and so may have been able to perceive a bit more detail than I.  She said afterwards that she thought the lights were slightly oval.  She had been reminded of balloons trailing strings, and then she had thought of jelly fish.  I did not perceive these strings, however, as I focused on an individual light, I clearly saw it slide, with a slight arc, a few degrees out ahead of the other, then slide back into it's original position.  I say slide, because the motion did not seem aerodynamic or bird-like, nor wobbly and wind-blown, but rather fluid -- even fish-like.  My friend mentioned a pulsing of the lights, and I suspect this was her perception of the motion I was seeing. The following point may sound contradictory, but I want to be clear: while I saw this light move relative to the other, the entire formation as a whole was rigid.  If the lights were beads on a string, the string neither lengthened, nor shortened.  The angle of the boomerang did not change the two halves of the boomerang did not flex or wobble.  It did not veer, sway, or stretch out and reform such as a formation of birds will do (I've seen countless Canadian geese formations flying over my home in BC, and this was not that). It was not a string of Mylar balloons drifting on a breeze:  it was traveling too fast and straight, in a direction opposite to that of the slowly moving clouds, and in a manner that was -- as my friend insisted I mention -- intentional.  I completely agree with her on this point. The formation/object? crossed the the visible sky--an opening in the trees of perhaps 130 feet across--in about 15 seconds.  My impression was not one of extreme speed, but something like that of an aircraft.  It was well below the clouds, and given that I could discern the lights as orbs as opposed to pin-pricks, and also discern movement of the lights, I feel I was seeing it relatively close-up.  Our hands outstretched above our heads and held 18 to 24 inches apart, would have framed it.  I estimate it was perhaps 60 feet across, and not more than a few hundred feet above us.  It's possible it was a larger object farther away, but these are my impressions.  It was absolutely silent the whole time.;50.0189;-124.3231
