maybe a  somewhat round craft with three large lights per side, with a seperate round craft;1992-09-05 01:30:00;10 minutes;maybe a  somewhat round craft with three large lights per side, with a seperate round craft Moonless, but clear night. zero traffic. Saw what looked like a house window light in an area I knew there were no homes (very rural).I Slowed way down, then we realized the light was over the (Clearwater) river. At first I could see only one sq. window like light. Then it seemed as though we came around to the other side and there were three sq. lights and one round light. Like an exclamation sign on it's side. The sq lights were shaped like the legs of the 'Hilton H' (tighter in the middle and flared at the ends). The craft (object) seemed to float (no noise heard) over the top of us-about 100 ft high..then rise over the timbered hill to to the south of our then stopped vehicle. There remained a glow of light reflecting over the top of the night horizon. After a few minutes, just a round light came over (seemd to just pop over the hill top. It halted for a short amount of seconds, then expoded with speed straight up to the heavens. It seemed like it was in outer space in just a few seconds. The color of the light faded to a white color and the path seemed to bend as though it was changing course to more westerly direction. Common sense would tell me the path was optical illusion and just bent.;46.2166;-116.0329
at first there were window size lights, then a round lighted object, then the round object by itself that shot from ground level to the;1992-09-06 01:30:00;1o minutes??/;at first there were window size lights, then a round lighted object, then the round object by itself that shot from ground level to the I made a repoprt of this two times during the following two weeks after the sighting by I and My (school teacher) wife. We have never had any further communication with the ufocenter or Mufon or anyone. Yet we found this event so out of this world. I cannot imagine (other than reporting an abduction) any sighting so real. Is it normal to jsut go on with life. We cannot just treat it like seeing a beautiful landscape. We discuss it with each other constantly. Was  our report too outrageous to be bellieved by the center???  ((names deleted));46.2166;-116.0329
