March 21, 2005  NUFOR  Attn: Peter Davenport  I talked with you on the telephone and made a drawing rendition of what I and my wife wit;1992-08-06 01:00:00;10 minutes;March 21, 2005   NUFOR  Attn: Peter Davenport  I talked with you on the telephone and made a drawing rendition of what I and my wife witnessed on August 6, 1992.  We were near our home of Lewiston, Idaho on Hwy 12 traveling west. It was 1:00 AM on a clear but non-moonlit night. We saw a light that at first appeared to be a house window (opaque orange-ish). Traveling slowly I realized the light was right over the Clearwater River and as close as 100 yds (maybe closer).  First sight was one light then we seemed to see another side of this craft that had three rectangular lights and a round light (as if an exclamation mark on its side).  We rolled our windows down wondering, if it was a helicopter dropping for fire fighting water. No Noise. It slowly started to rise and move toward the Southwest and over the horizon to our due south.  When it disappeared over the tree lined horizon the appearance was of a forest fire (behind). Soon (within 10 seconds) a round light appeared to just pop over the same horizon and droop down and hold still for several seconds. It then darted straight up to the heavens.   In Mere seconds it appeared to be among the stars and changed from a white light to a blue cast light.  We watched it, until seeming to disappear, for many seconds. The speed was beyond all belief! When we looked back at the previous light over the top of the horizon it was gone. We seemed to be Euphoric and hesitated to discuss this for a long time. We waited about a three weeks before discovering your existence. We contacted you by phone and you asked for a hand drawn depiction which we provided. You also suggested contacting MUFON which we did.  We were visited by a MUFON investigator named Li (woman) who lived in Winchester Idaho. She told us she and her colleagues lived in fear for their lives.  She called me a week after our in person visit and invited me to come and watch a video that she said would change my life forever more.  When I attempted to contact her a week later to follow up and view this video she was no longer anywhere to found? ((NUFORC Note:  Li no longer is State Director of Idaho/MUFON.  PD));46.2166;-116.0329
A formation of 5 air crafts with rapid blinking red or green lights, one per vehicle flew overhead, very rapidly, no other lights.;2012-11-06 19:30:00;2 minutes;A formation of 5 air crafts with rapid blinking red or green lights, one per vehicle flew overhead, very rapidly, no other lights. AT about 7:30 PM on 11/06/12 we saw a collection of green and red blinking lights that looked stationary hovering over the hills due west of Kamiah, ID.  They were at that time in what looked like an L shape and stayed there for about 30 seconds, before suddenly moving in a SE direction. They looked at this point to be moving very fast, faster than you would normally see airplanes traveling overhead.  As they advanced it became clear that each blinking light was singularly attached to an individual craft.  They stayed in a formation of two lined up, one further out ahead and then two off to each side of the center formation.  There were no additional lights (headlight, wing lights, etc.).  The blinking lights were blinking so fast that it was almost like they were twinkling.  As they passed overhead, we could hear the sound of multiple engines (jet?).;46.2166;-116.0329
