Strange animal sounds and what appeared to be a plane crashing before seeing huge craft hovering over tree across from our home.;1974-10-15 18:30:00;45 min;Strange animal sounds and what appeared to be a plane crashing before seeing huge craft hovering over tree across from our home. It was fall and the days were getting shorter.  I had driven home from my job in Cleveland to my residence in extreme eastern Medina County.   After driving in my wife came out to meet me.  This was extremely unusual.  In a concerned manner she said what is that.  I have been hearing impaired for many years and wear at least one hearing aid.  I concentrated and it seemed like every animal or bird was making noises.  Our neighbor had horses that were acting up.  The next neighbor had chickens that were belting out and our cats were agitated.  I had no idea what had them spooked and said I was no farmer and was dinner ready. We went in and I had dinner.  Our home at that time was what could be called a by-level or raised ranch.  After dinner about 30 minutes latter I perched in front of the TV which was located in front a large window facing out to the east.   Although I cannot remember the exact date I recall  watching the evening news with Walter Cronkite that evening.  My wife was sitting on the couch also viewing the news.   I looked up from the TV and saw off in the distance two blinking lights about 30 feet apart of which one was red and I think the other was blue. I  thought  it was a small plane making an emergency landing and was concerned that the site was not level and had a lot of trees and a large pond.  When the two blinking light arrived at the pond they both disappeared.  Approximately 30 seconds elapsed from first seeing the lights till they disappeared.   Another 20 seconds passed and then the big surprise.  Down our two hundred foot driveway and perhaps another 75 feet hovering silently about 100 feet above an oval craft that glowed at first dark red then light red, pink, orange, yellow and then a bright white like a fluorescent light.  As the whole object glowed it was not possible to make out any detail.  The craft pulsated all this time like it was building up pressure to take off.   My wife and myself had come down the stairs and were viewing the event from the front stoop of our home.  We both felt very tranquil and had no fear.  I would have given anything to go and satisfy my curiosity.  As a matter of fact it will be my first question when I reach the here after.   Viewing the craft was about a minute.  I had the feeling that it just shot upward at blinding speed, however, it could have just disappeared with some other technology.   After the event the animal sounds subsided. We learned a few days latter that a neighbor across the street had also seen the unusual event.  Other reports were made as we learned it was reported in the Akron Beacon Journal and other media. Could something been exploring our earthly world and the animals with their superior hearing know it? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.1525999999998;-81.6300000000003
