It began around 10pm, it was myself and several others hearing a very strange sound in the woods that surrounded our neighborhood. It s;2010-11-10 23:00:00;3 hours or more;It began around 10pm, it was myself and several others hearing a very strange sound in the woods that surrounded our neighborhood.  It sounded like very heavy footsteps, coming from every direction. We alerted our next door neighbors. Shortly after, around 10 neighbors had gathered outside in our driveway.  All discussing what might be happening in the woods. Some of which even loaded their firearms in preparation, as we were all under the assumption it was some type of large wild animals. As they were all talking, I looked up into the sky and immediately noticed what appeared to be two small circular balls of bright  flickering light, although the changing pattern they were moving in made their actual shape  indistinguishable. The color of light was 90% bright white similar to a star.  But there were also (somewhat difficult to see), multi colored specs flickering rapidly in it as well. The MOST alarming part of it was the way the two lights were moving. I can only describe it as the way a bumble bee hovers in place. stationary, yet continually moving up, down, left, right. Only much more quickly and rapidly.  The lights had almost no change in the 3 hours we watched, EXCEPT Several times throughout, the two did move to a slightly different position in the sky, (left/right reposition not closer or further away). This happened Very quickly and in sync, It appeared Almost like they were orbiting around each other. Once, immediately after we witnessed a change in position, one of them began to drop smaller lights out, (approximately 5-10 smaller lights). The lights fell directly downward and each faded out, one after the next, only seconds after they  began to drop.   The next day we searched the surrounding woods in the light for prints of what it may have been. There did not seem to even be disturbed or crushed leaves anywhere. I do want to add that we found a few clusters of some small (penny sized) circular holes in some parts of the forest. Also some broken/bent  branches around shoulder/waist height. Not enough known facts to determine if they were related to the prior night's incident or not.  We never experienced the lights disappearing that night. After about 3 hours, We all decided to quit observing because it was so late, we called it a night and went back inside. Days later I found out others living miles away had also heard the same loud noises in their woods that night as well.;33.7346;-81.0935
