Diamond Shaped object seen crossing the view of Orion's Belt in Miami Night Sky;2011-03-24 21:50:00;1 minute;Diamond Shaped object seen crossing the view of Orion's Belt in Miami Night Sky I viewed a Diamond shaped object while facing the west sky it came in from the south and was heading north.  It appeared to be flying at least 40K-50K feet high and from my vantage point it appeared to be about 4-5 inches long/wide.  There were approx 16-20 lights that were visible at all times. The most disturbing item to me and one that has caused me to submit this report is that the object look 'translucent'.  The only example I can give is the way you view a jellyfish in the ocean.  You see it, but not at first as it blends in as part of what is around it.  This particular object caught my attention from the left corner of my eye.  I was facing west, looking at Orion's Belt from my balcony.  The night sky today is crystal clear from my vantage.  When the object caught my eye, at first I thought it was a 'cluster of moving stars', which I thought was odd.  Then I realized the 'cluster' was actually moving in tandem and very smoothly.  As I watched what I thought was a cluster of stars go across the sky, I then saw that it wasn't stars at all rather it was a large Diamond type craft.  I thought What.  What stars are in the shape of a huge Diamond?.  As the object continued to move I was able to figure out that the cluster of 'stars' were actually some type of l! ights and were a part of a bigger object. As it came in from my left (south) it moved across my view of Orion's Belt and continued to go directly north (right).  I watched it until it was so far away that I could no longer see it.  It did not zig zag, speeed up, slow down or anything odd.  It just moved across the sky as would a plane. Everyone probably says 'please don't think I crazy', but I really don't want anyone to think I am crazy.  If I had to say what I saw in just a few words, it would be a Diamond Shaped object, flying at least 40K -50K feet high, moving across the sky no faster than an airplane, having 16-20 bright lights, being 5-6 inches (top to bottom, side to side) in the sky and 'masking' or 'hiding' itself with some type of translucent type film or cover.;25.7331538461538;-80.2683307692308
