A six lighted wedge flying north to south in the western sky.;2003-09-16 20:20:00;10 min.;A six lighted wedge flying north to south in the western sky. It was six lights in a wedge shape, looked like the same formation I seen in Phoenix Arizona a few years back.Tonight it was moving from north to south in the western sky.About 45 degrees above the horizon. The background was a clear sky with lots of stars. It did not change shape, it was white lights that fluxuated to orange.It moved slowly across the sky.There was a coast guard helicopter flying in the same direction but very low and faster.;43.584;-124.1573
My wife and I was in the Spinreel Dunes area trying to watch a comet that was supposed to be seen that night.;2013-03-10 21:30:00;5 minutes;My wife and I was in the Spinreel Dunes area trying to watch a comet that was supposed to be seen that night. We had been out there for about 30 minutes.  There were some clouds, but mostly it was clear and visibility was great. As my wife was looking straight up above us she noticed a bright flashing up high.  It flashed twice before telling me. I looked up and seen the same thing.  It would flash once, then pause about 3 to 4 seconds, then flash again. When it flashed, I could partially make out it was a triangle.  The flash itself was a brilliant one looking like the flash you see during welding with a plasma cutter. We both counted at least 6 flashes and it was gone.  It also moved fast, silent and made a turn unlike anything I ever seen. It came from the west and made a turn to the north.  My wife was getting her cell phone to video it, but it was gone.  We even seen a couple of Meteors flashing across the sky.  This was not a meteor. Now, I am very well familiar with how aircraft fly, I have even flown myself. I am a retired Firefighter and know the dunes very well from doing rescues, firefighting brush fires and just playing in the dunes in our old Jeep. I've never seen anything like this out there before. It was amazing and left us a little stunned. It was my second experience of seeing a &quotUFO&quot within my 58 years of life. I hope this helps you in your trying to understand if we have extraterrestrials trying to contact us.;43.584;-124.1573
