Sighting of flying object in night sky shooting sparks.;2014-08-08 21:30:00;20 minutes;Sighting of flying object in night sky shooting sparks On Friday 08/08/14, approximately between 9:20-9:40 p.m., my son called me to come quick.  When I got to him he told me he thought he saw a UFO that was following him and was shooting sparks.   At that time I did not see anything and thought maybe he saw a shooting star or something but he was sure it was not (he is 10).  I left and about a minute later he called me again and this time when I came I “did” see it.  It was to the right of where he saw it the first time and the coloring was a reddish orange glow and looked round.       As we watched it, it was moving through the sky in a curve (not straight), and as it went around the curve the lights went out.   We then went back to the spot where my son saw it the first time and after a minute or so we saw it again.  That time, I “did” see it shoot sparks but it was not white sparks like I thought he meant.  It was reddish flare looking sparks.  It (shot) about 2 of them, about a second or so apart and after moving a few feet, it did it again.  The sparks didn’t go far into the sky, only a few feet.  They shot down at an angle from left to right.   Then as it rounded the corner again, the lights went out.    I do not believe it was a plane because you can still see the physical body of the plane at night from all the lights on it.  And planes fly straight.   I do not think it was a helicopter because you can also still see the body of a helicopter from the lights and you can typically hear the sound of one.  And, why would a plane or a helicopter shoot sparks??  In addition, this object was flying higher than a plane or helicopter would and the object looked round.  However it didn’t move super fast, but seemed to be about the same speed as a plane or helicopter but a little faster.   I went back to get my binoculars and although we couldn’t see the object as clear as I hoped, you could better see that it was round and you could see more of the actual lights going around it. My son did try to take a picture from his cell phone and you can't really see it but just in case you can expand it, I asked that he keep it. I am not for sure saying it was a UFO but what could it have been??  That is the answer I am seeking. Thank you!;28.8851043478261;-81.309352173913
