Slow, low flying triangle shaped craft, three white lights, one red blinking light;2007-08-03 21:00:00;2 minutes;Slow, low flying triangle shaped craft, three white lights, one red blinking light This event occurred between 9 pm and 11pm on Friday, August 3, 2007, and was viewed solely by me from my rural residence located in mid-central Illinois, about 40 miles north of Peoria. The sky was slightly light-colored and not sharply clear (e.g., not intensely black with entire Milky Way in view), but stars, planets and high-flying airliners and their distinctive running lights were clearly visible.  There was no precipitation, no fog and no moon out at the time.  I stood facing south, looking at the stars and planets in the sky. All of a sudden, I heard a roar over my right shoulder (i.e., from the north).  I turned toward the sound. The roar stopped abruptly and I saw that there was an object in the sky almost directly overhead - actually west of my position by no more than 700 feet.  It had an altitude of about 1,000 feet and seemed to be a solid black object, triangular in shape, and having three white lights, each at the object’s extremities in a triangular pattern, with a centered red light, blinking regularly and somewhat hurriedly.  As it moved away, the blinking red light made at least one white light appear to be blinking as well – an optical illusion?  The object could be blocked from view by a nickel held at arm’s length. The shape, size and black color were confirmed by how the object blocked the sky and stars from view.  The craft moved quite slowly, smoothly and silently.  Its speed was significantly less than a typical small aircraft a car would have very easily overtaken it. It was clearly not a helicopter. The object flew south/southwest and could easily be seen for at least 3-4 miles.  As it flew, its altitude was even more clearly seen to be about 1,000 feet. It was the lowest object in the sky.  As it moved southward, the sky and land below and to the east of its path twice glowed with soft diffused white light however perhaps this could be explained as being the result of weather anomalies, particularly as there was no clear view of any light beam emanating from the object.  Total viewing time of the event was about 2 minutes.;41.359;-89.4259
