Golden Orb was the only light hovering very low over the water, 1-mile from breakwater with siting ALL power went off;1985-12-31 19:00:00;45+ minutes;Golden Orb was the only light hovering very low over the water 1-mile from breakwater with siting ALL power went off ...Lahaina Maui 1985 New Year's Eve UFO-Orb was the only light as Island Electrical Power had an 'unexplained' outage 55+ minutes (reported by Newspaper) Experience... New Year's 1985 and the revelers were working up a steam in downtown Lahaina, Maui.  My childhood Carmel friend, Mrs. ((woman's name deleted)) invited my wife, ((wife's name deleted)) and myself, ((male author's name deleted)), to celebrate New Year's Eve Maui style beginning with dinner and secured balcony seating at Lahaina's infamous Blue Max Restaurant.  ((female friend's name deleted)) husband and my childhood Surf Bro, ((male name deleted)), was busy managing the Crazy Shirts stores, working the vacation crowds and couldn't join us.  The sun set, dusk faded to darkness with the wait staff lighting R table's candles and suddenly all the electricity went off.  Shreaks, bells and sirens of the store's battery alarms went off wildly bringing immediate attention to the darkened town.  R Blue Max balcony table was right above main street, with an unobstructed view overlooking the breakwater cement wall with a clear ocean panorama across the glassy, mirror like sea with darkness setting on...  Suddenly, all alarms went silent... FLASH of LIGHT. Directly in front of us was a UFO silent, large, glowing sphere of golden light, hovering still, above the ocean, less than a mile away.  What was totally amazing was that the light emitted and began directly below the UFO, starting on the ocean surface...  Yes, like with the sun setting, creating a path of light, coming from over the horizon, the light from the glowing UFO sphere beamed down onto the ocean's surface, creating a spot of origin and raced to shore like a yellow brick road.  The UFO sphere's golden glow emitted no sound, provided the only light anywhere and the lit path was beckoning. Cars quit driving on the street below, people poured out of the buildings and congregated at the breakwater cement wall to stare in silence at the huge glowing UFO sphere.  Everyone was in awe with an eerie yellow glow on their bodies, reflecting the golden UFO light.  The UFO sphere appeared to be glued, suspended in the sky, as it was positioned so extremely low that the Lanai Island was the back drop behind it...  People were packed onto the street so tight U could not put paper between them.  The pathway of light appeared to emerge out of the ocean, distorting my understanding of the Universe, everything learned at school made no sense anymo'...  The phrase We R Here took new meaning. Soon, I was wondering if the golden lit path over the ocean to the breakwater shore would become a cosmic walkway that everyone may hypnotically, like the Pied Piper, be summoned to walk on to and be beamed up the glowing UFO?  Walking on water?  Anything was possible now…  All conventional knowledge had just been tossed!  Time stood still, with only the light from the glowing UFO illuminating all of Lahaina...  Everyone was stunned, waiting for something to happen...  We, by default, felt controlled by this strange, silent glowing UFO, realizing U have little control of Ur Life, when a glowing sun like UFO omits Ur only light.  We now know that we don’t know anymore... Eventually, I became fearful, scared, frightened, as my Life was changed forever, knowing we R not alone... With the challenge of this UFO banging on my psyche's door with the Big Bully Denial blocking any acceptance of this UFO experience.  I found myself talking to myself, a strange, nonse! nse, babbling an incoherent conversation, Go away and leave me alone... I want to stay here... On Earth!  Everywhere, all lights were off, the only light was coming from the large, glowing UFO at nearly eye level to me, directly in front of everyone...   The Maui newspaper reported the next day with a simple front page column stating that an unexplained electrical outage of 55 +/- minutes shut-off all electricity on the entire Island of Maui with electricity being restored, as mysteriously as it went off .  No, none, nada, nothing, zip, zero, zilch was mentioned of the Lahaina glowing UFO sphere sighting and no interviews with anyone!  Everyone during the 1986 New Year daze that followed tried to find photographs...  None to be had!  From what I understand of the UFO electrical disconnect, cameras do not function, as the camera batteries also electrically malfunction, with the same principle that caused the battery operated store alarms to stop?  Being introduced to USO (unidentified submerged objects) phenomenon of water fusion energy relationships, my inclination is that this glowing UFO sphere may have come up out of the ocean!  The UFO sphere was visible by thousands, remained still and provided the only light for over 40+/- minutes, then sped off in a wildly, squiggle flight, abruptly stopping high, almost directly overhead, while still being larger than any star.  Now, everyone looked up to keep the UFO in sight.  Some minutes later, the UFO burst into fragments like in Star Trek warp speed and Star Wars hyper space acceleration.  As suddenly as the UFO appeared, the UFO disappeared ZAP...  Electricity was then immediately restored!  Ur mind changes, challenging all U were taught...  Religion, well, U get real religious when the unexplainable lights Ur way. No longer is the Question if... If becomes reality, now real Q's begin...  One may want to deny what U have just experienced, but like an ebbing tide, eventually denial erodes to the base rock fact of the UFO experience...  I've been Touched by Alien Light.  This glowing UFO sphere had no sound, was still, exhibiting the color and intensity of the sun, all electrical power stopped with the UFO presence and the electricity was restored when the UFO vanished...  As Detective Joe Friday of TV's Dragnet fame says, Just the facts, Mam.    The following year 1986, I returned with ((wife's name deleted)) to Lahaina Maui.  Driving down Main Street and coming to the breakwater cement wall looking out to my right over the ocean where the UFO light began on the ocean surface was an emerged Nuclear Submarine!  I was told that the US Navy made Lahaina a port-o-call for the Nuclear Submarine fleet.  OMG, Nuclear Submarines have a quarantine zone around them, when there or not...  How ironic, the site of the light starting in the ocean beneath the glowing UFO is now off limits because of nuclear submarines.  Go figure?  I was stunned to view the black stealth nuclear death submarine, appearing like a floating missile in the calm sea of Lahaina Maui that once was my sanctuary from a mechanized, techno-mad world, my escape since 1971…  I have never been back to Lahaina, I go to Hana, Lahaina in Hawaiian means :  Blazing Sun... Has this happened here before... R U 1?;20.9174000000001;-156.677199999999
Two constant, non-flashing, red lights separated by 30 degrees tracked in tandem W to E at altitude of 4000+'.;2014-02-09 21:35:00;4 minutes;Two constant, non-flashing, red lights separated by 30 degrees tracked in tandem W to E at altitude of 4000+'. 2 ruby-red and steady lights  observed moving W to E over the Pailolo Channel between islands of Maui and Molokai at altitude in excess of 4000' as evidenced by being observed through a broken deck of clouds at referenced altitude.   Lights were first observed about 40 degrees above horizon and were separated by about 30 degrees, maintaining a consistent distance between them as they tracked Eastward.   Lights simultaneously and  abruptly turned to the North and disappeared, simultaneously, from view in clear skies.   Lights were observed through 8 x 50 binoculars and what may have been a fuselage illuminated by the red lights may have been observed.  Lights were constant, no standard port/starboard aircraft running lights were observed.  Lights tracked in an area different from normal inter-island air carrier routes.;20.9174000000001;-156.677199999999
A light in the sky that looked very much like Mars;2014-06-24 21:45:00;1 minute;A light in the sky that looked very much like Mars A single reddish object that looked very much like Mars.  I knew Mars was further East in the sky.  The object was about 40 - 50 degrees above the horizon about 10 degrees East/south of the Big Dipper.  Object stationary for 15 seconds then began to rise as it moved slowly Eastward. This object was not an airplane.  It continued to move farther up into the sky and began to fade slowly.  The movement was not consistent with an orbiting satellite nor was it streaking like a meteorite.  The object continued to climb in a linear fashion and faded slowly out until no longer visible.  I was unable to grab my camera in time to take an image.  The speed and movement over the course of watching this object was very peculiar and not familiar.  It definitely was an object in the upper atmosphere or higher.;20.9174000000001;-156.677199999999
Steady bright red light moving at high speed over Royal Lahaina Resort;2016-09-17 19:00:00;1 minute;Steady bright red light moving at high speed over Royal Lahaina Resort September 17, 2016 7:00pm   Single bright red light seen from Royal Lahaina Resort, Maui, Hawaii, initially moving up and down above outline of other hotels south of resort and then moving northward, high in sky, very fast with no sound, parallel to beach and out of sight.;20.9174000000001;-156.677199999999
STREAKING LIGHT IN TEAL GREEN COLOR LIKE A LASER LIGHT IN DAYLIGHT?;2019-09-28 00:00:00;2 seconds;STREAKING LIGHT IN TEAL GREEN COLOR LIKE A LASER LIGHT IN DAYLIGHT? Saturday, September 28th while driving to Lahaina just before Launiopoko Beach while checking out Surf at the old dump around 8am a streaking thin teal green light over Lanai disappeared then streaked again and disappeared again, it looked like someone was using a laser light, must have lasted 1 second each time, but it was sunny, so hard to imagine a laser light;20.9174000000001;-156.677199999999
Bright ball of light moving up high into space.;2020-08-31 19:30:00;9 seconds;Bright ball of light moving up high into space. Looked up and saw a bright light (like a bright star or as bright as a planet in the distance).  It was northeast over the nearby mountains (no houses or light back in that direction).  It shined bright and moved directly up into the sky.  As it moved, the light got smaller but we could still see it moving.  Eventually, the light moved too far for us to see it anymore.;20.9174000000001;-156.677199999999
