2 fireballs fall from sky and light up surroundings;1997-11-01 18:50:00;2 min.;2 fireballs fall from sky and light up surroundings This happened while my brother and I were sitting in the family room watching wheel of fortune, this room has a sliding glass window which faces north, and I had the seat on the other side of the room, so I could see out the door and up a narrow field, which is about 1/4 of a mile long by maybe 250 ft wide. There is a vacant house and a barn used for storage at the end opposite of where we observed. All land is owned by us. It was about half way thru the show, when I yelled to my brother to look at that! He was in the couch , so he had to lean way over to see it. I had seen 2 deep red balls of light fall from the sky,about halfway up the field, one right after another, however, my brother had enough time to get up and witness the second ball. There probably was only a 2 second delay between them.They seemed to burn out about 50 ft above the ground. They were maybe 3 ft across, just guessing. Not large at all. We immediately went upstairs to the 2nd floor to the balcony which overlooks the field. My other brother, who was in his bedroom, joined us, we watched and saw the entire area by the old house light up with a bright white light, We could see the tops of trees,and the roof of the house, almost like someone had shone a spotlight on them, But there wasnt a beam of light, things just lit up like it does when there  is lightning. But it was perfectly calm that night.After about 20 seconds, it died out.Not a sound was made. I drove up to the old house with a camcorder, but  nothing at all happened again that night. This was the closest experience Ive had with these things. However, lately, these bright red, and sometimes orange orbs have been making loud noises, much like fighter jets do when they fly close to the ground, and the noise starts and stops very abruptly. The noise is usually accompanied by glowing red balls flying above the tree line, which stop, ascend, descend sometimes making noise, most of the time not. Another thing Ive noticed over the years of seeing these lights, sometimes I see what looks like a star, but Im good at telling the difference, because if I keep watching, it stops acting like a star(flashing red, gree, blue, white) and turns into a glowing red ball which sometimes pulsates or fades. Ive seen them start moving, change speed, direction, even split into two or three different balls, then go back together. Some fly pretty close to the house at times.  So what in the world is it that does these things? We can see them almost any given night.;36.6482;-90.8094
The craft was fireball shaped and was red and orange in color, It followed us for 10 minutes just above the roadway.;2004-02-15 22:00:00;10 minutes;The craft was fireball shaped and was red and orange in color, It followed us for 10 minutes just above the roadway. On the evening of Feb.15 at 22:00 hour My children and I was leaving a friends home on A hwy. As we started to pass a field we saw a fireball shaped craft that was red and orange in color coming toword our vehichle. As we began to speed up we saw the craft bank and turn to follow us. It stayed at around 500 yards away from us and was about 20 feet in size. It continued to follow us up and down the hills and around the curves just a few feet above the roadway. As we got closer to a more populated area we then say the craft make a steep 90 degree upward turn and disapear in just a few seconds. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport, Please feel free to pass my report along to Ms. Becker and Mr. Adams. ((Missouri Investigators Group))  I did not report this to anyone else and I have not heard of any other witnesses of this account. If I can be of any futher help please feel free to contact me. I am willing to take a polygraph test on this subject if need be.  I can say that my Children were quite frightened from this but they are also amazed at what we say that night. They are ages 11 and 6 but can also describe this event in great detail. I guess you never know whos been to Doniphan. Regards,  ((name deleted)) ((END));36.6482;-90.8094
