I and my wife witnessed the largest unidentified aircraft we have ever seen!!!!!!;2018-07-22 18:00:00;10 minutes;I and my wife witnessed the largest unidentified aircraft we have ever seen!!!!!! On this evening, I had stepped out onto the back porch to enjoy a cool snap that had lowered the humidity.  As I looked above me at the stars, we live out tin the country and i do this often, I could see many stars visible in the night sky.  As I turned around to look behind me to see the stars, I noticed that a lot of the sky was blocked out.  At first glance it seems to be cloud cover moving in.  But then I noticed this assumed cloud cover had shape. I watched as it moved toward my position and for a strange feeling in my stomach as if I began to get nervous over something about to happen.  I could see the stars reappearing behind the dark shape starting just above the horizon.  As the shape continued to move I opened the back door and yelled for my wife to come out and to get her thoughts on what I was seeing.  She came out and I pointed out this large triangular shape in the shy that continued to grow in size.  I cannot say for sure how big this thing was but it ! made no noise and had several white beacon lights at the tips of the shape and at the top point of the triangular shape.  It was moving pretty slow as it passed silently overhead and the entire sky was blacked out yet there was no noise.  It was no doubt that it was directly overhead and the flashing light made out the shape of the wings but did not reflect off of the aircraft. I could not see the light on top anymore and the lights on either side looked to be miles from where we were standing bot left and right.  I tried to get it on my phone but nothing showed up.  As far as I looked in all directions, this craft blocked out the night sky.  We were both taken aback and felt an incredible erie feeling as it seemed like it took forever to pass by.  About ten minutes had passed as I kept pressing my smart watch to see.   We continuedto watch the night sky reappear as the craft or whatever it was, continue on its path until suddenly it just vanished.  The sky just popped up in the pla! ce where the craft was blocking it out.  There was no flash or anything that would have gave an indication of some engine firing up or exhaust being let out.  We stood and looked at each other in silence, no words.  But there was a fear in each others eyes as we had no words or explanations for what we just saw.  As we entered the house, my wife said over and over up until the point of falling asleep....there was no sound, there was no sound.  It was too big and too close for no sound.  The next morning we stepped out at 3:30 am (normal work time for us) with our coffee and stood silent gazing in all directions until she said again to me Honey, there was no sound I had no response as I too was hung over from the fear and questions I had running through my own thoughts.  All I could think of was if this was what I thought it was, They could come in the night and we would never know they had arrived. If they wanted to do us harm there would be no noise to wake us or give us a moment to react. This incident will stick with the both of us for the rest of our lives.  I have had my sceptical thoughts on many things including UFO's.  But after this night I think my mind has changed dramatically!  I analyze things to death and look for obvious answers and usually sedunk everything.  I find myself not being able to concentrate today as my mind is fixed on the answer to this.   FYI I and my wife are drug and alcohol free.  I somehow wish I could explain it away from intoxication.  But now both of us are drunk from the lack of answers and understanding of this incident.  We both said this morning before leaving for work to not discuss this to any friends or family.  But I found your website and had to get it off my chest.  I am not ex military....but I can say with almost !00% certainty that what we saw did not come from our government, or even the planet we know!;33.275;-87.3099
