Pale orange light w/ bright center, size few feet wide-like orange plastic bag w/ glowing center-floated from low to become pt. in sky;2011-08-20 23:50:00;couple minutes;Pale orange light w/ bright center, size few feet wide-like orange plastic bag w/ glowing center-floated from low to become pt. in sky On Saturday, August 20, 2011, my uncle and I were in Bowling Green, Ohio, there to attend a motor show. After the show we went back to the campground we were staying in, which was also packed with thousands of other people. Around 1145pm, sitting around our campfire, we both noticed one or two orange lights in the sky. Clearly far away, they seemed to be from an airplane. The movements didn’t seem quite right …they seemed to be moving with a speed/motion not consistent with their apparent distance…but all in all didn’t seem like anything so remarkable, so we both forgot about it. But something happened a few minutes later that made me remember those lights. As we sat in our lawn chairs facing south, I noticed something floating up in a southwesterly direction, apparently from a close-by campsite. A couple/few feet wide, it was mainly orange like a Dreamsicle, but also had a round, very bright orange center. It started off low to the ground and just floated up. I thought to myself that it was a plastic bag that was on fire and caught in an updraft, didn’t seem like a big deal. But it kept going it did not burn out as something like that should. “What the hell is that?” I asked my uncle. “I dunno” he said “I thought it was a bag on fire, but that should have burned out a long time ago.” It just kept going and going and going and going until it became a point in the sky…seemingly quite very far off. It seems most likely that someone at the event set something off. But I have no idea what- it was not a flare or firework that shoots a light trail in the sky before exploding. This thing started off bright close to the ground and just kept floating up. Plus it didn’t move quickly at first like something ignition-propelled should. The image of a jellyfish floating up in water is the best way I can describe it…but then it became a point that seemed quite far away, yet without taking a long time to do so. My uncle and I were drinking a good few beers that night, but not to an extreme point. We both have 20/20 vision. We did ask some of our friends there if they had seen anything they did not. We were not inclined to go walking around interrogating people…this is a pretty crazy show, it’s a very festive environment. Anyway, I just thought I should reach out, see if anyone else saw anything there/then. We are both down-to-earth people but cannot explain this thing at all. I am 43, live in NYC, and work in advertising. He is 53, lives in Ohio, works in excavating. Neither of us can remember seeing anything quite like it.;41.3810915625001;-83.6553749999993
