Hovering UFO 40 feet above my head;1988-11-19 01:30:00;25 minutes;Hovering UFO 40 feet above my head I was leaving work from Long John Silvers from Shawnee to Tecumseh at around 12:30 that night. As I got onto the highway heading South to Tecumseh, I noticed a bright light coming from the direction of where Tecumseh sits. I at first thought the light to be the town's baseball stadium lights, and that maybe they were accidentally left on. Thinking nothing more about it, I continued home. I finally got off the highway when I reached Tecumseh, and took Rangeline Road back to my house (which also neared the baseball stadium there). As I got closer to the Walnut & Rangeline intersection (right about where the baseball park would be), I noticed that the lights had disappeared. It was at the moment when I reached the intersection did something catch my attention. Something was hovering above the intersection. Startled and bewildered, I turned off my car and jumped out to get a better look. It hovered roughly 40 feet above the ground and looked no bigger than an average car. It gave off no bright glow or luminous light, but was definitely metallic in color. Whatever street lights around had given enough light for me to see this object properly. The object made absolutely NO noise. The only way I have ever been able to describe the look of this craft was that it looked rectangular but with slanted sides, the same way a shoebox would look if you squished it down and the sides were to slant out, like this < >. There were two bulbous objects attached underneath this craft. I stared at the object for nearly two minutes when it started to turn its' direction North, and silently it began moving at what I guess to be 40 miles per hour. I figured the object would be heading towards Highway 177, so I jumped in my car and did a u-turn to follow this thing. I chased it for one mile to the Highway 177 entrance and by the time I got on the highway, the object had taken off like a jet. I pulled off the side of the road and sat there for 15 minutes trying to take in what I had just saw. I've never reported this incident fully, just to my wife and a few friends. I still remember it like it was yesterday. Since then, I have had 5 more occassions where I have spotted these objects (not the same ones however). I suppose I just look up the skies more often since that occurence in Oklahoma. I now reside back in my home statse of California in Angels Camp. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));35.2487;-96.9673
