Unknown object flies over followed by two more identical objects;2014-10-18 20:30:00;4 minutes;unknown object flies over followed by two more identical objects I would like to preface by saying that my girlfriend and I live five minutes from the International airport in Nashville, TN.  We are both smokers, but do not smoke in our apartment, so when we smoke, we go out on our back porch.  We see airplanes constantly.   We know what they look like, we know the speed they travel in the sky and the direction they fly.  This was not a plane.  I have also seen many shooting stars and have personally launched many Chinese lanterns.  What we saw, were not either of these things. I stepped out to smoke a cigarette around 8:30 pm on Saturday night October 18, 2014.  I saw a light coming towards me which caused me to pause because planes do not come north to south towards me.  I watched the light and noticed it almost appeared a solid orange- reddish color and appeared about the altitude of a plane, but was completely different from a plane.  I sat there in almost shock as it went over my apartment.  I snapped back to reality and ran in to tell my girlfriend to come outside and look as I knew we could see it out the front door.  She quickly came out it as it was going out of sight.  The strange thing is that we could see it, but the orange- reddish light had dimmed to where you could see it, but could not tell its actual shape.  Here is the amazing part..... I looked to my right and saw two more coming.  I showed my girlfriend and we both watched as they approached.  They flew close together with the same orange- reddish light, at the same speed a! s the first, and in the same direction.  We watched as the objects lights dimmed and went out of sight.  I tried to film the last two with my cell phone, but got no satisfying results. I do not know what these objects were, but I can say a few things..... They traveled too fast to be planes.  They flew in a completely different direction than the many planes we see every night.  The lights were different than any plane we have ever seen.  The objects were not shooting stars or Chinese lanterns.  I am hoping we were not the only people to see these lights. On last thing to mention....  as I stated before, we see planes all the time.  After these objects went by and at least an hour afterwards, we did not see any planes in the sky.  Thank you and I hope this will help.... My girlfriend wanted to add that the lights on all three dimmed at about the same point in the sky and these objects made no sound.;36.1876;-86.6119
