On Feb.22 around 7:45 that evening a friend was leaving.We had just stepped out the back door.Having a few telescopes and amature astro;2007-02-22 08:00:00;40 sec;On Feb.22 around 7:45 that evening a friend was leaving. We had just stepped out the back door.Having a few telescopes and amature astrologer, I had looked up at Orians Belt,they were very bright. I had started to tell my friend who is retird American Air Linethat there is a nebula there between thoughs stars when he saidwhat the hell is that!I didn't see it till he pointed it out,coming directly at us was a craft flying about three to four hundred feet above the ground.It had no lights the only way you could tell it was there it was reflecting lights from the ground .the craft was a gold bronze color moving at about fouty mph, by the time it was over head it was very black, only darker than the sky.The shape was a cresent figure,the most amazing thing to me that somthing that size,little bigger than a jet liner,there was not a sound from it.After we had tried to figure what this was, about two minutes after the sighting here came all these geese and ducks kind of going in the direction of the craft,figuring they had been scared up from PercyPreist Lake.;36.1876;-86.6119
Object with lights flying my direction in a casual manner and vanishes.;2011-06-28 20:30:00;3 minutes;Object with lights flying my direction in a casual  manner and vanishes. I was sitting outside and noticed it flying my direction.  At first I thought it was just a plane, and maybe my eyes were not focused or something as many planes fly in the same general direction because of the airport a few miles away.   I noticed it was not flying like a plane and the lights did not match to what I usually see with a plane.  It was flying in a more casual manner.  That is the best way I can describe it.   The lights across what I call the top made the triangle shape very apparent but it also had two to three lights below which made it look like a triangle with a stick pointing to the ground vertically below it.  That is the best way I can describe that.  I couldn’t judge the distance between me and it in the sky but it appeared to be close to my location.   As I was waiting for it to get closer, the object casually started an upward ascent.  The lights started to fade out and it just vanished.  There was no where it could hide in the sky.  There were a few thin clouds but not enough to cover whatever it was or keep me from losing sight of it.   The object was flying in my direction and then it’s gone!   It was about 30 to 40 minutes before dark (dusk).  I’d say 2 1/2 minutes to 3 minutes from the time I noticed it flying my way.;36.1876;-86.6119
