2 unidentified objects seen early morning in Davidson County, TN.  ((NUFORC Not:  Possible star??  PD));2016-08-29 04:00:00;2 hours;2 unidentified objects seen early morning in Davidson County, TN. I was about to fall asleep around 4am when I saw a light through the blinds of my window.  I have a natural curiosity about UFOs, so I got up and took a closer look.  It was hard to tell what I was looking at.  It looked very similar to a star, but it wasn't flashing how a sta would through our atmosphere. I spent 20 minutes trying to figure out exactly what it was.  I was convinced it was moving, but thought I was just tired and maybe I was just seeing things.  I started to block the object using frames of the window, and realized it slowly but definitely was moving back into my vision.  I did this multiple times.  I opened my window so I had a full view, and went back to my bed to watch this object. For the next hour or so, the object very slowly moved back and forth. It changed direction quite a few times, but it never went very far. I could judge its position by where it was in relation to my window frames.  At one point, it got close enough for me to see there were multiple lights to it.  I cant confirm the shape, but I was leaning towards a triangle or boomerang type object. Towards the end of my sighting, the object started to move upwards and become smaller and more distant.  At this point, the sun was beginning to rise and it was the only object visible in the sky other than the moon.  All of the stars I had seen prior were no longer visible.  This object had to have been very bright, and very big. At this point I had to get back up to watch it, as the object had completely left my view of the window.  I got up to watch it and realized it had become a speck.  I couldn't believe how astonishingly high it got.  This way way too high to be a plane or a drone, and satellites don't maneuver the way this object did.  At times it was completely still, but became more active towards the middle and end of my sighting. Second Object:  At this point its about 5:40 A.M. The first object was extremely high, just a little dot.  I then noticed a second craft MUCH lower in my vision.  I had mistaken it for a cloud at first, but it was an object darting across the sky leaving a small trail.  It was travelling at an awkward angle, and I could not notice any lights on this one.  There was quite a bit of natural light in the sky at this point.  I took a video of this one.  The other object was too distant to show up on my camera. The craft was only in my vision for about 10 seconds, and left no visible trail after it left my field of view.  The object I had originally seen was somehow still visible, extremely high up there.  About 5 minutes later, it was either gone, or there was too much natural light to observe it further. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe the first possibility to be ruled out would be a star in the morning sky.  However, we cannot be certain.  PD));36.1876;-86.6119
