A dull yellow light, low off the ground and no noise in January 1988;1988-01-10 22:10:00;27 minutes;A dull yellow light, low off the ground and no noise in January 1988 On January 10, 1988, my (then) boyfriend and I were in the backyard of his family’s rental property.  There were nothing but cornfields around the house and the county road next to the house had streetlights leading into town.  He had gone into the barn to put a piece of equipment up after fixing the well pump.  It was 10 degrees and a windless night. After leaving the barn, he got back into the car, nodded his head forward, as if pointing and said, We get a lot of those out here.   I said, A lot of what?   He again nodded his head forward.  That’s when I looked out into the cornfield.   What I saw (or more pointedly ...didn’t see) will stay with me for the rest of my life. I finally saw the object to which he was referring.   My first thought was: Oh, so what?  It’s a tall tractor in the field.   I then realized it was January.  I got out of the car and walked to the edge of the field with the hood of my coat over my head because it was such a cold, crisp night.  The county road lights shone bright white next to the field. What I was seeing  was a dull yellow light, as if a car battery was run down.  It was about 30 feet off of the ground and moving at approximately 10 miles an hour.  The shape of the light was almost eyeball shape, but a little more rounded on the left and right side.  It was moving directly toward me. My mind went into hyper-drive trying to figure out what this was.  Everything familiar was not matching,  tractor, airplane, etc. and then I realized something and took my coat hood off of my head.  The object I was watching made NO NOISE.  I was probably 25 yards away from this light when I took my hood down.  NO NOISE!  It got closer and came to the corner of the field and turned to its right to follow the edge of the field in front of me.  I believe I was only 10 yards away from it at that point.  I heard nothing. I saw the light on the front of the UFO until it got directly in front of me and it seemed the whole thing vanished.  I realized one thing at that point.  I NEVER SAW A SHAPE BEHIND THE LIGHT.  It was 30 feet away, and I didn’t see a shape!   After waiting a few minutes to see if anything else would happen, I got back in the car.  I asked my boyfriend what it was and he replied, I don’t know.  We then left the property and broke up 6 months later. The next time I saw my former boyfriend was 9 years later.  We were at a restaurant with a mutual friend and my Dad.  I asked him (in front of one of one of our friends and my Dad, who was a State Trooper) to describe what we saw that night.  We both remembered the whole experience in detail and told my Dad and his friend.   My Dad then told me the stories of UFO sightings he had witnessed as a Navy pilot and State Trooper. From my own experience, I have come to believe that there is another intelligent life form out there.  They could have hurt me that night and didn’t.   If anyone has proof that the US military had this kind of technology in 1988, I would be happy to read it.  Otherwise. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));40.9276;-90.0321
