In late August, 1999, my wife and I were staying at a cabin on the ridge overlooking Lake Superior just outside Grand Marais, Minnesota;1999-08-16 23:00:00;14-16 minutes;In late August, 1999, my wife and I were staying at a cabin on the ridge overlooking Lake Superior just outside Grand Marais, Minnesota. I t was an exceptionally clear evening with a view of the Milky Way stretching across the sky at about 11:00 P.M.-11:30 P.M.  I had just stepped outside onto a small deck of the cabin with a clear view of the lake and ridgeline and was looking towards the town of Grand Marais.  Suddenly, I felt as if someone was standing behind me and I turned around to see what was going on. I saw a large circular shape of concentrated white light, without a halo, larger than a full moon, about five to ten miles away above the ridgeline and not obstructed in any way.  My first thought was that it was a very large meteor but it was stationary without movement. My next thought was that it might be some kind of aircraft but I quickly dismissed that idea.  This initial observation of the object lasted about 8-10 minutes.  Then, within the white ligh! t, at about 2/3rds of the inside diameter, a bright red ring of light developed in a clockwise fashion. This internal red ring was maintained for several more minutes and then vanished.  Next, the overall white circular light contracted to where the red ring had appeared.  Then this object suddenly and at great speed ascended at about an 85 degree angle towards the north without a sound. I watched the ascent of the object to where it was about the size of a small star and watched it travel at high speed some distance and over the horizon, heading north over Canada.  Besides the physical visual experience, what also stood out about the encounter was the very strong sense of presence of the object.  I have never seen anything like this in my life before or since. I have no explanation of it and it was clearly not a natural phenomena. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.7783;-90.3436
Orange soundless low flying object.;2015-01-10 20:30:00;20 minutes;orange soundless low flying object We were sitting on our couch around 8:30 pm.  Our dogs start barking defensively, which is not super odd, but then my boyfriend started shouting for me to come look at something. So I was very scared right away.  An orange-red, fire-like, or glowing, orb came from the north over the tree line, and then over our house, and continued towards Lake Superior.   We both could tell it was low in the sky because we had ran outside to watch.  He described it like he thought it was a drone, but it was too glowy, fast, and noise-less to be a drone, we agreed afterwards.  I have never seen anything like this in my life.   We watched the thing as it got farther away and it stopped and slowly faded, but did not disappear.  It then started to blink green and red light.   After the shock of first seeing this thing come over us, we saw 2 other odd objects in the sky.  It was a very large triangle formation they had all made and all 3 were doing the same blinking.  One was way to the northeast the one we saw flying was souteast, and a third almost directly east, but higher in the sky to make the tip of the triangle....  Shortly after watching and then noticing the formation, a plane began approaching, and looked to be heading directly for it, but ended up below/south, but kept going past. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));47.7783;-90.3436
