Two different UFOs witnessed on Larch Lake, BWCA - Minnesota;2012-08-18 22:00:00;30 minutes;Two different UFOs witnessed on Larch Lake, BWCA - Minnesota August 18th, 2012 Larch Lake, Minnesota Latitude:  48° 8'3.12N Longitude: 90°49'7.20W  It was August 18th, 2012 around 10:00pm, that RC and DD witnessed an unusual object in the not so distant sky.  We were sitting on an island campsite looking north at the night sky. It was a very dark and clear night, not a cloud in the sky, perfect for looking at the stars. As I was panning north, looking for shooting stars and satellites, something unusual caught my eye.  The first thing I noticed was this intense bright white light moving very erratically across the sky.  As I began to focus on the object and follow it’s movements, I noticed it was moving extremely fast, covering a wide distance and then stopping.  When the object would stop, a bright blue light shot out beneath it, which would last just a few seconds.   Then the object would take off it a different direction moving at incredible speeds and then stop again...then the blue light would shoot back down.   This continued for about ten minutes.   Up to this point I had not said a word to DD about what I had seen. I then called out to DD and said...”Are you seeing what I am seeing?”....DD replied, “YES!”   At this point we took out our binoculars and focused on the object.  It was a distance off...probably 2-3 miles away...hard to estimate exactly...but close enough that through the binoculars we could make out the shape.  It was shaped like a large bell or wedding cake.  Through the binoculars I could see pulsating lights across the middle of the object.  The lights were pulsating from left to right.  The color pattern was Red, Yellow, Green, and Blue.  The pattern was constant, continued at the same time internals. I then decided to grab a flash light that had a red laser pointer attached to it and shine it towards the object. While I was doing that, out of nowhere a second object appeared just off my left should moving East to West a few hundred feet above the tree tops.  It was the same intense bright white light.  It was close enough to get a good look at it’s shape...it was like a sideways tear drop.  It looked very smooth but the details of the outside were masked by the intense white light.   As it moved at a slow pace right in front of us, it made absolutely no sound. It kept it’s course for a bit longer just passing the northwest shore of Larch Lake and then all of a sudden took off at an incredible pace into the atmosphere.  Just before we lost view, it had changed from the bright white to bright red. The first object we had witnessed then took off in the same direction at the same pace...both out of sight and gone. It is in my opinion that what we witnessed two different types of UFOs.  I have no photographic evidence to support this eyewitness testimony.  It was a brilliant experience and will never forget what I witnessed that evening. I hope this isn't the last time!;47.7783;-90.3436
