I live in an apartment complex that has a courtyard, and we live on the second floor. Every night I come out with my 2yo daughter to se;2019-09-18 20:09:00;2 minutes;I live in an apartment complex that has a courtyard, and we live on the second floor.  Every night, I come out with my 2yo daughter to see the stars at night.  We always see the regular bright stars.  Tonight I noticed next to a regular bright star we see every night, there was another star that was traveling at a steady speed.  It caught my attention as it was traveling through the night sky.  The night sky was very clear and we can see stars and planes and helicopters in the night sky.  But next to this thing there was no air traffic.  It looked like any other star but it seemed very low in the atmosphere, meaning it seemed like it was right above the city.  Also I noticed there were no blinking lights as it traveled above us. By this time my wife came out and I pointed it our to her.  She was perplexed and couldn’t believe what she was seeing, she kept asking what in the heck was it.  There were no blinking lights and the object was moving in a steady flight pattern!, but there was no sound at all associated to it.  Also, as we were watching in the clear night sky I moved few feet ahead of me to get a better view and both my wife and I lost it, It seemed like it just vanished even though we could see the whole sky where it was heading.  I have no clue what it was. I managed to get it on cell phone but against the dark night sky on video it looks like I was just shooting a star in the sky and it doesn’t seem to be moving like we could see with our naked eyes.  I think it’s because there is no other object to reference in the video so it just looks like a star.  But this thing was moving and looked like a star meaning like pinpoint in the sky size of a star if you look up and see one.  It was white in color, no other colors on it like we are used to seeing so many planes because of the Burbank airport right next to us.;34.1809870370375;-118.3303832244
