At the front of the chemtrail, was an intensely, luminous, white diagonal line with a dark area at its mid center.;2002-06-08 20:00:00;00:01:30;At the front of the chemtrail, was an intensely, luminous, white diagonal line with a dark area at its mid center. On 6/8/02, at around 8 PM, during clear skies, I saw a vapor trail, about 1/2 inch wide, that had begun at about 40 degrees above the NNE horizon which then, ascended almost straight upwards towards the zenith, but at a slight angle towards the east, of about 5 degrees.  At about 10 degrees below the zenith, this vapor trail made a sharp turn of about 90 degrees and at this point, it appeared to continue on, parallel to the ground, moving straight towards the SSE.  It seemed to have crossed directly over my neighbor's house and it seemed unusually low for a chemtrail. This vapor trail was about 2 inches wide, overhead. I was mowing grass at about 100 feet west of this house when I noticed it.  As I mowed, I saw that it spanned about 2/3 of the way across the sky but no further. It seemed to have stopped, as though, it were freeze framed. At the very front of this horizontal vapor trail, I saw a motionless and intensely, luminous, white diagonal line that was about 1/2 inch long at arm's length. It was tilted upwards at about 50 degrees, towards the right or towards the south. This luminous line had a small, yet, definite, dark area at its mid center. I observed it for about 90 seconds and it maintained its position, just to the left side of a tall tree. Using the house and tree as a guide, I noticed no movement of either this luminous white line or its vapor trail.  I never saw any of this vapor trail being made although, it  should have been within my visual field while approaching overhead.  Everything about this sighting seemed motionless, as if, freeze-framed from my first observation to my last. I'd looked away for about 30 seconds, to turn my mower around and when I looked back this luminous diagonal line was gone. Although, the chemtrail remained, its vapor stream abruptly ended at the exact location where I last saw the luminous, diagonal line hovering.This luminous line's shape was thin and rectangular but visually flat and without a shadow side. It had perfect symmetry with clean, sharp edges! . Nothin g wavered or dimmed. The horizontal vapor trail was rippled, as if, composed of many small clouds, placed side by side. The vapor trail seemed unusually sparse, semi-translucent, soft-edged and light-violet-gray in color. It wasn't an opaque white. None of this horizontal vapor trail was reflecting any sunlight. The sun was at the opposite side of the sky at that time. I saw no clouds, haze nor other vapor trails. I didn't see anything about this sighting wink-out,  fly away nor move. This wasn't a normal flight path.  The winds were calm but I didn't watch the chemtrail dissipate, either. I just forgot about it and kept mowing.;40.6946;-80.3402
