UFO oval or tube like, multi coloured and brightly lit, silent and hovering.;2014-07-22 01:00:00;2 minutes;UFO oval or tube like, multi coloured and brightly lit, silent and hovering. July 22, 2014.  1 - 13:30 AM   My Husband and I were driving east along the Yellow Head highway number 16 in Saskatchewan.  Sometime after midnight we pulled off the highway and drove south into the town of Maidstone to get some rest.  We were facing south at the corner of Railway Ave. and Third St. W, when we saw the object above a field southwest of the intersection, not that far from us.  I saw what looked like a shooting star, a white streak across the sky.  It suddenly stopped and just hung in the air.  It was a long oval that seamed to divide into two parts, rainbow coloured with an Ammolite type shimmer and a bright white light at one end.  The object hung in the air for some time, long enough for my husband and I to ask each other if we saw what we were seeing.  It suddenly divided and disappeared.  There was no sound from this object at any time it was silent. I have no idea what it was at all. My Husbands account of the same sighting. I was at the intersection facing south when the object came into view.  It was about 300 meters away and it filled up half the windshield.  The object looked like it was made of a cluster of tubes, green with 2 or 3 red lights at the end.  At one end there was a bright white and yellow glow almost like a mist.  The colours on it we the brightest and most vivid I have ever seen.  I don't know how long it stayed still, 30 or 40 seconds.  It was silent the whole time, I had my window down and there was no noise.  In a split second it shot away from us and was gone.  It looked like it was operated by and intelligent presence. It was not a helicopter or plane nor was it fireworks or a para flair.  Both of us spent more than 10 years in the Canadian military and we are familiar with these things.  This was nothing like we have ever seen before.  During and after the sighting we were interested, calm and not frightened;42.21;-82.8855
