Tiny white light darts in the Great Plains evening sky!;2012-05-23 11:00:00;3 minutes;Tiny white light darts in the Great Plains evening sky! Last night there was a half moon so there was moonlight in the western sky.  As I looked at the stars, there was a tiny white light moving like a satellite.  I enjoy watching satellites traverse across the night sky.....but, all of a sudden this tiny dot of light started making sharp angular turns.  It darted right, then left, upward, then downward with maneuvers no known craft can do.  I have never seen a UFO, but am an avid star gazer (for 40 years) and I am also an amatuer astronomer.  In other words, I know what planets, constellations, and other sky objects look like.  This strange little light was odd, and, frankly, it kind of frightened me.;40.635;-97.4373
Tiny white ufos flying among the stars;2013-04-23 00:00:00;2 hours;Tiny white ufos flying among the stars Every clear night as I star gaze I see tiny, very tiny white lights that travel across the night sky.  They travel at unbelievable speeds.....and then stop.....and reverse direction or continue on the observed trajectory.  They are tiny.....but observable as though they are flying among the stars/planets/constellations but appear to be of a lower altitude.  As a backyard star gazer, I am aware of satellites and aircraft.  These tiny white &quotlights&quot are everywhere yet seem to be unnoticed by conventional aircraft such as planes and helicopters.  I believe they are thousands of feet above conventional aircraft, but one would assume that radar or pilots would be aware of them.  These tiny bright &quotflying&quot objects came to my attention about three years ago.....and, the only other &quotvalidation&quot I have had is a man named &quotLARRY&quot who called into Coast to Coast on open lines on Friday, April 12th or 19th.  He was attempting to describe this same sighting.  Obviously, Noory couldn't explain what &quotLarry&quot was seeing....but I was IMMEDIATELY shocked to listen to a person who described EXACTLY WHAT I SEE in my own backyard on dark nights.  Please, somebody, tell me you are seeing these small white &quotlights&quot flying all over the place performing maneuvers that modern day aircraft is incapable of doing.....and, they also STOP.....JUST STOP......as though they are attempting to imitate being a star.......  These nightly observances are so compelling that they have consumed me lately.  I truly would appreciate some validation by others who look intently into the night sky and see tiny white dots doing crazy maneuvers.;40.635;-97.4373
