An object seen by my entire family that was so unusual that it would be hard to even assume it was a case of mistaken identity.;2002-10-13 19:10:00;10 minutes;An object seen by my entire family that was so unusual that it would be hard to even assume it was a case of mistaken identity. My family was driving home from the fair when we spotted a very bright light. it was not quite dusk when we saw it. we drove slowly with the windows down until we lost sight of it behind some trees. we turned around to go back for another look. when we saw it again it was in the same spot and then. as if it had seen us, just blinked off, almost like a light bulb.the sky was clear and i am familar with the towers and other light producing objects in the area. it was also way too bright and just above tree top level,at about 5 miles away. the light was almost a pure white. i could not make out a shape behind it. I did make a report to Warner Robins Air Force base in Warner Robins Georgia an hour after the sighting.;32.2108;-83.1852
The object was falling and started to fizzle light green at low altitude near me and it made no sound.;2019-10-18 23:00:00;<5 seconds;The object was falling and started to fizzle light green at low altitude near me and it made no sound. It’s probably nothing but I’ve never seen anything like it. It looked like a shooting star at first but it lit up while sparking light green as if it were a fast-falling flare or a single firework. I realized it was a little less than 1000 feet away from me when it started sparkling. It continued to descend and stopped sparkling around 200 feet above the ground before disappearing completely. It seemed to ‘land’  (it was really fast and close to the ground when it stopped sparkling) on the farm property (not in the field) across the road from the dorm at Heart of Georgia Regional Airport. It made no sound whatsoever.  I was running some and I was taking a walk through the parking lot during recovery. It happened over the course of less than five seconds. There were was a group of people further into the parking lot when I was only at the mouth of the parking lot. (I will not be releasing names or contact info, sorry).  It’s probably a shooting star or something but I’ve always wanted to do one of these but never had a reason to do so. This is a real though, I’m not lying about what I’ve seen.  PEACE;32.2108;-83.1852
