Fireball drops out of late-afternoon sky in Raleigh, NC;2003-02-19 17:49:00;<1 minute;Fireball drops out of late-afternoon sky in Raleigh, NC I was driving home from work in RTP, NC on what I thought was a typical trip down I-40, heading east in Raleigh. As I approached the Highway 54 exit, I spotted a bright light in the distance, above the left edge of the road.  The light hovered in place, appearing to be a few miles distant. I thought it was simply a TV helicopter, out filming beauty shots of the traffic for the 6 o'clock news. My clock read 5:49 PM, a bit early for news footage.  But then the light did something alarming. It began to drop quickly out of the sky. I blinked to make sure it wasn't moving towards me and I was just seeing it wrong. But in spite of my doubt, it was doing just what I saw - dropping like a rock.  Damn, that pilot is screwed, I thought. I believed I was witnessing a helicopter crash, possibly one that was being transmitted live to the area's televisions.  I blinked again. The helicopter couldn't have lost power, since it wasn't autorotating to the ground. If so, the light would surely be spinning around.  The light plummeted as I continued to drive. Then, just as suddenly as it appeared, it vanished, blinking out a few degrees above the horizon. I squinted in that direction but could not find any trace of it.  It took me a while to decide that what I saw wasn't the usual helicopter sighting. No sane pilot would drop a helicopter that fast. And there was no trace of it afterward. Very weird. I actually spent the rest of the trip scanning the horizon for signs of smoke plumes, on the chance I really did see a helicopter crash.  Thinking about it again later that night, I decided it could have been a flare. Why someone would shoot a flare into the evening sky is beyond me, as is how it could hover in one place as long as it did before dropping.  -- I put the above description in my journal for that date, but didn't consider reporting this event until today, 26 June. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness describes self as having considerable technical experience.  PD));35.8355650359518;-78.6399972907035
25 slow moving, interactive fireballs seen in downtown Raleigh on Saturday night.;2010-05-22 20:00:00;3 minutes;25 slow moving, interactive fireballs seen in downtown Raleigh on Saturday night. I had taken my 2 sons to see a movie at the IMAX in downtown Raleigh that Saturday night.  As we were leaving to come home, I saw 25-30 circular lights in the sky overhead.  Instantaneously, and only for a second, I thought there must be some type of fireworks show going on.  However, the lights did not disappear.  At this point, I did not believe there was anything other-worldly about them (I just thought it was unusual and I wanted to see what these things were).  I pulled the car into the nearest stop (a Hess gas station).  My 2 children and I got out of the car and saw what now only seemed to be about 10 -15 fireballs in the sky directly over our head.  I knew then that this was something spectacular as these fireballs seem to move deliberately in pairs of two or three and at a very slow pace.  They emitted no sound, but they definitely moved in patterns that were not random and there was an ebb and flow to their movement.  Again, all these fireballs see! med to be grouped together in packs of 2 or 3 and seemed to be interacting with one another.  As they went over our head, they seemed to suddenly disappear.  By the time I got my I-phone out to take a video, only a couple remained in the sky.  I will send that video to you so you can get an idea of their movement, but unfortunately they appear smaller in the video than what we saw with our own eyes.  The entire sighting took less than 5 minutes, and by the end of the 5 minutes, both my children were very scared.  I was not (in fact, I felt incredibly blessed to have witnessed something I believed was very special), but we quickly got back in the car and headed home as I did not want to unnecessarily frighten my children. I watched the news that night looking for a report on what I saw (I even suspected there might be some breaking news on it as this was over downtown Raleigh, a very public place).  However, there was no mention of it.  I even e-mailed my video to the local weather guy (a friend of mine), but he did not comment on it.  I just let it go until I heard Peter Davenport on Coast to Coast AM tell the listeners to report something even it is was several years ago.  So that is what I am doing here.  Again, I will also send that video to you right now.;35.8355650359518;-78.6399972907035
