large orange disc or ball travelling at a great speed making no sound and not disturbing surrounding area.;1982-07-15 15:00:00;1 second;large orange disc or ball travelling at a great speed making no sound and not disturbing surrounding area. on the above approximate date and time i observed while walking west bound on main street a large orange circular shaped object travelling west bound at a great speed making no sound. i also observed that this object seemed to be as large as the village and as it passed in what seemed to be less than a second it did not move any trees or leaves which i thought was abnormal. at this time i proceeded to my grandparents house and advised them what i witnessed and they advised me not to say anything due to the fact my peers would think i was abnormal. while at my grandparents in the living room a news broadcast was aired and the broadcast stated that an unidentified object matching the discription i gave my grandparents was sighted in texas. note: a few years before this while sleeping i was awakened by two white objects which appeared to have no extremities, one at the foot of my bed and one beside my bed with sunken eyes and a round mouth that seemed to be rotating. i tried to move and scream but was unable. the next thing i remember is waking in the morning. a few years before this at a seperate location i was awakened in the night by a tug on my leg and then being pulled to the floor at the same time my brother was pulled to the floor. at this same time my mother in a different room was screaming and as my brother and i entered the room and observed the bed shaking and her stating a presence in the room making impressions in the bed. im not sure if these incidents are related but its something i have lived with my whole life and would like some feed back if possible. i would also like to say as a juvenile i was inflicted with nose bleeds that stopped after these strange occurances stopped. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness is public employee, and elects to remain semi-anonymous.  PD));40.0591;-84.0292
