Triangle shape black object bigger than commercial jet. 3 round bright lights 1 on each corner, red light in center.;2011-11-27 18:00:00;20 minutes;Triangle shape black object bigger than commercial jet. 3 round bright lights 1 on each corner, red light in center. It began while I was sitting on the front porch at my house an hour after the sun began to go down, precisely 5:58 PM.  I even caught 2 pictures of it on my picture phone which made the object look much smaller than it actually appeared from my point of view. (will be posted on the bottom of this page). First, I saw a bright flash out of the corner of my eye. I thought to myself that it must have been a spotlight rotating in the sky which I see from time to time but it never came back around so I dismissed it and moved on.  Soon after, I saw 3 bright lights in the distance behind the wood line coming towards the front of my house moving at a considerably slow speed and very quiet.  While moving forward nonetheless. shortly afer spotting the oblect in the distance, it finally arrived at the top of the horizon and almost over my house.  At this time I immediately called my brother, informed him of the spotting not knowing where he was and then hung up the phone to proceed taking a video with the camera on my phone.  When I was done, in my haste, I hit the end button deleting the video.  Quickly, I started to take a picture before it was completely out of view. I acquired two photos One showing an object with 3 bright lights in a triangular formation on the bottom surface of an object which was not fully visible due to the darkness of it over the night sky though I do beleive it was triangular aswell. The second, shows the same light formation, this time, with the 3 white lights dimmed and a red one in the center. For whatever reason it appeared this way in the photo, I don't know, but there was a red light in the center that I could see dimming in and out behind the camera, but luckily each picture portrays a good example of the different lights. After the event I walked inside of my house. 5, maybe 10 minutes go by and my brother whom I had called in the beginning has now called me back.  To my surprise, he tells me that he is on the highway about 7 miles away and could see that where it would seem our house is from where he was at, there was an object over top.  I rush back outside and there was the same exact view I had just witnessed 5 minutes before, same path, same speed, and i was in the same spot.  This confused me because now I didn't know if there was two objects, or if this one traveled back around.  It traveling around is hard to believe because of the incredibly slow speed at which it was moving.  Unless it sped up when I walked inside and it made the loop. Anyways, after the second go around of which my brother witnessed from several miles away aswell as me, that was the end besides the conversating between the family of what had just happened. The next day some programs on the television described a phenomenon world wide of sightings just like mine that still are considered unidentified.  I was excited and so was he :)  (Images are much smaller than they actually appeared.  Also I am sorry for the poor quality.  The order sequence of taking them was first, the one with 3 white lights, then as I was a little more towards the rear, I took the one that appeared red.)   Ok, i just pasted this and no pictures show up :(  maybe i can find out how to post them elsewhere. sorry.;38.6075;-76.6046000000001
Rounded triangle seen, 3 lights on bottom with colors red, blue, and white.;2012-10-15 12:00:00;1 minute;Rounded triangle seen, 3 lights on bottom with colors red, blue, and white. When I was in elementary school, I was at recess when I noticed something hovering in the clouds, rotating around its vertical axis.   When I saw it, I got the attention of my friend, who confirmed that there was, in fact, something unidentifiable in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.6075;-76.6046000000001
