Small or high-altitude chevrons in V pattern followed by ever lower or larger chevron over Depew, NY.;2014-06-16 23:00:00;10 minutes;Small or high altitude chevrons in V pattern followed by ever lower or larger chevron over Depew NY I was going out for a walk with a friend and just after we left, I noticed three chevron shaped lights going over in a V formation.   At first I thought they were meterors or something but they seemed to be holding a formation.  Shortly before disappearing out of sight, another came over at the same speed but larger or at a lower altitude.  It cruised over in the same direction and eventually disappeared as well.  All objects were riddish orange amd had no flashing lights or trails.  We also noticed no noise coming from the lights.   I'm always watching the sky and have seen all kinds of aircraft and even some satelites.  These seemed a bit unique so I dicided to report it.   Thank you for any info on these lights. ((NUFORC Note:  This is one of two reports from the same source.  The source does not indicate a date for this sighting.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Yeah no hoax here.  I mean, I'm only telling exactly what I saw.  I'm just not sure exactly what they were.  Both sightings were weird in their own ways.  The first ones were traveling in somewhat straight lines but if you looked hard, you could see them almost zig zag.  Looking like a short wave medium frequency if it had left a trail.  If that makes sense.  The second night was really strange cuz the first sighting was still sorta fresh in our minds.  It was only two of us the second time tho.  Same colors, no zig zag, similar shape, much lower alt.  The second time you could really see that they were like small glowing  boomerangs...  Haha.  I hate explaining it like that cuz it sounds crazy.   I watch all the ufo documentaries and I sound like those folks now.   I'm just looking for an explanation I guess.  I've always been in the middle when it comes to this stuff.  Because I know people lie, exaggerate, halucinate...  But after I saw the lights holding a formation and then the forth one come over even lower, we were just playing it off like they were low level meteors or something....  flying in formation.... yeah.  Meteors fly in formation right?  Haha.  Anyway, I'm not making it up, and I have no reason to pull some hoax.  I'll even be anonymous if I have to.   Thank you for your time and any info you can send.  I can better narrow down the time as well if that helps.  Thank you again.   ((END ADDENDUM));42.9051;-78.7059000000003
