A cigar shaped, shiney, silvery object stopped and started a few times, without turning, over Depew, NY.;2004-11-12 15:30:00;2 minutes;A cigar shaped, shiney, silvery object stopped and started a few times, without turning, over Depew, NY. On Friday, November 12th, at 3:30 PM, my husband was driving me to a doctor appointment, driving north on Transit Road.  I had my seat back and was just looking up at the sky out the passenger window.  The sun was shining and there were a few clouds in the sky, a very nice day.  I was looking northeast from the car.  My husband stopped for a red light at Broadway and Transit Rd...and that's when I saw it.  I spotted an object, elongated like a cigar, which appeared to be metal, silver in color, the sun shining on it.  There was no sound at all that I could hear and I didn't see any windows or wings.  It traveled in an southeasterly direction.  I then spotted a plane traveling northwest and I thought they would collide, but the plane crossed in front of it.  I wondered if the pilot saw this thing.  The cigar shaped object traveled slowly and steadily......then suddenly stopped in midair for a second, then moved in the direction from which it came.....no turning or anything.  I couldn't take my eyes off it.  I had never seen anything like it in my life.  My husband continued north on Transit Road and I kept my eyes on the object.  By now I was babbling like a maniac.  Then it stopped again for a second, and moved again from where it came.......I kept my eyes on it as we traveled....and I saw it once again stop and start traveling again..but then we were so far I couldn't keep track of it.  Continuing on to Main Street, I noticed before and after the doctor appointment that there were quite a number of planes in the sky, with their white exhaust trailing after them.  I am thoroughly puzzled and amazed.  I don't know of anything that moves in the sky, stops in midair, then goes in the opposite direction, without turning.  My husband suggested it was a blimp, but even blimps have to make a turn to go in the opposite direction, don't they?  He didn't see it at all because he had his eyes on the road going north.  It most certainly was NOT a balloon, nor a blimp.  It had no wings.  I can't determine its altitude, but as I recall, the plane looked a bit larger and I could see the plane had wings.  That's about all I can remember about it, but I can't forget it.  An internet friend of mine who lives in Canada said that the next day she also saw something in the sky that looked like what I described.  She lives in Stoney Creek, Ontario, but I'm not sure if she was in Stoney Creek at the time she saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));42.9051;-78.7059000000003
