Colorful Objects in Night Sky over Shady Spring, WV.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of celestial body, we suspect.  PD));2006-05-23 21:50:00;1 hour +;Colorful Objects in Night Sky over Shady Spring, WV. Observing the night sky around 9 PM, notice a solid white light traveling across the sky from southeast (Hinton, WV) to northwest (Beckley, WV) direction.  Similar to airplane movement but no blinking lights, just one solid emission.  Object slows and eventually fades out.  Keep looking for a few more minutes, nothing happens.  Then, what we think is a regular star suddenly emits three incredible pulses (flashes) of light and disappears.  Keep watching sky, not noticing anything for about 5-10 minutes.  Suddenly notice a bright twinkling light further on over the tree line in the distance (toward Beckley).  At first looks like a bright planet but notice slight movement.  Staying mostly still, it hovers a great number of feet in perfectly vertical direction up and down or shoots with incredible speed from side to side.  Obviously not man-made aircraft, at least one the public does not know about.  Observing object through binoculars, notice there seems to be no definite shape and a multitude of colorful lights is constantly revolving or moving around the object.  After another 10 minutes or so, notice a group of smaller  lighted objects moving below the main object just above the tree line, hovering above, in and through the tree tops.  At all times there are at least 3 to 4 airplanes in the sky.  As soon as one passes over the tree line another appears, obviously coming from the nearby airport (Raleigh County Airport).  After a while notice second object to the East with similar colorful emissions after a few minutes also emitting smaller lighted objects in the tree tops.  By this time the airplanes begin flying under and around unknown aircraft repeatedly, passing very close.  It is odd to see so many airplanes in the night sky over West Virginia.  Usually you may see one or two, I counted anywhere from 10-20 or airlpanes over the course of just an hour.  After 45 minutes to an hour, notice yet another object to the southeast (toward Hinton) same appearance and mannerisms as first two objects.  Take girlfriend home and leave for Parkersburg, she calls about 20 minutes later to tell me the latter object is hovering over the graveyard beside her house.  All observers are normal hard-working people.  We are all pretty open-minded.  Two are married with a child and second on the way.  I'm 25 years old and nothing like this has ever happened to me.  I am very fascinated, intrigued and just a little scared, but most of all curious.  I hope I get the chance to witness something like this again someday. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of celestial body, we suspect.  PD));37.7416;-81.0149
