At first I thought the object was a finish to some fireworks. Lights though continued to flash in same spot. After about 35-40 minutes,;1999-06-29 22:15:00;50 minutes;At first I thought the object was a finish to some fireworks. Lights though continued to flash in same spot. After about 35-40 minutes, lights moved toward west and disappeared. Last night (June 29, 1999) I was returning home with my daughter to our house in New Carlisle, IN. After turning onto our street, I saw what looked to be the finish of a white-colored fireworks in the northwestern part of the sky. However, the lights (and there first appeared to be two or three) did not move from that location for quite some time. These light flashed in a vertical fashion, much like the lights on an airplane. After pulling into our driveway, my daughter and I watched those lights for several minutes....as we watched them, there appeared to be another light of a green color which appeared to the left of the flashing set of lights. This green light (which did not flash or pulsate) shone for maybe 10-15 seconds, then seem to disappear. My wife came outside and she saw the flashing lights as well and maybe thought it was a cell telephone tower, since these lights were not moving and they seemed to be at the same height in the sky. Just after both my daughter and wife went into the house, I noticed a red light which appeared on the right isde of the flashing lights. As with the green light, it lasted but a few seconds before fading off. After about 20 minutes or so, the lights (which had been staionary) appeared to very slowly move toward the west. In the last five minutes or so, the lights seemd to pick up speed and very soon had disappeared in almost a straight line westward. The entire sighting lasted about 50 minutes or so. It was difficult to determine a shape. However, like I stated earlier, the white flashing lights were vertical and just on occasion would either the red or green light to the side show. Twice to my recollection the red and green light appeared at the same time and then faded. There were at least two planes in the sky that night, one directly over our house and another moving from west to east at what looked to be a lower point in the sky. All the while I wathed the lights, there also did not appear to be any sound, but maybe its distance away could account for that.;41.7032;-86.4886
