Unusual object spotted above lake.;1987-08-15 14:00:00;2 minutes;Unusual object spotted above lake. I came across this website today, and thought it important to report this even though this was an event that occured a fair time in the past.  I was 11 about to turn 12 in August 1987 and was staying at my father's house at West Lake (just outside of Prince George, BC, Canada).  It was a clear day although briskly cool and more like a fall day.  I was standing in front of our large living room window and looking out over the lake (southern part of the lake, looking east).  I noticed a dark almost black cylindical object vertically positioned almost directly over the middle of the lake.  It was perhaps 50-100 meters above the water.  Oddly I did not think much of it when I first saw it, but then I started to look at it with greater attention.  It was fairly small, I would guess that it was maybe, at most, a meter wide and 3 meters high.  At the middle point there appeared to be a band that was rotating, not really a light, but the band was of a lighter color.  The object stayed motionless, just sitting there for approximately a minute.  I called my dad, but he did not come.  While I was still viewing the object it sped away at a great speed to the upper right at almost exactly a 45 degree angle.  The speed at which it left was easily faster than any object I have ever seen in the air prior or since although it was visible as it sped away.  It left behind a 'very' thin black exhaust trail that lingered for at least a minute and disappeared, but never really dissapated.  I can remember that I ran to my dad and told him regarding the object, and he never really reacted to what I stated, more like an approving nod.  The rest of the afternoon I spent outside with binoculars.  We never talked about it much afterwards.  To create a better image of what I saw, it appeared almost like a black lipstick casing with a brighter band in the middle.  The thing it reminded me of the most when thinking about it afterwards was the probe druid in Star Wars.  The object I saw had little detail bit it just sat there above t! he lake, motionless except for that band.  I am 27 now and this small incident in time still remains a bizarre little fact in my life and I thought I would share it.  I am not certain of its origins, but I am certain it was not a figment of my imagination, nor anything else easily explained.  I would qualify it as an unidentified flying object and that is why I am choosing to share this information here. Here is a link to the Park on the Northern part of the lake, fyi:   http://wlapwww.gov.bc.ca/bcparks/explore/parkpgs/west_lk.htm I would also like to add something to this information which is likely unrelated, but on the very slight chance it is I will include it.  About a month before this sighting.  I was standing on our dock on the lake fishing.  I had put some water in the bottom of the canoe about 4 or 5 inches deep and any of the fish I caught I put in the canoe (the squaw fish as we called them were intended as cat food).  The canoe was tied at both ends parallel to the dock.  The weight of the water in the canoe was significant and I weighed at least 120 pounds at the time.  I was standing beside the canoe holding my fishing rod and looking across the lake (my line was not out at the time).  The lake was calm that day but I noticed an extremely fast rippling across the water that was coming toward me from the right.  The force of the wind picked the canoe out of the water, slammed it across the dock and into my leg knocking me into the water on the other side of the dock, with my fishing gear in hand.  All of the water and fish in the canoe were released, the canoe rested on top of the dock turned upside down and I was sitting in the water wandering what happened???  I was just in awe of how wind could pick a very heavy canoe out of the water and knock it into me causing me to tumble over into the water.;53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
