I was a tree planter going from Prince George to Fort Nelson (the 1st time) in July 1994. The time was between 11:00pm-12:00am. There w;1994-07-15 23:30:00;minutes/ twice;((NUFORC Note:  Time and date are approximate.  PD)) I was a tree planter going from Prince George to Fort Nelson (the 1st time) in July 1994. The time was between 11:00pm-12:00am. There were only two of us  in a cube truck, I was the passenger. There were no other cars on the highway and it was a very clear night, when suddenly the interior of the truck light up with flickering fire light, we thought the trucks cube with all our supplies was on fire. The light source was on the passenger side (my side) just out of the corner of my eye, but when I looked the light was gone. We both saw the light, but didn't know where it came from. We were a little taken aback. Five minutes later the light came back on the same side as before, but it was much dimmer and again when we looked back in the mirrors the light disappeared, but it was the same flickering light and there was no other traffic on the road with us. We arrived at our destination and told others our story. It turned out that the same light flashed two others in a different car, the same night, but in their story it was much brighter and scared them so bad that they pulled over and camped the rest of the night. Three weeks later after the contract was finished the crew was going back to Prince George along the same road, this time I was sitting behind the driver, it was about the same time as before, but in a different truck and again there was no other traffic on the road and it was a very clear night. Suddenly I got a savear head acke, it was instant and painful, like someone was going into my head and trying to comunicate. I tried to hear, but failed. I was going to give up trying when I heard in the back of my head he still can't hear us, with that I tried again to comunicate, but again could not make the connection. After about 15 minutes of trying I gave up and looked out the window to my right, past two of my crew. They were looking and talking towards the inside of the truck, so they didn't see what I saw. It was as large as a big marbell and bright white with a tail shooting out the back. Between the body and the tail was a gap about an inch wide. The spray was emmitting from the body and looked to be bubbling (large bubbles close to the boby and smaller ones at the end of the spray).From the spray shoot the tail which looked to be about five feet long. All the spray and the tail were orangy yellow in colour. The truck was going about ninty kms and when I looked at it, it slowed right down and flew behind the truck. The window it was flying beside was open a crack and when it slowed down and went behind the truck the noise from the wind coming through the window dropped by half, and my headacke went away instantly. I didn't say anything to my crew, I think I was in mild shock. Love to have it happen again. Next time I will stop the truck.;53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  5 balls of red light running across the sky at an equal distance to one another.;2003-10-12 23:00:00;unknown;5 balls of red light running across the sky at an equal distance to one another. Date: October 2003 Time: 11:00 p.m. Hello there!  About a year and half ago I went out the back door at a local mill in the industrial site say around 11:00 p.m. in October I happen to look up and from a south to north east angle I saw five small red dots in the sky,  funny thing is that they were perfectly staggered behind one another,same distance apart.I went back in the mill to tell a coworkers but by the time we got back they were gone.Just thought it was a strange thing to see at the time.  It looked something like this!! (image had 5 balls of red light running across the sky at an equal distance to one another).  Thank you to the witness for their report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Something that may have been making the colored contrail.;2004-01-05 16:00:00;approx: 2 minutes;A lady called me from Prince George, British Columbia to file a report on something unusual she had witnessed on January 5, 2004 at approx: 4:00 p.m. She was standing by the Future Shop with her back to the building. The lady said it was almost completely dark out when she spotted it just above the horizon over one of the local hills.  A short contrail, coral red in color. She mentioned if it had of been light out she may have been able to see the body of the craft, or something that may have been making the colored contrail. But because of the time of day, and being almost pitch black out she could not see what was causing the contrail. The witness said it was very bright, defined trail. The lady said she didn't believe it was very high up in the sky and the object did not have any flashing strobe lights on it. It traveled on a steady, straight path not making any unusual moments as it flew along. The witness said she observed it for approx: a couple of minutes and then she walked back into the store. The object was still visible at the time she stopped watching it. So we have no idea just how long the lady would have been able to observe it for.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  A circular ball of red light approx: one block from her home.;2004-01-30 21:45:00;approx: 2 minutes;I received a call on the toll free line from a woman who resides in Prince George, British Columbia. She wanted to report seeing a circular ball of red light approx: one block from her home. It was bright and the witness watched the object rise up from behind the trees in the neighborhood. It stopped briefly then moved slowly towards the west for a short distance before it came to a complete stop. The red light dropped down towards the trees, but stopped just short of the tops.  Again it rose up rather quickly, then stopped and sat stationary for a few seconds. It finally continued it's travels maneuvering in a strange fashion towards the west. The witness said as it flew a long it would make a tight maneuver on a curve, in other words it looks as if it was going around a bend. The object continued in this motion until it was out of her line of sight. Also the lady I talked with had called her Mother out of the house when she first saw it, both daughter and Mother observed the object. No sound was reported associated to it.  Thank you to the witnesses for their report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian email: hbccufo@telus.net website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Dozens of residents see lights in the sky.;2004-01-31 21:00:00;two hour spread?;Dozens of residents see lights in the sky. On the evening of January 31, 2004 a large number of Prince George residents were stunned and puzzled over what they were witnessing in the night sky between 8:00 - 10:00 p.m., PST. Some called the Prince George Citizen newspaper to explain what it was they saw, and how peculiar it was. All of the witnesses, by the dozens, observed two extremely bright, orange circular lights in the sky.  The lights stayed fairly close together and did not make any sudden moments. Many residents reported the lights just hanging there for a number of minutes before moving ever so slightly. HBCC UFO Research was contacted by the Prince George Citizen enquiring about it, and a staff reporter did an interview for Saturday, February 7, 2004, newspaper.  Over the weekend the telephone did not stop ringing. Many reports of orange lights came in from Prince George residents. Plus other very interesting reports for 2003 and back as far as the 1950s. Some of these reports included beams of lights hitting their vehicles as they travelled along the highway. A huge ball of light hovering over the tree tops not making any sound. A line of red balls of light sitting stationary in the night sky, etc...  After taking the calls and listening to the stories, some of the descriptions started me thinking. More folks contacted me. Some had watched the whole event unfold viewing the lights through binoculars. A retired military man was certainly the key to this case. Plus another lady who also gave a great description of the event.  I made several enquiries to the RCMP but the police had no information about the matter and took no calls from the general public over it.  I typed up a few reports below from the eye witnesses who called in.  Report #1 Report received February 7, 2004 Prince George, British Columbia  Date: January 30, 2004 Time: Between 8:00 & 9:00 p.m.  I had a call from a lady on February 7, 2004 who wanted to file a report on something she and her husband witnessed as they were driving down Tabor from 15th. They looked to the east and saw lights in the sky and thought at first it may have been an airplane. The witnesses mentioned they saw no strobe lights which they knew an aircraft would have. They reported the lights were moving rather slowly. As they drove down the road they passed by the trees which blocked their view of the lights in the sky. After they came to a clear area, they stopped the car and looked to the south and again noticed the lights.  The witnesses told me that when they saw it again, this time it appeared to look like a black balloon, or umbrella shape.  The lady said it looked as if the object would flip over, so the umbrella appearance was at the bottom and then would show up back on top. The lady and husband reported not a sound coming from it and whatever it was dropped downwards. The couple reported the lights as being white in color. The witnesses estimated they observed the event for approx: 5 minutes.  The folks didn't believe the object was very far from their location and said it wasn't that high up when they first saw it. Also they finally lost sight of the lights when they dropped down low enough that homes finally blocked their view. The people estimated the size to be roughly that of a golf ball. One other note, the witnesses said they believed that the lights were moving diagonally as they came closer to the ground.  Thank you to the witnesses for their report.  Report #2 Report received February 7, 2004 Prince George, British Columbia  Date: January 31, 2004 Time: Between 9:00 - 9:30 p.m.  A gentleman called to report seeing the orange lights witnessed over Prince George on January 31, 2004. He and his wife live near 1st & Foothills in Prince George and were planning an evening out when the walked out of their home, which faces towards the downtown area they noticed the two orange colored lights in the night sky. They said the lights were very bright and that is what caught their attention. The witness went on to say he is used to seeing helicopters and fixed winged aircraft flying over all the time, but what he could not understand was the brightness of the lights, also how close the lights were to one another. The couple stood just outside their front door watching the lights for a good three minutes, but due to them having reservations they had to get on their way. The husband wondered if it might be a UFO, his wife said it possibly might be a plane, but both still thought it looked rather odd. He told me he almost dismissed it at that time. But as they drove along 1st Avenue heading towards Tabor and not traveling very far the fellow decide it was time to pull the car over as he said one doesn't get to see anything like this very often or ever.  As they both sat watching, they were able to get a good view of what was taking place. One of the orange lights appeared to be over top of the other or maybe off to a bit of an angle to the left. Another 3 to 4 minutes passed and the bottom light started dropping off towards the left and seemed to flicker a little bit. He thought it may have been going into some of the light clouds that were present that evening, then all of a sudden the light disappeared. The other light was still visible and stayed around the same area in the sky for a little while longer. The witness estimated the last light held it's brilliance for maybe another 30 seconds before it started to flicker. It began to fade and then would become very bright again.  This went on for a very short period of time before it to vanished.  Again it was lightly overcast with a high ceiling. The witness also estimated the objects were roughly a finger length apart if one was to hold out their hand at arms length. The witness stated that the lights did sit stationary for some of the time, before moving. The witnesses reported no sound was heard, and no aircraft were seen in the area. At arm's length, using his thumbnail to guess at an approx: size of the lights, he said each one may have been one fifth of the size of his nail.  Thank you to the witnesses for their report.  Report #3 Report received February 7, 2004 Prince George, British Columbia  Date: January 31, 2004 Time: approx: 9:30 p.m.  Calls kept coming into HBCC UFO Research over the January 31, 2004 sighting in Prince George, B.C.  Below is another report from a fellow who wanted to tell me what he witnessed that evening. The evening was overcast and no stars were visible at the time of the sighting. The man went on to tell me that his daughter spotted it first and then called to the rest of the family to come out and look at the strange lights in the sky which were reported to be just over top of one of the local mountains. He explained that the color of the lights were an orange/white. The witness also said he thought there may have been a small tail behind each of the lights, but it was hard to distinguish for certain. The lights were stationary for a very short time when these folks noticed them and as they watched, the lights did start to move but ever so slightly.  They said there were two very bright lights which looked identical to one another. The man's wife said they looked like landing lights from an aircraft due to how close they were together, and the brightness of them. They all ruled this out quickly as the lights just stayed in the one area of the sky. They observed the lights rise up for a short distance, still staying close to one another. As they watched one of the lights seemed to disappear quickly, but they didn't think it went into the clouds as he noted the cloud ceiling was rather high that night and the lights weren't close to them.  The other remaining light was seen to move back, or away from the families location and it also disappeared. Both lights were extremely bright, and the family said they stayed that way until they finally blinked out, or just vanished.  These folks figured they watched the lights for at least two minutes before they were gone. The man said, how long they were visible before he noticed them is anyone's guess. They also reported no sound and the witnesses said if it had a plane or helicopter you would have certainly have heard it. The folks estimated that the lights were approx: 10 times larger than their thumbnail.  Thank you to the family for their report.  Report #4 Report received February 7, 2004 Prince George, British Columbia  Date: January 31, 2004 Time: approx: 9:30 - 10:00 p.m.  Now this was a very interesting call that I received from a man who resides in Prince George, B.C. When I answered the phone, the fellow said he had just read their local newspaper and that he could tell me exactly what the lights were that everyone saw that evening. Below is the report the gentleman gave to me.  The fellow said he watched the whole event through a pair of field glasses. It was January 31, 2004, between 9:30 - 10:00 p.m. and the man claims it landed two blocks from his home. The witness said what he watched was a couple of night jumpers, jumping with parachutes with lights attached around their feet or ankles. The man observed them coming over from the west over the hill. He mentioned that he had a fairly strong set of glasses (binoculars) and was clearly able to see the jumpers hanging in their chutes and saw when they turned their lights off. One of them landed in a park just two blocks away from the witnesses home and the other went towards the Fraser River and the BCR Railway. The gentleman figured the were practicing night jumping.  When the jumpers were first spotted they were rather high up and he and his wife first thought it may have been an airplane. He went on to say the lights were a very bright orange in color, and the reason they were no longer visible was simply because they had turned them off. The fellow, now retired, was in the military himself and had done a lot of jumping and as soon as he spotted the orange lights he thought it looked familiar due to the descent, plus the way the lights were traveling. When he looked through his binoculars he knew exactly what it was he was seeing. He figured the jumpers used their lights to keep track of each other and to designate where they were going to. Once they started getting closer to the ground they turned off their lights and just used the lights from the city to land. He also said the chutes were beautiful, very modern shaped parachutes and the jumpers with such good gear were able to carry out some of the antics they pulled off that cold evening. It was actually comical as the witness said one of the jumpers almost turned himself upside down and then this would give the impression of the lights going back up into the night sky. The two jumpers were carrying out some acrobatics on their way and obviously no sound was reported.  Thank you very much to the witnesses for their reports.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  We saw two fiery orange balls hovering in the sky above us.;2004-03-28 01:26:00;approx: 40 seconds;We saw two fiery orange balls hovering in the sky above us. Message: Around 1:26 a.m. March 28th 2004, in Prince George, B.C. my friends and I were dropping my brother off and my passenger happened to look out the window. He said to pull over, and I did as quickly as possible. He ran out of the car and I quickly followed to see what it was about. After getting out of the car I saw two fiery orange balls hovering in the sky above us, seemingly floating along. We watched the balls move for approximately a block and a half before one separated down towards the horizon. It was then we quickly got into the car to chase the other one, only to lose it.  The witness was kind enough to supply some more information on the sighting.  Additional Information below.  The object never stayed stationary at anytime during the sighting. No sound was heard coming from the objects. Also there was no trail or tail following the two object. An estimation of the altitude of the lights would have placed them at the height the UNBC University was sitting. (so not high at all). Both lights traveled side to side for moments, then split apart. No flames, but the flickering of the lights seemed to be like fire. The objects were moving North-east above Ospika/foothills. There were three witnesses to the sighting. The witness mentioned that he was not aware of any other who saw it at this time.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
The first one I dismissed for a brief moment, it was extremely bright, I thought it was planet (Venus or Mars perhaps) then it blinked;2006-06-16 23:00:00;2 Hours;The first one I dismissed for a brief moment, it was extremely bright, I thought it was planet (Venus or Mars perhaps) then it blinked twice so I stopped and watched it. 45 seconds later (30 seconds to a minute), it blinked twice again. I continued my walk to the movie store as clouds obstructed the view. As I came back the clouds were cleared and the light was brighter than any planet or star I'd seen. I looked up and saw a dimmer one moving nw. the one moving nw quickly stopped, switched directions and accellerated towards a fast moving satellite. Once it had got close enough it had pulled a fast semi-circlular dodge, and dropped behind it, then it slowed almost to a stop, I had then called my mom out, she came out side to watch it move as well as the first one. We went inside. Then at 00:40, I went outside to see it, I had only saw the first, however, I heard a military jet flying away. Our last commercial jets over our city is at 20:00. Unfortunately, I do not have a film camera, but seeing the one pull evasive manuevers was damn cool.;53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
 satellite traveling from West to East.  Then I saw another behind it  ((Starlink satellites??));2020-08-16 04:12:00;2-3 minutes;At 04:12 I went outside for a smoke on the deck.  Facing south I looked up and saw what I thought was a satellite traveling from West to East.  Then I saw another behind it then another behind it for at least 10 or more.  All evenly spaced traveling at satellite speed. All same size.  Thought It odd.  Silent too, not a sound.  Took note of the time.  Just thought I'd mention it to someone in case someone else saw this.  Took pics, but my cam sucks.;53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
