Glowing red saucer shaped object in the winter sky.;1976-01-10 18:00:00;5 seconds;Glowing red saucer shaped object in the winter sky. It was the winter I turned 11 years old. I am 40 years old now. My Dad had just left 10 minutes before hand for work at the sawmill.  My Mom, sister, brother and I were out riding our olympic snowmobile in the field near our house.  Everyone decided to go inside and I thought I would go for one more round on the field.  I turned around in the yard and headed back down into the field when I saw, above the trees and back a ways (i really couldn't say how far..like maybe 500 yards or so) at the far end of our field, a bright glowing , all red craft of some kind.  It's shape was saucer like but it also flared out on each side like curved protrusions.  I was absolutly flabberghasted...couldn't beleive my eyes. (I was interested in ufo's even back then and used to take books out of the library on them quite often)   It was stationary in the sky and I can't say if there was sound because of the ski-doo engine. This object was all the same brightly glowing red colorthroughout....no other lights or changes in hue...all the same. Of course it scared me instantly cause I thought it might come after me....so I turned that snowmobile around as fast as i could, went back up to the house, jumped off her and removed the key before she even quit moving I think, ran into the house, jumped up onto the kitchen cupboard to see if i could see it again through the window, but it was gone.  If it had still been there, I would have deffinately been able to see it from that vantage point.   That experience has run through my mind over and over ever since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the incident is approximate.  PD));53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Objects cross paths.;2004-05-13 23:15:00;4 minutes;Objects cross paths. A lady called me from Prince George, B.C. to report a sighting that she and her mother had. The first witness to the sighting had been laying down with her young son when her Mom came into the room and said she could hear what they thought was a kitten crying just outside their home. So the two ladies went outside to have a look for the crying cat when the porch light suddenly went out.  One of the ladies looked up into the sky and towards the west and noticed a light traveling through the sky heading in their direction which was towards the east. She thought it may have been a satellite or a airplane. But the light was far to low in altitude for it to be a satellite and there was no sound or any flashing lights so she ruled out a plane of some kind.  As the white light approached closer and over top of their home it grew much brighter, extremely bright she said. The object continued it's flight towards the east and at one point the ladies Mother saw another light coming towards the one they were already watching, but the second light was traveling from the north and heading to the south. As both witnesses watched, the lights met up in the night sky and blinked out as they crossed each other's path. The woman told me they just disappeared.  The first light was observed for approx: three minutes and the second light was observed for approx: 1 1/2 minutes before they both vanished. No tail was following behind any of the lights. It was also a clear night. No aircraft were seen inn the area when the sighting took place.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com Redirect: http://www.brianvike.com Redirect: http://www.hbccuforesearch.com;53.8666711711713;-122.86412027027
