On two consecutive nights saw multiple orange glowing objects follow same course;2013-08-09 22:10:00;20 minutes;On two consecutive nights saw multiple orange glowing objects follow same course At about 10:10 pm, on August 9, 2013, my wife and I went out to our back porch in Gloucester, MA, and saw a strange orange light heading west to east coming across Ipswich Bay in a straight line, at constant altitude, about the altitude I've seen small private planes flying, i.e. about 1000 to 1500 feet, heading toward our house.    It was unusual because I thought it was an airplane with its landing lights on, but I've never seen orange landing lights on an aircraft, they are always white.  But here is the really strange part, it was followed by another nineteen similar, orange lights “craft” flying silently in the same west to east direction, all following about the same course.  They were spaced at about 90 second intervals.  There was no sound associated with them.   They flew over the house next door and kept going until they disappeared between the houses across the street. All of this happened over a ten to fifteen minute period.  We followed each one until it disappeared, some behind the trees others seem to just blink off after they passed us.  We saw no interactions between the craft. I didn't have a camera, but grabbed some binoculars.  I saw nothing but the orange lights.  Some appeared to have a bright white core.  There was no sign of a solid craft that would have been visible with reflected light or the usual navigation lights on an aircraft (red, green, white).  There were certainly no strobe lights which I see all the time on aircraft flying in the area. While we were seeing the lights, an airplane, with its bright white landing light on, flew in the area, but it looked like it was at a higher altitude and much farther away. The next night, August 10th, 2013, we were at a concert in Rockport, MA, about three miles in a straight line from the first sighting.  It was about 9 PM.  We went outdoors to watch an impending fireworks display on the other side of Sandy Bay.  The Bay was filled with stationary boats waiting for the fireworks.   Over the next fifteen minutes, we saw five more of the same glowing orange light objects performing in the same way, this time spaced about three minutes apart.  That is, they were flying low, one at a time, following the exact same course as the previous one, this time about North to South.  In this sighting, we could see where they first came into view.  They originated low on the other side of the Bay, implying that they were at a very low altitude.   They flew overhead and to our right until they disappeared behind the buildings in back of us on Rockport’s Main Street. We were surrounded by about ten to fifteen people who were also waiting for the fireworks.   No one appeared to notice the orange lights.  If we hadn't seen the same objects the night before, we probably wouldn't have paid attention either. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.6219;-70.6761999999999
Bright sphere appeared over Annisquam River and pulsed many colors in rapid succession.;2018-05-08 20:15:00;10-15 minutes;bright sphere appeared over Annisquam River and pulsed many colors in rapid succession. I was driving home to Gloucester, MA from Salem, MA, tonight, May 8th, about 8:15 pm on route 128 (highway).  As I got to about exit 15, I noticed a very bright round object on my left far ahead, above the tree line.  It was larger than a star and extremely bright and perfectly round.   As I got closer and crossed the bridge into Gloucester, I saw that it was hovering over the Annisquam Rover and moved like a helicopter but was pulsing different colors and was staying fairly stationary, but not completely still.  It was also totally silent.   As I went around the rotary and headed to my neighborhood, I could still glimpse it when there was an opening in the trees and houses.   Once I got to Wheeler St, it was closer and brighter, and I saw other cars slow down to look at it.  You could make out colors that it was 'pulsing' - red, green, purple, yellow - but not in that order.   I pulled over and watched it for a full minute and then rushed home to tell my kids about it. H! owever, when I pulled into my driveway, there was ANOTHER similar sphere above the Mill River.  It too was pulsing colors, so I called my daughters out and we all watched it for a good 10 minutes with binoculars.  It was perfectly round like the other one, but a bit further off and higher in the sky.  It was harder to see what colors this one was with the naked eye, but we could see color sequences when we watched it thru the binoculars.  I tried taking photos, but it was too far away for my phone to really catch it.  It pulsed just like the other one I had seen on the way home.  My younger daughter, age 13, said  it looks like a clear ball filled with multicolored Christmas lights going off in it really fast.   We went in for dinner eventually, and 30 minutes later it was gone.;42.6219;-70.6761999999999
a series of bright spheres moved slowly, one-by-one, in a southerly direction,away from a stationary sphere.  ((anonymous report));2018-07-08 22:00:00;1 hour;a series of bright spheres moved slowly, one-by-one, in a southerly direction,away from a stationary sphere While standing on the Ipswich Bay side of Cape Ann, looking towards Crane Beach, we saw one bright sphere about 3 times the size of Venus that hovered low over the horizon, at about the level of Venus.  Suddenly, there were 2 spheres, side-by-side.  The more southern one slowly drifted at a constant level and speed in a Southerly direction.  The original sphere did not move, but another sphere appeared beside it and followed in the same path as the second sphere.  This continued for about an hour.  We lost count, but there must have been at least 10 spheres that followed the same pattern.  There were usually 2-3 spheres moving before they were lost to our sight due to trees.  Only one sphere started to move in a more northerly direction, before turning to circle around the original sphere and then continuing in a southerly direction.  A few of the spheres had a reddish hue, some seemed to fade and decrease in size. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.6219;-70.6761999999999
I first saw the object with a circular pattern of lights hovering at about 300 yards over my head near the Gloucester City Hall... It h;2020-09-10 21:00:00;15 minutes;I first saw the object with a circular pattern of lights hovering at about 300 yards over my head near the Gloucester City Hall... It had changing colored lights in a circular pattern, and when it moved, the colored lights would go off and you could see a single white flashing light as it moved... It moved closer as though it saw me and lined up on me with red lights in a perfect circle...  It stayed in that position for about 10 minutes as I stared at it trying to figure out what it was...   Then it flattened out and started moving around the area with its lights changing colors...  Then it started moving south in a mixed pattern of lights that was not circular...   I was baffled to what it was because it was totally silent the whole time...;42.6219;-70.6761999999999
Across Gloucester Harbor south of Eastern Point were to spheres hovering near the lighthouse area dimming then brightening their lights;2021-03-29 19:00:00;30;Across Gloucester Harbor south of Eastern Point were to spheres hovering near the lighthouse area dimming then brightening their lights. First there was one object in the same position then another similar object approached close to the first object. Then the second just disappeared.;42.6219;-70.6761999999999
