three lights moving in formation from north to south;2003-09-28 01:28:00;30 seconds;three lights moving in formation from north to south i was coming home from a friend's house - at about 1:28 or 1:30 A.M. i drove up my alley and parked the car in the driveway - i live next to a church that is divided from my alley by a wall. i had noticed someone rollerblading in the parking lot of the church as i was going up the alley, so, being curious, i walked down to the end of my alley to look over the wall to see. as i was walking to the wall (facing east), i was looking in the sky directly in front of me, and at about an angle of maybe 35 degrees up (i am not sure about that, but they seemed QUITE low), saw three (white)lights moving from north to south in a horizontal direction. they appeared much bigger than the surrounding stars, maybe about one sixth the size of the moon. the lights were constant. they seemed to be in formation, but were kind of wobbling in relation to each other. there was one in the center, and one on each side. i kept walking down to the wall while observing this. around the three lights, there seemed to be a sort of wavy kind of haze in that area of sky, sort of blurred and indistinct. i watched for about thirty seconds as they crossed the sky to the south, seemingly right above I-75, which i live right next to. between them, at times, i thought i saw lines connecting the three to each other, but the lines were really indistinct. i reached and sat on the wall, watching them move off into the distance. after they moved out of sight, i climbed over the wall, thinking to ask the rollerblader if they had seen them as well. they were sitting in their car across the lot, but i could not get up enough courage to go and talk to them. i thought i would have seemed like a real kook if it turned out that they had not seen the lights (plus, i was kind of shaken by seeing such a thing). there was no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and he sounded quite credible to us.  We wonder whether he might have witnessed the three satellites that fly in formation, and which are thought to be part of the U. S. Navy NOSS satellite surveillance system.  We have corrected the time to 01:28 hrs..  PD));32.951386013986;-96.7090108073734
