Elongated wedge shaped UFO, smooth silver in color, in the daytime.;1978-04-15 13:00:00;1 to 2 minutes;Elongated wedge shaped UFO, smooth silver in color, in the daytime. When I was in elementary school, around the 1978-1979 time frame, I was out at recess at school, on the swingset swinging away when I had just stopped swinging and was looking at the sky and the clouds. Almost all of a sudden, this smooth, almost polished silvery object passed silently across the sky. I never pointed towards the sky or called out to anyone (since it was very short, and I felt I would probably be ridiculed to no end) when it happened. It didn't last very long, possibly a minute or so.  There was no portholes or windows on the object, it was completely featureless, with no lights of any sort, and was seemingly completely level during the entire sighting. Never did any acrobatic maneuvers or showed off or anything like that. Seemingly just darted across the sky just fast enough so I could see and nothing else.  The shape of it, an elongated wedge, is best described as taking a three-sided pyramid and taking one point and stretching it. There's a picture in one of the special issues of UFO Universe (can't recall which one) of a drawing made by a young girl in Israel of her UFO sighting, that had a shape (possibly of the craft itself) that looked just like mine, except hers had lights. The text of the drawing was all done in the Israeli writing, so I am not sure if that's the case.  The object never left a trail, there was no haze about it, no emittance of beams, or anything of the sort. And no noise ever came from the object during the entire sighting. It also remained absolutely level, and performed no acrobatic maneuvers or rose upwards at a very high rate of speed. It also never slowed down, as the speed seemed to be very steady the entire sighting.  No one else talked about it, so I don't know if the other kids saw it or not. I never pointed it out or called anyone's attention to it, preferring to keep it to myself in case I was ridiculed for seeing it. The several on the witnesses box is only technical, since the other kids were out playing around, but none ever saw the object or said anything about it at the time.  I am also the same one who had the landed UFO sighting with occupant in Gainesville, FL some years later (1990-91 time frame). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  PD));32.951386013986;-96.7090108073734
