Stationary red, blue flashing lights in sky west, southwest of Mendon MA ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly the star, Sirius.  PD));2005-04-16 17:00:00;1 hour;Stationary red, blue flashing lights in sky west, southwest of Mendon MA Not sure if this is an actual UFO, but it was strange enough event that I thought I should report it.   At 9PM Eastern time, my 14 year old daughter asked me to come out side and look at a strange light in the western sky.  I came out an saw what looked like a bright star, but which clearly included pulsing blue and then red lights.  The blue and red lights were clearly visible.  At first I assumed that it was an aircraft of some type, but the light source seemed not to be moving across the sky like a jet would.  It was holding it's position.   After observing the light for several minutes, I called my brother who lives approximately 10 miles away and asked him if he was able to see the light as well.  Both he, his wife, and my sister, who lives in the same neighborhood clearly saw the light, and agreed that the light was very clearly pulsing red, blue and white.  We both continued to watch the light for approximately an hour, until it slowly slipped below the tree line, where I was no longer able to watch it.  My brother was able to see the light for approximately another 1/2 hour because his home is not surrounded by trees, as mine is.  Relative to Mendon MA, which is south west of Boston MA, the light appeared to be around 10 degrees south of due west, and started off  at approximately 15 degrees above the horizon.  My brother also thought that he saw another similar light source due west at a higher altitude.  I looked there as well to confirm his sighting of a second similar light source, and saw it as well, but it was not nearly as bright, and to be honest, while it looked similar, I could not make it out well enough to say with 100% certainly that it was also pulsing blue and red.  My daughter told me that the light was pointed out to her by a friend of hers prior to telling me about it, and her friend stated that she had first noticed it in the same approximate location the night before.  We will be looking for the light again tonight.  I can't help but assume that this light was perhaps either a satellite or maybe even the space station.  I understand that early this morning there was a docking, so perhaps what we were watching was the docking lights of the space station.  I tried to look on the net for a description of space station docking lights, but could not find any.  Also I'm not sure if the space station would stay in on location in the night sky.  Also, unless they were testing the docking lights the night before, docking lights would not explain why my daughter's friend saw the same  lights the night before.  I was quite embarrassed to do this, but after observing the light for approximately 55 minutes, I called a local TV station in the hopes that perhaps they could get a better look at the lights in the sky.  I never hear any mention of the reported lights on the news, I can only assume they thought it was a hoax.  I have no idea what I saw, and unfortunately all I really saw were pulsing lights, and I could not make out any form other than the lights themselves.  However I can say with 100% certainty, that the lights were indeed pulsing red, blue and white.  I am a 43 year old engineer, as is my brother, and neither of us are the type of people to cry wolf, but this was most definitely the strangest thing I have ever seen in the sky, and I hope to see it again tonight.  I hope others see it as well so that I can get an explanation of what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witnesses are observing the star, Sirius, which is quite prominent in the western sky during winter months, at the time indicated by the witness.  PD));42.0971;-71.5465
