A white light brighter than the stars moved slowly from south to north, seemed to slow, grew quite bright, then faded within 10 seconds;2008-06-20 23:00:00;1 minute;A white light brighter than the stars moved slowly from south to north, seemed to slow, grew quite bright, then faded within 10 seconds.  No sounds.  Object seemed fairly low in the sky...emerged from the top of the treeline.;46.8343;-90.8231
at 6:30 pm i was playing outside with my daughter. We were running through the trails i shoveled through the snow. My daughter loves to;2010-01-17 18:30:00;15 seconds;at 6:30 pm i was playing outside with my daughter.  We were running through the trails i shoveled through the snow.  My daughter loves to point at the moon and the stars ever so often. So before we went inside to get out the cold i said to her say goodbye to the moon and the stars. I panned the sky and to the north over Lake Superior i saw a bright light. Twice as bright as the ever is on its brightest night. It was moving from west to east. At first i thought it was a satalite. But i realized it was much to bright. My mind was racing trying to figure out what could be so bright in the sky. Im absolutley sure it was not a plane. It made no noise had no flashing lights and was way to bright. Its was not a meteor, There was no tail and the object moved in a straight line perfect to the horizon. The light began to fade. I thought it was going behind clouds. But the sky was clear and i could see stars all around the area of the object. And not a could anywhere i! n the sky! It faded fairly quickly until it was just gone. I brought my daughter quickly inside. Handed her off to her mother and went right back out to watch for more. In a matter of three minutes i was back outside scanning the north horizon when i saw a jet flying the exact same path. I could see the flashing lights of the jet and hear the roar of the engines. I stayed outside for another 20 minutes and saw one satalite. The satalite was much dimmer and much slower than the object i saw. I have no blurry pics, no shaky cell phone cam and my only witness is my year and a half daughter. But i saw it. And it was cool. I am puzzled. Excited. Curious. Just dont know what it was. I guess thats why there called UFO's.;46.8343;-90.8231
