Bright red non-flashing point-source of light, with 6 rapid flashing lghts.;1999-07-16 23:50:00;1 hour;Bright red non-flashing point-source of light, with 6 rapid flashing lghts. Peter, I am a sailor and an electrical engineer with 35 years experience. I am also an ex-MUFON investigator in Minn. (resigned when i moved out of state). I was watching the night sky which was crystal clear, moon was a sliver, and low on the horizon. Stars were very clear and bright. I noticed that there was a extremely bright red non-flashing point-source of light that had 6 fast flashing (~6 flashes/sec.) red strobe-like lights on it's front and two slower flashing red lights on it's back end coming over the southern horizon and moving directly north at a modest rate of speed ( it took perhaps 2 minutes to traverse horizon to horizon). The flashing red lights were strobe like point-sources (not diffused at all)..similar to the light from a red LED wtih a clear cap. It was at approximately 10,000 ft. AS it cleared into the northern horizon, a second object, similar to the first but different, appeared on the southern horizon in the same place as the first one did. This one had two red non-flashing point sources of light, directly opposed from each other ( like a barbell with lights on it's ends), and 3 flashing red lights on it's front. It followed the same path as the first light, and as it passed by, the front lights disappeared behind the body of the craft..it was easy to see the shape when this happened. It looked to be a wing shape. AS this light cleared the northern horizon, another red non-flashing light similar to the first appeared at the southern horizon and followed the other two in the same path and altitude. THis one was the same as the first object in it's light configuration and speed of flashing. AS the third object cleared into the northern horizon, another red non-flashing point-source of light came into view on the NE horizon, traveling SW. THis one had a red non-flashing center and 3 or 4 rapidly flashing red lights all over it's body. It seemed round in shape. I watched these with a 50 power binocular. THere was no mistaking these lights from commercial or private aircraft. There was no similarity at all. The feeling I had was of a series of vessels surveying the area. Keep up the good work!! ((name and address deleted));46.8343;-90.8231
Round orange, lit object seemed to have been turned on like a light switch, then disappears 13 seconds later.;2011-06-23 22:45:00;10- 15 seconds;Round orange lit object seemed to have been turned on like a light switch then disappears 13 seconds later. Me my girlfriend and 3 children were driving home from a late event at approx. 10:45 pm.  A dark paved rural rd.  We were driving northbound when in an instant a orange light appeared up in the sky out of nowhere as if someone turned on a light switch.  It was 3- 4 times bigger than just the biggest star the biggest star but not bright shimmering like a star more of a faint orange like with a dimple in the middle like doughnut kind of.  It stayed solid in its luminance.   Me and my girlfriend both said, what ((deleted)) is that?  After about 12-15 seconds, it kinda swirled out and disappeared into thin air.   We turned a corner and the object was then in the western sky above the tree line and we lost it as it went under the trees.   Very strange the kids started to get scared as me and my girlfriend absessivly talked about it. IT WAS VERY STRANGE. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));46.8343;-90.8231
