Large golden-orange lights, two sets of two, like headlights floating in the sky that appeared and disappeared;2018-02-12 21:00:00;20 minutes;Large golden-orange lights, two sets of two, like headlights floating in the sky that appeared and disappeared On the evening of February 12th, 2018, I was driving back from my fathers house to my mothers house, a drive I’ve done routinely my entire life.  Once I pulled into the subdivision where my mother lives, I notice two sets of two lights on the horizon, one set higher than the other. Behind my mothers subdivision is nothing but forest, and I have never noticed towers in that direction. The lights were large, with a golden orange appearance, seemingly looking like two sets of vehicle headlights floating over the tree line.  My mothers subdivision is small, and as I drove down the hill towards the lights they disappeared over the crest of the hill. I turned the corner and up another hill to get another vantage point where I could see the lights once again, making sure not to mistake them with street lights. I knew the lights were something in the distance, not something within the subdivision itself. I made my way back to the highest crest of the hill where the su! bdivision starts, and from what I saw, the separation between lights had grown, or moved. I studied them with binoculars for 5 minutes before pulling into my driveway for the night. From my driveway, I could still see the highest sets of lights still hanging low on the horizon. I tried to forget about them, told myself they were just towers I had been missing. 2 hours later I went for a cigarette in my driveway and there were no lights visible, and since then I have yet to see them again. At the far back of my mothers subdivision are two woods paths, both of which I hiked up close to a kilometer in. We had rain two days prior, with temperatures dropping to -20 at night. Both trails were untouched with a thick layer of ice covering the snow, meaning no one had been back there for at least a few weeks. I checked all recent google imagery maps, GeoNB and aerial photography of the area and there is nothing back there, no towers at all. Regards;45.8671325966852;-66.6415679558012
