3 star like objects moving in unison with precision to the north, no change in direction, like small constellation moving fast;2005-06-17 04:40:00;2 minutes;3 star like objects moving in unison with precision to the north, no change in direction, like small constellation moving fast I awoke on June 17 at 4:30 in the morning to get the best view of the stars.  I am an amateur astronomer, but I usually view the sky in the early evening to about midnight. The milky way is just to the west of my house at this time of the morning.  As soon as I stepped onto my upper deck I began to gaze at the sky.  A flash of light is what originally got my attention.  When I focused on the spot just to the west of me,  I noticed three star like lights with the magnitude of about 5 1/2.  They were moving in perfect formation like a large 100 degree triangle pointing in the north to about 5 degrees maybe to the east. They seemed to be following the milky ways direction or they were atleast in that portion of the sky. They did not twinkle or vary from their formation.  They continued in their direction, northwardly, until they were lost in the distance. It took about 1 to 2 minutes for them to pass from almost directly above me to the horizon. I am not usually up at this time, but I know this is a popular time to view satellites and I have never seen one to know the difference between ufos and normal celestial objects that would be moving that way.  Another thing.  I could see stars inside the triangle so it was not one solid object.  It was like watching a small constellation move across the sky.  There was no sound of jets, but I live along side a noisy highway so there was some highway noise.  What made this seem so special was the way they moved with such precision together across the sky.  I think there is a logical explination for this, but would like to know if what I saw was a ufo. I don't know why I saw a flash of light first, or if that has anything to do with the formation.  It could have been a shooting star, but what a coincidence.  I live about 60 miles north of Houston so there is alot of air traffic and they go in that direction the most.  I think I have included everything to the best of my knowledge.  I hope it is relevent.  I am a christian who believes that if God included everything about our universe, the Bible would never end.  He lets us figure some things out for ourselves.  I believe we are the only humans with the ability to have the holy spirit in our hearts, but nature is an awesome thing.  God bless all the scientist and curious people reading this and happy researching. P.S.  On the 15th, two days ago we had a major black out over 10 counties lasting from 7pm to 1am.  I'm sure if there is anything intellegant flying out in space above our atmospere this looked like some kind of signal.  Just a thought.;30.6079;-94.9614
