Chevron-shaped object encountered hovering amid a stormy winter night.;1990-02-15 21:00:00;10 min.;Chevron-shaped object encountered hovering amid a stormy winter night. Presently, I am an Electronic Client Specialist for a national entertainment magazine. At the time of my encounter, though, I was a columnist and editor, so I like to believe that, given my educational background and exposure to the public, I am not one prone to delusions, misinterpretations or any type of need for acclaim. It was a cold winter evening. The bus had just dropped me off near the corner of Guelph Line and Upper Middle Road. Before me lay perhaps two acres of school property that I needed to cross in order to reach home. While walking across the field, partly covered in snow, I noticed a chevron-shaped object silently hovering perhaps 500 feet overhead. Rather than immediately wondering what the object could be, I wondered how anything could hover, since the winds were quite fierce from west to east. Focusing my eyes on the object, I couldn't make out its true shape, given that the object was obscured by the thick snow clouds racing past. Yet a series of red and blue lights along its bottom ran in the shape of a chevron, so I could only assume that the craft was the same shape. I watched the object hover for perhaps a minute, and then it slowly began moving northward while retaining its altitude. I don't know why, but I began running after it, yet it slowly moved away. Pausing just south of Dundas Street and Guelph Line, the object then moved slowly westward before disappearing amid the clouds. Afterward, for all of the running that I'd done in the cold, and for all of the deep gulps of air that I'd taken in my exertions, I came down with a severe cold and had to spend a few days sick in bed. This is the first that I've spoken of the incident since it happened, and I don't know why I waited so long. It's strange, but when something extraordinary is happening, one knows that it's real, but when the event has passed, it's easy to believe that the event never happened. Or perhaps I'm like many in that I am often afraid of ridicule. At any rate, this is my account of something extraordinary th! at happe ned to me, and while I can do little with words to convince anyone of the authenticity of what I experienced, I can rest well in the knowledge that what I've written is the truth, and hope that, in some small way, it will help others or shed light on similar experiences of others. Thanks.;43.3744155893536;-79.8204209125475
