Disk with pulsing red light followed via car until it stopped above a field at close proximity to ground/roadside;2008-01-02 18:30:00;3-5 minutes;Disk with pulsing red light followed via car until it stopped above a field at close proximity to ground/roadside I was heading down on Tremaine Rd towards Dundas at around 6:30pm. I had passed Britannia when I noticed a large red light coming into view from the top of my windshield, travelling in the same direction I was, above the land on the left side of the road. My first thought was that it was moving too fast to be an airplane, and it looked too low to the ground. I slowed my car down and kept switching between watching it and the road in front of me - I was curious enough to want to figure out whether or not it was an airplane or something else. The red light was large and it didn't blink in and out like an airplane - it pulsed, and on each pulse the light grew brighter and larger. It seemed to have stopped in the distance, as the light wasn't receding anymore. I turned my full concentration to driving a few bends in the road ahead and I noticed it started moving again, veering towards the right onto the fields on the side of the road closest to me. While it was turning I thought I could make out a bit of blue light on the side of it. I was trying to keep tabs on it but my view was then blocked by a close tree line. I saw it disappear behind the tree line and thought it had vanished. When the tree line ended, opening onto a long stretch of field, I was amazed to see it hovering above the middle of the field closest to the road, between 50-100 feet off the ground. The red light was still large, I honestly can't remember if it was still pulsing, and I could distinctly make out a strip of rectangular blue lights along the side of it. There was absolutely no noise coming from it, and the shape of it was hard to make out. Other than the lights, the rest of it blended into the night exceptionally well and the surface of it must have been non-reflective. Judging from its distance from the road, whatever it was couldn't have been much larger than a helicopter. It was too small to be a plane, too silent to be a helicopter, and I really don't think it's a military plane. When I was watching it in the field, the car behind me suddenly slowed down enough to make me wonder whether or not they had spotted what I was watching. I kept wondering whether or not I should stop and turn around. In the end, I just kept on driving. The sighting occurred on Tremaine Rd between Brittania Rd W and 2nd Sideroad - the last I saw of the disk it was above the field on the west side of Tremaine between Lower Base Line W and 2nd Sideroad.;43.3744155893536;-79.8204209125475
