Massive array of lights roughly 60 feet in the air pass directly overhead, at low speed, totally silent.;1976-09-01 20:00:00;10 minutes;Massive array of lights roughly 60 feet in the air pass directly overhead, at low speed, totally silent. UFO REPORT Submitted March 19, 2012  Sighting Occurred: 1976.  Burlington Ontario Canada  I was driving home this particular evening in the autumn. It was very dark.  My family at the time lived several miles north of town in the country with very few neighbors.  I was driving north on Appleby Line from Highway 5 (Dundas Highway) at about 60 mph along a straight section of paved road and looked up and to my left (west).  High in the sky I saw what appeared to be a very bright star moving quickly in one direction then stopping and moving in a different direction.  It would pause periodically between movements. It was impossible to tell how far away it was and therefore how large it was or how fast it was moving.  But from my vantage it was a bright light about the size of a dime and would move a foot or 2 in each direction it traveled.  It had the appearance therefore of bouncing around in the sky.  My parents (my father was a doctor and my mother a registered nurse) had each seen similar lights over the years and this was really the first time I had seen one and it was so large and so obvious I was excited to get home (about 1 mile) to get the whole family out to watch it. Some moments later I turned and looked directly to my left.  Over the field that was adjacent to the road was a massive cluster of lights.  Because it was dark I could not really make out the outline of the object, but I thought at the time it could have been about as large as a passenger jet (727 or perhaps larger). It appeared to be over the middle of the field, traveling in a straight line to the North, at about the same speed I was then traveling.  I thought it might have been a helicopter, since there were some high voltage power lines nearby and I thought maybe there was some kind of inspection going on.  I slowed the car to about 10mph and rolled down my window.  There was no sound at all. The object was “gliding” at about 60-80 feet above the ground and was going only a little faster than my car. It could have been a blimp, except there was no engine noise.  I stopped the car completely at this point to watch and listen. The lights were mostly white.  One or two as I recall were blinking (like lights on an aircraft). What stood out however was an array of red lights.  They appeared rectangular, and 2 sets of 3 across, stacked one above the other.  I remember thinking that they looked like so many sets of Thunderbird tail lights which back then were large and rectangular.  There was also a search light scanning the field below and in front of the object.  I had read about UFO sightings before and heard stories related to me by my father as a follower and believer in UFOs so I had heard of sightings like this.  I seriously thought that perhaps the object was looking for a cow to dissect, since it was a cow field (there were no cows that particular night. Lucky cows). I considered stopping the car to get out and watch more closely and perhaps flag it down to communicate with it. I recall reasoning however that a) I might be picked up and never heard from again, b) have a close encounter that no one would ever believe, since there were no other witnesses or c) I would stop and it would keep on going and I would not be able to watch it again.  I opted to drive home (very fast) in order to get my family out to see it, so that I would have corroborating witnesses. I sped home and up the driveway. I ran into the house to get my parents and brother and sister. Apparently I was so excited and agitated that they could not understand what I was trying to tell them. I ran back out onto the front yard and stood there as this massive array of lights and shadowy form glided over our front yard in total silence. By the time my parents came out to see what I had been yelling about it was a mile or more away and only about the size of a quarter in the distance. My dad had me draw what I recall it looking like immediately afterward. My heart was racing. It took me hours to calm down. Several days later there was a story in the local paper about a lady who had a sighting and it was accompanied by a drawing that was very similar to mine. I have had many years to contemplate this “sighting” and a number of questions/issues arise. I have also done a great amount of reading and study on cosmology and physics over the years since then:  have always concluded that the lights over the field were the same lights of whatever it was originally up in the sky.  It could be that they were 2 separate objects. If this object was from a superior intellectual species (either extraterrestrial, other dimensional or from years in the future) and they had the ability to design a craft that could apparently defy gravity, move without engine noise, move at incredible rates of speed, etc….. why would it have lights?   Especially blinking warning lights!  Who are they attempting to warn? Would it not be within their technology to fly around without lights?  This makes no sense. -	Were they looking for a cow??  With a search light? Again, certainly they could locate an animal with something other than a bright light, especially since they would be drawing attention to themselves in the process. -	Don’t they care about being seen?  Why not have NO lights?   It would appear that the lights are on purpose… that is, they WANT to be seen. -	Since the nearest stars and planets are many light years away, it seems unlikely that these objects are from those (unless there is a worm hole or a crinkle in the space-time fabric that allows it to happen).  In short, traveling that far as fast as they would have to go, by the time they got here from there and back, so much time would have elapsed on their own planet that the trip itself would be moot. -	My guess is that it is more likely that they are either from another dimension (the existence of which is pretty well accepted among physicists) or from a different time (either the future moving back to our time or perhaps a past time moving forward into ours) and perhaps from within our solar system (Mars from a billion years ago perhaps).  Current physical theory postulates that ALL time past present and future exist concurrently.  So it is not inconceivable that one could move from one era to another without the so called grandfather (time) paradox.  In the alternative, where moving backward in time could create such a paradox, moving into the future would not have the same effect.  So it could be that these objects were created WAY in the distant past and moving into their future (our present).;43.3744155893536;-79.8204209125475
Odd phenomenon green light in sky that caused the power to distort and then fail.;2013-04-16 02:00:00;45 seconds;Odd phenomenon green light in sky that caused the power to distort and then fail I awoke this morning at 2am to some strange static noise coming from the bedroom's intercom, and other strange &quotelectricity&quot-sounding noises. Immediately out the window from in bed I saw a greenish flickering dim light, which would have seemed as if it were coming from the outside pot lights, if this section of the house had them. I couldn't see the sky. Then, all of a sudden it stopped. I got up with my flashlight to check the house and see if the alarm was still set, and brother and mom had also been awoken and met in the living room.  Brother said he saw the sky and it looked something like Aurora Borealis.  The even must have lasted only 60 seconds or less, and it put the power out for an instant.  Fifteen minutes later, there were numerous emergency vehicles responding high priority to something up the road from us. I thought I might find some reference to the short-lived event online, but I haven't had any luck.;43.3744155893536;-79.8204209125475
