Bright ball of light, split into two balls of lights, then rejoined itself, changed color and shape repeatedly;1997-05-19 00:20:00;15 + minutes;Bright ball of light, split into two balls of lights, then rejoined itself, changed color and shape repeatedly First, please note that the object reappeared the next morning, too, at 12:39 AM.  I have video documentation of both sightings.  I was breast feeding my 4 month old daughter, sitting in a chair facing our large picture window, (north) there were no lights on in the house.  I noticed A strange ball of light suspended in the sky. (We lived in the country, no neighbors or city lights for many, many, many miles). As I stared into the sky I saw the object change from one large bright white ball of light into two balls of light.  The lights changed in size, density and color, from bright white into a pinkish/orange hue that would become opaque, over and over and over.  The objects rejoined and it began to move in a jerky, zig zag motion, then it stopped and hovered, over and over it did this. I kept telling myself that I was seeing things... and, that my eyes were doing this. I grabbed the video recorder and began filming.  During the six minutes of filming the other or another object amazingly bright and oblong shaped streaked across the sky right above the object I was filming, it was not a falling star, either! It was un-nerving and scared me terribly. So I quickly picked up my baby and ran into my bedroom!  After putting my baby in her layette, I layed down in bed, a minute later I decided that I needed to view the tape I just shot, I think to prove to myself I just what I saw!  Well, it wasn't my eyes playing tricks on me...there it all was on tape, but this part of the tape, where I filmed the objects were full of static.  (We had filmed in total darkness before and never had static in the film. So I did another dark sky test and taped the night sky in the back yard. The playback on this contained no static which  makes me believe that the object created the static).  It should also be noted that my 7 yr. old dog, Sassie, 1/2 wolf 1/2 german shepard, was with me the entire time this was going on. She became very agitated and nervous, panting and drooling.  (the only time she ever acted close to this was 15 minutes before a hot air balloon came into our view--her senses could pick them up miles away--and her behavior was never as amplified as it was with the UFO).  After all this happened, including the sighting the following morning, 05/20/03. (that sightings explanation will follow herein), Sassie would not leave my side, she was afraid and could no longer be left in the house alone because she would try to get out, by chewing, digging or whatever.  The next morning I left for a quick run to the local party store, I was gone maybe 20 minutes, during that time frame Sassie had dug all of the flooring away from our sliding glass door, my refrigerator which was next to the slider, was moved out from the wall on an angle and the vertical blinds were in shreds. Her front paws were a bloody mess!  I left her one other time after this and Sassie had chewed all of the trim from around a window, chewed the wood around one of the panes of glass, and broke through glass jumping out of the window. She was shaking in the yard when I returned from that brief errand.  That is when I truly put two and two together so to speak, connecting the sightings with her change in personality a once easy going, relaxed, confident dog,was screwed fearful of being left alone in the house, something we had done with her for 7 years without incident prior!  It broke my heart because she was never the same after all of this.  Well, breastfed babies are pretty consistent in their feeding times, so the following morning at 12:15 AM, I again, was sitting in the living room chair looking out of the picture window breast feeding my baby.  Sassy, my dog, began pacing the room, panting and drooling, she was whining and nervous, and I could not calm her.  At 12:29 AM, to my amazement, the object from the night before reappeared in the sky.  (I know now that my dog, Sassy knew it was coming, even though we couldn't see it yet). I grabbed my video recorder right away and ran outside and started filming.  Again, this will sound strange, I know, but, I truly felt that the object knew I was filming because it started performing for me.  This night it would change it's shape from a large, bright ball of white light into a small ball of bright light, and, again, it would change in color from bright white to pinkish/orange.  After a four minutes of filming, and, this is going to sound really wierd, all of a sudden there seemed to be an darkish shadowey type of eye looking back into my eye that was on the video camera's eye piece! I felt like the object was coming closer and closer to me,too, I got very afraid and ran back into the house and to my bedroom.  I stayed there the rest of the night.  Both of these nights there were no clouds whatsoever in the sky.  These objects appeared over hundreds and hundreds of acres of nothing but farm land.  The only thing out that way is a unmaned powering station owned by Consumer's Energy Company.  I found a video expert who made 2 copies of my video for me, which I have placed in other secure locations, as well as made me photos of several video frames that he froze.  After seeing the object two consecutive nights like I did, I rearranged my living room and never looked out into the sky that way again...I was too scared to even look into the night sky for months after this for fear that I would see it again.  Please know that I have filmed the area of the sighting during broad daylight, too, and retained copies of the weather reports for those days of the sighting.  I would be happy to forward a copy of my tape, a map of the area and copies of my photos if it's desired.  Thank you for time and if you have any insight or explanations to what I saw, it would be appreciated.  Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We will contact the witness and request a copy of the tape.  PD));42.2684379198712;-85.612441197897
((HOAX??))  A white circular light changed into an oval and was traveling very fast..;2008-02-14 05:32:00;1 second;A white circular light changed into an oval and was traveling very fast.. I was awake at 5:32 AM because I couldn’t sleep and I was staring out of my bedroom window looking at the sky. I remember thinking about half an hour before this happened that I should stop staring at the sky because I never see anything anymore (I hadn’t had a sighting since June of ’07, and they used to be relatively frequent).  As I was staring out the window I saw this white ball of light that didn’t leave a streak in the sky nor in my vision like an ordinary light would, and it didn’t make a sound. It looked sort of like an opaque circular light bulb in the sky. As I watched, it seemed to stretch out and turn into a long oval before it disappeared from my vision (it went behind the trees and I couldn’t see it anymore). This all happened literally in a second, it was moving very fast. I really can’t tell how big it was because it was moving so quickly, but I think it was just slightly smaller, if not the same size, as the moon. It was moving from South to North. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax.  One of several reports from the same source, and they seem to us only marginally credible.  We may be wrong.  Source describes herself as a college student.  PD));42.2684379198712;-85.612441197897
