Red light observed hovering over Kalamazoo.;2017-06-08 21:50:00;10 minutes;Red light observed hovering over Kalamazoo. As I was looking at the sky to the south, I observed a red light, with a flashing green or blue light, traveling from the south and heading northward.   At first, I thought it could be an airplane, but the red light was too large and bright.  It traveled in a straight line and stopped for a few seconds and remained stationary.  It then moved west a few degrees, before continuing on the original trajectory northward.  It then stopped again and remained stationary for about 10 minutes.  This location was around 15 degrees to the east of the planet, Jupiter.   This was a partly cloudy night and the object was below the cloud ceiling as it was never obscured by the clouds.  I tried observing through binoculars but was too jerky to get a clear sighting.  It did, however, appear to be 2 red light with blinking blue or green lights through the binoculars.  There was no sound at all.  It then started to move slowly back south, would stop for a while, then proceed.   It seemed to pick up speed, as it traveled south out of view.;42.2684379198712;-85.612441197897
4 lights spinning over the street in front of my house.  ((anonymous report));2019-08-14 01:14:00;A few hours;4 lights spinning over the street in front of my house I just got home from my job at McDonalds around 11:00pm, a few hours of me playing video games my mom called me outside to the front porch and asked me if I see those lights, I tell her yeah.  My mom proceeds to ask me what do you think they are?  I say honestly there's no big buildings around so they're not lights for planes to see, no one owns any lights strong enough to shoot into the sky, at least not without a beam of light shooting from the ground.   I then said and there's no new things opening, so they aren't ad lights,  I then said well I can't see the shape because its ehind the clounds but i could see the lights. I think it was a spinning stiangle.  I say this because there were 3 cirles next to each other like this ooo then there was one underneath that, and it was spinning as well so like this.   o This thing had to be at least 200ft wide because the rotation of the lights went from up 2 streets down in front of my house to all the way up my street, the lights stayed there for some time until i got tired and went back inside.  I tried to record it but my phone didn't pick up the faint light because of the clouds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.2684379198712;-85.612441197897
Strange Orange/Yellow Lights Sequential Aircraft North East Kalamazoo;2020-11-08 18:05:00;10;Strange Orange/Yellow Lights Sequential Aircraft North East Kalamazoo 1.	I turned south on Sprinkle road at E. H Ave.  While driving south of E. H Ave. I noticed several aircraft, ( more than 3 less than 10)  5-8? These aircraft had orange/yellow “landing lights?” Oriented East to West or Southeast to Northwest. The aircraft were spaced and sequenced uniformly some distance apart but uniform in appearance.  2.	My original thought was that Chicago MDW or ORD was backed up with arrivals and something out of the ordinary was happening with air traffic flows.  This was definitely not a normal aircraft operation for this area.  A scene to expect on a busy arrival time into a major airport but usually would not expect such traffic on a Sunday evening/night in the AZO area.  3.	As I drove South on Sprinkle Rd, the aircraft seemed lower and closer than first perceived. Too low to be traveling to MDW/ORD/GRR, and maybe too high and too many to be landing at AZO.  Again, not a normal aircraft operation.  4.	As I was driving south on Sprinkle I could not discern if the aircraft were actually moving.  I was moving and had no stable reference to tell if the aircrafts were actually traveling, but I did assume so.  5.	The orange/yellow “landing lights” were dominant.  I believe I saw strobe/blinking white lights but was unsure if I saw green or red nav lights.  The orange/yellow “landing lights” were about the same color as the street lamps, which seem a bit off knowing that most aircraft have a more white/yellow appearance.   The weather was clear VFR, scattering of light etc would not be a factor in my opinion.  6.	I was curious and this was strange enough that I decided to turn around to get a better view and understand what kind of aircraft they were.   I turned right (West) on E. Main St. and then turned around, Turned left (North/Northwest) again on Sprinkle.  7.	Traveling North on Sprinkle Rd, I did not see the original 5-8 aircraft again, assuming that they moved out of line of sight.  I did see one aircraft of the same type description to the East of me and above me, as I traveled North. I would estimate between 5-7 miles away? Not exactly sure.  However my view was hindered and I lost sight of the aircraft.  8.	I decided to make a U-turn on Sprinkle Rd.  There was no other vehicle traffic at that moment.  I turned around to head South again on Sprinkle Rd.  I quickly acquired the aircraft to the east visually, and I pulled off to the right on the shoulder.  Facing South on Sprinkle Rd.  I had my headlights on and turned my emergency flashers on as there was now a line of Southbound vehicle traffic.  9.	I rolled down my driver-side window to listen for helicopter blades or maybe UAV blades/ noise. The aircraft did not appear to be moving at any significant rate across the ground. The Southbound vehicle traffic obscured sounds. I did not hear or perceive any aircraft noise. I observed the aircraft for perhaps 1-2 mins.  10.	After 1-2 mins the aircraft lights were turned off and completely disappeared.  I did not see the aircraft turn away, there were no position lights, I did not see or hear any aircraft.  11.	I waited and observed the area of the sky for a couple more minutes, thinking that the aircraft may turn its lights back on.  12.	As I was watching the area, I noticed a small black motion blur quite close just to the east of and across Sprinkle Rd. Perhaps 50-100 yards east of Sprinkle Rd. There was a tree line.  At first I thought it was just a misperception, but as I kept looking in that direction, I noticed a parachute .  13.	This observation was at my 9 oclock, position or nearly 90 degrees from my driver-side window.  14.	The parachute was not a steerable type, It was a round ‘drifter’ type.  It also appeared to be too small to support a human jump. Something that supported a small payload.  I did not see the payload  15.	At that time I was confused and scared. Seeing a small parachute falling when and where it did, just did not compute for me.  I had no idea what it was carrying etc.  16.	I decided to quickly get the heck out of there and continued to drive South on Sprinkle with no further observations of aircraft or other aircraft or anomalies.   Although a strange encounter,  It is very likely that this was some sort of explainable event.  Perhaps the military or National Guard etc, were performing maneuvers? I find it likely that the aircraft were perhaps helicopters.  I do know that these aircraft were not like any police or search helicopters with search lights,  I have witnessed those aircraft before and this bears no resemblance.  I just want to put this event on record to perhaps be investigated and explained.  I am a professional pilot with vast experience in aviation.   I have no agenda, I am by nature a skeptic, and if I were to guess this is an explainable event but thought it out of the ordinary. But, by definition, it was a Un-identified Flying Objects event for me.  Thank-you for reading and taking this report into account.;42.2684379198712;-85.612441197897
