2 witness UFO sighting on highway 12, just west of Morton, WA... felt observed... light which emitted fog or smoke...;2003-03-23 03:50:00;3 seconds;2 witness UFO sighting on highway 12, just west of Morton, WA... felt observed... light which emitted fog or smoke... I was driving eastbound on highway 12 near Morton, WA at 3:50 am with my boyfriend on a trip to Idaho. I saw a bright object appear out the corner of my eye, and it was not the moon, but it was about one half that size.  It looked like a cloud of smoke with white light shining from within it.  The lights and smoke moved around, constantly shifting its shape.  The object held its position high in the eastern sky for approximately 1-2 seconds.  It quickly moved to the south a short distance, stopped and changed course several times before flying west at a incredible speed. I am a 20-year-old server at a restaraunt and he is a  college educated 31-year-old construction worker. In my opinion, the object was watching us.  When the object noticed we were watching it,it spastically moved and flew away into the night sky. This object/light was not a reflection of light on the cloud, like a beacon.  It was coming from within or behind the cloud. The incident lasted approximately 3-4 seconds. We did not talk about this until we returned from our trip three days later.;46.5581;-122.2496
An electric blue pulsating sphere held its position at high noon to observe our car and then did a spastic series of turns and flew off;2003-03-23 03:50:00;3 seconds;An electric blue pulsating sphere held its position at high noon to observe our car and then did a spastic series of turns and flew off I was traveling with a friend eastbound on highway 12 just west of Morton, WA.  We were driving From Longview, WA to Sandpoint, ID on a snowboard trip and I was the passenger in the car.  I noticed a blurry blue/white object holding a position at high noon (high in the eastern sky).  I assume it had moved into that position rapidly, as I was startled into staring skyward suddenly.  I moved my head up and down and side to side rapidly to make sure that I was not seeing a reflection on the inside of the car's windshield.  I became startled and awed as the the object, a slightly pulsating butterfly/sphere held it's position for approximately 1.5 seconds. The driver, noticing my head movements, looked skyward at the object and said, Do you see that?  I resonded, Yes.  The objects size appeared to be massive.  It was about one-half the size of the moon.  It was behind a whispy cloud, and an electric blue light was visibly pulsating, much like the model atom I have seen with two electrons rapidly rotating around the nucleus.  The object appeared to be creating its own black cloud to shield the light I was seeing. I was deeply awed and scared at this point. The object spastically moved five degrees to the south, then northeast, then up to create a tight triangle type movement.  It then shaked spastically once again and flew away rapidly directly (west) over our heads.  I have never seen anything move like that.  I assume it should be impossible. I felt a keen sense that this object was observing me as I observed it. The moment I panicked and my heart jumped into my throat, was the same moment the object spastically moved and flew away. In order for that object, which moved away rapidly later, to hold its position it is safe to assume it was observing our car.  It was the only thing visibly moving at 3:50 am on a country highway. Both the driver and I have never witnessed anything like this object, ever.  She is 20 years old, a waitress, who graduated high school and I am 31 years old, an environmental construction foreman/heavy machine operator with a BA in English Lit. from the University of Washington. Both of us felt that the object was observing us. Both of us were very scared. The whole thing only lasted about 3 seconds. We did not speak again of this sighting until approximately 60 hours later, when telling my girlfriend's mother about our trip.  I suddenly just remembered.  This may be significant to somebody.;46.5581;-122.2496
