Green ball of light hovering over Colorado River in Laughlin NV;2008-07-05 00:00:00;4 sec's;Green ball of light hovering over Colorado River in Laughlin NV Me 43, and my  girlfriends daughter 15, were standing by the railing overlooking the Colorado River in front of the Riverside Casino in Laughlin Nevada at approximately 00:00 Tuesday morning 7/5/08. A perfectly round emerald green ball about golf ball  diameter flew up the river about 5 feet off the water. It then stopped, changed direction and zig zagged back and forth then hovered and flew off at a 45 degree angle. I asked her if she saw it and she said yes, it looked like it was Tinkerbelle. I then looked around to see if there were any lasers around but then thought to myself that a laser travels until it hits something. This ball of bright light looked like something out of a movie like MIB or something. It kind of flew like a firefly. It was very bright green. It was silent. I never saw it again that evening. I don’t believe in UFO’s. Just wanted to report it for some answers maybe.  Thanks.;35.134;-114.641
Orange round glowing balls moving quickly up from behind hill or mountain no trees desert terrain flew quickly zigging and zagging then;2015-01-17 18:30:00;Several minutes;Orange round glowing balls moving quickly up from behind hill or mountain no trees desert terrain flew quickly zigging and zagging then up and gone behind us as we drove into town.   Definitely not airplanes.   Moved northwest of Laughlin, NV.   We were pulling out into the Needles Nighway from Desert Marina Road turning right heading to the Tropicanna when we saw these lights/or glowing orange balls.  I didn't get a picture of it but is was very strange.   I looked to see if there was any mention of it in paper that would explain what the lights were but I could not find anything.  Certainly more people would have seen the lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  The witness might have seen something in the news media, if he/she had contacted them, to let them know about the event.  PD));35.134;-114.641
