JUST PREVIOUSLY MADE A LATER REPORT, THINK I SHOULD INCLUDE THISN EARLIER ONE ON SAME DAY.  STANDING OUTSIDE ONPROMINADE WALK WAY OUT S;1999-02-27 14:30:00;3 MINUTES;JUST PREVIOUSLY MADE A LATER REPORT, THINK I SHOULD INCLUDE THIS EARLIER ONE ON SAME DAY.   STANDING OUTSIDE ON PROMINADE WALK WAY OUT SIDE OF HOTEL UFO CONFERENCE NOTED A SMall group of people to my right.  many of whom were pointing up at the sun.  Looking up in the same direction saw a light and dark object hanging near it, perhaps in front of and also just south of it.  Don't know if they were same or seperate.    It resembled a moon probe I once saw in a maganize many years ago. Having legs, at least two.  It was dark in the center and light arround its edges. Was rentesent (reticent) about making these reports because their were so many others, including peter Davenport viewing these.  It occured to me he and many others may have not seen this one.   Obviously, many of us saw the 9:30 pm siteing which was much clearer.  None the less consider that it too may be importent for study.;35.134;-114.641
8 to 9 individual craft in a chevron formation that broke briefly into 2 individual rotating circles then reverted back to the chevron.;2000-09-16 22:00:00;40 - 60 seconds;8 to 9 individual craft in a chevron formation that broke briefly into 2 individual rotating circles then reverted back to the chevron. My mother and I were walking on the riverwalk from the Flamingo Hilton to the Riverside.  We stopped about halfway and I looked up and spotted faint lites traveling from north to south. Spotted them as they  approached the Colorado River from the Bullhead side.  There were about 8 or 9 of them in a chevron formation. Then from the Chevron formation they formed 2 separate circles and still moved at the same steady - fast speed. The individual craft (I'm assuming) rotated around into circles for about 10 seconds then quickly reverted back to the chevron formation.  I told my mother to look at it and she saw it at the moment that they were moving back into the Chevron formation.   I would say that they were flying at a higher altitude than jets and it took them only about 40 to 60 seconds to leave our line of sight.  The reflection of the almost-full moon made them easy to spot, but faint. ((NUFORC Note:  I, together with Dr. Roger Leir, Peter Gersten, Mr. Terry Burris, and many others,  were personal witness to a similar event over Laughlin, NV, on Saturday, February 27, 1999.  In addition, however, there are many migratory birds over the same area, which is the cause of many sightings from this area.  We do not know what the witnesses observed on that night, but the fact that the objects apparently formed a circle seems to us to militate against migratory birds.  PD));35.134;-114.641
