Laughlin, Nev   2004 sighting of bomerange of multiple round shapes reflecting lights from River Palm Hotel;2004-05-05 19:00:00;3 minutes;Laughlin, Nev   2004 sighting of bomerange of multiple round shapes reflecting lights from River Palm Hotel at first observation it almost appeared to be almost like about 8 extremely large round shaped almost like a bunch of balloons on each side as though they were each attached to one another. This was right over the river as we stood by the River Palm hotel, a very public type area. The Lights from the Hotel went straight up into the sky and the object went straight over head. We even thought at first perhaps it had been a flock of geese but could not have been as we heard no noise of any kind. Every time we go back to Laughlin we go the River Palm Hotel same spot and same time Dusk and look up. This has helped as we realized it was much much bigger than anything like geese because it was about the same height in the sky as the helicopters that were flying earlier. Also we noted that each round or balloon shape was nearly the size of one copter or a small VW volkswagon beetle bug or nearly as big. They looked like they were stringed together, I say that because they weren't exact as they were in a V shape and as I said about 8 on each side. It seemed to me that one side seemed to move or some on one side seemed to move. My husband the other witness didn't notice that. As we stared nearly straight up the colors seem to be almost opal or of many reflecting colors as if it were reflecting the colors which would make sense since the lights were so bright from the hotel. We could see it disappear into the clouds, gradually disappearing, also it seem to be going some what slow. Naturally no one else was around towards the other end towards other end of river nearer the Flamingo Hotel there are more people. Naturally at that time I didn't have a cell phone with camera nor a digital camera. It was just to 2 of us. I keep better records but had the info lost in my old email enfo so I am not exact on the month as a matter of fact it was somewhere between  months and 26 months ago. We could ck our records perhaps our credit card to find when we stayed at the River Palm. I have asked and even notified the airport tower of course I waited a year to do so but they said they saw nothing. I can't believe no one else saw this because it was so hudge. To small to be geese, dismissed the idea of weather balloons because of direction and way it move. It was formed line a bomerange of round alluminating light like colors. Not having lights but reflecting light. I would say it was dusk between 6pm and 7:30 pm somewhere between April 2004 and June 2004  or Sept. 2004 and Oct. 2004 ( possibly even 4/2005-6/2005 but I believe it was longer ago than that)WE avoid the place when it gets really hot or really cold. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.134;-114.641
Unusual daylight sighting at Laughlin Nevada during the Ufo Congress;2006-03-02 15:30:00;2 minutes;Unusual daylight sighting at Laughlin Nevada during the Ufo Congress Strange enough - during our stay at Laughlin for the international Ufo Congress at the Flamingo Resort/convention center this month - we went out in the car to a shopping centre to get our laundry washed. On our way back, we were a little late for the next Speech, we saw a very unusual white craft, hovering right above the main street Casino Drive and in front of the hotel to the right, don't know which one it was, maybe on a level with the 10th floor of this hotel, kinda very low, too low for a plane, and we could watch it slowly flying off south, above and along the street and colorado river. We would describe the shape like too balls attached to each other but on top it was cut off, like two flattened balls attached underneath to an even surface. No wings, no lights, no sound. It was daylight and sunny and we stood at the traffic light right next to the hotel and not far away from that thing.;35.134;-114.641
Rotating Rounded Octogon sighted Independence day;2006-07-04 14:00:00;4min;Rotating Rounded Octogon sighted Independence day We were staying on the 23rd Floor of the River Palms Hotel. I was facing east with my son in front of the window. When I noticed something flying by the window. I had a set of binoculars from sight seeing on the table so I grabbed them and view the object. It was flying at Approx 50-60 miles per hour. It was a rounded Octagon in shape with what looked like some sort of raised ribs that had the shape of a Turbo Charger Impeller. It was Rotating around and was colored with what looked like Polished Aluminum or Chrome and Black Anodized Aluminum. After using other items in the area as a guide, I would approx it to be 50-75ft across. We viewed the object head Northward and gained altitude. We started viewing the item when it was at our eye level. It appeared on the Arizona side of the Colorado River Approx 1 mile East of the Bullhead city Airport. It was viewed by myself and my 11year old son. I was in the Airforce and have a good knowledge of Aircraft. I have never seen this item ever before. The sky was clear, my view was unobstructed and my Binoculars are good quality. I also noticed a private jet leave the airport heading the same direction approx 1-2min after seeing the object. We were about 1 mile below davis dam;35.134;-114.641
Hello, The UFO Aircraft appeared after I saw 2 Meteorites travel parallel from west to east at 12 o'clock high. The UFO traveled North;2016-12-18 02:00:00;1 minute;Hello, The UFO Aircraft appeared after I saw 2 Meteorites travel parallel from west to east at 12 o'clock high.  The UFO traveled North at high speed leaving a con trail.  The aircraft was shaped like a Flying Wing from the 50's except the wings were shaped like Falcon wings and craft was Ruby colored.  I watched until it went behind a cloud.  I would like to know if anyone has ever seen a UFO like this.  Thanks, ((name deleted));35.134;-114.641
