While waiting for grandpa to return from gas station, I observed a circular craft with an elongated oval ring, emmitting small lights t;1984-04-15 15:00:00;My viewing lasted apprx. ;While waiting for grandpa to return from gas station, I observed a circular craft with an elongated oval ring, emmitting small lights to the ground.  As one stream of twinkling lights fell to the ground, another stream of lights rose from the ground to the craft Because the incident happened so long ago, and I was at such a young, I don't remember exactly where the event took place or on what date.  However, as I remember it, I was traveling on a 2-lane highway with my grandpa and older cousin.  While driving towards Elizabethtown KY my grandpa pulled off into a roadside gas station to pick up some snacks.  As he exited the van, I was sitting in the back seat reading a book.  Seconds after he entered the store my cousin who was sitting in the front seat (he was around 13 at the time?) began to yell and point frantically.  I climbed to the front seat to see what he was doing.  He was screaming Look, Look!  As I looked to the horizon across a corn field I saw a rather large object in the sky.  (As soon as I can draw a decent diagram, I will send it in.)  As I looked to the (East?) I saw a round, circular object in the sky that looked white in contrast with the sky.  Around the center of the object was an oblong oval shaped disc.  It looked like a big belt all the way around it.  Within the belt there were approximately four circles of light.  These circles were glowing red, green, and purple, and seemed to be alternating color schemes.  I would estimate that the object was around 200-250 yards away, and was located in the horizon where the corn field, and woods seemed to meet in the distance.  While watching the object, I remember being almost hypnotized by it I had never seen anyting like it.  In fact at that time, I a positive that I did not know what an alien or a UFO was.  The craft just hovered the where the woods and corn met.  As it hovered it was emitting small twinkling lights down to the ground.  As one line of lights went to the ground, there was a second line of lights that traveled upwards into the craft. The whole time this was happening, my cousin was screaming and yelling.  After about a minute of observation, I snapped out of my fixation and asked him what it was.  He replied That's a UFO!  It has some aliens onboard who are probably going to kill off everyone and destroy the earth!  They are going to blow everyhting up!  Being 7-8 years old, I was pretty impressionable so naturally I believed him. As my grandfather came back to the van with food and drinks, I went to the back seat and cried, all the way to Elizabethtown where we were to visit my great-grandma.  My grandpa asked what was wrong with me but I didn't answer him.  Actually, I did not stop crying until the next morning when I realized that we were not all dead.  As I recall, my cousin and I did not talk to anyone until the next day.  I only bring this up because it really illustrates how absolutely terrified I was with the experience.  I thought for a while that my cousin was just trying to scare me, but he was genuiley terrified also. I am now 22 years old, and about to graduate from college with a degree in Law Enforcement.  To this day I have never seen any object even remotely close to this.  I haven't seen or talked to my cousin, who was present since I was around 10-11.  We had never talked about at all outside of the gas station parking lot.  Actually, I believe he is in prison now.  My grandpa does not remember my strange behaviors that day but there are a lot of things that my grandpa does not remember. I am hoping that someone out there can validate this story, or have seen something similar.  I am very eager to talk to anyone about this, including investigators, or even go under hypnosis to possibly recount the incident in more detail.;37.6875224137931;-85.8743655172416
Silver disk shaped object;2000-04-01 16:00:00;20 seconds;Silver disk shaped object While traveling south on Sportsman Lake road i noticed a silver disk southwest towards the Hodgenville, Buffalo area. I thought it was a reflection of a grain silo, until it moved and disappeared on the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although witness does not indicate that fact.  Witness identifies self as a public employee, who may have considerable experience as a commercial pilot.  We note the date.  PD));37.6875224137931;-85.8743655172416
Several lights appear over Elizabethtown, KY.;2006-09-03 22:00:00;2 hours;Several lights appear over Elizabethtown, KY. We were sitting outside late at night when we saw in the north-western sky, just over the tops of the trees what looked like airplane lights.  These lights were stationary.  We got out our video camera and zoomed in on it.  We could not only see one light (flashing), but we saw two separate disc type shapes very close together in the sky.  At first glance it looked like headlights on a car in the sky.  They (the lights) appeared to be spinning.  The two disc shapes had red and green lights which blinked in a radom pattern.  Below the two disc shapes a very small solid color green or blue light would appear and go toward the discs and back. We live within 20 miles of Fort Knox.  We got into our car to drive closer to it.  We drove from Elizabethtown North toward Radcliff.  As we would appear to be getting closer to the objects, they then would move.  We turned and went in West toward Vine Grove.  These objects were moving now rapidly.  By the time we arrived in Vine Grove, keeping the objects in sight the entire time, they just disappeared. In an effort to get closer, no matter how far we would drive it would just stay about the same distance from us.  We drove back to Elizabethtown talking in the car about what we saw.  Too bad we could not get closer to get a better video. As we were one block from home, just over the tops of some one story houses, the object we had been chasing for 2 hours, appeared to our left, VERY CLOSE.  The lights appeared to be less than 100 feet from our vehicle.  My wife grabbed the video camera.  As we prepared to stop, one light disapeared, then the second one disappear in less than a second.   We were on the side of the road looking into a black sky.  There was nothing.  The night was very clear and we had with us three other people who saw the same thing. We never heard any noise with the lights.;37.6875224137931;-85.8743655172416
UFO's over Kentucky Seen EVERY clear night, all night between 1 and 7 at a time.;2006-11-22 01:00:00;All night;UFO's over Kentucky Seen EVERY clear night, all night between 1 and 7 at a time. I have seen flying disks over KY, up close on two occasions, for many years.  But thats not what im writting about. Any clear night where I live I see three or more in the sky that remain all night in a pattern that mimicks the moving stars. They give off a distant but brilliant light that pulses at different colors and gets brighter before and as it moves.  It moves slightly as to stay in its general pattern area and performs manuvers that are both amazing and beautiful.   Problem is , no one seems at all interested in these lights. They are there all the time in a huge grid pattern. Well. feel free to contact for questions and or publish this e-mail if you wish.;37.6875224137931;-85.8743655172416
