The craft was about 200 feet in the air above the field and an adjacent house.;1995-11-20 02:00:00;2 minutes;This was a Saturday night when I was quite a bit younger.  My father, mother, and I had just gotten home about 1:00 am from an auction.  My parents went to bed and I stayed up to watch TV.  I noticed a bright light outside our front door.  I went to the door and looked out expecting to see a patrol car making rounds, or something to that nature.   What I saw was absolutely amazing.  I will try to be as precise as possible.  The craft was about 200 feet in the air above the field and an adjacent house.   The shape was circular and rotating.  I immediately called my mother in to see the object.  She was speechless.  There was no noise.  There were several lights, however, it was more of an ambient light that what you would expect from a flying craft.  It was not the beam lights from any sort of spotlight.  The craft was at least the size of a football field and was not completely smooth.  There appeared to be several points on the underbelly and even one that lo! oked like a platform.   As we observed it rotating, we called for my dad.  The rear, or what I assume was the rear, came into view as we called for him.  It was different from the rest of the craft.  It was square shaped, and had three large white lights that changed to red.  At that point my mother and I both turned to yell at my dad again.  When we turned back, it was gone.  Just 1-2 seconds that we turned away it disappeared.   I can remember this encounter like it was yesterday.  My mother and I still talk about it behind closed doors.   I had to share this to help ease my mind and see if anyone else has seen something similar. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that date of event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Saturday night would have fallen on the 26th of August.  Please see the reports from the northeastern U. S. for the early morning of Friday, August 25, 1995.  PD));37.6875224137931;-85.8743655172416
