An orange and white disc stopped and hoverd about 3 or 4 minutes near my backyard.;2000-10-04 18:10:00;1or 2mins;((NUFORC Note:  We have requested more information about the alleged sighting, and a copy of the photograph.  We will recommend to the witness that he attempt to locate other witnesses in his neighborhood.  PD)) An orange and white disc stopped and hoverd about 3 or 4 minutes near my backyard. I was out in the back yard grilling a steak. I saw an orange white light basically shoot down and across the sky and stop dead a hundred or so feet away about 30 to 50 feet above the ground. Well, I have to tell you it was pretty damn startling to say the least. It just kinda hoverd there then would wobble a little and move sideways then hover again. The first thing I thought was did anyone else see this but near as I could tell my nieghbors were all indoors and I was the only one there since I live alone. I really didnt want to move but i thought I gotta get a picture of this. I ran inside and started to grab my polaroid but it was out of film so I had to settle for my digital instead. Its flash is broke but its all I had so I tried anyways. When I got back outside it had apparently move some more and was a bit lower to the ground but not much. I was kinda scared to get any closer so I just snapped a couple pictures right where I was. One of them came out ok I guess so thats the one Im sending. It looked as though it was domed or kinda like a half a donut with some  smaller dome with a point on top of it. It had what looked like smaller lights all the way around it. There wasnt any noise really but it seemed like I heard a very low hum but Im not sure if that was this thing or something from the traffic down the road or not. The lights on it would kinda alternate between yellowish and orange to white now and then. It seemed like it would always wobble before it moved also. It would wobble then shift to the side. When the lights on it were mostly white it looked like it was shiny on the outside like silver or a shiny grey color. I tried to watch it every second it was sitting there doing this stuff. I just couldnt figure out what in the world this thing was. I was going to try getting more pictures of it and started to reset the camera but Im telling you this thing all of a sudden shot straight up! I mean like a rocket except it was like one second it was sitting still and the next it was moving at top! speed o r something. Either the lights on it went out or it just dissapeard becuase I lost sight of it almost immediatly after it went up. Im not really sure what else to put here so I guess this it. Its taken me awhile to convince myself to send this to someone but since I would really like to know just what this was I guess I have no choice. I showed a few friends this pic but I havent really told them the whole story. They thought the pic was neat but were more interested in making jokes when I asked them what they thought it looked like to them. Maybe someone else saw the same thing? At least thats what I am hoping. Right now I am not even sure I want to get more involved in this than I am so if I could stay anaonymous for the time being that would be great. I will leave my email address so you can contact me if you need to. Ill try to help out if I can so let me know what else there is if you need it .;39.1269;-76.698
unknown object drifts over roof line then disappears;2010-02-21 00:00:00;2 minutes;unknown object drifts over roof line then disappears circular object with several bright white lights, two red at middle part silently glided just above roof line of townhome community. i watched it just drift then disappeared.  eyeline distance 30-40ft away from my upstairs bedroom window. lights were very bright and was completely silent. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.1269;-76.698
