2 Blinking lights circle and hover over Maryland;2002-07-31 23:10:00;30 minutes;2 Blinking lights circle and hover over Maryland Shortly after 11 p.m - My wife and I walked out to the mailbox and decided to sit outside for a few minutes.  She immediately saw a flash and what looked like a moving star.  It took me a minute to notice it- because it was still when she was trying to point it out to me and I thought it was just a star.  After a minute, I saw it blink a blue light and begin to move in circles.  She ran in and got a blanket and we lay down on the ground and watched it.  It would move North slowly for awhile and then stop and hover in circles for minutes.   Every so often it looked like a small patch of heat lightning flashed behind it - but nowhere else in the sky.  Several times we both thought we could make out a moving light on the object.   After about 10 minutes we noticed another light coming at a moderate speed from the west that just stopped when it got in the vicinity of the first light.  If I hadn't seen it moving, I'm sure I would have thought it was a star.  When I focused on it I could see an aura of white around this second light and what looked like a white shape of some size.  Both lights circled around and hovered for about 20 more minutes and then were just gone.  I live right near B.W.I airport and planes land non stop.  From my front door the planes look like they are right over the tree line going by my house.  These lights were very high up, started and stopped and changed direction, and made no noise that I could hear.  Planes were landing beneath them the whole sighting.;39.1269;-76.698
Very quick flashing light across the sky, north to south.. Thought to be a shooting star but continued to blink.;2014-06-07 21:50:00;~1 minute;Very quick flashing light across the sky, north to south..   Thought to be a shooting star but continued to blink ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.1269;-76.698
Strange, silent, orange moving lights in sky,  ((anonymous report));2016-12-04 17:30:00;2 minutes;Strange silent orange moving lights in sky, Four lights moving silently and slowly in a straight line then arching line.  One light or object split off and went southward and disappeared, the other 3 lights remained moving slowly forward then hovering.  One of the 3 moved downwards from the line to form a triangular shape.  They stayed glowing there for a few seconds then it moved southwest and disappeared, the other two remained and then moved slowly forward, then disappeared completely. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.1269;-76.698
