myself and another person witnessd what appeared to be a glowing boomerang fly directly overhead of us with no sound or lights.;1986-06-10 21:00:00;2 mins;myself and another person witnessd what appeared to be a glowing boomerang fly directly overhead of us with no sound or lights. My friend and i were sitting and hanging out on a playground next to my house in maryland. In the middle of our conversation my friend said loudly and kind of in surprise look!! I looked around and didnt get it and said what,what? He grabbed my head and pointed me to the southeast and up. We both just shut up and watched then. What we saw looked like a very large ,softly glowing boomerang. It approached fairly slowly and looked to be only about 100 or so feet up. one thing that seemed strange to me was that it flew absolutey perfectly level and straight. It had no lights or sound whatsoever. The whole body of it had a very soft glow like one of those lightsticks only a bit softer and white not green. It seemed to trail a vapor or mist off of its entire rear edge. It flew almost directly overhead and i noticed it blocked out the stars as it went by. Because of its low light and it being night i couldnt say for sure but it was large. Maybe 200 or so feet from one end to the other. We watched it go by overhead and kept watching until it eventually flew beyond our site. Afterward we both kept asking eachother what the hell was it and it became obvious to both of us we didnt have a clue. I remember being quite excited and we both mentioned it to several people together just so we wouldnt get laughed at as bad . A few people told us that about at the same time the tv reception in the nieghborhood had gone out briefly. My friend and i were only teenagers at the time. neither of us are kooks or attention seekers or whatever. im posting this only because someone else may have seen something similar and it might be of help. Also right after it passed we noticed a very large amount of air traffic . Some of it seemed to circle or crisscross the area. Some headed in the same direction this thing went. We left shortly after.;39.1269;-76.698
Triangular shaped craft seen hovering near a highway. Large and did not move.;2010-10-02 21:00:00;1 minute;Triangular shaped craft seen hovering near a highway.  Large and did not move. It was dark. On Rt.100, looked up and saw some planes high in the sky, with their flashing lights.  To my right above some building, aprox. 150-250yds high, was a large object.  Couldn't really see the body.  I was able to see a triangle of lights.  At first I thought it was a plane because the airport was not too far from the area.  However the lights never moved!  It was as if it was hovering in the same spot. Seemed quite large, maybe the size of a normal passanger plane...except possibly wider.  The thing that just confused me was that it never moved and how low it was to the ground.  This was in a suburban area near a small highway.  Only one object was observed, and it was too dark to see any detail of the craft, however the lights were very visible.  Looked like it would be a triangle.;39.1269;-76.698
