lights in the daylight sky at the time of the Atlas rocket launch on the 31st of Aug.;2004-08-30 18:30:00;2 hrs;lights in the daylight sky at the time of the Atlas rocket launch on the 31st of Aug. While everyone else was watching the Atlas shot I was watching four star like objects in the western and northern sky. We first noticed the first one on the 30th of Aug. as a cloud bank was building in the west, we watched this for about 15 minutes until it was obscured by the cloud bank. The next day of the 31st. one object appeared in the west and as we were watching this another appeared in the northern sky. As we were looking at the one in the west it blinked out then reappeared to the right of it's origional position. Then to the lower left of this object another object blinked on then off very quickley. I viewed both remaining objects through a pair of binoculars and both were seen as objects that were reflecting light off the right side with a dark outline to the opposite side. It looked like they were reflecting the light and not emitting it as a source. These objects remained in the daylight sky for aprox. 2hrs. time. As we were watching the object in the north began drifting to the west towards the object in the west at a slow pace. As it was nearly to the half way point between it's origional position and the object in the west the object in the west blinked out. This object came to a position that put in in almost the same place as the first object in the western sky. It remained in this position until almost sunset then began moving to the north west and eventualy turned red and then blinked out. My two friends and other people that were walking back from the beach after the launch were witness to the lights as we pointed them out to them. All of the ones coming fron the beach were talking about the strange show in the sky, but I did not see this because I was involved with the lights. My daughter told me at the time of the launch she was watching a grey cylinder in the sky to the south of the launch.which caught her and her friends attention and also all the other things that others saw with launch. We took some digital film of the object in the western sky but all we could see was mostly a round object at best, but we have this footage. But when viewed throgh the camera the objects were definitly stationary reflective objects. As an explanation these could also have possibly been government satilites for observing the launch, but I would not know why so many and how they would blink out and reappear in another location so quickly.;28.3658569583934;-80.7277760401722
