Witnessed an almond shaped object fly into Cocoa Beach, FL, from Atlantic, then warp off to the W, upon reaching mainland.;2000-10-06 14:30:00;5-10 minutes;Witnessed an almond shaped object fly into cocoa beach florida from atlantic then warp off to the west upon reaching mainland. I was working with another person on the roof of the Royale Towers Condominiums B building making sure that the AC units were secured to the roof racks because of bad weather.  While securing a AC unit I looked out over the retention wall towards the east and saw what I at first thought was a balloon.  I thought to myself who would be foolish enough to let their kid bring a balloon to the beach on such a windy day.  I walked over to the look over the wall and down on the beach.  There was no one on the beach.  I looked back at the balloon and realized it had gotten bigger and wasn't over the beach at all, but much further out over the ocean and was coming into shore. I called my coworker over and pointed the object out and we began bouncing ideas off each other as to what it could be as it slowly flew in to shore.  It was a very overcast day with a strong wind blowing from west to east out to sea and the object was going straight into the headwind with no apparent effort.  I estimate the speed to be roughly 15-20mph.  The object appeared to be on a definite trajectory and was unaffected by wind. As it drew closer to shore, its actual shape became more identifiable.  It was almond shaped but thicker than an almond, almost round in the center.  It was silver metalic, the color of an unpolished spoon.  It was flying in very low.  The condominium I worked for was 8 stories high. As the object came ashore it was just higher than our position on the roof, but did not appear to be higher than the Cape Royal office building located next to our condo which is a 10 story building. The object passed to our south less than a block away.  It appeared to pass directly over the Cocoa Beach Hilton.  As it passed we got our best look at it.  I estimate its size to be 25-30ft long.  It was totally silent.  There were no seams or rivets, ports or windows of any kind. There were no visible markings.  It almost looked like a drop of liquid metal.  The object was silent, but the air around it was disturbed.  The air about 1-2ft around the entire object was distorted much like the mirage effect created on a hot asphalt road. We watched the object move past us and continue towards the mainland never changing course or speed.  It continued on over Merrit Island and as it approached the mainland it suddenly decreased in size until it was gone like it blinked out of exhistance.  I believe that it zipped off at such an incredible speed that it caused that effect from the perspective that we were viewing it at the time.  Again, there was no sound, no sonic boom. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));28.3658569583934;-80.7277760401722
