I own a on location skytracker searchlight service.   I was looking in the sky at the beams..right at sundown...as this was a newer mac;2005-12-10 20:00:00;10 minutes;I own a on location skytracker searchlight service.   I was looking in the sky at the beams..right at sundown...as this was a newer machine and the location was about 2 miles across the river...looking up in the sky..I noticed a refection through low partly cloudy skyies...warm night...low level cumulus clouds.  (not complete cloud cover or fog like..more like a spring day than winter day)    I saw this directly over my house about 5000 feet in the air.  The light would flash against it....like a derigible or Goodyear blimp.  It was stationaary...could not notice lights did not  feel compelled to report it..as I didn't know there was a report...web site or that it was not considered mental illness to report.   I know it was some craft...and it was stationary...and my searchlight beam reflected off of it. It was large...larger than any air craft....It was not a C 130 from the AFB in Jaxville either.   I saw it as did my partner..on my front steps.   Cylinder and seemed similar to the submarine in Voyage to bottom of the Sea..with a saucer end then large fusalage like.   It was just hanging in the sky...as if it was just taking a view..  I then waited the one or two seconds after looking at it for a few rotations of the skytracker searchlgiht and then the clouds moved and it was just gone as if it was not there.  It was something..and it was reflected..and I wouln't wait over 3 years to report it if I was just making it up. I know I saw something and I don't think it was a weather baloon.   There is just no body..to report this stuff to locally..here...Few people want to work in Arkansas after 5pm.  It is characteristic of the lifestyle here.  There are no live local real radio stations and It was not there long enough to call a TV station.  I tried to take a picture..but it did not show up.  I am not crazy, as I have seen on TV people who have seen a similar craft.  Not weird colored lights in night sky..but actual craft hanging in air..total silence....unsual.  could of been spy derigible possibly but why would they be syping at 5 to 10,000 feet rather than closer to earth..and why would it be over Maumelle?    a typical suburb.  did not see disk or strange lights or movement...but I did see something and I was not looking for it..when I saw it..I was only observing the searchlight beam and the reflectiion was obvious...and it was not making the same reflection as a cloud would make.;34.8504;-92.4089
