The most amazing thing i have ever seen in my life;1993-07-07 00:00:00;4 min;The most amazing thing i have ever seen in my life Hi everyone ! I just wanted to tell everyone about the sighting our family had , I believe it was in 1993 . It was in the summer , the time was 9 or 10 pm , I believe the month was july . We was watching tv and all of a sudden the door came open , it was my brother , he said there was a ufo ! I thought yeah i bet . We all got up and went out side , there was a very big and very bright green ball moving across the sky from east to west , at times a red glow was under the object , and little red objects would move out from the bottom of this red glowing corona . The sighting didn't last very long as we watched the ufo go behind the trees in the west and as it went behind the trees , we were all watching the skies and all of a sudden a very bright green light shot up from the ground into the air , the light was in the shape of a V , I have never seen anything like this in my life , it was a very bright green and in the shape of a perfect V , and the green light slowly faded away . We were all so amazed at what we had just seen , and were trying to figure out what it could have been , we talked for a minute or so and my mom went it to the house and we went in with her , she got on the phone to call my dad and tell him what we had just seen , she tried dialing the number where he works and a voice came on the line and said (this is an international operator and your call did not go through , and the line went dead, in a few minutes the tone came back , so she tried it again , and the very same thing happened again, she would keep trying , and the same thing would happen , in hour or so the phone started working normal again , We thought we had seen the ufo crash so we got in the car and started driving toward the direction of the bright green flash , we looked for hours but didn't find anything , so we all went home and went to bed , the kids were a bit scared , but in time all went to sleep. That is my UFO encounter in the summer of 1993 . I am posting this because it was one of the most a! mazing thing i have ever seen in my life , and also to ask others out there if they might have seen the UFO . If you did please let me know . I live in Paragon Indiana . ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.4042;-86.5779
