Orange ball in sky that looked like ablong sun that put out no light.;1981-06-30 21:00:00;5min;Orange ball in sky that looked like ablong sun that put out no light. It was around 1980 or 1981. I was at ball park in Paragon, IN. I was on bleachers on north side of ball park. It was night and I was there with friend who’s dad was there next to ball park at horseshoe court in tornament. Between the hills to the north of town and the graveyard hill to the east of town there is a space that Kinda forms a v shape opening. As me and my friend where atop the bleachers we noticed in the opening between the hills a large orange object in sky. It appeared to resemble the sun except it did not extend light from itself. Also it was like the sun except it was like someone taking a ball and smashing down from top and bottom, making it oblong shape. The object moved from behind one hill and slowly moved across opening till it disappeared behind the other hill. After a few secs it reappeared and slowing  moved back till it went behind the hill it came from the first time. I was as though not everyone could see what we were seeing. I looked over to horseshoe court and was amazed that none of the adults playing horseshoes seemed not to see this large orange thing in the sky. At which point my curiosity got the better of me and I had decided that if it reappeared then I was going to get on my Huffy bike and take of out in country in that direction to get a better look. A few secs later after it disappeared the second time it reappeared and started slowly back the direction as it did the first time. So I took of all alone as my friends were to afraid to go with me. I can’t say I wasn’t afraid myself, I was just more curious. About ¼ of the way out it disappeared behind the hill. I then stopped peddleing and just sat there on the seat of my bike. It was if I could sense it was over. So I just sat there for a few and realized it wasn’t coming back. At which time I returned to ball park.;39.4042;-86.5779
2 bright pink to red sphere shape dropped exactly straight down behind or within the trees.;2013-04-13 22:00:00;30 seconds;2 bright pink to red sphere shape dropped exactly straight down behind or within the trees. my son spotted the 2 bright pink to red light from inside our home then yelled and pointed.  We ran out to the front porch. we live in the country so im guessing they were a half mile away from us in the woods.  They were about 50 foot apart and about 40-50 foot in elevaition difference of each other, completely silent as they dropped exactlystraight down behind the trees.  As we first seen them they were approximatly 200 - 300 feet up.;39.4042;-86.5779
