slow moving light just above tree top level.  comes closer and the light goes out.  then back on once over mountain;2003-12-25 23:50:00;15 min;slow moving light just above tree top level.  comes closer and the light goes out.  then back on once over mountain I was out side having a smoke and looked over my left shoulder.  I saw this bright white light coming toward my house.  I stared at it for what seemed like a long time and the light was move closer but extremely slowly.  I though I could see a pointy light at the top but realized it was my eyes tearing up do the cold weather.  Then  I started to listen for a noise but had not heard any.  The object was getting closer to my house and I started to get a little nervus.  I called in to my friend and asked him to join me and see if he could figure out what this was.  I also wanted to make sure that I was not seeing things.  He joined me out side and we continued to watch this light move closer.  we still could not hear anything so he grab his camera with the telephoto lense and pointed at the light seeing if he could get a better view.  At that time the light went out.  I said Where did it go. He replied it still there but its turning, It looks like a giant wing.  as it passed near the house we still could not hear anything no noise like a jet or copter.  as it made it way over the mountain we could see the light come back on and it moved out slowly.  After words we talked about and though it might be a B2 but I had a B2 fly over the house earlier that summer on its way to and airshow and said that even that made a noise.  To this day I still dont know what it was.;40.1446;-77.124
A triangle shaped craft with large lights and no sound or form of thrust passed over my head.;2007-11-28 23:00:00;3 min;A triangle shaped craft with large lights and no sound or form of thrust passed over my head. The object was a trinangle shape with the corners rounded off.  It was also very thin compared to the width of the craft.  In front the object had four very large white lights and as It passed over my head the lights shut off and then four more lights lit up from underneath it,  the pattern of the lights were in the shape of a triangle but very centralized to the craft,  there were three points for the lights and in the center of the pattern was one larger light.  The lights on the outside of the pattern flashed between white and red, and the center light remained a solid green.  As  the craft passed over it had no sound,  totally silent,  I could see no form of forward thrust any were.  The size of the craft would be about 30 to 40 feet  wide and maybe 50  from back to front,  the craft was about one hundred or two hundred feet above me,   it was a charcole black,  and as It passed and gained some distance I noticed two very large lights in the rear of craft, they were white also,  there were no indicator lights on it like you would see on a plane .  My backdrop is that it was passing through moon light and it proceeded to pass over my head in my back yard,  there was nothing but open sky,  it left no contrail or any other  evidence of it even exsisting .;40.1446;-77.124
