We witnessed over 20 UFO's traveling northeast across the sky in the span of about ten or fifteen minutes.;2009-08-30 22:25:00;10 minutes;We witnessed over 20 UFO's traveling northeast across the sky in the span of about ten or fifteen minutes. It is now 10:45 pm on Sunday, August 30th, 2009.  My wife and I were returning home from my sister’s house about 20 minutes ago with our children asleep in the back seat when we saw 3 circular lights in the sky that were moving relatively quickly. We stopped the car, put on our flashers and exited the vehicle to get a better look.  There was a procession of approximately 20 to 25 of these lights that seemed to be travelling from the southwest and moving northeast across the night sky in clusters of two and three at a time with short intervals in between. They were definitely not airplanes or helicopters. They were clearly visible, yet there were no distinctive markings. The color seemed strangely ambiguous. They seemed both white and red at the same time, yet not flickering. That was my personal perception, although my wife seemed to perceive a faint flicker. They each disappeared off into the clouds one by one in the sky northeast of us. There was absolutely! no sound at all.  We both witnessed this event.  Neither one of us could come up with a logical explanation of what we were viewing.  Although several cars passed us, no one else stopped or slowed to take notice of what we were looking at. I doubt highly that there is any connection of significance to the fact that we heard consistent gunfire in the area, but I will state it here as a point of fact.  We are in an area where there seems to be frequent recreational gunfire.  We called my sister to describe what we were seeing, but she did not see any activity over her house roughly 30 miles away.  We live in the town of Greenville, NY 12771. We share a zip code with Port Jervis, NY and obviously are very close to that town.  We did not feel threatened or scared by what we saw. It was a spectacularly uncommon site. If there is a logical explanation for it, we’d be curious to know what it is. If not, we feel very fortunate to have viewed such a unique event.;42.4077;-74.0201
