7 red lights in sky.;2013-07-13 22:45:00;10 minutes;7 red lights in sky. A friend and I were driving west down I-80 passing the 355 intersection, and as I was driving I stated how weird that 3 airplanes were flying so close forming what appeared to be a triangle to which my friend exclaimed &quotthose do not look like airplanes&quot.  As we approached closer, I noticed there were 5 bright glowing red circles high up in the sky, but not as high as an airplane.   My friend tried to take photos and video with my iPhone 5 but they were not coming out...I had to turn around and see if the lights were still there. I exited Lincoln highway and turned back around heading east on I-80.   The lights were still in the sky, in the form of a triangular shape, parrallel with the ground in the same manner an airplane would be flying.   As risky as it was, I had to pull over on the highway to take photos and attempt a video (only one light was left at this time).  I was trying to figure out exactly what these lights were and I immediately thought of lanterns because they were glowing...but they were moving in sync and in form which boggled my mind.   Here's the weirdest part, I have seen these lights before in 2006 in Tinley Park.   I used to be a big believer in UFO's and have always looked towards the sky, but over the years I have no longer cared as there are no answers.   I am only reporting this for due diligence. Whatever the lights were, it was either a clever trick using lanterns or something that is beyond what we will ever know.  I want anyone reading this to know that I have a witness,  I called the non emergency police to see if there were any other reportings, I have (sadly) bad photos and video, and I was compelled enough to turn on my hazards and pull over on a busy highway to try and document this.  If it's someone playing a trick, they need to be caught, and if not, then it can only help.  I have become very rational since 2006, and I wanted to view these objects to come up with the most rational answer that I could, but what I have posted is all I can say.  The most important note is the the lights were the exact same lights I happened to witness in 2006, and appeared traveling across the sky.  It appeared the first 6 lights formed almost a flock if you will and disappeared, leaving one light behind that I was able to record.   I want people to know I am not looking for fame, attention, money, I just felt it was my obligation to report this and have it documented somewhere for someone who still cares.;41.5067;-87.9631
