1989 Sighting 2 main ships many small (USA, Illinois);1989-03-06 01:00:00;3 days;1989 Sighting 2 main ships many small (USA, Illinois) In 1989 in New Lenox, Illinois, my mother and I witnessed about 3 nights of UFOs outside of her bedroom window.  I was ten years old and I believe it was early March/late February when this all occurred. My mom is a fairly hokey person who believes she sees things all the time (spirits etc.) so when she woke me up in the middle of the night to look at spaceships my first reaction was go away.  My dad and sibling wouldn't get up either.  So she came back to me.  I felt bad at this point and out of sympathy got up to go to her room and look out her window.  She handed me bi-oculars and pointed south of our house over the cornfield.  There, she said, pointing in the east.  I saw nothing for a minute or two, but she insisted that I stay.  Believe it or not I saw it zip across the sky and stop suddenly, as quiet as a mouse.  It was like it was playing a game.  I saw it zip back and forth between it's starting and ending points a few times. We where looking south from northern most part New Lenox which at the time was pretty rural. I tried to wake my dad up.  If they're out there I don't want to know, he said and rolled over to try to sleep. My mom and I came to realize that there where two ships.  The one in the eastern part of the sky started to 'eject' small 'ship like' things to the west of it.  I have more detailed records of all of the 'ship like' things and am going to send in the orginal record of this event as soon as possible.  In the west sat another ship across from the eastern ship. At this point the Eastern and Western ships started to do geometrical patterns. This is hard to explain- but we definately saw geometerial patterns in the sky- moving and changing color. It was eerily silent and beautiful. As it started to become light they seemed to stop. The next day we made records of these patterns and everything we had seen.  I got on the school bus and looked to the east for the main ship and it was there! I wasn't a very social child at the time and besides who would believe me so I watched it as long as I could in awe of its sleek silver oval shape. On the bus ride home I saw it again in the Eastern sky.  A plane (a regular plane- not a jet or anything) started to approach it from the Northwest and I became fearful that someone would find it- but instead the UFO seemed to turn from the bottom up and blended in with the sky.  The plane passed as if the UFO had never been there. I got off the bus and walked to my house backwards keeping my eyes on the UFO which had reappeared. I entered the house and told my mom they where still out there.  We tried to talk my sibling and my dad into watching them with us that night- but they refused.  They didn't believe or want to see. So my mom and I watched the ships for two more nights.  I never saw the Eastern ship in the daytime again.  But I always look there when I drive through town- just incase. We haven't seemed one since, but I find my self looking at the stars hoping to see a dash across the sky and a sudden quiet stop by a silvery ship. As I said earlier I will try to find the orginal documents and send them to you ASAP. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.5067;-87.9631
