triangle of stars breaking off in diffrent directions;2005-09-30 04:45:00;5 minutes;triangle of stars breaking off in diffrent directions I work as a large equipment fueler and usually load my truck for the days stops at around 4:45am every day.  While the truck is loading I frequenly check out the night sky and stars.  Im very familiar with the constilations that I see every day.  This paticular night I noticed a constellation I've never seen before off to my northwest.  3 extreemly bright stars in the shape of a triangle.   I stood there for a minute or so staring at the shape when all of the sudden the bottom left star moved about (relative to my perspective) a foot and half to the north.  At first I thought, ok its a satalite, but then it stopped.  Right when this object stopped the bottom right object took off to the east where i eventually lost site of it.   I looked back at the 2 remaining objects only to see the top object slowly fade into the night sky as if it had risin straight up. the first moving object remained in position at least untill I entered my truck to start my route.  very freeky!!!!!!!!!;41.5067;-87.9631
Three Triangle UFO's seen in the southwest sky in New Lenox Illinois by 7 witnesses.;2011-08-29 08:45:00;15 minutes;Three Triangle UFO's seen in the southwest sky in New Lenox Illinois by 7 witnesses. I was in an open parking lot tonight in New Lenox Illinois (at my place of employmeant) when a street light in the parking lot went out above me i was kind of creeped out so i looked up. When i looked up i saw 3 lights that were blinking red, white, and green. they were zipping back and forth up and down so it couldnt have been a plane or helicopter. at one point all 3 stopped and formed a triangle in the sky and each had two white lights blinking with a red one at the top (thats how i could tell it was triangular) and did this for about half a minute. i then ran inside and grabbed a coworker and pulled him out to look at it. when we got back there were two still there and they were zipping bakcand forth blinking again. then the third showed up again. at this point it was about 9 o clock PM central time and my coworker had to clock out. he went home, but then about 5 more of my coworkers came out and watched it as well. after a while they just stood in place!  2 of them dissappeard gradually one by one until one was there and it was blinking red and white. it then dissappeared as well.  Then we all went inside again. I clocked out of work at 9:30 and did not see anything on my drive home.As for the description of the witnesses,  -  One female about 45 - another woman about the same age - 16 year old male - another 16 year old male - 18 year old male - middle aged male - another middle aged male   The two women in there 40's and the two middle aged men have all had some sort of further education to the best of my knowledge. One more detail is none of us had cameras and could get a video or picture. we tried with cellphone cameras but they werent good enough.  When we started seeing these the street lights in the parking lots started going out.;41.5067;-87.9631
