UFO In My Backyard On New Year’s Eve;2020-12-31 17:00:00;40 Minutes;UFO In My Backyard On New Year’s Eve This was the most incredible thing I ever saw.  It was like something right out of a movie.  I would have tried to capture it on video, but I really thought it was just a small car, or a couple of snowmobiles, until it took off, and by then it was too late, because it took off too fast.  I live next to a school, which is now closed and abandoned.  On one side of the school is a baseball field and a soccer field.  The soccer field is behind the baseball field, and it is surrounded by bushes and trees.  There is a small hill beyond this area, which leads to where I live.  When I look out my kitchen window, I can see part of the baseball field, as well as some of the bushes and trees which surround the soccer field.  So what happened was I was eating supper at my kitchen table and glancing out my kitchen window every so often while I ate, which is what I usually do.  It was completely dark outside and the light I was eating by in the kitchen was only very dim.  I usually like to eat eat in semi-darkness like this.  Well, I was about halfway through my meal when I noticed three dim lights out my window- two white lights and one red light.  The lights were lined up in a row, which seemed to be curved slightly.  I judged the distance of the object(or objects) to be right about between the baseball field and the soccer field, right behind some of the bushes and trees.  At first I didn’t think much of it because I figured it was either a small car or a couple of snowmobiles, even though I didn’t see any exhaust and I didn’t hear any sound.  Anyway, the object just sat there in front of me, without moving, for about 35 minutes.  I finished eating, all the while keeping an eye on it.  When I was finished eating, I decided to sit and watch it for awhile,  to see what would happen, to see where it would go.  And I was still almost completely convinced it was just a small car, or a couple of snowmobiles, even though I thought it was a strange place for someone to be parking- especially considering that the school has been closed and abandoned for quite a long time now.  It didn’t take long for things to start getting both weird and fascinating.  As I was sitting there in the semi-darkness staring at it, suddenly one of the white lights got really bright, like a really bright flashlight.  Then the light started to rotate!  Shortly after that, the object began moving along the ground towards the bushes, and, therefore, closer to me.  When it reached the bushes, the entire middlle area lit up with bright white light and started to rotate!  Even though it never went completely through the trees to the building where I lived, it came close enough to me so that I thought I saw windows!  The windows were all lit up with bright white light, and they were rotating about the middle!  It continued moving slowly along the trees like this, still without making any sound, and without giving off any exhaust!  I could even see the light reflecting off the trees!  Well, eventually, after about thirty seconds or so, it reached the end of the soccer field.  At that point I expected to see it fly off into the sky, but instead the weirdness continued.  Instead of flying off into the sky,  it appeared to fly right into the trees, but without disturbing the trees at all, except for reflecting bright white light off them.  Then the light went out and it disappeared!  It seemed to just wink out of existence!  Then it was gone.  And everything was completely dark again.  It was the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen in my life- and I’m a 49-year-old disabled male.  I’ve actually been wishing that it would return and make a repeat performance, if for no other reason than so I could capture it on video.;47.0139;-68.6903
