Saucer shaped object with three layers, very close encounter, several witnesses, most memorable event in my life.;1990-01-15 18:30:00;10 to 15 mins;Saucer shaped object with three layers, very close encounter, several witnesses, most memorable event in my life. I was ten years old at the time of this event.  My father was a Cub Scout den leader and my father, a friend, and me were travelling in the same car in route to a Cub Scout function.  There was another car following us with another Cub Scout and his step father.  We were travelling through the country towards Melvin, Il about eight miles away.  It was dark at this time and a winter snow storm had just hit.  As we were driving we noticed two bright lights at our two o'clock position (NE).  I remember my father commenting, It must be two helicopters looking for stranded cars.  At the time my friend and I became excited about two helicopters flying low over the empty fields.  As we watched them we noticed they were on a direct path for us.  Being the young child I was at the time, I rolled down the window to hear the whoomp, whoomp, whoomp, of the approaching helicopters.  Only there was one problem, there was nothing, except the cold winter wind blowing across the empty fields.  As the lights came closer we noticed that the two lights came from the same craft.  Each light was positioned at the end of the craft.  The craft was the normal saucer shape, composed of three layers.  The middle being the longest, the bottom being the second longest, and the top being the shortest.  Keep in mind though that the top was metallic and extremley long (not a glass bubble).  The craft at this time was about 800-600 ft high and about 40 yards in front of us moving at about 20-30 mph.  My father stopped the car as well as the car behind us.  We rolled down the rest of the windows and watched as it floated over our heads.  It was so low that I am still able to remember the sight of portholes or tiny lights on the side of the craft.  Thinking back I am reminded of portholes, but not entirely certain.  The craft slowed as it floated over our car and came to rest in a field about 200 yards from us.  It maintained its altitude (600 ft or so) and just hovered silently.  I do remember looking up as it floated over the top of! us and seeing the bottom layer was donut like, hollow in the center.  The bottom part had a glowing effect to it, anti-gravity???  Anyways by this time my father was standing outside the car looking at this object along with my friends step-father.  By this time both me and my friend were in tears (same car) begging my Dad to leave.  Finally my father got into the car and took off.  The next thing I remember is being about a mile away and looking back at this object.  It had now tilted up at a perfect 45 degree angle and before I could get my father's attention it dissapeared.  Both my friend and I (occupied the same car) realize what we saw that night, and do not deny it.  My other friend has moved away now and I haven't talked to him in several years.  But with hard work I could find him to verify my story.  His step-father has passed away now.  My father still to this day thinks of that moment as one of the greatest in his life.  I believe if it wasn't for us children, he would have walked out to it.  I know it may seem hard for someone to remember these incidents, what with so much time that has passed.  I still to this day remember those events like yesterday.  It was truely one of the most magnificent things I have ever seen.  I am now a college senior preparing to graduate from a Christian University in Chicago. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date may be approximate.   We have arbitrarily assigned a date in January 1990 so that the report will sort to that month.  We will invite the witness to contact the other witnesses and have them submit reports, as well.  PD));40.5706;-88.2552
