There was 3 round circular objects, one was Red, they first appeared to be stars, it was 4:45 in the afternoon, there were no others.;2003-12-31 16:45:00;10 mins;There was 3 round circular objects, one was Red, they first appeared to be stars, it was 4:45 in the afternoon, there were no others. About 4:45 pm i was checking the air in my tires when i looked up and saw the moon, as it is out early this time of the year. There i saw what first appeared to be 3 stars, with one being red. the Red one was about 3-4 inces away from the moon and the other 2 were about 1-2 inches away..I didn't think much of it right away, but i looked around and there were no other stars in the sky so that got me curious. The objects were a long way away, almost like they were even with the moon..i scanned the sky again for other stars and still did not see any. The Red one seemed to move ever so slow, the the other two moved just a little, about this time my Son, who is in the Navy and is getting Married Saturday as he is on his way back off the coast of Iraq. he is stationed on board the U.S.S. George Washington an aircraft carrier and he sees jet fighters all the time, they are suppose to leave around Jan 19th headed back off the coast of Iraq to provide air support for the troops he works hands on with the planes as he is an AO, Aviation Ordance man, loading the bombs on planes, he is used to seeing the best we have.. I asked him to take a look at the objects i saw, he first said they were stars, but after he saw them move a little he said , Dad, those are not stars, they are moving around, by this time the Red one was about 6 inches away in the 8 o'clock position Using the Moon as the 12 O'Clock position, the other 2 were about 3 inches away in the 5 pm and 7 pm position, they would move a little then stop, move a little then stop, about 7 mins into the sitings the red one took off super fast..the other two were now in the 6pm and 9 pm position, there they stopped for what appeared to be a couple of mins, then they moved again but with a little more speed, in about 2 more mins they both took off super fast and that was the last we saw of them. There was nothing else in the sky. I was a former Deputy sheriff, left there and went to work for the local Air Force base as a DOD worker and saw planes all the time at my work, i have never seen anything move in that type fashion and then leave in that speed..This is no joke and i would be interested in talking to any one that may have saw this that same day, this was New Years Eve, 12-31-2003. Others should have seen them as they were very high and appeared to be close to the moon. The time was between 4:45 and 5 pm. I wish i had not had my head up by rear at the time as i have a new cell phone with picture capability, my dumb fault.;32.6026804878049;-83.6409593495934
