Spinning, Superfast, Sphere;1984-06-15 22:00:00;15 min.;Spinning, Superfast, Sphere I realize this was a sighting that is in no shape or form recent, but to me it is still just as new as the night we saw it. I was 12 and spent my entire spring and summer evenings gazing at the stars...searching for anything unusual and exciting...I was disappointed night after night. Everything I saw was very easy to explain, until one evening...  I was gazing to my North (I could see the entire North sky midlevel and upward) in the mid area of the North sky I saw an object I thought must be another plane because I saw red lights that looked as if they were flashing. I took a look through my binoculars to find that it seemes to be red and green and yellow (maybe blue as well) lights changing colors, rotating, or spinning, it seemed to be in a ball shape. I still wasn't too impressed until it shot East across an enormous expanse of sky in a matter of seconds. It then came back to mid North then just as fast shot to the West and then back again then it made very fast movements straight up and then down and up and down like a bouncing ball. It continued to do these tricks for a long period of time.  I was able to convince my mother to come and look (so I would have proof and another witness) I was sure it would be gone when we returned to the backyard. But it was still there and she was able to witness all of the movements I mentioned before. We were both amazed at the speed and movements. In my opinion at the time and now is that it must have been moving at thousands of miles per hr. To look at it with the naked eye it seemed to be very high in the sky, possibly where an airliner would maintain a steady altitude.  As I say, I know it was a long time ago, but I have never reported to anyone what I saw because I was just happy at the time that I wasn't the only one who saw it. I really didn't know who to call and now I am only reporting it because I still think it is extremely interesting and I found this website through a rerun of the Peter Jennings UFO special. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.0274;-94.2087
