Looking high into the eastern sky, I saw an arc of dim orange lights gliding silently from the north, and curve towards the southeast;1999-11-02 20:25:00;4 seconds;Looking high into the eastern sky, I saw an arc of dim orange lights gliding silently from the north, and curve towards the southeast. I work nights, and had just come out of my house to get in my car around 8:25 pm.  As I usually tend to do, I looked up toward the east to see how clear the sky was, and my attention was immediately drawn to an arc of 12-14 extremely dim orange lights coming from the north, almost directly over my head.  They glided silently toward the south, making a slight turn toward the southeast and then faded and vanished as they turned.  The whole thing lasted about 4 seconds.  I can't make an estimate of the altitude, but from one end to the other, the arc was about the width of my fist at arm's length.  It appeared to be fairly low in the sky.  It was the smoothest motion that I've ever seen anything move with, and seemed very surreal.  What struck me as odd was that the lights were so dim that they were barely visible in the dark sky.  I tried to discern whether they were individual lights flying in a formation, or if they were all on one object, but it swept by so quickly, I couldn't tell if the stars were blocked from view as it passed over.  There was positively no sound.  I kept watching and listening for a few minutes but nothing else occurred.;34.5077;-97.9393
Close encounter of the third kind - small blue 'gray' type alien.;2000-09-15 02:00:00;5 seconds;Close encounter of the third kind - small blue 'gray' type alien. Close encounter of the third kind or Bloecher subtype D.  In the fall of 2000 I was Junior at Duncan High and staying over at a friends house.  This house was located in the Timber Gate neighborhood which at the time had dense woods all around the back.   At approximately 2 a.m. my other two friends decided to drive to Chickasha (no reason), a town north of Duncan.  As we where leaving neighborhood, driving east on timber creek drive and coming to the intersection with wildwood place, we saw it.  Topping a small hill our headlights shown on a small blue man.  He had the classic grey big head, but has short and stocky and about 3' but probabley weighed 80lbs.  He had no clothes and he was waddling across the road right in front of us.  When he make it to the other side, as soon as it was stepping on the curb, he was gone.  It happened so quick and it was so unbelievably freaky we made an agreement not to talk to anyone about this.  This town is like 'happy days' so it would be been weird, we would have been taken to jail for suspected drug use or something.  That was over ten years ago, statute of limitations applies. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.5077;-97.9393
Numourous Objects In Night Sky For About 45 minutes.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect satellites and stars.  PD));2008-09-24 21:33:00;30 Minutes;Numourous Objects In Night Sky For About 45 minutes. We were sitting on the front uncovered porch and my friend was all... Look at that ((obscenity deleted))  The first one was bright and the same size as a star and moved in one direction from north to south in the eastern sky.  I figured it may have been a satellite but then we saw another moving in the same direction. and another.  Then the forth one faded in from a different direction and then changed course.  When it changed course i knew right then and there it was not a satellite or the space station or space junk.  The fifth object seen we thought it was simply two of the lights moving together at the same speed and then we realized it was one HUGE object!  How we came to that conclusion is when both the lights came to pass a star the star vanished for about a second. then it came back.  this object was moving slowly as well. It simply looks like 2 stars moving from the west to the east.  Then all of the sudden it abruptly changed course to go north.  This is the most active night i have ever seen besides the lights over Phoenix Arizona incident a few years back that the government said was flares. Something that large should have made a lot of noise for how close it appeared.  But then i guessed it must be so far away.  The rest of our time we viewed a few more single star like objects move across the sky and some of them changed course.  One of them was red in color.  The last object observed was very large and at first i thought it might be a huge b-1 bomber or something flying low. the only problem with that is the speed it was moving (Fast) and no noise as well as strange lights.  one white light left one white light right and one red light in the center with an occasional bright red burst emitted from the back red light. (Blinking (Bursts) but not like a plane in succession). The object seemed to show a double image of itself on top like a mirror. WEIRD! For me to see what we saw tonight makes me so angry that the government would cover up something so huge! It is so obvious if people would simply get out from in front of there t.v's and watch the sky for them selves. I just can't understand why i couldn't see any additional detail. They all simply looked like points of light. (Stars). ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect satellites and stars.  PD));34.5077;-97.9393
