This is what I can remember about my abduction.;1997-10-15 02:15:00;05:15;This is what I can remember about my abduction. In the wee hours of the morning of October 15th, 1997 at about 2:15 A.M. I was sleeping in my bed when I suddenly woke from my sleep from a strange presence in my room. I was positioned in such a way, that I could see my clock. The time read 2:15 A.M. 	I was laying on my back and for some reason, an odd feeling swept through my body. This ( feeling ), forced me to close my eyelids. The next thing I knew, was that I was laying on my stomach, looking up at the clock which now read 5:15 A.M. The strange presence was still in the room with me and once again I was forced to close my eyelids. At this time, I was asleep, only to be awakened by my alarm clock at 6:15 A.M. 	When I first woke up, I did not even remember the odd events of the night before. However, the images soon came. As I woke up, I started to remember some of the events. The strange presence at 2:15 A.M. , and something else. The image was so vivid, it could have not been a dream. 	Just after I had been forced to close my eyes, I could remember standing naked in an oval shaped room. The walls were metal, with small windows in the top right hand corner. ( They looked like the ones in grocery stores. The place were they can watch every alley from above with the two way mirror glass. ) Directly behind me was a large door where the two oval walls meet. In the middle of the room, was an odd looking operating table with two needle devices on robotic arms sticking out of the side. This was the only object in the room. 	I turned in fear and started banging on the large door, demanding that I be let out. I could hear voices in the background of my head, yet there was no noise except for a low humm in the walls. I was then told by an angry male voice in my head to either lay down on the table and do as I was told or someone I loved would be hurt. Fearing this would actually happen, I did as I was told. I was asked to lay in such a manner that my left hand lower back was exposed to the two needle like objects. One of the objects had a clear window on it and I could see the contents. what ever was inside of it was clear.  At the base of the needle was a triangle shaped piece of metal and two rectangle designs on both sides of the objects. I was told by a more friendly female voice that I would feel no pain but I would feel my legs go numb and would feel that I could not move even though I could if I wished. 	As I laid there, the robotic arm moved closer to my back and suddenly plunged into my lower left hand side of my back. I could feel the clear liquid being pushed into my body. Then suddenly, I felt numb and paralyzed. I tried to move my arm and I discovered that I could still move. By this time, the needle had been inside of me for over a minute. Then the needle started to suck instead of inject. Then it moved out and away from my back. At this time, the second needle moved toward the same spot on my back and plunged in. 	It was at this time I work up laying on my stomach looking up at the clock that read 5:15 A.M. As I brushed my teeth that morning, I noticed that I had a small pain in my back near my kidneys. I lifted my shirt to discover physical evidence of my abduction. There on my lower back was a triangle with two rectangle shaped imprints on my back. They were the same size as the needle on the table. In the middle of the triangle was a small spot of clotted blood. I removed the spot of blood only to discover that there was no entry hole, just dried blood and the three imprints. My back was slightly swollen and did hurt a little bit. I took of my shirt to look and see if blood was also on it. There was none, it was only on my back.;34.5077;-97.9393
Luminous flying snake;2000-08-13 21:15:00;30 seconds;Luminous flying snake The object was snake like, it moved as if it were in water, very faint luminous pink color. It just floated over our house for a few seconds then flew off. It could not have been more than four feet long. There was no wind, and the thing looked like a flying snake.;34.5077;-97.9393
