2 starlike objects approximatly a football field apart circles over Norcross,Georgia;2001-09-15 03:00:00;30 sec;2 starlike objects approximatly a football field apart circles over Norcross,Georgia Hello,as man said in D.C incident,sorry for taking so long to report this,but I observed simular object over Norcross,Ga. as he did.The only differance in the one that I observed was the lights in his illustration were brighter and a red liight was on the front.The one that I observed did not have a red light in front and lights may have been as bright but it was high up so they did not appear as bright.I understand that you may not be familiar with what I am describing,so I qill say on date of sighting,I was working over night shift and stepped outside for breath of fresh air when I observed 2 pinpoints of light that appeared to be stars approximatly a football field apart race overhead in clear early morning sky at approx 0300.About 30 seconds later,they repeated this manuever.Also, no object was observed in the center of these lightsAlso,no sound was heard.Well thats all ,see ya'll later. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although witness does not indicate that fact.  We do not know which sighting report in D.C. the witness is alluding to.  PD));33.92132;-84.1906743589742
As we looked for the helicoptor that was raddling our windows, we saw the star that was seemingly being chased.;2004-01-22 21:30:00;5 seconds;As we looked for the helicoptor that was raddling our windows, we saw the star that was seemingly being chased. My husband and I were sitting in our living room when we heard a helicoptor flying very low, so we jumped up to see if there was a search light, maybe it was a police helicoptor.  Then we saw what looked alot like a bright star moving rather quickly accross the sky, but it's motions were mechanical, not like a shooting star and there was no tail, and it did not aim down and the chopper seemed to be following it.  We ran out to the front and barely saw the chopper in the distance.;33.92132;-84.1906743589742
Followed by Unidentified Light Objects on multiple occassions whether walking or driving;2012-02-12 19:00:00;all night;Followed by Unidentified Light Objects on multiple occassions whether walking or driving On Sunday February 12, 2012  Me and my granddaughter were on the way home and I looked out my window and saw what I thought was a plane like beside me like it wanted to get my attention.  It was low but I could not actually see anything but a white light.  It was like it was racing or keeping up with me.  I mentioned it to my granddaughter and she looked over and saw it.  I told her I was only going 35-40 miles and it would pass us when we stopped for the red light.  When I stopped it stopped. (on a dime). When the traffic light turned green I started it started.   I was in shock I was afraid to go home so I went to Walgreens the plane or whatever stayed in the sky until I began to drive again and followed me to the post office.  I called my son and daughter and another friend.  No one answered.  I went in the post office to get some stamps and returned to my van. The plane or whatever was still hovering in the sky.  My son called me back and I told him what was happening.  My son said a plane could not stop like that.  I heard no sound from the flying object.  I only saw a big bright light.  I proceeded to 24 hr Wal-Mart about 15 miles away.  On my way there I asked my grand daughter if she saw it following us.  When she looked up she said yes and another one has joined it, but it had a smaller white light flying right  next to it.  When I pulled into Wal-Mart parking lot there was another flying object that had a red and green light on either side.  I could not see what was in between the lights. It hovered over Wal-Mart as we entered the store.  We stayed in the store for about 1 hour and came out the doors at the opposite end.  We decided to exit Wal-Mart from the opposite end from where we entered. When we stepped off the curb and into the parking lot the object with the red and green lights followed us to my van.  The other two were still at the end of the store where we had entered at just standing still and very close together.  When we got inside the van my daughter called and I was explaining to her what was happening.  Then I began to see more of the objects with the green and red lights. There were approaching from the North. So I began to tell her “here comes another one and another one and another one”.  She asked me what was going on and I said I don’t know.  I was freaking out but trying to stay calm for my granddaughter.  Then the smaller lights began to arrive as well.  When I pulled out of the parking lot there were approximately 6 objects with the red and green lights and 12 of the white smaller lights that were following me.  This time I traveled the expressway.  We could still see! more and more white lights coming toward us from the left and the right.  I pulled on the median on the expressway and stopped.  When I stopped they all stopped.  It was late and my grand daughter had school the next day, so I told her we would just go home.  We went home and the lights followed us all the way home and was hovering over the parking lot and my apartment.  The big white light was right on top of my apartment.  We counted approx 30 of the white lights and the red and green lights stayed on the perimeter.  We went in and I told her not to cut the TV on or any lights.  We closed all the blinds.  I went back outside with my camera and took 4 pictures, because I thought people would not believe me.   I went back outside around 3am and they were still in the sky.  I went to sleep.  I did not think about them any more until Thursday night February 16, 2012 around 7pm, we were leaving a restaurant and my granddaughter told me to look up and there was the big bright light.  I said not again!  As were on our way to bible study the white light was following us.  Then came the smaller light beside it.  Then we could see more lights begin to follow us down the expressway.  When we got off at the exit we say the red and green lights but only one of those this time.  We proceeded to our destination and got out of the van and counted 9 white lights that followed our every driving move.  Bible study was over at 8:30pm.  We came out and counted the white lights again it was 12.  We proceeded home and we could see more and more joining the other lights.  When we arrived home we counted 20 of the objects with white lights that had followed us home.  I called another of my friends and was counting them.  Then people from the other apartment building came outside to! smoke and the lights lifted straight up in the air and just appeared like stars.  I told my friend what had happened.  They were no longer visible, just faintly.  But I could still see the one with the big bright light.  When the neighbors went inside, the white lights descended again.  They are not spread out like planes would need room, but these are close together.  And the one with the big bright light appears to be the leader, because it always appear solo and first.  Friday night February 17, 2012 when it got dark outside I looked out the window and called to my granddaughter to come and look.  The white lights were back over the apartment again.  She said I’m going outside to see.  She came back in and said there are more than before.  I put my shoes on and went outside and looked up there were more than before.  I did not bother to count them.  I walked up the street to the mail box and they followed me to the mailbox and back down the street.  My daughter in law came over to pick up my granddaughter and I told her what was happening. I told her to watch as the lights followed me up the street and back down.  She just stood there with her mouth open.  She had no explanation.  She was wondering if it were good or bad.  I don’t know but I wish these lights or whatever would STOP following, watching or whatever they are doing. As me and my daughter in law were looking up a normal plane flew over and we could hear and make out that it was ! a plane. We saw the body and wings on it.  I called another of my friends and she suggested that I call and report it.  So that is what I decided to do.  This is an eerie feeling because I don’t know why me of all people in the world why me?  If you have any information you can help me know what or who is following me PLEASE let me know.  I was calling them planes at first but planes can’t stop on a dime and go that slow and stay in the air and just hover for long periods of time.  I need some logical explanation of what is happening and why I am being followed by all of these light things.  This is very serious and I am concerned for me and my granddaughter’s safety. Thank you;33.92132;-84.1906743589742
Moving light like a star, briefly became VERY bright, continuous N to S movement, then faded away.;2014-05-16 21:55:00;20 seconds;Moving light like a star, briefly became VERY bright, continuous N to S movement, then faded away. Initially looked like a star, moving N to S, became very bright, then faded, continuous straight line path.;33.92132;-84.1906743589742
Standing in shopping center Beaver Ruin Rd.& I 85 saw super fast moving light to close to be star too bright. No noise heard, lost it w;2017-04-12 20:50:00;15 seconds;Standing in shopping center, Beaver Ruin Rd. & I-85, saw super fast moving light to close to be star too bright.   No noise heard, lost it when it went behind store. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.92132;-84.1906743589742
