((HOAX??))  Huge black blimpe object hovering/flying over  Norcross Georgia!!;2008-09-30 08:00:00;10 minutes;Huge black blimpe object hovering/flying over  Norcross Georgia!! I live in Norcross, Georgia.  This sighting was on Sept. 31 2008, I was walking down Holcomb bridge road coming from Peachtree Corners/Holcomb bridge rd. area  heading toward the intersection of Holcomb bridge rd. and Jimmy Carter Blvd. As I was approaching the plaza/parking lot where Blockbuster and Papa John’s Pizza is located, I notice a huge black object in the sky directly in front of me.  It was hovering over the area where Peachtree Ind. Blvd. and Jimmy Carter Blvd. intersect.  The object was shaped like a “Blimp” but much bigger! The outline of this object was easy to see, but the actual body appeared like a “ink smudge” no real texture (wasn’t solid)(The object was a little higher than tree level) As I was looking at it, I notice a young man coming toward me,and I stopped him and pointed to the sky and asked him did he see that and if he knew what it was.  I wanted to make sure I was not seeing things!  The young man turned and looked up (it was behind him) and he could not explain it either.  He was the one that pointed out something that was hanging down toward the back of it. We talked for a few second and he continued on his way.  Once I focused on the rear end of the object, it was then that I was able to see some sort of ‘wavy like aurora’ somewhat smoky looking around the back area.  I continue to watch it as I was walking (not very fast), when I got close to the CITGO gas station I notice a small airplane coming south down Peachtree Ind. Toward the object.  I stopped and waited to see if the airplane was going to change directions or something to avoid running into this object also I wanted to compare the size of the airplane to the object. The airplane was coming from my left as I faced the object toward its front end.  I could clearly hear and see the airplane but when the airplane approached the object, (the objected did not move) it passed thru the top portion of the object!!  As it flew thru the object I lost sight of the airplane, but I could hear it and I stayed focused until it emerged from the other side.  The airplane continued south on Peachtree Ind., as if that big black object was not even there!!  By now, I am getting very confused about what this thing is and I wondered if the people driving could see it!  I start walking again still looking at it.  I was walking to the Chic-fila on Peachtree Parkway and I usually walk thru all the parking lots on Holcomb Bridge.  When I reached Holcomb bridge rd. heading toward Panera’s, I start loosing sight of it because of the trees.  When I came to the first parking lot where RBC bank is at, I looked to my right and there it was!  I almost felt as though it was following me because I do not walk fast and I figured it would be gone by the time I get from the area with all the trees.  The object was now flying north on Peachtree Ind. Blvd., heading toward Duluth!  I watched it pass the Holiday Inn Hotel at Holcomb Bridge and PIB it then started to pick up speed but continue flying along PIB. I watched this object until it looked like a black spot in the sky.  After it got up in the Duluth area, it appeared to stop at the bottom right of the sun!  The sky was blue and free of clouds this morning and this object was completely black.  I know people traveling up and down PIB had to see it.  Anyone in Chic-fila’s drive thru, anyone coming in -out of Paneras had to notice it. It was large to miss!  If anyone seen this Object that morning please report it, I would like to know what it was.  I have never seen anything like this before.  It was Strange & Scary! ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the report is a hoax.  Witness indicates a date of September 31, which does not exist.  We have amended the date above witness does respond to e-messages or telephone messages.  PD));33.92132;-84.1906743589742
