My wife and I were driving south on highway 141 in Norcross, Ga when we spotted an illuminated object that demonstrated incredible acce;1999-11-21 17:03:00;30 Sec;My wife and I were driving south on highway 141 in Norcross, Ga when we spotted an illuminated object that demonstrated incredible acceleration. The object was moving south toward Atlanta, it hovered than accelerated at incredible speed and appeared to drop in altitude, then hovered again to a point that appeared to be just above the southern horizon, then we drove behind some trees and lost it. My wife thought it was a disc, but I can't say, I'm not sure. It appearted illuminated by the setting sun. I did not see any aircraft lights. I have never seen anything like it. I could't believe my eyes. But, my wife said that I wasn't seeing things.;33.92132;-84.1906743589742
Loud strange noise in the sky over Peachtree Corners Georgia;2017-07-28 11:00:00;3 minutes;Loud strange noise in the sky over Peachtree Corners, Georgia. This morning, Friday, July 28, 2017, around 11 am, I was sitting at my computer in my back bedroom.  I could hear this strange noise far off and I was wondering what it was.   At first, I thought maybe it was an airplane, but the sound was just so odd, I remain sitting as the sound became louder, I wanted to get up and go look out my sunroom window (like I usually do}, but for some reason, I just couldn't move!  As the noise got louder, I could tell that it was coming closer to my location and it was moving fast.   Finally I jumped up and ran into my living room and looked out my sunroom window, by the time I reached my window I could tell that it was passing over my apartments and moving fast.  Once I pulled back my blinds I notice that the sky was hazy and there were 2 Gwinnett County Police Officers facing in my direction and looking in the sky.   First, I was surprised because I had no idea that the Police was outside, and secondly I immediately notice them looking up in th! e sky with a shocked look on their faces.  They seems shocked and confused and one of them had his mouth open like WTH is that!!   I noticed that the noise had all of a sudden stopped and I could no longer hear it.  I tried to scan the limited amount of sky in my view and that's when I noticed how Hazy the sky was.  I watched the Police for a few minutes to see what they was going to do.  They both stayed focus on the sky and finally turn to one another and started talking, after a few more minutes of talking, one got into his car and left and went to another locations by the security gates.   The second Police officer stayed behind for a few more minutes, and then they both followed each other out the complex.  I have no idea what they were looking at, but I'm certain that whatever that weird loud noise was in the sky, they saw it!  No doubt in my mind because I can't forget the shocked look on their faces!!   After they left, I called my cousin, who had gone to Publix grocery store to see if he heard that strange LOUD noise because I cou!d tell that it was coming from that direction (141& Holcomb bridge) toward me (Holcomb bridge Rd toward Peachtree Corners).  He immediately said that they could hear it, but no one knew what it was!!  There is a lot of strange objects in the sky in the Peachtree Corners area, on any day at any time you can witness them.  I noticed that if you have sunglasses on, you will be able to see them clearly,  I have taken my sunglasses off and I could barely see them, but once I put them back on, I can plainly see them.  They do disappear, which makes it hard to capture them on video or take pics.  I don't worry too much because I know I will see them again because they are ALWAYS flying around.  I was able to capture one on video on July 10, however this particular object has been around for years so I wasn't too concern about getting the video but I decided to take it anyway before it disappeared because it will disappear on you and reappear somewhere else.;33.92132;-84.1906743589742
Loud noise with windy air like if a helicopter was going to land/no helicopters or planes around.  ((anonymous report));2018-01-23 10:00:00;15 minutes;Loud noise with windy air like if a helicopter was going to land/no helicopters or planes around. Heard a loud windy noise above my workplace went outside and it felt like if a large fan was blowing it lasted for 15min.  There was no planes or helicopters around. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.92132;-84.1906743589742
