Possible UFO sighting in Garrison New York;2002-10-26 21:30:00;10 minutes;Possible UFO sighting in Garrison New York I saw an array of red lights through the woods behind my house - hovering, some of the red lights were blinking. There was no sound. I couldn't see the outline of the object - just the lights but there is no tower or even any houses for miles. I came into the house after seeing the lights in a stationary position for about 5-10 minutes and when I came out again they were gone.I'm an RN - have never seen a UFO and am not even sure they exist. ((NUFORC Note:  We received a similar report from a commercial/instrument pilot in Vero Beach, FL, for an object there, seen moving to the north.  Sighting in FL occurred at 1920 hrs. on 26OC02.  PD));41.3631;-73.9203
This was a brief but very interesting sighting. I live in a valley. Our house sits about halfway up on one of the sides. It was summer;2018-07-10 23:00:00;5 seconds;This was a brief but very interesting sighting. I live in a valley. Our house sits about halfway up on one of the sides. It was summer and was bedtime. I was getting ready for bed and my wife had already gotten into bed with the lights out. As I was walking through the bedroom, I caught a glimpse of two golden orange orbs floating through the valley. They were next to each other and I am telling you, they were going for a little exploration together or something of the like. I explain in other orb stories that I have written that the orbs have a personality you notice it immediately. You can almost “see” their character. It’s as if they were going on a stroll together up the valley and conversing along the way. Their movement was at a slow pace and not so much in a straight line, kind of wavey. I would estimate that their size was about the size of a volleyball. The light was not that bright, it was more of a glow. The window That I was looking out at them! through was small, so I lost view of them as they traveled past quite quickly. I ran into the other room to try and see them but lost sight of them.;41.3631;-73.9203
