It was around 6:30 in the evening and the sun was setting. I was walking across my back deck towards the house when I saw large, strang;2019-10-10 17:30:00;10 seconds;It was around 6:30 in the evening and the sun was setting. I was walking across my back deck towards the house when I saw large, strange light through the bushes a way down the valley looking west. You see lights in that direction from time to time from airplanes with their landing lights on making a turn to line up with a nearby airport. This light was different though. It was a large round matte white circle. It was large. I would say it was about fifty to seventy-five feet in diameter with the distance I saw it at. I turned and walked back into the yard to get a clear view past the bushes. There are some trees at the edge of the yard and were still restricting my view but a good amount of the foliage was gone from them so I could still see. As I got down to the yard the circle of light disappeared. I had a feeling that something significant just happened though. I looked to the sky above the house looking south and two large fuzzy orbs with particle tails! shot through the sky going west down the valley. One was a little in front of the other, but they were side by side. I would say that they were about five hundred feet off the ground and about five hundred feet away from me. They were not that bright. They were dim and almost blended into the peachy colored sunset sky behind. They had tails that looked like particles of light. I would estimate that each orb was about thirty foot in diameter. It looked as if they were on a mission. They were traveling fast and looked like they knew exactly where they were going. This whole occurrence lasted about eight seconds.  So, what I believe I saw was two large orbs exiting a portal. When I noticed the large round light in the valley it immediately caught my eye. I knew in an instant that it was something out of the ordinary. As I mentioned, the round light was a matte white, not so bright but uniform in intensity and had a definite circular boundary to it. The large orbs flying through the air were beautiful. They had such a majestic look to them. These orbs were here on a mission. The way they flew through the valley was fast and in a strait line. They were going somewhere fast. Incredible. Where are they from? Where were they going? What are they doing? Are they orbs or are these actually craft that look like light?  Please believe me when I tell you, this is exactly what I saw. It was clear as day. This exists.;41.3631;-73.9203
I was out on the back deck. I was in a pretty good mood and was being a little silly. I have seen so many UFO’s or unusual things that;2020-06-15 20:00:00;12 seconds;I was out on the back deck. I was in a pretty good mood and was being a little silly. I have seen so many UFO’s or unusual things that I was kidding around by swinging my head quickly looking in directions so as to catch something. Like trying to catch it in the act. I was laughing with myself playing this game. After about seven times or so I was going to stop when to my left an orb floats in over the yard right next to the deck. It was about the size of a baseball. It was about eight feet off the ground moving about average walking speed. It was not floating in a perfectly straight line. It had a slight fluid like motion to it. It looked natural. The orb was undulating with sudden outbursts of energy. There were globs of It surging and swelling out of it but then retracting into the round shape. The undulations were short. Each one about a half second. It was a very pure white light. Very intense. Not like a flashlight shining in your face though. If you d! idn’t look right into it, you would not be bothered by it. I was looking right at it though. It was about seven feet away from me at the same height as my eyes. The undulations were about every two seconds. It had a personality. I could sense it immediately. It is a living creature. I felt that it had some anxiety or that it was a little tense. I do not know why. I think that I was hearing a slight sound from the orb when it undulated. It was kind of an energetic electric sound. The moment was so incredible that I was overwhelmed. I was looking straight into the orb but had to look away because the light was so intense. As it past right in front of me it let out it’s most intense undulation and I felt that it was looking at me. I had to bow my head to recover from the intensity for a slight moment but when I looked back up, I put my arms out and said loudly “Hey!”. I wanted to communicate with it and didn’t want it to go away. I don’t know exactly what happened at that mome! nt, but I had to look away again. I crouched down into a kneel! ing posi tion then I lifted my head up to look. The orb got spooked and started zigzagging into the sky very quickly. I watched it as it disappeared into the clouds. The whole experience lasted about ten to twelve seconds.;41.3631;-73.9203
