Mom & 3 daughters see rounded, triangular obj. w/ approx. 20 lights on leading edge streak overhead to S. Bigger than fist overhead.;1997-04-01 20:10:00;30 sec.;The caller and her three daughters were outside looking at the comet with their binoculars.  She looked at the Big Dipper, when she noticed an object moving fast across the night sky, which entranced the four of them.  The object had a rounded triangular shape to the front of it, and it had twenty or so solid, distinct white lights on the leading edge of it.  It was larger than a clenched fist at arm's length, I.e. larger than a full moon. As the object moved rapidly to the south, it just seemed to disappear from sight.  The mother ran around the house to follow it as it moved south, but it was gone from sight before she could get there.  They watched the object with binoculars, and all four of them drew its shape.;43.775056616052;-79.2355054229934
Fiery Triangular Craft Spotted Over Lake Ontario From Atop the Scarborough Bluffs;2013-06-16 00:35:00;1-2 minutes;Fiery Triangular Craft Spotted Over Lake Ontario From Atop the Scarborough Bluffs I was standing on the back porch having a cigarette with my boyfriend and his mother.  We don't smoke in the house. My boyfriend pointed to an orange/amber moving light in the sky out over Lake Ontario to the south of us.  When he first pointed it out, he said he had thought it was an amber streetlight through the trees. Then he noticed it was moving and that it was much larger and further away than he had first assumed. We all stared as the orange light, in absolute silence, steadily moved across the southern sky. Unfortunately, our vision was at times obscured by foliage from the many old and lush trees in our neighbourhood. As I saw it:  He pointed to an orange light through the leaves just above the rear-neighbour's rooftop.  There was a glowing light which appeared to be: larger than a plane a non-symmetrical, triangular shape amber yet orange, yet also reddish... like a flame moving horizontally, west to east, then to the northeast... then when we lost it, it appeared to be moving east again an even radiance, not pulsing or flashing moving indirectly, unlike the usual planes and helicopters we see. As he described it:  There was only one difference between what he saw and I saw.  At one point, he saw the one light become 3 separate lights still in a triangular position, and then merge back into the one united shape. The other two moved about the porch to maintain a better view and the two of them kept saying, &quotIt's a UFO... That's a UFO!&quot  Meanwhile, I stood dumbfounded... simply agreeing with them, saying, I know... It is.  He went to get the camera. She went through the house and out onto our street to get a less-obstructed view.  I stayed out back not wanting to lose sight of it. When my boyfriend came out with the camera we were already losing it behind the treeline and rooftops.  His mom came back out on the porch just after it had disappeared. We all spoke excitedly for a few minutes about having to check the news later on.  Then she hopped online to see if she could find anyone else talking about it.  He and I went for a walk to the edge of the Scarborough Bluffs (5 mins. away) on the off-chance we might see something else or see it again. I've always had a healthy amount of skepticism when it comes to anything I've never experienced first hand and will continue to.  A couple of hours ago I saw a UFO.  I am certain.;43.775056616052;-79.2355054229934
