Large Unknown Stationary Object With Flickering Lights Spotted Outside Of Globe Arizona;2014-03-20 00:05:00;20 minutes;Large Unknown Stationary Object With Flickering Lights Spotted Outside Of Globe Arizona At approximately five minutes after midnight, I was on patrol in the copper and gold mine in Miami arizona.  I had stopped atop a hill and was looking towards the west, when I spotted a large group of lights (just one object) that appeared straight across.  They were flickering and I seen red, what appeared to be green, and white.   At first, I thought it was a large aircraft in the distance coming towards me but after observing this for approximately 5 or more minutes it was not moving.  It appeared to be hovering around an area we call top of the world, a small community 15 miles west of Globe, Az, in the mountains, very secluded area.  I judged the lights to be approx 15 to 20 miles away from where I was.   It was a clear night with many stars visible.  I contacted our main gate dispatch center at 12:06 am and told our on duty dispatcher what I was observing.  She kinda laughed and told me earlier that night at approximately 08:30 pm she was texting with her daughter and her daughter (13 years old) said mom I see a ufo.  She told her daughter yea right but she said her daughter told her she was being serious.   Now getting back to what I seen.  After the call to my dispatch (I was inside of my vehicle when I made the call), I went back out and was still observing this object still not moving lights flickering and contacted my partner at 12:09 and told him what I was observing.  He was approximately 5 miles away and told me he could see the lights also.  He said he was going to drive about 3 miles west of my location to try get a better view.   At approximately 12:11am, I noticed what appeared to be 3 helicopters on flying below, on above and one in front fly by the area of the first spotting and continued to fly south east towards the Pinal Mountains with the two in the rear flying a lot slower.   I got back in my vehicle to make another phone call to my partner and advised him if he seen the helicopters and he reported yes he did.   When I exited my vehicle at approximately 12:15am, I noticed to object was gone, but when I looked off towards the north, northeast I noticed it again.   At approximately 12:20 am my partner got to his location and said he did not have a visual on the object.  I was at a higher elevation from my vantage point and did have a visual on the object.  The 3 what appeared to be helicopters went off over the Pinals and out of site.  At approximately 12:27am, what appeared to be a forth helicopter was flying in the area of the first sighting but then I noticed the object to the northeast was gone.  It was very interesting to me that after this object was spotted a group of aircraft (I believe was helicopters due to how they were moving) were spotted in the area looking for something.   I have been in the fire service for 25 years, and have a pretty good head on my shoulders and I know what I saw that night.   My phone was at dispatch center charging and my company phone cannot take pictures due to the confidentiality of areas I work in.;33.396;-110.861
