White bright light changing into an orange red light that flew back and forth, and then was gone.;2010-07-02 18:00:00;4 Hours;White bright light changing into an orange red light that flew back and forth, and then was gone. I have been tracking what I think may be an UFO.  I have seen this one bright light in the sky about two to three times a week for the last month. This light will show up around six at night when the sky is still blue.  When I first saw it, I thought maybe it was a satellite, but i have seen satellites, and they are usually not visible when it is pure day light.  They also blink to some extent. But the night of July 2, 2010 this light did something it has never done before.  That night there was a baseball game in my hometown.  The light has always been a really bright white light, but this night it changed from a really bright white light to a orange reddish color light. But along with me that saw this light, there was my old junior high school science teacher, someone who has seen an UFO before, or he thinks.  He is a father and grandfather, and he claimed he saw an UFO while watch the Northern Lights as a teenager.  There was also my old library teacher along with her daughter.  They all said it looked like it had moved two or three times.  So I went back to watching the ball game and when the game was over the light was gone.;41.729;-94.9117
Three different bright lights that did not move, yet when seen with binoculars had red blinking lights.  ((NUFORC Note:  Stars??  PD));2010-09-26 19:00:00;3 hours;Three different bright lights that did not move, yet when seen with binoculars had red blinking lights. About sunset we noticed a weird light in the sky. At first glance it was like a plane, yet it didn't move. It was like an oval/disk shape. We kept looking at it and noticed two other similar lights.  They just kept still and did not move.  As nightfall came they still appeared and did not move.  We then got the binoculars out.  Threw the binoculars we saw a red blinking light on these objects.  After watching them for over an hour we noticed a plane that would get close to the objects, but not directly up to them.  The plane kept moving around these objects, yet they did not move.  I eventually went to bed, and the objects were still there before I left.   I talked about what I had seen with a lady at work this morning. She had also noticed the same objects.;41.729;-94.9117
