On the night of July 15th 2008 eight unidentified crafts were seen drifting through the sky above the Fox Island Thoroughfare.;2008-07-15 19:30:00;1 hour;On the night of July 15th 2008 eight unidentified crafts were seen drifting through the sky above the Fox Island Thoroughfare. I live on a small island off the coast of Maine. My sister and I decided to take her 13 month old son fishing off of one of the docks on the thoroughfare seperating our island from another island. A friend of ours came with us and was helping us with the bait. While watching the sunset I noticed something out of the corner of my eye, which I first dismissed as a plane because they are a very common sight. But the longer I looked at it I realized something about it was different it was completely silent, going far more slower than a plane would go, and it was shaped like a pancake with no wings. I pointed it out to both my sister and my friend and at first they had the same thoughts as I did about the plane theory, but then started became curious because the longer we looked at it drift thought the sky, the more it became clear that it was nothing we had ever seen before. It had no trail behind it like most planes and jets. It was just a shiny silver pancake shape object drifting along. Within a few minutes we spotted another one, and watched as the first one disappeared into seemingly thin air. In total we saw eight of these objects over the course of an hour. At one point my friend said he thought he saw lights coming off of it, and sure enough, at least 3 of the objects had lights. There were two to each craft, extending the whole length. They would become extremely bright, then slowly dim until it looked as though the lights would shut off, then complete the process. The possibility of it being some sort of balloon is just not possible. This whole event started at 7:30 PM eastern standard time, and ended about an hour later. My friend, my sister and I are all 100% sure that the crafts we saw tonight were Unidentified Flying Objects. My sister and I are both in our twenties, and our friend is in his teens. We live simple lives on our island and have never witnessed anything like we did tonight.;44.1445;-68.8613
