two cigar shaped objects slowly crossing over road;2007-11-09 13:30:00;2 minutes;two cigar shaped objects slowly crossing over road Friday, November 9, 2007, I was driving from Eldorado, Texas to Christoval, Texas.  It was about 1:30pm and it was a very clear blue sky.  I could see two wispy white clouds, high above to my right.  I was driving north on HWY 277 near the old PAVE PAWS govt. radar facility. There was plenty of traffic heading South but I was the only one at that moment traveling North. Ahead in the distance, I could plainly see one large tree on the left side of the road.  The road turned a bit to the right and was at a higher altitude than where I was currently.   I suddenly became aware of two disks or cigars shaped objects traveling West only a few feet above the height of the tree.  But they were not as high as the height of the cell tower on the right.   I became aware of them on the right side of the road and could see them crossing over the road in front of me.  I was traveling 70 miles per hour but they appeared to be going slowly.  They were not very big.  Maybe the size of a car.  They were traveling one in front of the other. They were the color of the white clouds near by.  They almost looked invisible but I could make out their shape against the background.  It seemed forever until I arrived to the top of the small hill where the tree was and I slowed down to look toward the west.  I could not see them again on the left side of the road. The rest of the trip, I kept looking at other things trying to justify that I really saw them.  I spotted a big Texas vulture, but it still looked like a bird when I got close.  I spotted a jet across the sky with the white streak behind it but as I got closer, it still looked like a jet.  I spotted a small airplane near San Angelo, but as I got closer and it got further, it continued to look like a small plane.  I do not know what I saw, but it appeared to me like they thought they were hidden as they traveled slowly across the road. Almost like I was not supposed to have noticed them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));30.8648;-100.585
