Shimmering craft over river.;2012-08-03 03:30:00;3-5 min;Shimmering craft over river. I was catfishing in the Grand River in Eaton Rapids, MI.  The time was somewhere between 3-4 AM.  When I tilted my head back to finish the last of my Mt. Dew I noticed a perfectly round, shimmering object which appeared to be at least a thousand feet high.   I continued to watch the object for several minutes as it crossed the sky in a south west direction.  It was not going in a perfectly straight line like an aircraft would.  I would describe it as a very elongated zig zag pattern. There was no sound or flashing lights, just a solid round lit up circle.  It didn’t appear to have lights on it, it seemed as the entire object was a light.  It was not overly bright and if it were light outside it may not have even been noticeable.  If you were to hold a pencil at arm’s length it would roughly be the same diameter as the object appeared in the sky. After 3-4 minutes the object seemed to disappear but as I looked closer it had just become very thin.  It was then that I realized it must have turned on its side. A second later it appeared to begin climbing and was out of sight in the blink of an eye. It was a very clear night with a large moon.;42.5166;-84.6565
Disc shape slow moving object with red and white moving lights.;2015-05-19 04:00:00;5 minutes;Disc shape slow moving object with red and white moving lights. I had brought my dog outside as she woke me up at this unusual time for her.  I looked up at the beautiful clear night sky and then had seen lights up in the sky.  I had wiped my eyes in disbelief as I had seen a disc shaped craft with red moving lights on outside undernieth the craft with white lights next to it moving as well but not fast.  It was just above the trees about 100 feet aprox.  It was very large and moved around 25mph it was moving in the direction of NW.  It also made a sound kinda like an airplane but smoother and not as loud like a fan motor reving up and cooling down it reved up slow and down slow.  That sound is something I will NEVER forget.  I had watched it for about 5 minutes moving NW at 25mph the craft seemed so close and so large.  If I had a guess of how big it was I would say 100ft circumfrence and it seemed flat like a disc.  I have heard of these things being seen in the past but never was really sure it was for real.  Now that I have seen this I now believe even more.  I hope you take me seriously as this is not a houx.  In the past month or so I have seen these lights from a far distance but never thought anything of it.  But now it is close and very obvious of what it is.  The background was a clear beautiful star night.;42.5166;-84.6565
