Cylindrical object - highly reflective, metallic-looking surface with no dicernable features other than its shape moving east.;2014-05-17 06:45:00;5 minutes;Cylindrical object - highly reflective, metallic-looking surface with no dicernable features other than its shape moving east. I was driving south on Spring St in Wilkes Barre, when I noticed the moon was still out and hadn't yet washed away in the light from the rising sun.  I kept looking up at it as I was driving, wishing I had a camera to photograph it - I enjoy amateur astronomy and I enjoy photographing the moon.  Anyway, while I was stopped at a light on Spring St, I looked up again, and I thought I saw a fast moving commercial aircraft gliding between my view of the moon - I was just thinking about what a great shot that would make, when I realized that the plane had no wings - nor any discernible tail.  It was a very long, cylindrical object, round at both ends, and it was moving VERY quickly.  I've lived in this area my whole life, I KNOW what aircraft moving in and out of Avoca International Airport look like.  Avoca would've been north of my position at the time - this object was moving due east - maybe east/south east.  It glimmered and reflected light from the sun. It was a ! very smooth, metallic-looking object - the best description I just gave to someone a few minutes ago was that it looked like mercury moving across the sky.  I continued onto where my wife works to pick her up, and I was transfixed with this thing.  Now, this may have been a perspective thing, but I swear to God the thing stopped dead in the sky and HOVERED for a moment. I contemplated pulling over into the parking lot of Home Depot to get out of the car and look at the thing, but I continued on.  When I began ascending the hill to get to where my wife works, it went out of my view behind the building.  I had a good idea of its trajectory, so after I got my wife into the car, I drove to the other side of the parking lot to get a better view of the sky, and it was gone.  NO aircraft moves THAT quickly.  There was plenty of distance to the horizon versus the point in the sky where I'd seen it last. It was NOWHERE to be found.  The sky was mainly clear, no clouds for it to have moved! behind.  The thing was just GONE in a clear, blue sky.;41.2260402777778;-75.8200895833335
