the object we saw changed multiple colors, hovered/moved like nothing i've ever seen. It also seemed to respond to a led light i had;2008-06-15 03:00:00;15 min;the object we saw changed multiple colors, hovered/moved like nothing i've ever seen. It also seemed to respond to a led light i had myself and a friend were on our way back to my house around 2 in the morning when the car we were in got a flat tire. From the spot of the car to the sighting is around 4 miles and we were walking. We have been walking for a little over a hour or so and decided to stop for a little bit to have a cigarette and look over a bridge. After standing for a while about 5-10 minutes looking over the right side of the bridge we decided to start walking home again, when we turned to keep going I looked over the tree line to our left and there was a strange looking light, almost like a star but slightly bigger and not one solid color. As we stood and observed this object it seemed to change colors, from red to purple to blue, and so on. It seemed to be getting closer and then started moving side to side and up and down. I took a chance and grabed a white led light i have on my keychain and flashed it at the object. When i did so it seemed to move more and the lights wer! e still changing. It moved up higher to the left, back down and then went right at the speed it was moving at then like a flash dissapeared to the right. We stood in the road and decided to get out of there and as we came off the bridge i got an erie feeling and before i could say anything my friend said he saw something in the road. I thought i saw something too but it was so dark i coulden't tell. We had stopped in our tracks from the first time we decided to stop for about a half an hour now and not one car or truck had gone passed us. We couldent turn around or go any other direction so we started to run towards what we thought we saw in the road. Either we scarred it or there was nothing in the road so we continued on our way home. The next day on our way to my house in my car this time there seemed to be the same light changing object over the lake now. When we got to my house it was still visible but by the time we got outside with a camera it was gone. At the north ! end of the lake there is an airforce base, and there is a nava! l statio n on the lake. Anything that has come from the airforce base is very loud, not as fast,and could never hover or move like the object we saw that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the source does not indicate that fact.  PD));42.5089;-77.0003
