round white lights in a slanted row.;1996-11-01 21:00:00;10-20 sec.;round white lights in a slanted row. It was approx. 9pm and my son and I were comming out my mother's back door to get in the car to leave. We both happened to look up in the western sky and saw round white lights at a vertical slant in a row and they appeared to be sort of jumpy and moving downwards when they all of a sudden vanished! I yelled for my older brother and before he got out the door, they vanished. I didn't know what to do or who to call. When I went to work the next morning, approx. 7am,I called the local sheriff department, and reported it, and he didn't take me serious at all. I later that day, saw it on the news and people from other states saw the same thing, and somebody captured it on video, so I knew it was real.;39.3379999999998;-82.9859999999998
8 big ligts in sky;2002-11-13 18:30:00;1 minute;8 big ligts in sky Me mom mygirlfriend was riding taking her home. And she told me to look up so me and me and mom did and we seen 8 row of lights in the sky . it was to fast to be a plane look to big to be an airplane;39.3379999999998;-82.9859999999998
Multicolored lights on strangely shaped object in Central Ohio South of Columbus (Ross County);2019-12-05 05:45:00;90-120 seconds;Multicolored lights on strangely shaped object in Central Ohio South of Columbus (Ross County) On December 5th, 2019 at 5:45 AM I witnessed a strange object in the sky. I always go outside in the morning. Where I live I typically see many airplanes every day. I think, but am not certain, that there are at least two airports over the hills across from my front porch, but they are pretty far away. The airplanes are easily identified and even if there are military planes running drills in the area, they are easily indentified and are all objects/vehicles I have seen dozens of times over my life. What I saw this particular morning, was not any of these vehicles, it was something truly strange. When I walked outside that morning, it was partially cloudy, but you could still see large sections of the still starry sky. What initially drew my attention was a unique cluster of shooting stars, they were in a group of three with one ahead of the other two, almost in a formation like how ducks or geese fly. I thought it was pretty cool as I see shooting stars all the time, but never in this type of grouping. The whole sighting of the shooting stars literally lasted less than 15 seconds. Immediately following this though there was an odd series of lights that came out from behind a cloud. I assumed the object to be very high in the sky as it was quite far being above the clouds and the object was a little bit larger than the shooting stars. I do not know, but personally do not believe, that the shooting stars and this object had anything to do with one another, it was just coincidental, at least in my opinion. As for the appearance of the object, it was quite weird. I could not tell if I was looking at the underside of an object, an object on its side, or a side view of a flat object. Closer to the ground seemed to be a very bright yellow light with glints of red emitting from it, but it reminded me of an upside down lightbulb. This light was constant and was not blinking, it was not the same brightness or consistency of the airplane or helicopter lights I have seen all the time. If this was the only part of it, I probably wouldn't have given much thought other than thinking it was a little strange, but the rest of the object was really odd. It looked like an almost sail shape, like you see on a child's toy sailboat. There were many multicolored lights, the lights were constantly on and did not blink. They also changed color, but more like they faded from one color to a different color, not like Christmas lights, it's hard to explain. They were in the colors of red, ye! llow, orange, a bluegreen color, and a sort of teal blue color. There weren't any of the lights that ever blinked, they all stayed constant, with the exception of the sail lights that would change to other colors by some sort of process that I guess is like color changing. It's hard to explain. In any case, I think we are under or at least can view, a pretty heavy air traffic lanes, I see aircraft and vehicles alot, this object was not any of those. It did not make a sound, or at least none that I could hear, what with it being so far away or high in the sky. It moved quickly across and then another cloud obscured my view and I did not see it again. I waited for about ten minutes and even though the clouds moved on, I did not see the object anymore. I have not seen it before and I have not seen it since. I am not sure what it was, but I did think it was important for there to be some record that someone somewhere saw this object.;39.3379999999998;-82.9859999999998
