25-30 white pulsating objects with red glow moving North to South viewed in University Place, WA;2019-10-12 20:19:00;12 minutes;25-30 white pulsating objects with red glow moving North to South viewed in University Place, WA MULTIPLE UFO SIGHTING October 12, 2019 20:19 HOURS UNIVERSITY PLACE, WASHINGTON  This evening while taking out the trash I and my wife observed numerous objects, all shaped the same, low in the Eastern sky traveling slowly from North to South with slowly pulsating white lights and a reddish glow around the perimeter. As our house is situated on a Western downhill slope facing the Puget Sound the objects seemed to rise into view from the North and proceed in a relatively quick manner to the South. The objects made no sound that could be discerned from our location.  As the objects proceeded South, they would eventually dim and disappear. It was a quiet evening with clear skies with a high ceiling.  Where we live is near Joint Base Lewis McChord and we are very familiar with the various aircraft that fly in the area skies and the sounds associated with the aircraft used by the base.  These objects were not rotary or fixed wing aircraft using the regular flight paths as when they do there IS a discernable sound that can be heard for many miles. If the objects were a considerable distance away then their transit from North to South was pretty rapid and their disappearance was as though they went into a cloud bank however, after discussing the disappearance with my wife, we both agreed that they faded and blinked out. This event lasted for about 10-12 minutes and consisted of approximately 25, to as high as 30 objects. I took two still photographs and nearly three minutes of video of the event.  I thought that I had captured more of the event unfortunately, when I switched from camera to video, I neglected to start the recording. I am a retired Firefighter/Paramedic and very used to seeing unusual things, events or situations and accurately documenting my observations.  This is a first for my wife and me.  We hope that this was not some kind of hoax perpetrated in celebration of Halloween resulting in a colossal waste of time and resources.;47.2013;-122.5711
