07/04/11 - University Place, WA - Spherical UFO with vertical running electric flames on the side of the craft;2011-07-04 22:00:00;3-5 minutes;07/04/11 - University Place, WA - Spherical UFO with vertical running electric flames on the side of the craft On the evening of July 4th, 2011 my family and I were shooting fireworks legally at a park called: Cirque/Bridgeport Park in the city of University Place, WA. University Place is just south of Tacoma, WA. It was 10 PM and dark. The lights in the park had just shut off, so I do know it was just about dead on 10PM. There was no detectible wind at all.  I was looking directly south, (I know this because the road entrance goes directly North-South.)  I just verified this on a map so that I would be absolutely sure. An object was heading due south running parallel to this entrance road.  I immediately knew this was no aircraft.  It had none of the required FAA lighting on the craft.   I am an amateur astronomer and an aircraft enthusiast since I was young. I can tell you what a B-25, B17, Lancaster, 707, F-22 Raptor, etc. all look like.   The first thing I noticed is that it was spherical in nature and had these flames surrounding it.  I immediately thought, bolide.  No.   As it was at my highest Zenith point to me, approximately 80 degrees over the western horizon it had no tail or flames at all trailing behind it.  The flames were a dark reddish hue, hugging the craft on the sides and seemed to have an electric/plasma effect to it that made them appear to adhere to the craft in vertical, striped patterns.   The way that I can further explain this effect, is this: In an old TV set, there is a yoke on the back of the picture tube directing a scanning electron beam to the front.  This is what the vertical electrical/plasma pattern was appearing to me to give off this unusual visual effect.  It was to me an electromagnetically controlled plasma. This above explained reddish pattern would be replaced by a more yellowish underlying glow that would switch back in forth, pulsing every 3-5 seconds.  I just timed this in my video. Now I will try to describe the size, speed, and trajectory as best that I can.  I was the first to see this between the three of us.  I was looking north.  I would say it was approximately 60 degrees above the Northern horizon, and ever so slight West by approximately 2-5 degrees.   When I first saw it, I would say it was the size of a pea at arms length.  But when it came at our Zenith my 13 yr old son said it would about the size of a penny at arms length.   I could not see this because I was busily trying to keep this centered & steady on my camera from this point forward.   Speed was steady the whole time, never wavering at all and was completely silent.  The height is almost impossible to determine in the dark!   But the one thing that I would say, is it appeared not to be more that 20-30 feet in diameter.   The trajectory is the easy one.  It flew directly in front us in an exact North South direction following parallel to that entrance road.  Speed is a little tougher, but it did appear a consistent speed that maybe a private 2 engine Lycoming engine based aircraft would be doing while it was in cruise. The entire sighting I would estimate to be 3-5 minutes in length in which it traversed 150 degrees of the sky.  We saw it until it completely disappeared into the southern horizon.   When I was a young boy I saw 2 bolides in the sky flying in parallel, one slightly ahead of the other with 2 long flaming trails.  This was even more fascinating!  My conclusion in all of this is that it was constructed and controlled.  I need not speculate any further.;47.2013;-122.5711
Brilliant flickering orange sphere flies over, then hovers and then shoots straight up punching hole through clouds.;2012-01-01 22:45:00;2 min;Brilliant flickering orange sphere flies over, then hovers and then shoots straight up punching hole through clouds. This incident occurred as I was taking out the garbage cans to the street edge at 10:45pm Sunday night. The weather had a slight fog, with a thin layer of clouds covering approximately 50% of the sky. I saw what I initially thought was an aircraft approach from the east at an altitude of approximately 1000-1500ft.  As this object approached closer to my position, I noticed it was giving off a brilliant orange color and had a spherical shape. It had no navigation or running lights (I am a former private pilot) It moved probably no faster than 60mph in my estimation. This object radiated the most brilliant and pure color of orange I have ever seen.  It flickered as it moved, as a road flare flickers when burning. The object emitted no noise whatsoever. It was quite obviously spherical, with no projections anywhere. It made a slow arching turn from its initial flight path right toward where I was standing, slowed and then stopped almost nearly directly above me (staying at ~1500ft altitude).  The object hovered for no more than a few seconds.  Suddenly, this object flew straight up punching a hole directly through the cloud layer (est. 2000 ft) above it.  It flew to an altitude to where it was a pinpoint in less than 2 seconds. Notes/Impressions:  - Aircraft flight patterns in my area are generally from the the South to North (To/from SeaTac airport)  - This object I witnessed came from the east (from over Tacoma proper) which is unusual in my area unless it is a military aircraft from McChord AFB  - There was a few aircraft flying in the area at the time of this incident.  I would say there is a good chance a pilot flying in the area saw this object.  - Other people in my area at the time must have seen it.  The glow was quite brilliant.  - I got the impression it knew I was looking at it.  - The color of orange this thing emitted was extremely pure like coherent light from a laser - ie. the pure red or green you see from a laser. Not like an aircraft navigation light.  - The faster it moved the more it seemed to flicker  - I am aircraft/military buff and can recognize most civilian and military aircraft.  I have never seen an object like this one. It flew outside the performance envelope of any aircraft I have known about.;47.2013;-122.5711
Glowing orange white sphere gliding over the trees.;2012-05-29 03:51:00;7 mins;Glowing orange white sphere gliding over the trees. I had got up to let the dog out and he didn't want to go out so I stepped outside and noticed a glowing orange white light over the back yard above the trees.   It didn't make a sound. In fact the air was quiet with no frogs croaking.  The sky was clear.  If I held out my pointer finger the object would be the smaller than a #2 pencil eraser.  As I watched it fly it seemed to wobbled for lack of a better word just slightly.  As it moved across the sky North by slightly East when it got behind the tree it made a slight right and proceeded on a more Easterly course.   I live under one of the flight paths at Sea Tac Airport and an occasional fly by from Joint Base Lewis McChord but this wasn't one of those aircraft.  As I watched it fly away when it disappeared from view the neighbors dog barked and the frogs started croaking again. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded to us to be quite serious-minded and objective in her description of the object.  PD));47.2013;-122.5711
Orange orb flies erratically and flickers over my dog and I in a field.;2018-10-24 22:20:00;2 minutes;Orange orb flies erratically and flickers over my dog and I in a field. Preface:  I am a former private pilot, so I am very familiar with aircraft, civilian and military. I was walking my dog through a field next to a local church on Christmas Eve evening while the church was letting out.  I estimate the cloud base that evening was approx. 1000-1500ft AGL with scattered clouds. I saw an object approaching me from the NW (Narrows Bridge area here).  Object was spherical in shape and emitted a brilliant, extremely coherent orange glow.  I could see no other projections, wings, navigation lights, etc.  Being so bright it was hard to estimate its size, but my best guess is between 1-4 meters in diameter.  The object made zero noise. As it approached my direction it just skimmed the bottom of the cloud layers, moving through cloud material and lighting it up with the same orange color it was emitting.  It sped up and slowed down erratically and quickly, moving very much as a living creature would as apposed to human aircraft or drone would.  There was very little wind that night, so I doubt it was any type of lighter than air object.  I estimate it varied in speed from 40-100mph for the entirety of my sighting.  It never changed altitude. (~1000-1500ft)  As the object got closer it did a gradual turn to the south and moved parallel to my location.  It flickered as it moved.  When it was moving slower the flicker rate was slower, as it sped up it flickered faster, and at a certain point it flickered so fast as to smooth out and appear as a steady light. Oddly, my dog actually looked up at it and barked at it. He really never barks or even notices aircraft for that matter. It was quite strange. I always carry a military grade 1000 lumen flashlight with me when I walk the dog at night, so as it went by I shined my light at its direction at full power, then switched it to strobe mode to see if I could 'get its attention' – it didn't seem to take notice of me or react in any way.  It continued south for another 30 seconds then turned to the south-west and faded away in the distance. I found it somewhat odd no one in the nearby parking lot seemed to notice the object flying over.  As far as I could tell no one was looking up at it but me. I should note, this is the second time in my life I have seen a glowing orange orb type object.  The exact same type of object flew right over me in 2012.  (I'm 51 years old as of this date);47.2013;-122.5711
