The even occurred North of Mt Calvary Rd on Old 85 on April 14, 1977. I left the library at UNC-Greensboro just about 10 pm to drive h;1977-04-14 23:00:00;10 minutes;The even occurred North of Mt Calvary Rd on Old 85 on April 14, 1977. I left the library at UNC-Greensboro just about 10 pm to drive home to Thomasville, NC. I drove to Old 85 at Holden Road and headed south toward Thomasville. Immediately when I got on Old 85 I saw a bright orb in the sky far away to the south but along the path of the highway. The light was mesmerizing. I watched it intently as I drove the approximately 19 miles home. I did not even listen to the radio (unusual). I watched as the orb would disappear as I went down hills and reappear then I got up the hills. I assume it was just above the tree line. The orb grew brighter and larger.  After passing the Jacob street overpass on old 85, approaching the Highway crossover at the Paradise Hotel. As I approached I could see the orb was a machine hovering the the air just about the treeline. I was shocked and pulled my car onto the crossover there on 85. When I pulled in there was a 18 wheeler parked there in the me! dian at the crossover. I parked my car and got out of my car all the while watching the machine. When I got out I saw the truck driver of the parked truck standing in the crossover. I stood next to him and closely observed the hovering machine. It was saucer shaped with windows around the edge of the saucer and lights below the windows. The lights were red blue green and they came on and went off making it look like they were going around the rim of the machine. The windows were backlit. As we both stared at it in it’s silence we had not spoken a word to each other. I broke the silence and said “ Do you see that too? Do you hear anything? What is it” the truck driver said I see it but don’t believe it. It’s making me feel crazy. I don’t hear anything”. We were both calm but amazed and stunned by what we were seeing and not hearing.  I noticed the bottom of the machine was a smooth bowl shaped and was glowing an amber color. We both were just staring. Suddenly the silhouette! of a small big headed body walked to a window and seemed to l! ook down at us. I was shocked. The first thing I felt was fear. I don’t know why. I said, “What does it want?” and the truck driver said, I hope it’s not hungry.” We both panicked at the same time and ran to our vehicles and drove away in fear. I was uncanny how we both decided to leave suddenly at the same time. It did not seem like we stood there long but it took me an extra 45 mins. to get home that night. Lost time, I guess. The next night there was a huge multicar wreck at the very same place. I imagined the machine must have come back and caused the wreck. I have told only a few people about this because it sound crazy. My close encounter of the 3rd kind changed my life. I have no doubt about what I saw and I am convinced we are visited continually but extraterrestrials.;35.8726;-80.0929000000006
Round disk hovering with bright blue lights that changed to blue, red, yellow and green.;2013-04-15 21:30:00;4 minutes;Round disk hovering with bright blue lights that changed to blue, red, yellow and green I was driving down Unity street and to the right of my truck I saw a round disk hovering over the tree line with bright blue lights.  Then the light went half blue and half red, then back to all blue again.  After that the lights started changing in sequence from blue, red, green and yellow.  The disk was stationary at first and then it started rocking from side to side.  Then it straightened out again, then started rocking again.  I drove forward slowly to try to get a better look and by the time I got into another clearing, it was gone.;35.8726;-80.0929000000006
