I heard a noise and looked for a plane, then I saw this.;2014-06-12 17:00:00;2-5 minutes;I heard a noise and looked for a plane, then I saw this. I heard a buzzing noise, so looked around for aircraft and saw a plane, and this square object the color of the sky almost invisible but it had 4 red lights in each corner at first 2 of the lights on the same side were blinking then only one blinked then there were just 2 red lights on one side and 4 yellow lights 2 in each corner.   The object went faster than a plane and went in an octagonal path then after circling a few times flew away into a cloud. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report provides two illustrations, which are posted to the NUFORC homepage.  PD));35.8726;-80.0929000000006
Strange rectangle shape mass floating over outskirts of our town;2014-06-12 21:30:00;2-4 minutes;strange rectangle shape mass floating over outskirts of our town I was browsing this list to see if anyone else had seen what me & my brother saw this same night.  I have been trying to figure out this whole time what exactly this thing was & was so shocked to find that someone had actually reported this thing & saw it besides us.  On this night, my brother left his house on one side of town (but on the side of town our home was located) going wherever he was going, when he phoned me to tell me about this incredible thing he was looking at as we speak.  Some big square/rectangle like object just slowly cruising through the sky not far from the ground.  I listened & payed him no mind really as he can be kind of goofy at times.  But I did hear him out only because he sounded so ecstatic while telling me.  Shortly after, I had to leave to go to my daughters house, (also on the same side of town as me) when I turned on one of the streets to get there, as I approached the bridge I noticed a big foreign object in the sky. Exactly the! description the person reported in this list, almost invisible but only because it blended into the night sky & I was only able to make out some strange rectangle like shape in an upright position just cruising on over the bridge right above me as I slowed to a crawl continuing underneath it. I watched this thing float over the bridge from right to left as I passed under it. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  It amazed me so that the only thing I could think to do was to call my brother as fast as I could & tell him what I had just witnessed.  I only had a cheap flip phone at the time & was not able to catch a picture, plus I was driving, riding in my car, freaked out at the sight of it anyhow.  Unfortunately, I was the only one on the road at the time.  So no one else saw it on this back road on the outskirts of town. We reside in the county.  All of us do. And it was dark. I phoned my husband immediately after, to tell him that I think I saw what my brother had just seen.  And of course I told my daughter when I arrived at her house.  ! I hate that I wasn't able to catch it on film but I did do a drawing of it as soon as I got home.  I still have that sketch & have just been sitting on it since then because I honestly believed that no one else had seen this thing other than me & my brother.  It did have huge black windows across (what I would believe to be) the front of it & only a few little flashing lights in various places along it. It was like a dark greyish color with a boxy type shape.  Like a square nose, then a vertical rectangle like body with a triangle like top but off to one side.  From my direction the triangle top would be off to the right top side. It was very strange.  No sound at all. It made no noise.  Just hovering but moving at the same time.  Slowly. I watched it as long as I could while continuing to drive & trying frantically to make a phone call to my brother until it had gone off in the distance opposite to where I was going.  I watched it until I couldn't see it anymore.  But this thin! g couldn't have been more than several hundred feet above the ground because with the bridge I was on, the thing wasn't more than 100 ft or so above me?  Or so it seemed. It was huge & seemed to float right over me?  But I'm not very good at measurements, so I can't say for sure.  I have just been curious if anyone else had seen anything similar in or around our town.  Then I found this site.  Never knew it existed til today but I am relieved to find that someone else may have witnessed this thing also.   Sorry for the long, drawn out story...I am just excited to be able to tell it again.;35.8726;-80.0929000000006
