2 sighting a month apart, 1st being red lights engulfing my car, 2nd being 3 triangle crafts in a circle formation with white lights.;1979-04-01 22:00:00;2 minutes;2 sighting a month apart, 1st being red lights engulfing my car, 2nd being 3 triangle crafts in a circle formation with white lights. I stumbled across this site in an effort to find out information about some very bright red lights that hovered over my car in 1979 in Thomasville, NC.   I was driving home and red lights engulfed my car, with no noise, no sighting of craft.  I remember being scared out of my mind and driving like a maniac to reach my home about 5 miles away.  Being only 16 at the time and unaware of the silent helicopters that have red lights that the military had, of course I thought it was an alien spaceship.  I was to scared and drivng about 100 miles an hour to ever look up.  Maybe the military personal were spying inside my car thinking what a hot chick...lol.   It is sorta funny now but now knowing some of the military craft info now...it explains the event to a certain degree.  The lights did leave my car and I never knew where they went, as of course I didn't look to see in fear I was going to have a wreck, just as the dudes operating the craft probally thought themselves and laid off of me.   It wasn't a month later that I was on a date and we both saw 3 triangle shapes with white glowing lights just sitting still in the sky in a circle pattern about 2 miles from where the red light stuff happened, same road acually.  I know that were at at stand still because I compared them to the stars in the sky to see which way they were moving.  I wanted to follow them. but they were not going anywhere.  We just drove off on our way to eat.   I haven't seen anything else in my life, not that I have been looking for it!  I have found myself here and there stare into the sky looking for something strange, but not enough I guess.   I couldn't of been the only person to experience this crap.  Now with the Stealth fighter unveiled, that expains that sighting also.   I went years thinking that I had experienced a true UFO sighting(s), I am relieved now that I know facts that explain them away.  Unless a creature actually comes up to me, I will not be scared of these sightings anymore.   Being in a military state we all must understand that certain crafts have to exist and be tested in secret.  I am not saying that aliens do not exist, but to go along with most scientists, to reach Earth would be a far reach!  I do understand people's fears about the unknown, I suffered myself, for years!!!   I have no idea why these crafts were in our area of NC...about 3 hours from the coast, but guessing it was just for a test run....huh? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.8726;-80.0929000000006
