Streaking, flaming object seen outside of Rosebud, Missouri;1984-07-31 19:00:00;5 minutes;Streaking, flaming object seen outside of Rosebud, Missouri My husband and I had just gotten home from our vacation in Florida and went to Rosebud, Mo. to take my husband's family their souveniers that we had bought for them. We visited with them and left for home.   We were traveling on Highway 50 heading East and as we were leaving the edge of Rosebud, Missouri, heading towards Gerald, Mo., I looked to my right, out of the passenger side window, and saw this cigar like figure that seemed to be on fire, a red, orange and yellowish flame, streaming along and traveling at the same speed that we were traveling down the highway, and it was traveling above tree level.  It seemed to be as long as a football field.   As we traveled down the highway it seemed to be angling closer to us. Then all of a sudden, it hovered above Mr. M's house and trees,right along the highwy just right in front of us, at tree top level, hovered there.   I told my husband lets get the heck out of here, and when I said that, it vanished in thin air........almost like something heard me.....… We had called a friend of ours that worked in the control tower at the Vichy, Mo. Airport and told him what we saw.  He told us that other people had called in and saw it too.  Then if I recall, on Channel 5 news, they said that it was a Russian Rocket on fire re-entering earth's atmosphere...I never heard of a burning Rocket hovering (????????????) in place for 30 seconds or so.   After that, I asked my husband, did you see what I saw and he said yes and then he asked me the same question and I answered I sure did.  Later that evening, I called my sister-in-law and told her what had happened.  She told me, oh my God, My Mom and Dad just got back from Florida and the same object had followed them home to Rosebud, Missouri.   I just wonder what that thing was???????  Something that was on a mission of some sort???????? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));38.3884;-91.3974
