Spinning, brightly-lit flying saucer approached me from across the lake;2006-05-26 03:00:00;20 minutes;Spinning, brightly-lit flying saucer approached me from across the lake I was outside at about 3 a.m. by myself at the Lake of the Ozarks in Laurie, MO. I started noticing a star randomly blinking light that was very obvious and bright. The sky then began to flash at random, like a camera, but much softer than lightning. I started noticing more activity within the stars, such as random blinking red and green lights as well as the flashing.  My attention turned back to the original blinking star. It would flash, disappear, then flicker around frantically while alternating red and green lights. After about 20 minutes of watching this the star shot abrubtly into the sky at tremendous speed, and proceeded to come across the lake at the same incredible speed.  Within about 15 seconds, I could see a flying saucer above the lake which looked to be about 350-400 feet above the ground. The main body of the ship was like an intertube ((sic)), wrapping around a circular dome on top of the ship. The intertube part had magnificent white lights, in vertical rectangular forms, surrounding it in an even pattern as it was rotating clockwise with the lights flashing in no particular pattern. The dome top was rotating the opposite direction as the intertube (counterclockwise) and had smaller, circular red and green lights surrounding it, which were also being lit up as it spun.  The outline of the ship was very clearly defined by the extremely bright lights it was emitting. It's strange though, because the lights were something I had never seen before, as if it were an energy source we couldn't even comprehend, but the lights weren't too bright to look at, even though they were by far the brightest lights i've ever witnessed. It's trajectory was perfect, flawless, as it came from the stars towards me across the lake. It was absolutely silent and moved at a rate I couldn't even describe, but was still very visible and clear as it moved.  As it neared me I debated for a split second whether to stay out and see what happens or to run inside, because half of me was incredibly curious and in awe while the other half of me was more terrified than I had ever been in my life. I ran inside and woke my friend who accounts me being white as a ghost and frantically explaining what I saw.  To me, the best way I can describe what I saw, is that the stars were camoflauging some sort of ship, which then proceeded across the lake towards me uncamoflauged and in perfect sight. I got the feeling that I had seen something which I shouldn't, and that the flying saucer was actually coming towards ME, and me specifically, from across the lake.;38.2032;-92.8344
