Spherical UFO tracks vehicle;1993-04-10 13:00:00;20 minutes;Spherical UFO tracks vehicle This event took place in the year 1993. It’s been 15 years since it occurred so I don’t remember the exact date, but, it was during the spring. I am from Pharr, Texas which is a border town in the Rio Grande Valley in Texas. When I was in high school I played in a rock-n-roll band. On occasion we would take trips up to Austin and San Antonio to watch rock bands or just sight-see. Our typical route took Highway 281 up north.  On this day we had completed about two-thirds of the trip. We had passed the town of Three Rivers and were about one-third the way from Three Rivers to San Antonio. Back then this tract of road was mostly woods with some ranches and other buildings sparsely populating the land. I turned to look outside my window for no reason I being on the passenger end of the car. I looked out above the tree line and there, clear as day, was the UFO. The UFO was a perfect sphere, its surface appeared something liked polished aluminum and its diameter was approximately between 7-8 ft. At first I thought it might be a smudge or glare on the window because it appeared to be tracking our car perfectly, absolutely matching our speed perfectly. I adjusted my view several times to see if the image was on the window or whether it really was outside. The UFO was indeed real and flying above the tree line, apparently, tracking us. At this point, I have to admit, the realization that this thing was tracking us frightened me a bit. It’s very difficult to explain the emotions aroused by this kind of occurrence. It was quite alarming. I continued to watch this UFO for many minutes (at least 10 minutes) and then it suddenly occurred to me to tell my friend driving the car. I had been so caught up in the event I had completely ignored him. When I turned to tell him I realized he was already looking at it. He later told me that, after noticing my behavior, he had placed the car in cruise control and was switching between watching the road and watching the UFO. As I turned to once again look at the UFO it had disappeared. Amazingly we were quiet for quite a few minutes before we began talking about. My friend, in particular was quite distressed about the event. We never spoke about it again and I have only told a handful of people about it since. Incidentally, a few years later, another UFO, this one a very large cigar shaped UFO was spotted, not very high in the sky, above my house by some relatives who are also neighbors. They ran to my house to tell me, they were almost to hysterics, but by the time we went outside the UFO had disappeared. Many UFOs were seen throughout the Rio Grande Valley that year. The local news referred to it as a UFO flap. That was the first time I heard that term. I have always wondered if the fact that two UFOs were seen around me was just coincidence or not. I have not been abducted or anything of the sort, in fact I don’t believe alien abductions actually occur, but I have to admit, a bit embarrassingly, that, ever so often , I look up to the sky, a little afraid, wondering if anything up there is watching me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));28.4764;-98.1808
