I was on my way to work, when I spotted a VERY low flying air craft with very bright lights traveling quite slowly across the sky.;2005-02-12 07:00:00;2-3 minutes;I was on my way to work, when I spotted a VERY low flying air craft with very bright lights traveling quite slowly across the sky. This whole experience is quite blurry to me, I must point out before going on.  I'm not sure why, but it's rather hard for me to recall for some reason, what reason I myself am unsure.  I speculated it might be because a portion of my memory had been erased, or possibly I was just tired (though I'm am a big alien nut and seeing an alien air craft, no matter how tired I was, wouldn't be enough for me to forget).  Anyway...  I was on my way to work and it was around 6:50 in the morning.  I start work at 7:00.  I had just pulled in the long driveway that leads both to my boss's house and to her dog kennel where I worked when I spotted something very bright in the sky to my left.  I watched it as I drove slowly down the driveway and soon I realized it was coming my way.   I pulled into the parking lot and hurriedly opened the door just as the thing came over above me, flying low to the ground and at a slow pace.  It's so fuzzy to me now to try and recall, but I remember walking towards the building where I work, thinking, Oh, it's just an airplane, but knowng that it couldn't be, especially since I heard no noise, like the engine an airplane would make.   The craft was large and circular, from what I recall.  Lights were very bright and large underneath it and illuminated parts of the ship.  I'm not sure why, but I watched it as I opened the door to the building and stepped inside, dismissing it, almost as if I was forced to think nothing of it.  In fact, once I stepped inside, I nearly forgot about the whole thing completely.  It wasn't until much later that I even remembered anything at all.  This seems odd to me since something of that magnitude wouldn't normally be something someone would forget so easily.   The aircraft, whatever it was, was gone within minutes since I had stepped outside once again to unlock the gates and it was no longer in site.  I wish I could remember more, and the memories I do have are clouded for some reason, but it's all I've got. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));41.4385;-90.4658
