Strange Object Flying Over Norwood;2012-01-06 17:45:00;2 minutes;Strange Object Flying Over Norwood I had just got out of work at 5 p.m. January 6th  2012.  As I was driving home in between the time of 5:30 and 5:50 p.m.  I had passed 93 South to merge back to Route 1 in Massachusetts.  When I started to get close to exit 11B, I saw a string of lights in the sky in the top left corner of my windshield. The lights where in a straight line and flashed.  I would say it looked like an old camera flash going off in the far distance.  The row of lights where about 10 individual lights that went went off at the same time.   At first I thought it was a plane and I continued driving getting closer to exit 11B.  Because of the time, traffic became congested and my car was going maybe 5 mph if at all.  As I looked up all of a sudden there was a huge craft of some some sort floating right across the highway from my left and crossed into the woods to my right.  What was strange about this object was that it wasn't hovering like a helicopter or pushing air to keep itself up.  The object was steady when floating across and it never wavered.  The object floated right across the street with no disturbance to any cars.  The object was moving so low and so slow that I was able to see what it looked like from its underside.   There were 3 white lights in the form of an Isosceles triangle, one blue orb in the middle which color looked like a car high beam blue, and a small red dot near the white light near the top.  Besides the lights, I could not see what the object was made out of.  It looked darker than black.  It looked like a moving shadow.  Light did not reflect on its surface.   The object was rather large in comparison to my sedan.  The object was as big as two sedans parked next to each other.  The object was no higher than the exit sign above me, which I estimate to be somewhere between 100 to 200 feet in the air.   I was in too much shock to take any video with my phone.   Once the object moved into the woods the object came to a halt then just started  to flash in the wooded area to my right.   As traffic started to move again, I continued to move forward while the object above ground continued to flash. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sincere and credible.  PD));42.1897;-71.2048
