Transparent object of unknown origin, exhibiting previously unknown capabilities, appears overhead.;2001-10-22 00:35:00;7 seconds;Transparent object of unknown origin, exhibiting previously unknown capabilities, appears overhead. October 22, 2001 12:35 AM I was looking straight up in the sky when I noticed that the sky appeared to be moving. I looked closer, and noticed a triangular object that appeared to be transparent, and outlined in lights.  The lights were 1/2-1/4 the light of the nearest stars. The body of the craft moved from the 90 degree angle that it first appeared to me, to approx. 45 degrees on the Southern horizon before disappearing (it became too hard to see-IT DID NOT SPEED OFF). The body of the craft fluctuated, acting as if it were floating atop the waves in the ocean. The lights all appeared to be fixed to the craft, and moved in unison with body. The craft appeared to be bigger than a full moon in size. The craft appeared to be moving steadily, and my view of it lasted approximately 7 seconds. What was interesting, is that it seemed like you could look through the body of the craft, and see the sky behind it.;42.9957999999999;-89.5499
Flying translucent triangle shape and transformer explosion.;2016-03-29 20:25:00;30 seconds;Flying translucent triangle shape and transformer explosion My daughter, girlfriend and I were walking east up the hill in Badger Prairie Park in Verona, Wisconsin, on 3/29/16.  It was a dark night with low cloud cover, and the soccer field was lit up on one side of the hill and the baseball diamond on Verona Road was lit up as well.  It was approximately 8:20-25pm or so.  The light from the baseball diamond lit up the hill behind us and cast our shadows on the hill. I suddenly noticed some dim movement up in the sky near the baseball diamond.  It looked like a triangular outline of squarish shapes that moved together in unison.  It was very difficult to make out and appeared translucent at times.  It moved across and over where we were standing and changed shape somewhat as it moved, almost appearing to be wavy like the surface of water with sunlight on it.  It looked like it was either reflecting or creating some sort of dim light, which we agreed was cream-colored. We considered what it could have been, ruled out migratory birds, but it possibly could have been a large bunch of balloons tied together in a line.  The wind was blowing fairly strongly and whatever it was was moving in the direction of the wind.  The shapes suddenly disappeared, but it could have vanished into clouds, it was very difficult to see. It is possible that what we saw could have been some reflection off the clouds by the bright lights that were shining on both fields.  But what made it even more strange, after seeing that and us wondering what it could be, was that maybe 45 seconds later an enormous explosion occurred on Verona Avenue, lighting up the entire sky.  It was obviously a transformer – sounded like one and lit up the sky like one, and I have seen two others – and it wiped the power out on both fields and much of the city (when we got back our power had been out as well).  Fire and rescue responded, which we got to see from the height of the hill. I just looked up the Fire Department site, and they reported two incidents 3 minutes apart that are documented in the links below in their online reports.  These would have been within the path of the flying thing, judging by the trajectory that it was going when we saw it.  We could also see the sirens that responded to the “alarms” from where we were standing. http://www.veronafire.com/incidents/detail/334598 http://www.veronafire.com/incidents/detail/334599  In general, the way this shape moved and looked in the light, which was very unnatural looking and not like anything we had seen before, as well as the timing of the exploding transformer, my gf and I both thought that this merited us reporting it.;42.9957999999999;-89.5499
