BRIGHT RED OBJECT DECENDS/THEN TURN BRIGHT GREEN/BLUE AND SHOOTS OFF!;2003-10-12 00:00:00;8-10seconds;BRIGHT RED OBJECT DECENDS/THEN TURN BRIGHT GREEN/BLUE AND SHOOTS OFF! Alright my friends and i often frequent the mountain in our town due to there never being anything to do.  We like to just sit out in certain spots and listen to music talk about our days we do this sometimes up to 1am.   So on october the 12 Sunday i remember specifically because we were whining about working the next day.  My friend Greg and I were sitting in his truck facing North East. I have seen NUMEROUS shooting stars i have watched meteor showers and this was no shooting star!   So about 12:00am we were listening to music when out of the corner of my left eye From the north west direction I see a Burning red light falling SLOWLY in a parallel motion it fell so slow that i had time to look over It was intense red like it had just burned in from the atmosphere almost?   Then it stops turns the brightest of green and fly in the north east direction paralell once again and vanishes in a brilliant greenish/blue flash.  This happened in a matter of seconds but a shooting start wouldnt have give me time enough to look before it burnt out and sure as heck wouldn't have shot back into the sky!  I looked at my friend Greg and said GREG i just saw some craziness, he said huh?  He hadn't seen it, but told me he HAS scene the same type of thing in our town before, so being me i ask around to other people id say about 5 people i asked have seen some mysterious flying object here.  We are 40miles from Edwards Airforce base but 20 miles from Lockead Skunk Works.  All i can say is i have been searching to see one since i was a boy in New Mexico would stare out of windows forever at 5 years old and now 15 years later i see it not expecting to :)  We aren't alone and this is for sure:)  100billion stars in our milkyway galaxy they say, and there could be up to 400billion in it but 300 of which we cannot detect and each star could possably be surrounded by a Earth like planet figure the equation :);34.4857;-118.192
