it was like they knew i was watching them.;1994-01-15 23:00:00;30 mins;it was like they knew i was watching them. Well I was on the porch smoking a cigarette looking at the stars, I was looking at a mountain side which was a big black silhouette against the night sky and stars, when I noticed one what I thought was a star blinking.  The elevation I can only guess but over 10,000 feet. Then as I watched it, it started to descend in a straight line. It stopped at the top of the mountainous ridgeline.  This whole time it appears as one white light.  Then it began to I don’t know how else to put it, but it began to traverse the ridgeline following it topographically if that makes sense.  I was amazed. I have served in the US Forrest Service as a firefighter and I have seen mountains and ridgelines all up and down California, the only thing I have seen is a D-9 CATAPILLAR that can literally roll up and over a mountain.  And I know this wasn’t that, you can hear a CAT, this thing was silent. So anyway it was on the ridgeline and it was moving closer. I went inside my cabin and woke a camping buddy, I brought him out to the porch and asked him, ‘you see that?’ what is it man? He said, ‘I don’t know’. Then when it stopped on the ridgeline, in a direct straight line from where we were standing I got scared and so did my buddy, when it turned it presented two bright lights like a car. But there were no roads and no cars that I ever seen that could possibly be where this thing was. Then it started to descend the mountain side.  Smooth, slow, and silent.    My Buddy ran inside the cabin and got in bed. I had to see how far it would come so I waited outside and watched it.  Well, it came all the way down to the corner of the block which was around 30 feet from where I was standing. I couldn’t see a shape of a craft because the lights were so bright, then the two main lights split, like the Indian GOD with the many arms lights came out 3 on each side. So from two lights it split into six lights.  That really scared me so I went back into the cabin and I told my buddy, ‘hey bro that ((word deleted)) thing is out there, it’s coming.  So I held the door closed from the inside, like I barred it with my boot and shoulder. Looking out the window I saw it pass but the lights were so bright, when I tried to see the craft as it passed me all I could see was a black void.  Then it floated off into the trees executing a quick right then a left turn and it took off into the sky at a low angle and it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.4857;-118.192
Bad weather and overcast skies make a great place to test  they're new toys;2008-04-24 16:45:00;15 sec;Bad weather and overcast skies make a great place to test they're new toys Driving home from work in rainy weather on the 14 Antelope valley Freeway around 4:45 pm around the 24th of April, 2008.   I saw in the top left corner of my windshield 3 fighter jets in formation (2 in the front 1 in back) and they were doing a u-turn and heading back over the thick cloud cover of the Antelope valley, and they were going really fast.  I worked on F-14 Tomcats in the Navy and have lived in Lancaster, Ca.  since 1991 and consider myself very observant of the sky around me   (I guess that’s from working on a flight line and liking astronomy ) and I have seen many things in the sky like test flights of new designs, Space Shuttles, Stealth planes and even the giant triangle also on a rainy night.  But these 3 jets which were unmarked one dark gray, one med. gray and one white were in hot pursuit of another vehicle that looked almost as big as the two front fighters and it was vibrating really vibrating so much I could hardly make o! ut the grayish color of the craft and the x-wing kind of shape the vibration was making, It looked like a disk or a single edged  shape.  Because I’ve seen so many things in the sky here I never knew how to report it, I just thought everybody saw this stuff ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.4857;-118.192
