Was walking dog with my fiance and an airliner was passing overhead. We were looking at it and its flashing lights, which is a common s;2006-10-27 19:30:00;30 seconds;Was walking dog with my fiance and an airliner was passing overhead.  We were looking at it and its flashing lights, which is a common sight as we are near the Bangor Int'l. Airport.  We noticed however an ever brightning star behind the plane.  It was getting so bright it drew our attention to it.  It grew in brightness to the point a halo formed around it.  It was at its brightest about half the size of the full moon.  It suddenly dimmed to a glowing red ball of light that slowly started to move away and then seemed to accelarate up and away very quickly to the northeast.  I am former military and have flown on both civilian and military aircraft.  I've spent considerable time on military airfields and am quite familiar with a/c of all types, including the stealth fighter and B2.   I also have an interest in astronomy and am familiar with meteors, comets, etc.  What I and my fiance saw was unlike anything I have ever witnessed. It has left me frustrated feeling like after seeing something so incredible there should be something more.  Hope you find this report helpful in some way.;44.7871;-69.4022
Bright orange light over the tree lines.;2012-08-09 22:00:00;5+ minutes;Bright orange light over the tree lines. At approximately 10 p.m. we noticed a bright orange light coming across the tree line and seemed to be going up. It seemed as though it would move forward a little then stop and move forward and stop.  Then the lights started to fade as if it was going behind or above the clouds.  There was no sound at ALL.  About an hour latter a plane went by, we could not see the plane at all, but we could defiantly hear it.  So for this orange light to be as low as it was and make not one single sound then disappear seems to be very strange.;44.7871;-69.4022
Bright Light drifting across sky turns reddish and disappears in heavens;2016-09-30 20:00:00;45 seconds;Bright Light drifting across sky turns reddish and disappears in heavens I was taking a walk in town and it was a clear night about 8 p.m.  I noticed a bright white light in the sky, appeared to be quite far away, straight above, but a bit brighter than a star.  It was moving about the speed of an airplane, but no flashing lights on it.  About 45 seconds watching it, it turn red and slowly disappearing in the heavens and was gone from view as it was still above me.  I am thinking it may have been a satellite, but have not seen a plane disappear like that.  The red glow at the end may be reflection from the sun?  Anyways, I am reporting it as it was unusual and unidentified.  If it was a satellite it was a bit closer than usual.  I have seen satellites before that appear a further distance in the heavens.  This event appeared closer and the red glow at the end was interesting before it disappeared.;44.7871;-69.4022
