My husband and I were going for ride over MT Davis, which is the highest point in PA. We love it up there because it is so beautiful an;2020-06-22 00:00:00;5 minutes;My husband and I were going for ride over MT Davis, which is the highest point in PA.  We love it up there because it is so beautiful and very rarely will even pass another vehicle. There were so many deer out that night.  We saw them every where.  They were standing along the side of the road. We saw a deer run out in front of us.  The deer stopped in the middle of the road, turned around and ran the opposite direction. We stopped.  There were deer to the left of us.  My husband held his flashlight out the window.  There was an opening between the brush and tree branches.  That is when we saw something unusual.  Neither of us said a word.  At first I had to comprehend what I was seeing.  It had it’s arm holding a tree branch above its head and it bent its knees turned and looked right at us.  When it moved, I knew I was actually seeing what I thought.It stood there staring at us and us at it.  We actually drove away from it as it stood there  .I had my camera right on my lap  .I wanted to take a picture.  I was to afraid.  I didn't know what to do.  I didn't want to piss it off. I so wish I would have taken a picture. It had big black eyes.  It's head was big but more oblong than round.  It was probably around 5 to 5 1/2 ft tall.  It was like a gray/green in color.  It had a faint glow to it.  It's upper body was small.  It's extremities were long and slender. After we pulled away my husband said that was no deer.  I said no, that was not a deer. I ask him what species would you say that was.  He said I would say that was an alien because it looks just like they show in the movies.  I said that is what I thought also. We were and still are in disbelief.  If we wouldn't have stopped right at that very spot, we would have never seen it.  We went straight home and got a brighter light.  When we got back to the spot we saw it, the deer were bedded down there. My husband didn't want me to report it.  He said everyone will think we are crazy . I said I don't care.  I know what I saw and you saw it too. We have been riding around trying to see it and get a picture. We stopped at the same spot recently in two different vehicles at two different times and both times the vehicle shut off. I am a skeptic until I see something for myself.  I was not looking for aliens.  I was looking for deer and now I know there ARE aliens. Alien seen with deer at highest point in Pennsylvania.;39.7479;-79.0864
