black object that seemed to impode into a sphere and vanish, only to reappear in the same shape and move location;2009-10-10 23:00:00;15 minutes;black object that seemed to impode into a sphere and vanish, only to reappear in the same shape and move location Looking across Lake Michigan on the beach towards the light pollution of Chicago, almost complete cloudless sky was observed. A small area of black was observed approximately halfway between Chicago and the beach across the lake. Further observation showed that the object was denser than what was immediately thought to be a small black cloud in the otherwise cloudless night sky. The object was slanted about 30 degress from bottom right to upper left. The bottom of the craft was flat with sharper edges on the two bottom corners and the top was flat but a little more curving. The object was completely black with a small change of color going towards dark grey from top to bottom. The object was motionless and after several minutes of observation began to turn in on itself, implode into a small sphere and then vanished into nothing. The object then appeared to quickly return to its original shape. This happened again, and the second time it disappeared competely. About 5-10 minutes later, the object appeared again, although this time was above the shoreline towards the pier down the left side of the beach, a distance of about 50 miles from where it was originally seen. The object exhibited the exact same shape, no movement, although this time it was slightly closer to my viewpoint. It again imploded on its self, first forming a small black sphere and then vanishing, only to pop back out and reappear in its original shape. This happened several times before disappearing completely again. The object then returned again several minutes later, although this time much closer, and appearing larger. It retained the same shape, angle of the bottom, color etc. Around this time we decieded to leave to get a telescope to see it clearer as it began to faintly disappear again after several minutes of observation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.7010800000001;-86.87264
