Reddish object descended within a shadowy spinning circular silouhette;2012-08-18 22:45:00;5 minutes;Reddish object descended within a shadowy spinning circular silouhette A single reddish light approached my position from the north east.  I thought it was unusual for a plane that might normally approach from this direction.   As it approached 2 other similar reddish lights appeared on the northeast horizon.   It appeared they were close to each other but began to diverge as they came closer.  The first light began to fade as it went overhead.   The 2nd red light/object grew somewhat brighter as it approached. I thought how weird is this.   Finally the first object faded overhead at some distance, the 2nd and 3rd approaching began to separate, they originally approached close to each other.   The 2nd came straight over head.   As it did I detected a circular shadow against the clouds and a dark segment circulating clock wise within the shadow.   The 3rd 'light' seemed to diverge and fade to the west as I watched the 2nd, which was surprisingly low and appeared to be descending.  The shadowy circular shape was amazing.   Within seconds I saw it h! it silently, collapse and fall from the side of a neighbor's roof 40 yards away.   It feel off the roof toward the ground and remains to be determined what it is.   I intend to check with that neighbor tomorrow and ask if they found anything in their side yard.   Creepy but true… ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the time and date above.  We suspect that the sighting was a nighttime sighting, and that it occurred on Saturday night, August 18, not Sunday morning, as the witness indicates.  PD));35.2752;-89.7295
I saw a perfectly round shape fall from the sky very, very fast.  It was blue-green in color.;2014-08-02 22:00:00;2 seconds;I saw a perfectly round shape fall from the sky very, very fast.  It was blue-green in color. I saw a perfectly round object enter my line of sight.  It came down from the sky at maybe a 70 degree angle.  It lasted for about 2 or 3 seconds.  Its color was blue-green.   I did not see it land but I searched for it at the town square.  It made no sound.  In the sky, it was maybe the diameter of half the size of the moon.   I did not find where it landed.  It was moving very fast.   I saw this from my truck that I was driving and I was heading east on Highway 70. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that the sighting may be of a meteor, but that is only a guess.  PD));35.2752;-89.7295
