Two blue-white lights flashing red and gold in south-southwest sky over Milwaukee ((NUFORC Note:  Prboably Sirius.  PD));2005-04-13 21:45:00;more than one hour, still;Two blue-white lights flashing red and gold in south-southwest sky over Milwaukee stationary for more than one hour. southwest, half way between horizon and directly overhead. One blue-white light southwest, this one lower, the other one west, and higher. They would flash COLORS, but, NOT like an airplane. The colors were red and gold, and appeared to be in the middle portion of the light, not top or bottom. One would flash, then the other, then both, but no predictable pattern that we were able to discern. They did not move, were stationary. The STARS, naturally changed position a little in the past hour, but not the LIGHTS!!!! I am NOT a nut, just a normal, average middle aged nurse who saw something ODD, with her 15 year old daughter while taking my Labrador retriever out for a last potty. There were several fast moving airplanes (jets?) some rreeeaaalllly super high, some lower than the craft. None anywhere very close to them. In the past hour, we saw about two dozen jets go past the lights. (or maybe the same ones going back and forth?)Much too busy for MIlwaukee skies. ((NUFORC Note:  Prboably Sirius.  PD));42.9351999999999;-87.9961999999998
10 white lights seen in SE Wisconsin at high altitude, heading from S to N.  Several objects split off.  Retired Army and wife BSN.;2016-07-31 23:00:00;15 minutes;10 white lights seen in SE wisconsin at high altitude heading from south to north. several objects split off. Retired Army and wife BSN My wife and I were outside our house looking at the stars at 2300 hrs., when I noticed a light at very high altitude, traveling south to north.  I told my wife, and she saw it too.  We watched it travel south to north for several minutes.   Within a minute we saw 2 more lights flying 1 behind the other, I put my fingers up to try and see how close they were together but even my little finger covered both lights.  We saw them at about a 45 degree angle above the horizon.  When they were directly over head the rear light released to smaller objects that started traveling 1 east and 1 west, same type of light just a bit dimmer.  Then several seconds later we saw 2 more lights same description and angle of appearance, traveling again south to north. From  2300 to 2315hrs, we counted a total of 10 lights, traveling from the south to north direction.  And 2 lights that came in from the southwest until they were directly over our house and then turned north.  As soon as we lost sight of those 2 lights, out of nowhere, 1 light came out of the north, but at a higher angle, maybe 60 degrees above the horizon, and was traveling south but at a much higher speed then the other lights we had seen. None of the white light objects we saw had any strobe or blinking lights of aircraft.  None of these objects produced any sound either, I spent nearly 3 decades in the military, I am very familiar with military aircraft traveling at high speed and altitude and even they produce sound, and my wife is a very well educated nurse.  I looked online to see if there are any  satellite orbiting are location, from space weather.com nearest orbit in 100 miles to our west.  Jet stream information from intellicast.com shows jet stream traveling across our area from northwest to southeast, so these objects were under there own propulsion, not being pushed by they wind.   We are not sure what we saw, but from are stand point they would fall into the UFO description.  My wife took a video via smart phone of 1 of these lights. We have noticed lights moving in the night sky before 2 weeks ago the local news was informed of lights in the sky and a story was done due to the volume of calls they had received.  I have also seen similar lights before and had aircraft change course to follow them, do the close proximity of the aircraft and speed they pursued they were without a doubt military.   Last month I thought I saw one of these lights and can  swear it actually dropped an object that looked like it was heading down, but this object I guess was most likely over lake Michigan, off Milwaukee.;42.9351999999999;-87.9961999999998
