A multi craft formation of various shapes and sizes.;1981-06-20 02:30:00;8-10 min;A multi craft formation of various shapes and sizes. It was in the early eighties, probably June or July, (I’m assuming summer time because we were at the lake for the weekend). My brother and a herd of our friends had converged on Lake Whitney located in North Central Texas to our favorite spot, Soldiers Bluff. We partied well into the night, and it wound up being just myself, my brother and two or three friends that were still awake at 2:00 am. While the two or three friends stayed at the campsite talking and playing cards, my brother and I went fishing off of Soldiers Bluff. It was there, while sitting on an ice cooler, rod in hand…eyes on the stars, that we witnessed this event.  I had noticed a white light moving across the sky that was to close to be a satellite in orbit. As I watched this light, I noticed a smaller one appear next to it that I assumed was the other “wing light” of the “Plane” and that it was turning towards us. As it continued to “Turn”, (One was slightly higher than the other) the lights got further and further apart. The further apart they got, the more I thought to myself “My God, That’s a HUGE Plane. As they leveled off, seven smaller lights appeared to swoop into formation with the other two lights. They now were heading in the opposite direction they had originally been traveling.  The first light was very large and round and white. This was being followed by seven smaller round white lights. The light taking up the rear was a large white rectangle. We stared in total disbelief as the 9 craft soundlessly floated across the sky in front of us.  We remarked to each other as to what they could be and finally decided it was a small plane pulling a lighted banner. AS SOON AS I said that to my brother, the craft in the rear raised up slightly higher than the others and SHOT forward halfway up the formation, very quickly, where it stopped and slowly floated down thru them to be below them where it hung there motionless until the last little light passed it. As the last light passed over it, It raised back up behind the last little light and continued across the sky, taking up the rear, till they were finally indiscernible. We had asked our friends if they had seen them also. They said that they had, but I don’t believe that they did, due to their  lack of astonishment (that was very evident in my brother and I) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));31.9643;-97.3374999999999
9 craft were eventually visible for approximately 5 minutes.;1981-06-30 15:30:00;Five minutes;9 craft were eventually visible for approximately 5 minutes. The lead in the formation was a large round light, followed by 7 smaller round lights, with the final craft pulling up the rear being a large rectangle in shape. When it was decided that it was a single plane pulling a lighted banner, the rear, rectangle craft raised up slowly and SHOT up about halfway up the line of smaller lights and stopped, it then slowly lowered and seemed to pass thru the line of smaller lights, then stopped, then as the last smaller light passed over it, it raised back up level with the rest and continued where it left off, pulling up the rear. They continued slowly across the sky until out of our sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));31.9643;-97.3374999999999
9 Objects in formation over Lake Whitney;1985-06-30 02:30:00;5-10 minutes;9 Objects in formation over Lake Whitney A group of friends and myself had gone to Lake Whitney in the state of Texas in the mid-nineteen eighties and finally settled into the camping area at the Southwest part of the lake at the West end of the lake side of the Dam. We were at a location known as Soldier’s Bluff and my brother and myself had, around 01:30, left the group to sit at the edge of the cliffs and fish.  While we both sat there on an igloo cooler, we stared at disbelief at the beauty and clarity of the stars that filled the sky.   While staring into the night sky, looking towards the East, I spotted a single light moving across the sky.  As I watched the light, it turned into two lights, with one being slightly above the other at about a two o’clock position, similar to how a plane would appear if it was traveling across the sky and slowly turned towards you.  The two lights became further and further apart, causing me to finally exclaim out loud that that was a HUGE plane because of the distance that they were from each other. (I assumed them to be wing lights on an aircraft). As they grew even further apart at an undeterminable distance, seven more lights appeared one at a time from either within the first light or from behind it and swooped into formation behind the first light as it made its way back across the sky from either the direction it came or in the direction it turned, with the second light falling in behind them.  These objects seemed to emit their own bluish, white light with no blinking lights or colored lights. They traveled in a Westward direction, with the larger, round shaped first light leading the smaller, seven round lights that were closely followed by a large rectangular light. My brother and I watched in amazement as the 9 objects slowly and silently made their way across the sky before and above us. We tried to rationalize the fact that 9 airplanes or helicopters in the night sky would make SOME noise, but we heard nothing.  We finally decided that it must be a smaller plane pulling a lighted banner. As if to prove us wrong, the large rectangular object rose slightly above the line of the formation and shot across the top of the formation to the halfway point, where it stopped and slowly drifted down between the formation to stop below the formation where it hovered in place until the last of the seven smaller lights finally passed over it at which point it rose back up to continue to take up the rear of the formation. We watched the formation glide silently across the sky until we could no longer distinguish the objects from the stars and turned to look at each other for a long moment, then back at the sky. At that point we both arose from the cooler and clumsily gathered up our fishing gear and made our way back to the campsite to find several friends standing there looking at and searching the night sky. I asked if they had seen the lights, and with astonished looks on their faces they muttered a meek Yeah, What was that?    We replied that we were not sure ourselves what they were and we all spent the rest of the early morning discussing the possibilities. At sunrise, we all broke camp and left the camp area and returned home to Dallas, Texas.  The following day I contacted the Dallas Times Herald (no longer in existence) and asked them how I could find out if there were 9 aircrafts in the area on that night, at which time I explained what we had seen.  I was told that their paranormal investigator would contact me shortly.  I never heard from that person and assumed they had discovered some military exercise that had taken place over the area that night and never re-contacted them or attempted to contact anyone else of authority concerning this sighting.  I believe I filed an online report with MUFON a few years back, but aside from that, I have told no one but friends or acquaintances about the incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));31.9643;-97.3374999999999
