Bright green ball of light about size of moon apeared at 60 degrees ended at 20 degrees;1998-09-25 21:25:00;3 seconds;Bright green ball of light about size of moon apeared at 60 degrees ended at 20 degrees i was east on hwy 522 at monroe off ramp green ball of light or fireball apeared from s.e.sky at about 60 degrees ended at about 20 degrees after lasting about 3seconds.to the slight n.w.. The light did not fade or dim it was just gone. the skys were clear at the time. It looked like it had a slight tail and was emiting what i whould say looked like sparks . This is my second sighting of somthing completly strange in the last two months.;47.8561;-121.9467
Oval fireball, bright white and blue-green, with trailing tail,  comes down swiftly at steep angle. (Nuforc Note:  Meteor?);2003-08-24 15:50:00;5 SEC;Oval fireball, bright white and blue-green, with trailing tail,  comes down swiftly at steep angle. I'm sure I saw the same thing as the people in Chilliwack. To the north. Came down down very quickly at a very steep angle from west to east. Oval. Brilliant.  Whitish center and blue-green outside. Trailing tail. No sound. My impression was that it was huge and far away. Mentioned it to 2 other people at the soccer tournament. One said he saw it, too. ((NUFORC Note:  Many reports of this event.  We believe a more accurate time for the event is closer to 16:00 hrs..  Please see other reports.  We believe the object probably was a meteor, and it fell over central or northern British Columbia.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));47.8561;-121.9467
Massive low altitude fireball speeding north over the horizon above Monroe, WA, at 16:00 on 8/24/03.;2003-08-24 16:00:00;5 seconds;Massive low altitude fireball speeding north over the horizon above Monroe, WA, at 16:00 on 8/24/03. I was driving on Hwy. 522 eastbound, facing a north direction in this particular segment of the highway, heading from Seattle to Monroe.  I was about 10-15 miles outside of Monroe heading into Monroe.  There is a couple of stoplights at this point on 522 that is famous for traffic backing up, and I was approaching one of these stoplights around 4pm or so, slowing down, when I witnessed the sighting.  At first glance, I thought it was a shooting star (thinking to myself, 'but in the middle of the day, so visible?)  when I quickly realized that instead of streaking across the sky in the upper atmosphere, this was much closer, as low you might expect a small airplane to be that was starting a landing approach (5-10k feet?).  It was a massive fireball, a large burning mass followed be a long tail of fiery debris burning off. It was falling to the earth, and lasted only several seconds before it dissapeared over the trees on the horizon.  This highway is well wooded in this area, almost a path or corridor cut into the forest, and anything moving in the sky would dissapear out of your line of sight beyond the trees on either side, unless the object was heading the same direction as the highway, in which case you'd be able to see it longer until it disappeared over the horizon ahead beyond the trees rather than either side of the highway's close forested sides. this object's falling path did indeed follow the corridor of sight of the highway stretching out ahead of me, until disappeared over the treetops of the horizon. So I got a good 5 second look at it, luckily as it traveled the same direction overhead of the stretch of highway I was on. Were I not in a car, I probably would've seen it much longer from behind me as well, as opposed to just when it just got ahead of me and cleared into the view of my windshield.  From my vantage point, as it streaked and fell and disappeared beyond the trees on the horizon, the trajectory to me looked like it was falling only 10-15 miles ahead of me, like in dowtown Monroe!  In retrospect however, given my untrained eye, what looked like falling in front of me could've really been a much flatter slope and just streaking across horizontally out in front of me, and really hitting earth 100 miles away or more.  I am not real good at judging the three dimensional trajectory when I'm below it looking up at it in really a two dimensional perspective.  Either way, it was extremely low to the ground and like nothing I've ever seen before.  After my initial reaction of a shooting star was exluded, my next thought was that it was a meteorite falling to earth, basically like a shooting star that made it all the way down to here. I also entertained the idea that it was a plane crash or other air disaster (army experiment gone wrong, bad rocket launch, poorly aimed satelite or other man made space device falling from orbit, my imagination really took off in that small instant!), as the fiery mass trailing smoke, flame, and burning off pieces of debris reminded me of some of the pictures I saw with the recent space shuttle tragedy where pieces or wreckage were scattered, falling to the earth in a fiery mass trailing fire and debris with striking similarity to the object I witnessed.  However, it mostly resembled a meteorite to me.  It moved at an incredible rate of speed, a speed that I never thought possible, faster than any plane I've ever seen, including the Blue Angels fighter jets that do an annual airshow in seattle.  The main fireball mass also seemed very large, too large to really be any sort of plane or wreckage.  It was a jaw dropping experience, one that made me cry out what the #@%$ was that?  Holy *#&$! ! Did you see that? only I was the only one in the car, so I began looking around to other motorists as someone to share this incredible experience if any of them saw it too, but by them traffic started to move and I couldn't get a good look at anyone's face to sense anyone with similarly astonished expressions.  Wherever this thing fell, I wish I was there to see it, as it would be incredibly interesting I'm sure. ((NUFORC Note:  Many reports about this event.  The object is thought to have been a dramatic meteor over central or northern British Columbia.  PD));47.8561;-121.9467
8 to 10 fire orbs.;2012-07-20 23:30:00;3-5 minutes;8 to 10 fire orbs. We were driving home heading east on Old Snohomish-Monroe just west of Lord Hill Regional Park. About 5 miles west of Monroe, WA. around 11:30pm on 7/20/2012 we witnessed a formation of small fire orbs (8-10 in total) ascending into the sky.  The objects made no sounds and, and appeared to be intelligently controlled.  The orbs flickered in luminosity. and conformed to a semi-line formation.  They appeared as if they were following each other to the same point in the sky and just disappeared. I completely stopped the car and looked at the tailing object. It appeared to be no more than 500 yards from us but I can't say with absolute certainty that distance is correct. It was dark outside, and there isn't a whole lot of residual light in that area, so landmarks are hard to make out. I've never seen anything like this before. I've read about it many time on this site, but never thought I would witness something like this. I constantly watch the skies for peculiar objects, and I can finally say I've seen something. Thanks for reading.;47.8561;-121.9467
4 orange flying object Monroe, Wa.;2013-11-21 21:00:00;3 minutes;4 orange flying object monroe wa Driving down 169th in monroe, wa, off e main street exit, I was riding as a passenger in my moms car, to a friend's house, when we saw 4 orange lights like balls of fire.  They were aligned like a constellation.   my mother and I parked and before i could even take a picture, one changed to like a white star like color, and flew straight up fast.  two others did the same in different directions.one stayed the longest, then it took off.  They were relatively low on the horizon but within 2 minutes they went from orange to star color, (white) and flew away;47.8561;-121.9467
3 lights looked like rocket flames appearing to go from triangle formation to following each other out of atmosphere 1 after another.;2014-05-25 23:26:00;2 minutes;3 lights looked like rocket flames appearing to go from triangle formation to following each other out of atmosphere 1 after another. Coming home @11:26PM Sunday, May 25, 2014, driving NORTH into Monroe, WA.  Noticed a formation of what looked like red-orange rocket flames with two next to each other parallel to horizon with the third one above the right one of the two below.   No sounds associated, appeared to be way off in distance.   Noticed the top one was moving upward, the bottom right one was moving upward after the top one and the left bottom one was then following the second one such that though initially they formed a right angle triangle, they ended up in a straight line following each other.  I watched as each one went into the clouds, as I could see them get fuzzy as they entered the clouds and as they approached a thinner portion of the clouds they got less fuzzy but continued to get dimmer due to distance.   Where would any rockets be coming from that could be seen from my location and since when do rockets get launched in rapid succession?   Actually, I could more likely believe they would be interceptor missiles or something similar.  I am eager to find out if other saw these and what explanations there are.;47.8561;-121.9467
To the E between through the window of the front room we witnessed 2 red glowing fireballs falling.  ((anonymous report));2018-11-09 19:50:00;15 seconds;To the east, between our town and the foothills of the cascade mountains, through the window of the front room we witnessed 2 red glowing/fireballs falling.  One was slightly lower then the other.  They fell behind the tree line and caused the entire sky to turn to a burning red glow over the spot it fell.  Nobody else has reported it, but I can't believe it was only us.  The glow was steady red, no flickering. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.8561;-121.9467
Orange ball of light that zig zagged.;2020-10-10 19:00:00;3 minutes;Orange ball of light that zig zagged. Noticed an orange ball of light which appeared to be moving in a zig zag pattern. Then it appeared to ascend straight up. Then the craft went dark and appeared as a black dot in the sky, and moved in a straight line until we could no longer see it. Shorty after the object was no longer visible we both heard a high pitched ringing that we could not attribute to anything else.;47.8561;-121.9467
