These objects were very close, noiseless, seamless in design, uniform in color, and unwavering in direction and motion.;1997-06-11 21:20:00;00:00:30;These objects were very close, noiseless, seamless in design, uniform in color, and unwavering in direction and motion. I was walking to work in the evening at approximately 9:20 pm, CST.  There was no wind at all, and the sky was completely clear.  The temperature was around 80-82 degrees Fahrenheit. I was east bound and had looked up to enjoy the night sky.  When I scanned northward, (around 45-50 degrees up from the horizon)  I noticed what I originally thought to be three large birds heading towards the south.  I was in motion when I formed this initial impression. As they drew closer to my position, I couldn't help but notice that something was wrong with this picture.  It was then that I decided to stop.  I had been walking that particular route for years, at the same time in the evening and had seen all manner of birds.  This collection of objects was not behaving as birds do. As the objects came closer, it became easier to discern what distinguished these objects from, say, the ducks I was accustomed to seeing.  The formation of the three objects was utterly ridged.  Birds maintain a basic formation, but even in the evening--at such a low altitude--one can see a modicum of relative motion between the individual members.  This formation had no such relative movement.  It was rock solid. I had stopped perhaps a yard west of an intersection that was illuminated by a mercury-vapor sort of light.  The formation, at their closest point, passed directly over this intersection.  I estimate that their height from the ground to have been approximately one and a half telephone poles.  I judged them to be just under a meter in length. At this point the physical details of the objects became most evident.  They had nothing in the way of wings on them.  All three of them were shaped like bowling pins, and they moved with their longest axes parallel to the ground and with their heads defining the forward most point in the flight path. When the lead pin passed over the street light, I could tell that the body of the pin was smooth, and it appeared to be pewter in color.  They made no sound at all.  In fact, it seemed that they had suppressed ambient noise in some measure. Once over the lamp, the three pins continued their perfectly straight trajectory to the SSE (passing the local university) until I simply couldn't discern the bodies from the night sky. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport: I sincerely appreciate your timely and generous response.  I'm more than happy to fill in the blanks as best I can.  And I'll do my best to provide you with an illustration of some sort. While I did in fact stipulate that the date of my sighting was approximate, I'm certain that I'm off by no more than one day.  I recall that the incident occurred one week before my father's birthday, June 19. I remember that I was wearing blue jeans and a black knit shirt.  At the time I was working as the third shift cashier for a local ((deleted)) company. That you didn't get to visit Goodfellow is certainly San Angelo's loss.  It's been a little over a year since I've been there, but I do know that in addition to being a cryptological training center, the base is now the national center for instruction in all manner of fire suppresion/containment.  Yes, summers can be unmerciful in San Angelo but that's Texas in general, too. I have you to thank, Mr. Davenport, for my having submitted any report at all.  I had the opportunity to listen to your most recent interview on the Dr. Lauralee program.  Your presentation was very impressive:  you were factual, professional, and even-handed in your delivery.  If UFO matters are  ever to be taken seriously (whether by skeptics, fanatics, or both), a voice of reason and equanimity HAS to be present in laying the groundwork for its consideration.  Yours was such a voice.  Please keep up the exemplary work.  If I may be of any further assistance, please let me know. Sincerly, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We are grateful to the witness for the report, and for the kind words regarding our work.  PD));31.456406741573;-100.452091573034
quickly moving, heavenly body seen vanishing;2010-09-13 21:00:00;5 min;quickly moving, heavenly body seen vanishing I saw a star rise into the sky, from the north west.  It moved from the horizon to the sky right above me, then faded to a deep red and vanished.  I was on the phone with my dad who was 2 hours away, he saw the same event...;31.456406741573;-100.452091573034
