Flashing white, blueish green and red lights with small red flashing lights surrounding the object.;2001-09-30 03:00:00;Flashing red, white and b;Flashing white, blueish green and red lights with small red flashing lights surrounding the object. At aprox 3:30am in the morning me and my boyfriend happend to be inside of my parents house visiting then we all of the sudden seen a big flash of white light up in the sky and also light up the inside of the house.  We watched outside the back of my parents house these lights flashing white at first, then blueish green, then it started to flash red.  At that point it moved up and down in the sky and from side to side.  We foundly made our way outside to get a better look at the object.  Well at that point it had moved it location from the back of the house to the front over to a field.  Then it was about 8 to 10 miles up in the sky so it was very close for us to see.  We stood and watched this object for over a half hour or so.  It still seemed to move from place to place but kept in the same location this time with the flashing light still going on.  Then a white beam seemed to come out of the top of the craft in a searching formation at that time the object got very bright white in color.  It was very quiet what ever it was there was no sound at all from this craft.  Also when it was in the back of the house it had little red flashing light flying up to the object craft very fast there was about 6 flashing small light that seemed to be very close to the craft in the back of the house floating up inside maybe?  It was a very clear night and we can see all the stars what I found the most unsual about it was it was it was between Orions Belt and also Sirus.  As it was sitting from these two star consolations it was in the shape of a triangle the object being the center of the triangle.;39.9877;-81.1346
3 red triangle-shaped lights;2006-06-22 00:10:00;about 20 sec.;3 red triangle-shaped lights I was talking to my boyfriend around midnight/1:00 am and we were standing in his yard. All of a sudden I notice 3 red lights that seemed to be in a triangle shape moving across the sky. As I kept watching it I noticed that it was flying very fast in a very odd way. My boyfriend and I both noticed that it made no sound, and the lights almost appeared to be spinning. Neither one of us had ever witnessed anything like it.;39.9877;-81.1346
