A triangular formation of 6 white orbs flew together, then separated and reformed formation again.;2006-12-24 23:30:00;2 minutes;A triangular formation of 6 white orbs flew together, then separated and reformed formation again. I had just gotten the kids to bed and stepped out onto my deck to smoke a cigarette.  It was a very clear night and I was looking up at the clear starry sky when a triangular formation of white, orb like lights flew over my house from behind me.  There were three orbs extending down the left side of the formation, and two down the right, with one at the point.  They made NO noise and flew in perfect formation while turning to my right as they appeared to be doing a large U-turn.  At what seemed to be the apex of their turn, the last orb in the uneven left side separated from the formation and maneuvered itself precisely into the same position on the right side of the formation.  I realized then that these orbs of light were totally independent objects flying in one perfect formation.  I was now trying to focus even more intensely on whatever these orbs were and began to notice that their was slight variations in the intensity of light being generated by the orbs.  The formation continued on its flight path and disappeared from sight when the house blocked my view, completing almost a perfect U-turn. I never heard any noise coming from these objects, and had no real way of judging the distance between them and myself.  A major highway is within sight of the house from the deck.  The path these objects appeared to take almost makes me wonder if they saw the highway and decided to turn around in the other direction.  I stood there for sometime waiting for them to come back, hoping they were flying in a circle so I could see them again and be more prepared for what I saw the first time.  But nothing came within sight for the next 30 minutes I stood there waiting. In the days to come, I contacted a customer of mine who is an Air Traffic Controller at the Lancaster Airport.  I asked him if they had any reports of strange lights in the sky Christmas Eve and was told they did not.  He did ask why, and I briefly explained.  His analytical disbelief in what I saw prevented me from sharing this experience with anyone but my wife and kids.  A few close friends were told whenever the topic of ghosts and UFO’s came up, which is how I received the link to this website.  A friend of mine sent it to me and suggested I read up and submit my story.  I’ve been a believer since that night and would love to know more, see more, do more.  It’s exciting whenever I think about it.  Thanks for this website, as a place to examine what I do not totally understand.;40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
20+ yellowish objects moving smoothly across the evening sky;2013-07-27 21:00:00;>10 minutes;20+ yellowish objects moving smoothly across the evening sky I was driving down hershey Ave towards queen street and in the clear evening sky I saw 20+ yellowish circular (so it appeared) objects moving smoothing in somewhat of a formation like a dots on a line graph.  They were less organized towards the rear, where some did move closer to others at an extremly close proximity.  They were moving smoothly, no sounds, from east to west.  A lot of people around the furnace st and queen st intersection stopped to discuss and record the moving objects.  And in a matter of a few minutes as they moved, they disappeared.  I've never been convinced, but that evening myself and the people around there did.  There were a least 20 of them moving smoothly at very close proximity to each other.  People in their cars stopped to see.   Many were hoping to hear something explaining the lights on Sunday but nothing was said on tv.;40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
