3 Evenly spaced lights dropped in front of car as if to crash/land, on roadway, then craft turned and disappeared;2006-10-26 21:00:00;3-5 minutes;3 evenly spaced lights dropped in front of car as if to crash/land, on roadway, then craft turned and disappeared My wife came into the house terribly shaken on Thursday, October 26th, 2006. It was about 2100 hrs and the night was dark. She had just arrived from visiting our son who lives closer to town. Minutes prior, as she was driving home toward our house, she had observed a craft that had her mentally shaken, even today.  She was 1 ½ miles from our home when 3, evenly spaced, bright lights, descended toward the road in front of her. Her first thought, when she saw the horizontal lights, was an airplane about to crash or land on the roadway ahead. The lights didn’t seem to illuminate the ground, but were more like round window lights.  As she drove forward, the lights continued to float downward toward the road surface. She became concerned the craft might actually hit her car. At the brim of the hill before the little valley ahead, she stopped the car, thinking the aircraft would likely land in front of her. A pick up truck, had been following my wife, also stopped. Then both she and the pick up truck edged over to the side of the road., attempting to give as much room as possible to the craft. As the lights dropped down to the level of telephone wires, they continued their approach directly toward the front of my wife’s car. “At that point“, my wife explained “I gunned the car downhill figuring I would be able to get under the plane. I didn’t want to “stay put” because, the lights were heading directly for me. I felt I would certainly get hit if I didn’t drive under the lights. My wife drives a convertible, the top was up, but she had the windows down. She was listening for the plane’s motor but heard nothing. The lights then turned 90 degrees to the east and immediately disappeared. A giant shadow passed between her car and the trees beyond.  Since the shadow and the lights then completely disappeared, without noise, my wife realized she had seen something she had heard about, but never wanted to see and was terrified. I drove my wife back to the site immediately. She answered questions and showed me right where everything occurred, in sequence. I could find no evidence of a place where an airplane would have crashed or flown and nothing appeared out of the normal. We could not identify anything that could have been misidentified as she described.;40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
Large triangle consisting of 3 inverted V shapes with pulsing red lighting, moved sideways & accelerated.;2008-03-29 22:50:00;five minutes;Large triangle consisting of 3 inverted V shapes with pulsing red lighting, moved sideways & accelerated Possible UFO Sighting Lancaster, PA 22:50 Local 29 March 2008   I was standing outside the rear of my house, having let our dogs out for the nighttime break.    I saw what I thought at first, a large white landing light approach from the south, near the town of Millersville. I estimate it was about 5 miles to my south when first viewed.  My first thought was this aircraft was unusually low, as the local airport is approx. 8 miles to my north.  The white light was moving slowly about 1000’ AGL and had no accompanying red or white upper or lower strobes, had a bright warm white glow and no sound.  After watching the large white light continue north towards me for approx. 10 seconds, I detected some faint green lights on the upper portion of the object.  At this point, the light slowed and moved SIDEWAYS to the west.  The white light continued facing to the north during the initial move.  The object was partially blocked from my view by a group of pine trees as it headed west.  After the object came back into full view it changed into a group of three inverted V’s, forming a pyramid/triangle shape.  It continued west for approx. five miles.  The inverted V’s were a mix of pale green and bright red lighting, similar to faint LED’s, not a bright aircraft position or strobe light. As the object made the turn from north to west, I could hear a deep sound similar to air rushing through turbines.  That was the only time I heard any sound from the object. The object again turned north towards a tall cell tower with bright white strobe on top, near the town of Mountville.  It flew past the cell tower and it’s lighting on the three inverted V’s changed to a bright pulsing red. It appeared the pulsing on the object picked up the strobe flash interval on the cell tower. The object continued to the north-northwest in the (3) inverted V shape and passed behind some distant buildings and out of my sight. Disclaimer:  I am a Military pilot (fulltime) and am familiar with aircraft lighting and flight paths.  I’ve lived at my present location for over 15 years and am familiar with the day to day flight paths of commuter aircraft and the occasional corporate or medevac helo over my location and this sighting was definitely not normal and shook me up to the point I felt it necessary to file a report.    I considered calling the local ATC Approach control after the sighting to see if any pilots had reported similar sightings but my wife talked my out of it.;40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
Bright Object Near Lancaster.;2011-10-31 20:30:00;5 Minutes;Bright Object Near Lancaster. On our way home from Trick or treating night.  On a back road Between Denver and Ephrata. My daughter points out a star Mommy what is that? My husband and I look and at first we think it is just a helicopter with a spot light.  As there was a blinking blue light directly behind it. We figured it was just hovering over the expressway as 222 is near by.  However there was no sound. As we got closer we notice a third light, red, just barely above the bright spotlight.  We get to be directly under it and pull into a parking lot, at this point we are directly beneath the object.  We look up and notice the spotlight is dimmer and its a triangular object literally just sitting above us.  One blinking blue light. One red one. And one White one.  Of course in the land of technology I do not take a photo or video but call my mother because at this point it finally moves, in the direction towards Denver.  I wanted another witness to see this object.  WE watch it as is leaves the area in an extremely slow fashion.   Note: it is extremely low to the ground.  After about 5 minutes she says she sees it. With the accurate descriptions.  Says it stops, changes directions.  Stops another time, and then just disappears.  I have only 3 adult witnesses however my 2 children also saw this object.;40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
Large triangular object, 3 lights, moving south very slowly.;2014-03-23 23:35:00;30 minutes;Large triangular object, 3 lights, moving south very slowly. I was outside cleaning a towel, I just cut my hair.   I look up to enjoy the view and notice a large triangular object hovering at aprox. 10000 ft.   The triangle pointed directly SOUTH, traveling very slow, no sound.   Lights of the vertexes were blinking/fading slightly.  Front light was white, left-green, right-red.  VERY LARGE.  Would be at least a quarter mile long.;40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
