Both my wife and I worked at the Park City Mall, and were just coming home from work on a warm, humid summer night.  We lived in an apa;1975-06-30 21:30:00;10 mins;Both my wife and I worked at the Park City Mall, and were just coming home from work on a warm, humid summer night.  We lived in an apartment complex on Route 30 east called Greenland Village. As we came into the complex parking lot to pull into our space, we saw all of our neighbors out, about a dozen, pointing up to the sky. What we all saw was an extremely large (probably the size of a house) object, which I would like to say was somewhat triangular shaped, but could not be sure, for the very simple reason that what, in essence we were looking at (and mind you it was a perfectly clear, starry night) appeared to be cloaked......that is, for those of you who are Star Trek fans,  you may remember that when the Klingons would cloak their vessels, you would somewhat see the shape, but, what you were actually looking at was the appearance of something that you could to some degree make out the shape of, yet, you could see through it, and itwavered, in much the same way that you get a distortion of shape when you see heat rising from hot macadem in the summertime.......there was a shadowy appearance to the edges, which, even in liew of the fact that you could see through this wavering shape, the shadows along the edges helped to define it........you could also faintly make out the appearance of lights on long stalks.....many of them.......but again, somewhat cloaked..... The vehicle was absolutely enormous.......it was completely silent, and, much like in the movies, it was dead silent all around, as we watched the vehicle move away silently....... As soon as it was gone, you could then hear the crickets, etc......again, forgive the analogy, but, very much like in the movies.... It did not so much climb and dissappear, but, rather, it more or less traveled away from us and eventually we could not see it ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
Green/Blue light in the sky - Very low and very fast with NO noise;2006-06-25 01:42:00;5-6 seconds;Green/Blue light in the sky - Very low and very fast with NO noise I was driving south on Rt. 222 when a green/blue light in the sky caught my attention (It was a steady brightness with no pulsing or flashing). It did so due to the fact that we've got a very low celing - at 2:08 it was reported to be at 1600 ft. with only a 5 mile visability (It's drizziling in some locations). It was traveling east to west at a very low altitude and totally cleared my visable horizion in 5 or 6 seconds. No noise, no descent angle, very smooth yet very fast and absolutely no other colors or strobes, just almost the color of a green traffic light. I've seen many, many various aircrafts in my life at day and night but this, for sure, was no conventional aircraft that I've ever seen. Due to the weather conditions, it struck me as being so very odd that I'd be able to see any aircraft whatsoever in the sky, let alone one this low in altitude and traveling at such a speed(not blazing speed - but very fast but yet so very smoothly - it's difficult to describe). I'm at odds with all of my logic, so I figured I ought to report it to someone...;40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
Strange object in the sky on clear, cold day in Lancaster.;2008-02-11 12:00:00;1-2 minutes;Strange object in the sky on clear, cold day in Lancaster. I'm a bit of a skeptic when it comes to aliens even though the probability of them existing is pretty scary but I really think I saw something today kind of strange. I was working making deliveries and when I went to make a turn into a parking lot to my destination thats when I noticed a strange object in the sky( I believe NW sky area).  The object appeared to be white or a dull light silver color and it's shape almost resembled like an airplane but I could not identify it, something  about the object just didn't look right too me ( I'm not good with distances but it was almost the size of half a dime from my perspective.).  The object also did not appear to be moving which bothered me a bit too.  I glanced at the object several times but I was also driving a small box truck so I could not keep my eyes on the object during the complete sighting.  I had to stop my truck at a stop sign in the parking lot and when I went to look up the object was gone.  I think now about it and something just seemed wrong about what I had seen earlier today, especially that it was in the clear skies and then gone within' a matter of seconds!  It was cold, sunny & clear today making the object visible if you were looking were I was you would definently be able to see it.  Anybody living in the Lancaster area see anything like what I had seen between 11:00-12:00PM today I would like to find out what it was, thankyou. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.044591594203;-76.3206420289851
