The light could move slowly or inordinately fast any direction in complete silence.;1971-06-01 01:00:00;5+minutes;The light could move slowly or inordinately fast any direction in complete silence. My husband and I were night fishing on Douglas lake near Newport,Tennessee.We were both teachers and it was summer.We do not drink etc.I told my husband to look at the satellite moving over English Mountain. He saw it as it slowly moved right to left at the speed of the old satellites. It sudenly stopped. There was no noise as  helicopter would make. Everything was very quiet. There were no city lights. Then it fell straight down. We were both very quiet and there still was no noise.  Then it started zigging and zagging left and right back and forth up and down. It was still a pinpoint of light--far above english mountain. It stopped again and hovered for about half a minute. Still there was no noise. And then it -zip- went out of sight toward the right in the direction it had come from. My husband and I both asked each other if we had seen what we thought we had seen and did we see the same thing. It was not a flood light or a flashlight--just a bright pinpoint. We have night fished for thirty years and have never seen anything like that since...but my husband has died and I wanted someone the remember what we saw.I can tell you it was stange--We were not afraid of it--But it was eerie-- ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));35.954;-83.2061
Was watching the meteor shower at around 5:00 am and seen some meteors.At around 5:40 I spotted a strange light in sky was not aircraft;2019-07-30 05:40:00;1 minute;Was watching the meteor shower at around 5:00 am and seen some meteors.  At around 5:40a.m. I spotted a strange light in sky was not aircraft navigation lights had steady blue and white color to it also hovered for  about 40 seconds then looked as if it glitched and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.954;-83.2061
