My friend and I seen this pure white ball of light in the sky on the way to his friends house.;1990-08-20 19:00:00;2,3min.;My friend and I seen this pure white ball of light in the sky on the way to his friends house. To start I am a firm believer of ufos.what I am about to tell you really did happen. My friend and I was driving towards Newport,Tn.one evening to pick up a video taped payper view event at his friends house.He was driving. we were heading northeast ways.I looked up towards the sky and spotted this pure white ballshaped light just suspended in the air. there were no stars out and it was a very clear blue sky evening,no clouds at all.It looked to me that this object was fairly high up in the sky.I looked at it for about 2,3 seconds and then said to my friend,Hey,look at that ball of light in the sky. My friend looked up towards where I was pointing and he said,Aw yea what is that? We were continuing down the road and I was watching this ball of light all the way.He had to keep his eyes on the road but glanced at it when he could.We then came upon some trees on the side of the road and passed by them.it took about 3 seconds to pass by and when we were back in the clear the ball of light was gone! I looked all around in the sky to see if I could find it but It was no where to be found..I really started to think about what we had just seen.and to me it was not any type of plane or helicopter.I am pretty good at spotting man made aircraft at all times of the day and night. before living in Tn. I grew up near an International Airport. My friend also couldnt see it anywhere around his side of the car.The wierdest thing about this was that to me I got this funny feeling inside that it knew we were looking at it....!and thats why it disappeared.To make things more interesting that about 3,4 weeks later.There was a county police officer who came foward and claimed to have video taped the same object my friend and I had seen.He was on this show at the time called A current affair they showed the tape on the show and yes it did look exactly like the ball of light we seen! he also claimed after coming foward with his story. He was ridiculed by his coworkers and that when he was not at home one day. someone ransacked his house,like they were trying to find something.anyhow that is my story about what my friend and I had seen. I believe that it was not anything explainable maybe it was military but I doubt it! I believe that it was extraterrestial.... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.954;-83.2061
