Strange light doing 3 90 degree turns.;1998-01-24 18:25:00;60 secs;Strange light doing 3 90 degree turns. we were going down Wells Rd., which goes west, as we went down the an object proceded over a recreation center on my right to a Hops restaurant on my left.  It had made a 90 degree turn to make that left turn.  Then made a 90 degree turn towards the Mall and descended into the distance.;30.1494920454546;-81.7474272727273
Low Frequency makes house feel as though it would implode.;2014-05-02 02:37:00;1-2 minutes;Low Frequency makes house feel as though it would implode. We were asleep and heard what we thought was a plane flying overhead. Slowly, a low frequency began to sound.  We (my wife and I) thought it was a low flying plane. The sound began to get louder and louder until we thought our windows were going to implode from the low frequency sound.  After about a minute the sound stopped and everything in the backyard (see below)there was an abnormal silence. During the incident the backyard became very dark (this was odd as the moon was a few days past full) and the nightlife was completely still.  No crickets, no other insects were making the usual noise.  We are close to two large bodies of water. Our dogs and cat did not move during this entire episode. My wife believed the incident began at 03:30, however it began at 02:37, as the clock is closest to me and the numbers are large enough to see without wearing corrective lens. I am not certain if this was an abduction as we both do not remember anything from 02:37 to 03:30.  Needless to say my nature makes me skeptical, but this experience was mind-boggling and frightening all at once.  The loss of time cannot be confirmed with any certainty.  There may have been aircraft in pursuit, but if so they missed the object. Has anyone else had this type of experience? ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));30.1494920454546;-81.7474272727273
Bright blue-green object silently flies very fast across sky near Orange Park FL;2017-10-20 21:20:00;5-10 minutes;Bright Blue-green object silently flies very fast across sky near Orange Park FL We were standing on our patio between 21:15-21:30 last night.  We saw a blue-green moving across the sky from east southeast to west southwest.  The sky was clear.  There were 2 airplanes visible in the sky at the time, which is normal, since we live close to NAS-JAX. The object looked very similar to a bright star, but slightly larger and brighter.  It did not blink and did not appear to twinkle at all.  It was larger and brighter than any stars visible at the time.  I would estimate that from our point of view, it appeared similar in size and brightness to the north star.  We did not hear any sound.   It moved very quickly but did appear to slow down for a few seconds one time before resuming its previous speed.  The object stayed on the same path making no turns for the full time it was in view.  We were able to see the object very clearly from the time it appeared on the horizon to our east all the way through its path to the western horizon, until it became too faint in the distance. We have a lot of military and civilian aircraft traffic in our area and are very aware of how they behave in the sky.  Any aircraft that was close enough for its lights to appear this size and brightness would have been very easy to hear.  The speed of the object could not be matched by any of the fighter jets that we commonly see.  Any aircraft capable of this speed would not have been silent if it were flying low enough, and close enough, to appear this size in she night sky.  There were no additional lights as would be expected on a plane or helicopter either.  An object with this speed and brightness flying high enough to be inaudible would have to be absolutely massive. I thought it may have been the International Space Station but that was supposedly only visible during a 2 minute window over 2 hrs. before this sighting and would have been moving in the opposite direction according to the NASA website.;30.1494920454546;-81.7474272727273
Rotating/Radiating white light 10 mile visibility coming from overcast sky;2020-09-18 22:10:00;1.5 hours;Rotating/Radiating white light 10 mile visibility coming from overcast sky On September 18, 2020 at approximately 22:10 on my way home from work, I spotted what I initially took as cloud-to-cloud lighting.  This time of year, there is a lot of that and rain.  It only happened once so I thought nothing of it. A few minutes later, I see it again, but it makes me think it may be plane ‘headlight’. Both occurrences are happening in a southerly direction.  As I work at a military facility I, again, did not pay close attention.  Upon exiting the facility, I noticed that the ‘headlight’ I had seen minutes before was now more southwest, but moved more like a search light.  We had overcast skies and I was not able to spot a helicopter or plane. It now had my attention as I drove, because while it resembled a search/spotlight, the movement was erratic. I hoped to see it again. I was able to spot it again approximately 7-10 minutes later and probably 4 miles from the military facility.  The light was still located southwest.  I turned into an ! industrial area with less trees and low building to keep it in sight. The light were now more to south again but, even with less light pollution, I was not able to find a ground light source.  Spotlights that want you to find a location I know from experience. There is a ray that radiates up into the sky. There was no ray from the ground. I noticed that the light was radiating, like a lighthouse (I am not on a coast and the direction from which the light was radiating was even more inland) rotating around a center point, but I could see the light all the way around without interruption. The radius of movement was far enough apart it required me to turn my head to follow it. I pulled over and began recording the light.  I recorded for approximately two minutes.  I began heading home, but thought it would be better to have another witness to the light and contacted a friend I knew would be awake at 22:38.  She was able to see the light while we were on the phone and her home is approximately 3 miles from where I was located.  She said her roommate had seen the light one his way home from a convenience store. We monitored the lights as I drove. Confirming we were ab! le to see the same lights and the same pattern of movement. The lights were spinning in a clockwise motion, rhythmically, and then it would stop, in an easterly position pause for 2-3 seconds before starting again counterclockwise. It would stop, reverse again, and rotate faster in the clockwise position before returning to the rhythmic spin.  We got off the phone so she too could record a video. I had my 15 year old come outside and view the lights when I got home (I live about 8 miles from the military facility my child’s friend had mentioned the spotlight was visible from her home 9 miles south of our location via a social media forum.  I asked if my child was able to see a ray of light from the ground and no, was not visible. Now that I did not have to divide my focus, I watched the light, could see that the light seemed almost flat, and looked high in the sky.  It was similar to shining a flat bicycle flashlight at the ground in front of you so the light spreads far and flat.  I could see passing puffy clouds, but the light did not appear to penetrate the clouds so the light was not near me, and/or not below the passing clouds. The movement remained the same, but I was not able to record the light, as my battery was too low on my phone.  While observing the light it appeared to get thinner, brighter, and/or wider. I was able to see that the cloud density effected the light penetration.  The light was definitely coming from the sky and not the ground. There was texture/color variance to the clouds the light had been ‘white’ during most of the event.  It appeared a little more yellow when it was brighter, however I do not know if that was because of the clouds or the light itself. The light stoppe! d one more time easterly, before it began to spin again and was gone.  I stopped seeing the light at approximately 2300 and it did not return. I did not witness a craft of any kind during this encounter.;30.1494920454546;-81.7474272727273
