Large cigar shaped flying about 800 feet high.  Huge square engines on back.;2012-10-10 21:00:00;3 minutes;Large cigar shaped flying about 800 feet high.  Huge square engines on back. Pulled in my driveway and seen faint light coming toward out house.  I also what looked like a small faint red light looked like it was below the white light and thought it was a helicopter with cable down a few hundred feet.  The red light was at an angle and that is when I noticed it was not helicopter but a huge cigar shaped craft flying about 800 feet high.   I was so blown away by the size that I ran into house and grabbed binoculars to see up close and fell on the way out the back down because I was so anxious of what I had just seen.  I got out side just a s it crossed my house and it was huge maybe 800-1000 feet in length and 100 feet across. It was shiny metallic with what looked like faint row of windows at top running front to back. The most amazing thing was the rear end that had a square like structure that had the red lights reflecting through some sort of engine.   The square engine was huge as tall a my house which is 2 story and double the width. I ! looked a engine with binoculars and I was amazed again as this square structure appeared to be a structure that had a grilled surface or you could see through this open vertical lines going up and down as this was a vented power source.  The red light I had seen was lots of red protruding through these open grills.  The reason I had thought it was something hanging down earlier is because this light was reflecting out and I was seeing object from a horizontal view coming toward me and it was turning toward me. I am still blown away by what I saw . I researched online but did not seen any other reports except Nashville a couple days earlier. Maybe local newspapers Morristown or Granger county had something.   Also I forgot that I heard a low humming sound as maybe a powerful electrical power source.  Also, after this passed through the area about 12 planes came from 3 different directions as if they were following it.;36.3287;-83.3133
