Triangle Craft flying in a low altitude;2003-09-21 20:30:00;1-2 Minutes;Triangle Craft flying in a low altitude This is my first report and sighting of a UFO. I've been always looking towards the skies, this was sighting was a bit startling and came at a surprise.  I've always been a skeptic and keep an open mind.  When this experience occurred, I was overwhelmed by feelings of this being something out of the ordinary. I could sense and felt a presence of being monitored perhaps.  The crazy thing about this experience, is that a week prior to this event.  I had sent an email over to the folks in Oregon/Washington area who are making exceptional claims of UFO sightings and contacts.  I can't fully remember the gentleman's name but his first name is ((name deleted)). He runs a ranch in that part of the country. Peter, I think you know, who I 'm referring to. Getting on to the story, I had sent an email to them stating send to send the UFO activity to Northern Illinois area, primarily the Chain-O-Lakes region, which is the town of Fox Lake.  I don't know if this is connected or possibly.  The UFO sighting was quick but basically simple.  My wife and I had finished shopping at the local grocery store when we had jumped in our car and proceeded Northbound on Route 12 into Fox Lake. As I had just passed the intersection of Rt 12 & Rt 134. In front of us above Rt 12. We had noticed a slow moving object with strobing white lights. From our perspective the lights we had noticed we just two white lights, unlike an airplane lights these lights were not constantly on, they were blinking on and off. So from our sight through our windshield, the pattern of the blinking was from left to right, on and off.  I had mentioned to my wife, the lights were odd because they were quite bright. In the area, we have a lot of low flying small aircraft such as single prop planes and so forth, in addition O'hare has a flight path coming in from the Northwest, but our distant from the airport is 40 miles out. So this would be impossible, because we had noticed the air traffic to our Northwest at a much higher altitude.  As we were traveling Northbound on Rt 12, we were headed toward the object. I started to panic because one of the feelings of amazement and the altitude was very low perhaps 1000 ft at best. As we had past underneath the object, I had nearly crashed the car because I was checking the local traffic around me to see if they were viewing the same object. I had rolled down the window and looked up to see that there was no sound, the lights I had saw were three white lights also one green and red in addition.  The white lights were position on each end of a perfect triangle. The red and green were somewhere on the object but can't make out exactly where. The object was flying quite slow, I couldn't make out a body because it was pitch black as far as a craft. The object was flying was as a backwards triangle, meaning the third light was positioned on the back. I wish I could have pulled over, but due to traffic. I could not.  I'm hoping someone else saw this event. It somewhat scared me, something is goi! ng here.  My email is ((e-address deleted));42.3968;-88.1682
