Two lighted objects dancing in the sky above Los Angeles on Oct. 31, 2008;2008-10-31 22:40:00;10 minutes;Two lighted objects dancing in the sky above Los Angeles on Oct. 31, 2008 Do not really know where to start so I will just begin at where we were.  At the beach on Halloween smoking cigarettes.  I went back to the house to get a sweatshirt and when I came back my brother was yelling at me telling me to hurry up.  When I meet up with him, he and my other friend were watching these two objects in the sky.  They were pretty far away, looked like they were above Los Angeles.  They did not move like planes, or helicopters.  The two objects were dancing in the sky, like kites, or Devil Rays in the ocean.  It was too spectacular so I ran to the strand to get another witness.  A Hispanic man wearing a cowboy hat walking with his son of about 8 years old, an Asian man, black woman and a group of people walking down the strand all saw it.  The man and his child, watched with me for what seemed to be about 5-8 minutes. Shortly after we began watching, we saw a stream of light stretch across the sky.  It looked like a shooting star, but we figured it was too much of a coincidence and it probably was another UFO entering into the atmosphere.  We never saw it join up with the other two objects.  We watched the two dancing, lighted objects for about 10 minutes, until they were gone. When it all was happening, they were shaped like kites.  Not really sure of how many lights there were, but they changed from bright white, and the occasional single red light.  From our view, they looked like they would dive down to the ground and float back up above the clouds.  They never traveled in straight lines,  more random directions, again they looked like they were dancing or playing with each other.  This is my story and this morning I have looked on the net to see if they were other witnesses of the event.  Have yet to find any report of it.  This is surprising to be because it was over Los Angeles which has one of the busiest air traffic area in the country.  It did not appear that any helicopters were following the lighted objects.;33.8630999999999;-118.3923
V-shaped amber lights;2008-11-17 18:20:00;approx. 2 hrs.;V-shaped amber lights On Monday, November 17, 2008 at about 6:20pm, I got out of my car and was walking towards my house when I just happened to look up in the sky and something caught my eye.  It was moving smoothly and steadily across and in a v-shape.  There were these light sorts of hazy amber lights.  I tried to count as they flew over my head--it looked like 6 lights and I couldn’t determine how far away they were, but I was so enamored, that I realized I wasn’t even breathing.  I watched as it continued to fly in a SE direction and then it disappeared.  I looked around for someone else to witness but it was too late. So, then I called my mother on my cell phone to tell her what I saw.  As I was speaking to her another one appeared so I got of the phone and ran to my neighbors.  It more or less was heading in the same direction as the last one.  By the time my neighbor got outside it was gone.  Of course, I was thinking to myself, I must have a witness or people are going to think I’m loosing it.   Well, we waited a few minutes but we didn’t see anything.  I asked my neighbor if he’s ever seen a UFO and he said ‘Actually, yes about 30 years ago I was with my young sons and I pulled over to look at my car’s engine at night and they noticed a flying object that was flying sporadically and not like an aircraft at all.’   So, after that I went inside.  But decided to go to my other neighbors who has a roof top deck. We all went on the deck and I thought to myself, what are the chances we’ll see something else.  About 10 – 15 minutes went by and the same amber triangular lights appeared from the Northwest.  This time they were closer than the two other times.  They flew right over our heads!  5 lights total in a very tight v-shape absolutely silent and the lights looked like two equal lines in a cross shape.  My neighbor’s mouths just dropped open.  None of us could utter a word and then, like the others, it disappeared to the SE direction. We all shared what we witnessed then just a couple minutes later and shooting star/meteor looking bright light shot over our heads and fizzed out.   After that we didn’t see anything else.  Quite remarkable.;33.8630999999999;-118.3923
