sliver orb, seen flying with air force one;1998-09-15 12:00:00;two   mins;sliver orb, seen flying with air force one i must go back to a year before this siteting,,,to explain what i originaly thought i saw. It was a sunny clear day,,i was out on the patio laying on a lounge chair and i happend to look up to a very clear blue sky,,,and saw a strange,,,oval silver object floating is best way i can describe this,,,,,it was floating fast from north to south,,,,,i watched it because i am out there all the time ,for twenty years or more and have never seen anything like this,,,it waw mesmerizing,,,,well i just told myself this must be a weather baloon, since i hadn't ever seen one before. The dates i have given are approximate,,it was during the last part of the clinton administration. The president was comming here to stay at a place called, Chautauqua Instution, this is a place he had visited in the past as govenor. This was to be some kind of meeting with dignitaries, i am not sure of the excate reason for this visit. The president flew in a day or so before the first lady, and came in on air force one hellichopter. A day or two later, Hillary flew in. I was home that day,,,,,and as the chopper carrying the first lady flew towards my home,,,,i went outside,,,on my front walkway to try to get a look at it, as this is not something that normally happens. I saw the chopper , which was realy loud come into clear view,,,,,on another clear sky day,,,,not a cloud in the sky that day,,,so i could see this , and it was flying very low,,,what i saw next,,,,was what realy caught my attention,,,,,and i couldnt stop looking at this shiney silver,,,,orb,,flying directly above the 'air force one chopper, that is when i thought to myself,,,this couldnt possibly be a weather balloon as i had thought the first time i saw one of these in the sky. What realy bothered me,was that i would have thought that the air space in our area would have been closed , with the first lady and airforce one flying.  I went into the house,,,,,and i couldnt help but wonder,,,,,what in hell had i just seen. How is it possible, that something would be allowed to fly,,,this close,,,,to air force one. I thought about calling someone,,,but i didnt know who,,,so i let it go,,,thinking that ,,,i couldnt possibly be the only person to see this. Its just not possible. I never heard any reports on our news about anything seen by anyone that day. All i can say,,,,,,is that god as my witness,,,,i did see a sliver oval object flying with that chopper,, right over the first lady. If it werent for that, i think i would just ignore it,,,but i felt i had to say something to someone,,,the thought of this just doesnt totaly fade awa! y. I am sure that the dates i gave that are not excate, as i dont remember excately when it was,,,,but it was in the last part of his administration. I am sure that this date can be checked in the archives of our local news paper, the jamestown post journal I have to say,,,i said nothing for fear of being ridiculed,,,,this is not something that i realy belevied in. In all the years since,,,it has bothered me to not know if anyone else had reported this that day. If there is a chance that weather balloons would have been allowed to fly that day i sure wish i knew..so i would not think about the strange siteing. This is the first time i have ever in my life seen anything odd in the sky, i hope its the last.;42.0930000000004;-79.2439999999995
