2 brightly lit hovering a/c spotted in W new york/ nw PA of april 05.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Sirius and Jupiter?  PD));2005-04-08 22:00:00;2 HOURS;2 brightly lit hovering aircraft spotted in western new york/ nw pennsylvania of april 05. I live in the city of about 60,000 people and normally cannot see the night sky clearly as the city lights obstruct my view.  But on April 8, 2005, at around 10pm, a bright light in the sky was clearly visible and almost mesmurizing.  What at first looked like a very bright star or planet had captured my eye.  After watching for about a minute, I noticed blue, then red, then yellow lights which appeared to be circling the aircraft.  At times the spacecraft would zig then zag, and you could easily see it rising and lowering slightly. I knew this wasn't a plane or helicoptor, nor was it a star or a planet. I first called my husband who was travelling home through western Pennsylvania.  He and his coworker were travelling together, and as soon as I mentioned this weird light in the sky, he claimed that they too had seen it.He said they had even stopped to get a better look.  They agree that they saw blue, red, and yellow lights and it was moving in strange directions.  He also stated there was another one that looked identical off towards the east. (I could not see the 2nd one from my window) I made phone calls to various family and friends.  All but one, went outside and witnessed it on the phone with me. A relative in Steadman, NY spotted the 2nd one as I was on the phone with him.  He and his nephew watched with binoculars and could clearly see distinction between the red and blue lights. The light slowly started to fade away at time and then would reappear as bright as ever. I slowly headed off to west by about 11:30pm.  I could still see it out my window, but it was blending in more and more with the other stars and I had to struggle to see it.  At that time I decide to take a drive out into the country where I could get a better view.  But by the time I got onto the highway, the first light had complete gone out of sight and the second was following the same direction.  They were now much farther away then when first spotted.  You could not make out the color changing lights as well, but you could still watch it hovering on the horizon. By 1pm, it was completely out of sight. My cousin, in Steadman was measuring it's location by using the utility pole in his yard.  He could not believe how an object he had watched hovering for so long could move across the sky and out of sight so quickly. I was baffled and probably will continued to be.  It was extremely exciting to have witnessed it. I hope to see other stories of last night's sky show. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested more information.  We have requested that the witnesses look again on April 9, to see if they witness the lights again.  We suspect they may be looking at Sirius in the west, and Jupiter, which currently is visible in the eastern sky during the time indicated.  PD));42.0930000000004;-79.2439999999995
