video shows Lights in my backyard are the same as reported in Texas 2008;2008-06-30 02:00:00;10 minutes;video shows Lights in my backyard are the same as reported in Texas 2008 There were three lights out the back yard moving radically.  When my husband ran outside they did not disappear but when I came out with video camera they moved faster then I had ever seen.  Then one came back through the trees and it danced for us.  I have the whole thing on video.  I even slowed it down and you can see that the craft looks like the barrel of a gun.  I thought it was some kind of drone or some high tech goverment craft till I saw a special on tv about the Texas sightings.  My video is the same thing ((NUFORC NOTE:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.3802;-83.8309
I saw orange lights that split into multiple lights while moving in an odd patterns unlike conventional a/c.;2016-12-13 19:00:00;5-10 minutes;I saw orange lights that split into multiple lights while moving in an odd patterns unlike conventional aircraft December 13, 2016, I've only seen this a couple times in my life... Today it happened again, had thank god I was not alone this time!   My mother and I were driving northbound on I-75 heading toward Home and taking notice of the sunset to our left (west) and the moon rising on our right (east).  I was compelled to look up the moon cycle and see if it was a full moon... it was Cold Moon full moon according to the iPhone ... I watched it as it got higher in the sky.   As our driving and conversing continued, I kept watching the moon by the time we got off the expressway and had made our way to US-23/M-65 for a bathroom break it was pretty bright, but smaller and it had lost its reddish tint.  Northbound on M-65 I kept my eye on it.  I remember commenting on it as it was so bright that it appeared to be in front of the clouds - I could imagine primitive earth dwellers staring in awe thinking this ball of moon was actually in our sky.  This was not at all the strange part, that I am about to tell you... We were just about home.  We had been through town, and were nearing the section of M-65 within the mile or so before the road we live on.  I was still keeping my eye on the moon, it was real pretty tonight.  I spotted what I thought was a plane, but its flashing pattern was in short bursts, almost like a camera flashing.  It was coming from the west, but its flight was also not straight, so I mentioned to my mom who was driving that I though there might be a drone up there taking pictures (also thinking it was a silly time for a drone to take pictures - its dark out)... and then as I was adjusting my head to try to see better I saw a brighter orange light almost above us.  I was seeing it through the windshield and in the part of the window at the very top where it was almost out of view and I almost passed it off as a trick of light from another car.  I looked back to where I had seen the drone/plane and it was still in the general place it was, but not exactly, like I said, its flight pattern was odd and certainly not just heading east to west.  Then I saw the orange light again and this time it was half the distance toward the other objects direction... it disappeared almost as quickly  as I saw it.  We were real close to ponderosa drive now and slowing down. It reappeared.  Not in the same spot, but close.  The other object is still flashing like a camera. The pattern of the flash was very random.  I asked my mom to stop on the corner so I can look without the car moving... by this time she has become aware of what I am seeing and has seen the orange light appear and disappear I believe at least once. We start heading back down ponderosa the rest of the way and the light has become more than one light counting 2, 3, ?  Disappearing and there is clear subtle movement between the orange lights.  I ask my mom to stop the car again an I got out to watch it from outside the car and try to get the iPhone to video it... we have both witnessed the light reappear and become three lights and move a little - I'm saying to mom out loud at this point this is just like the stuff we see on the UFO shows on TV ma - she's replying to me but I won't try and quote it cause I'm too busy trying to get the video and this is when I notice the two jets from westerly and northeasterly sky (I hear them more than I see them) - at this point I am taking mental note of the following objects I have seen... the drone/plane which at this point I believe to have seen more than one, however the orange reappearing lights have become my main concern... and the two jets. I tell my mom that I am glad she was here to witness this with me. I'm so glad you know that I am not crazy.  I'm am so glad that someone saw this with me.  We are also locking the doors tonight. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite serious-minded.  NUFORC received another similar report from a gentleman in Lincoln, MI.  PD));44.3802;-83.8309
