Hovering UFO, Bright white spear shape, no sound, extreme speed, green exhaust beam;1991-07-01 00:00:00;2 minutes;Hovering UFO, Bright white spear shape, no sound, extreme speed, green exhaust beam My story begins when I left from work early to go home, which would be around midnight in the summer of 1991.  The drive home is about 25 miles from where I worked.  The road that I traveled on goes through heavily forested land with many curves and no residences.  It was a dark, clear night, in a rural area. Now this is what happened, it’s like a scene out of a SYFY movie…  I was driving home through the woods, coming to the end of all the curves on the road, when all the sudden a man was standing out in the middle of the road (in the middle of nowhere) with his hands up in the air motioning me to stop.   I noticed he had blood dripping from his head.  I was hesitant to stop, God only knows why there is blood dripping from his head and I see nothing around us, no car, no homes, no one!  However, I did stop.  I made sure my doors were locked and I rolled down the window just a crack to speak to him.  He said “I just got in a car accident and I want you to drive me back to another city.”   Because I was a young female, and I didn’t see any evidence of a car accident, I told him to sit on the shoulder of the road, and I would go get help for him (no cell phone at the time), so I continued driving.  After arriving on the last curve, I came upon an accident scene, the police were there searching for the driver/victims of the vehicle.  I pulled over and told the police, “There is a bloody man back there a couple curves away.”   The police jumped in their car and sped off.  Meanwhile, a guy I knew from high school was there at the scene.  He was passing by on his motorcycle with his buddy.  He said to me, “This accident was pretty bad, pull up your car and put the headlights on it to see it.”  So I jumped in my car pulled it around so the headlights lit up the area.   When I got back out of my car, I continued to talk with them.  I was facing them and they were facing me, and that’s when something got my attention out of the corner of my eye!  All of the sudden, it appeared out of nowhere, hovering above this huge tree in the woods. It had no sound, and it was sphere shape (like a ball).  It was the brightest white light I’ve seen and you could actually look at it and it wouldn’t hurt your eyes.  I couldn’t see anything other than this big ball of white light, but you know something was in it, but all I could see was the illumination of it.   As I was seeing this unfold before my eyes, all I could say was, “OH MY GOD.”  When I said that, the guys saw the expression on my face and asked me, “What”? What?  I couldn’t even speak to them at this point because my eyes were fixed on it, and this UFO moved so fast that it’s unbelievable!   I watched the UFO going from hovering to the heights of the heavens in the blink of an eye.  As the UFO traveled it had a fluorescent green exhaust beam come from the back of it!  I remember the night being so clear and you could see the stars.   All this happened within 30 seconds or less.  The UFO’s speed and destinations have no limits.  I used to watch the Stealth fighter fly and this UFO's speed makes the Stealth Fighter look like a standstill compared to it.  By the time I got the words out of my mouth, “Oh my God,” that is the amount of time the UFO needed to go from hovering at a standstill to going out into outer space!  How on earth do you measure that speed?   The UFO flew in an upward Northwest direction.  I’ll never forget this night.  I was standing outside very close to the UFO, I was on the ground, and it was above the tree.  I was scared and shaken after this.  I knew UFO’s were real, they do exist!;44.3802;-83.8309
