2 Saucer  Dish Like objects in the sky glowing orange;2010-07-04 21:25:00;5-10 Minutes;2 Saucer  Dish Like objects in the sky glowing orange My Boyfriend, and I, were outside grilling some food on the 4th of July 2010.  It was approximately 9:25 pm or so when I sat down at the table and I was watching the neighbors down the block blowing off some fireworks in the distance.  I got up and walked to the back of the yard so I could see if I could see any other fireworks going off.  As I looked over the front of my house, I seen this object coming toward me. It was orange in appearance, and was almost like glowing, like an aura around it or something. It made no noise what so ever.  It was almost silent, but looked almost like it was spinning the body part of it, but was just moving forward.  It was the strangest thing!  I started freaking out, and yelled for my boyfriend.   As he came over it was now almost right over the front of our house. It wasn’t very high in the sky maybe a couple hundred feet above our trees.  He ran into the house, and tried to grab the camera, but by the time he came back it was alre! ady over our neighbors house, and hidden by their trees. I kept watching in the sky, turning in circles hoping I would see it again.  Maybe 2  minutes later another one appeared in the same direction the first one appeared to of come from.  This one was way up high still in the sky coming down from the clouds.  It seemed to stay up in the clouds as it moved along heading toward my direction kind of diagonal though along my fence line.  An airplane was coming in the sky toward it I believe it was maybe like 9:28-9:30 pm or so by now not sure. As the airplane headed toward this unidentified object it went back up in the sky, and the lights seem to disappear, or go off.  The aircraft then was over the spot where this craft was, and went passed it. I thought it was gone but then it came down out of the clouds but behind my house in the sky.  This time the craft came down and had it’s lights out and seemed to be a bit bigger than the other one that went over my house.  I could clearly see this space craft because of the street lights behind m! y house in the court. It was clearly a flying saucer, disk shaped.  It was grey, silverfish looking,  and was flying quietly. It was moving very slowly like hovering, or scoping things out.  Then it began to speed up and looked like it was coming down.  It was flying like it was looking for a place to land, or  something . It disappeared on the other side of the block past the trees where I couldn’t see. I didn’t report this to Local police department. I know how people get treated, when they report these things to police departments, and say they see UFO’s. I know what I saw, and it wasn’t no airplane, fireworks, none of that. I got a good clear view of these objects, and I am positive about what I seen. There has to be others here in town that seen this. I don’t know if anyone else might of reported this here in town. They didn’t say anything about it in the local papers, but that isn’t surprising where we live. I just want to report this, so if others have seen anything, they will know they aren’t the only ones, and it is documented!;41.6920760000001;-88.1001700000002
