The date of this sighting is unknown, so I did best guess. This is among many many sightings I've had as a kid. This is the most memora;1983-05-01 21:00:00;2-5 minutes;The date of this sighting is unknown, so I did best guess. This is among many many sightings I've had as a kid. This is the most memorable.  Coming home from church on a, probably, Sunday night, I was riding in the back of the car with my sister. My mother and father were in front of car. I was about eight years old. I was watching the night sky, looking for more of what I saw alot of, bright lights that would chase each other through the sky and come together again in a huddle.  Now, I did not see these bright lights every night, but on occasion along with the very frequent meteorites, I would see these bright objects. I'd often ask my father what they were. I asked him if jets or helicopters in the military could do that. He'd tell me, no... and that he had no idea what they were.  This night it was a full moon out. I was looking out my window and my sister was gazing out of hers. I was looking at the moon when I noticed a light off to the right of the moon blinking. It was more than one light, in fact it was a few rows of lights that were of varying color. Then, I noticed that I could see the lights reflecting off of a metallic surface. I also noticed the entire shape of the craft was cylindrical. A flat cylinder much like the same proportion of a tin can of cookies. It was hovering over the tree tops. It was, I noticed, above the trees as high as the trees were tall.  The strange part was yet to come. I was excited to finally see one up close! The craft moved to where it was slowly moving along side the car over the tree line. In my point of view it was getting closer to the full moon. When it got just in front of the moon two beams of light lit from it, much like a car's headlights. The craft slowed to a stop. The wierd thing I remember about the lights is that they stopped as if hitting some invisible object. I cold actually see the ends of the light beams. Then, the two beams crossed over forming an elongated X. The craft then slowly moved back the other way and finally out of sight as our car got further and further away.  My sister to this day remembers it. My parents only remember the strange lights we'd see, I don't think they actually saw this event, but they remember me continually talking about it. I know that strange craft fly the skies, folks.  Over the years I've talked with many people who have told me what they've seen. Sightings in Charlottesville... Waynesboro (one I saw on here, I swear that I've talked to a lady about.. the one that talks of the spinning rod and ring over a person's house)  I can't claim that aliens as we think of them, exist. I think it's very possible, but what I do know for sure is that there are things in the skies that are not usually seen during the day that fly. Crafts of some sort, no doubt, that someone does not want us knowing too much about. Hey, keep up the information, the research, too many people know all of these things are true. Never stop your pursuit of the truth.  I often wonder why there are alot more science fiction movies and shows coming out in the past 10 years? Anyone else taking notice  it?;37.3740708333333;-77.5857875
