MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  This object passed directly overhead, diagonally, back to front, horizon;1987-07-01 16:00:00;2 - 3 minutes;I was on vacation, fishing with my two sons (ages 10 and 6).  This object passed directly overhead, diagonally, back to front, horizon to horizon.  It was at low altitude, maybe 3,000 feet.  It was cylindrical, traveling horizontally.  It was absolutely silent, looking as if suspended from above.  The sides were covered uniformly with pipes, conduits and other mechanical devices, similar to the spaceships in Star Wars.  The ends however, were flat, circular, and appeared polished.  The whole thing was some type of dark metal. The object was narrower in the center and wider at the ends, like an hourglass, but less so.  The sun was low in the sky, to the left of the object, so the direction of travel would have been northwest. There were two small airplanes of the civil aviation type in the sky at the time. These were not fat away, maybe a mile or two directly in front of us.  I could hear the sound of their engines clearly.  The object passed between us and the airplanes, diagonally. That made it easier to estimate the size, altitude, etc. and to be certain it was silent, or very quiet.  The size was similar to a large airliner.  People in the airplanes would certainly have seen it. I doubt I was misidentifying some conventional object.  I have no seen anything like it, before or sense.  My older son remembers the incident when reminded.  My younger son is now deceased. Report taken by  B.Becker / ufomig@yahoo.com MIG: Missouri Investigators Group http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  We express our sincere gratitude to Barb Becker, and the Missouri Investigators Group, for sharing the information with NUFORC.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));36.3024;-91.5269
