Flying object observed;1980-10-15 19:00:00;6 minutes;Flying object observed October,1980 @ 7pm:  While sitting in the car, waiting to pick up the kids from church, I looked out of the windshield and saw a bunch of lithe up windows in the sky about 700 to 800 feet high.  My wife who was also in the car, witness the sighting.  I jumped out of the car, and I observed a large craft that resembled a building that appeared to be on its side.  It had what appeared to me to be windows, like an office building and they were all dimly lithe up with yellow lights.  There were many windows throughout the craft, and not all of the windows were lithe up.  Other than the lights that were in the windows, there were no other visibible lights throughout the craft.  The size of the windows appeared to me to be about 7 foot tall and 4 foot wide, with perfect corners. The craft was about 300 yards long (and not clear on how wide or deep it was).  It was quiet with no sound at all. It was very windy that night. The craft was slow moving and on an even keel.  It was traveling south bound. The first ! pass lasted about 3 minutes, and then disappeared, long enough for me to get back into my car.  Then it came back on a north bound track and again that lasted about 3 minutes.  It appeared to be a dark color and not shinny, like a grey almost black in color. We tried to make a report by calling the airport, but we could never get through because all of the lines were giving us a busy signal.  There were two other men that witness the craft that night. I never got their names, and do not know if they also tried to make a report.  I am an experienced pilot and airplane builder. I have no logical explanation as to why this type craft was flying that night. A craft of that size and shape I find it impossible to have any type of flying capabilities. I can only assume, but if there were occupants on this craft, (in my opinion) there is no way that they could be small individuals and had to have been rather large, judging from the size of the windows. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));30.4833142857143;-90.9038551020408
