I know ancient history is frowned upon,but here goes.I've been around aircraft(experimental or otherwise) all my life,and nothing com;1988-11-01 21:00:00;45 seconds;I know ancient history is frowned upon,but here goes.I've been around aircraft(experimental or otherwise) all my life,and nothing compares to what four others and myself whitnessed that night.We were taking our last break of the night(swing shift)We were located out the backside of the plant smoking cigarettes,when out of the north,on the west side of interstate 205 came a noiseless tumbling baton with yellow and red lights on opposing ends was on a southerly heading,I looked up and saidwhat the hell is thatthe others I was with turned on heel and looked in the direction I was pointing,staring in amazment...the object stopped tumbling and made some lateral zig-zag movements and stopped,hung stationary for a second,then with amazing speed darted off in a south westerly heading and out of sight within two seconds...all the while without so much as a roar,sonic boom,or noise of any kind.We all just stood there in dis-belief,and some joking comments came from a couple of the other guys likewow,a flash backorI did'nt just see that did I?I've never really told anyone else about this incident until now… ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  PD));45.4111;-122.517604761905
7-9 Amber colored, zig-zag patern. I CANNOT be the only one that saw these! I took pix too.;2004-01-21 20:26:00;1-2 min.;7-9 Amber colored, zig-zag patern. I CANNOT be the only one that saw these! I took pix too. At the time listed above it was partly cloudy. I just finished warming up my car and leaving the parking lot when I saw about 5 up-right rectangles (cylinders), amber (like street lamps) in color, slowly come out of the clouds. I was facing West, they were heading East. First 5 then 6,7... I stoped counting. I franticlly grabed my old Nikkon SLR in the dark and put the telephoto lens on the best I could without seeing much of what I was doing. I managed to get off 3 pictures then ran out of film. I continued tring to take the best mental notes I could they were in a zig-zag pattern (horizontally),then broke formation. The Northern-most one vanished in the clouds, another went North, a couple southern ones went South, the middle one was the most interesting because I could watch it with out any possible abstrution from clouds. I watched it go up, up, up through the clearing eventually vanishing. I later called PDX (airport) and told them my story. They said that it was reflactions of a jet in the clouds (I saw no jets,blinking lights, or heard sound). She was unable to help, so she directed me to this site. I saw these lights no more that 8 miles south-east of Portland, there has to be someone eles that saw them. As for my pix, the photo depatment could only do so much for my poor photography. Can I send the negatives to someone who can develope them more effectivelly?;45.4111;-122.517604761905
