UFO over central Wisconsin seen while snowmobiling;2011-01-24 01:10:00;30 minutes;UFO over central Wisconsin seen while snowmobiling It was a cold January night in north central Wisconsin.  I left my house at 0:40 and fired up my snowmobile warmed it up and took off it seemed just like always no problems at all.  I rode around my fields for about 10-15 minutes before setting off into the woods and I arrived at the gate to the next portion of my land. I got off of the snowmobile and took a picture of the snowmobile with my cellphone (picture taken at 1:01:23 01/24/11) before opening the gate and taking off.  I was riding about 30mph checking out the scenery when I noticed off in the distance (I was heading south) through the tree tops 2 bright white lights that where heading towards me and I towards it like 2 huge white eyes I could see through the trees. I crashed off the trail where it curved off to the right and dodged trees and brush and shot back up on the trail where I came to a 80-90 yard clearing where there is no tree cover then my snowmobiles voltage regulator went out and my head l! ight and tail light got really bright then burnt out. Then almost immediately after that my engine died completely. The object was now directly over me and I noticed it had an oval shaped outline I could just barely make out against the night sky. I became mesmerized at the object like a deer in the headlights. I stared up at the object for awhile and the object just hovered silently about 20 feet above the tree line. After some time it lifted up higher into the sky and hovered for a moment before shooting to the north in an instant. I soon started to  snap out of my daze and sat down on my sled to just think about what I had just seen. I sat for awhile before I started to feel fear and a panic seemed to set in. I could just feel my adrenaline flowing through out the whole experience but I really felt a big rush when this panic to get home kicked in. I pulled the starter on my sled so many times before I sat and looked at my phone and the time was now 3:47 according to my c! ell phone and I have a great sense of time. I cant explain whe! re the t ime went I know I was not out there for 3 hours.  It seemed like I only experienced this object very for maybe 40 minutes.  But back to the report. I tried pulling again and after many many pulls it started but it just backfired really bad and lacked power. It could barely speed up to 25mph before shutting off and having to pull it so many times until  it started again. I finally got home at around 5:00.  Still I cant explain the time.;45.1783;-89.6914999999999
