Hovering orange blue and orange lights on craft over rural PA entities seen and photographed.;2019-01-28 00:19:00;2 hours;Hoovering orange blue and orange lights on craft over rural PA entities seen and photographed On the of evening 28th of January, 2019, just past midnight, I experienced/witnessed sights and sounds I fail to find a logical explanation for.  I live in rural PA and at night it is pitch black dark outside of my house and there has always been odd flashing lights in the woods.  I chalked them up to deer tracking devices of some sort which I was able to catch on camera.  This night I was sleeping on the couch and I heard what sounded like a vacuum of air being sucked out of the room and some sort of train whistle as well as whistling noises.  I went to my back deck and snapped a few pics and in one there is an odd blue gauge of some sort and a circular craft with orange lights hoovering over the trees.  My brain was still not processing what I was witnessing – it just seemed suspended in air with no sound then shot right up out of sight. I went inside and ran into my room and snapped some more pics from outside of my South facing window.  I caught what looks like to hairless figures staring right into my window – I did NOT see them in real time and after that I don’t recall much to be honest- I only have what is on my cameras and my hand held device.  I know this sounds absolutely absurd but I am a rather logical professional/corporate college grad with advanced degrees and I have no explanation for what I see and hear on these videos.  I use the BLINK security system so my home surveillance is directly linked/alerts to motion on my cell phone which is how I am assuming I was able to record this. I have gone through 4 laptops in 18 months.  They just totally shut down- this morning I checked my amazon photos account which tracks everything and there are photos and videos on there I did not take or I don’t recall taking.  Odd photos and videos seem to start on January 4th, 2019. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.2363;-75.2960000000001
