3 red lights in triangular formation seen in Lansdale, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.;2002-06-30 21:00:00;1 minute;3 red lights in triangular formation seen in Lansdale, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. I have no idea what year I saw this but I know it was sometime between 2000-2004 in the summer months.  I was standing on the front porch of my parents house in Upper Gwynedd, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.  I was catching a smoke and I looked out straight off my porch to the horizon where I saw 3 solid red lights in a triangular formation.  To give an idea of size, if I put my thumb up, I probably could’ve have covered all 3 from site.  I know this doesn't give a clear idea of size since there are too many variables.  There were no sounds from the objects. I am disheartened as I definitely dismissed this as nothing at the time and now I don‘t know when it happened.  I really always thought it had to be something that I just didn't know of.   But, I just finished watching an hour long show on the Chicago Tinley Park siting, which had supposedly been seen around the world in a matter of days.  Chills ran down my spine watching this as this is exactly what I saw.  And while the lack of date of occurrence, it is definitely possible that it happened in 2004, around the same time as the Tinley incident (which also happened in the summer.)  I will say, the minor differences, the lights in my case seemed to be closer together, and they unfortunately fell slowly below the horizon which has a high tree line.  However, this very well could’ve been the objects moving away from me, but I just don't know.  I can also say with certainty, that the objects moved in perfect unison and the lights were perfectly solid (no flickering/dimming).  There is NO way these were flares or aircraft lights.  There is a great deal of aircraft traffic in my area from Philadelphia International Airport.  Their landing pattern goes right over the Landsdale area.  There is also an innumerable amount of small plane airports in the area.  I'm used to seeing commercial aircraft, small planes, military aircraft from Willow Grove Air Base, helicopters from Merck, helicopters from Medivac Hospitals. To add to my credibility, I have never seen UFO’s before, and even after this incident, I was doubtful that I saw anything unexplainable (only I couldn‘t explain it).  I am an audio video technician so I know the intricacies of video and the differences of seeing something with the naked eye vs. an image or video from a camera’s CCD or film.  These objects very well may have been the same as the videos from Chicago.  And one thing the show did not touch on is this eye/camera differences.  I can say the lights were probably the same because they were perfectly solid, and there’s little doubt in my mind that the lights seen in Chicago were just as solid.  Most people don’t realize that a camera will never see a solid light as perfectly solid.  And judging by the videos I just saw, they seemed like they very well could’ve been perfectly solid, made seemingly flickering from camera abarition. Well, that’s it.  I’m sure I’m just one in thousands with this siting, but I wanted to add my two cents.  MUCH THANKS to the History Channel for bringing this in the public eye…I may never have acknowledged what I experienced as something important!!!;40.2363;-75.2960000000001
