Awesome spectaular;2012-01-28 17:00:00;30sec;awesome spectaular i look up and saw a green shooting star during day light heading north west over head.  It was fast but slower then a star.  it took 20 sec to flyt over head. it traveled  the same direction till it was out of sight..;40.2363;-75.2960000000001
Multiple bright red objects flying in various formations from North West to Southeast approx 20 miles NW of PIA;2015-04-04 20:20:00;4 minutes;Multiple bright red objects flying in various formations from North West to Southeast approx 20 miles NW of PIA Multiple Red objects seen on Saturday, 4-4-15 – ((address deleted)) Drive, Lansdale PA At approximately 8:20 PM we were in front of my home with a relative from New York.  We were looking at the rising moon in the East and noticed how clear and warm it was in comparison to the previous weekends.   We first saw a group of 13 red objects coming from the North West and they appeared to by flying in several formations. The first few flew in a configuration that looked like the constellation Sagittarius with two vertical V shaped formations of 3 objects following this constellation resembling formation. Since we live in the landing patterns for Philadelphia International Airport we are quite familiar with the heights, speeds and sounds of approaching, circling and departing aircraft.  There were no sounds associated with these objects and they seemed to fly past us at about 4-6k ft at about 400 mph.  About twice the speed we would normally see landing aircraft and about the height you would anticipate a plane to be landing at PIA.  The objects were about twice the size of a passenger jet at this height.  They all seemed to be identical.  My cousin seemed to think they were V-shaped but all I saw was an oval Red Light. The objects were bright Red in all the groups.  The second group followed the first after an interval of about 10 seconds.  They were heading on the same course, Northwest to Southeast toward the rising full moon.  The second group was a group of 9 objects flying almost at the same heights and speed as the first group.  I had my cell phone and began taking video and stills.  Surprising but the Video did not capture the objects, but my stills did.  The second group flew with the first 6 objects flying in a half moon shape followed by 3 in a vertical line.  At this point I called my wife outside and she did not know what to make out of them. When we thought they were gone another group of 3 following the same course, height and speed flew by, followed by another group of 3, then a few seconds later another group of 3.  All were Red and all followed the same course.  These were flying in a triangle, isosceles, with the two creating the base flying East and one tailing the other two.  As they flew towards the rising moon they all disappeared climbing out of site, as they flew East.  However, they all were climbing through the area of our vision, but seemed to be starting at a lower altitude from the West and climbing going East until they faded out of view. We have never seen anything like this especially with no associated sounds or flashing lights.  Observers were an electrical engineer(male), tax accountant (female) and kindergarten teacher (female). Previously all skeptical on UFO's. Someone else had to see these with the amount of objects in the sky. We look forward to hearing if anyone else saw these.;40.2363;-75.2960000000001
