Silver sphere following plane two occasions in 5 minutes, broad daylight, obviously a structure of sort;2014-01-06 16:00:00;5 minutes;Silver sphere following plane two occasions in 5 minutes, broad daylight, obviously a structure of sort I was driving to a local retailer in daylight hours.  Temperature outside was very cold. As we were driving down a local street, I looked up to notice many long un-dispersed trails from airplanes all heading in the same direction.  As I looked around, I noticed one plane flying directly ahead/overhead with leaving a cloud trail.  I watched for about 3 or 4 seconds when I noticed a sphere shape silver ball, at my guess from where I was, a football field or so trailing behind it, seemingly at the same speed as the plane.  The silver sphere was obviously tangible.  It was reflecting the sunlight as it was beginning to set and did not seem to be spinning, but could have just been the reflection off the sphere.  It followed the plane for a minute or two, this whole time, i am showing my brother who is driving. He pulled over and we watched it follow the plane for another minute or so as it goes off into a large cloud covering the horizon.  While looking arou! nd for anything else, I notice another plane coming from the same general direction as the last at a slightly different angle.  Once again, this plane was also leaving a cloud trail, and once again there was surely a silver sphere following the plane.  I kept thinking, don't these planes see these orbs??? they are so close to them!  Neither the silver orbs or the planes were blinking or showing any lights.  All objects were close enough to make direct shape and design out of.  So as this one goes off into the horizon also, the sphere NEVER blinking out of sight, surely a physical object, a fighter jet swoops in, no cloud trail, very fast, coming from more from the side of me, not the same exact direction as the previous planes.  This jet plane had an extremely bright yellowish white light beaming out of the bottom of it. Ive never seen a light this bright on a plane, a fighter plane.  The jet plane soars off into the horizon, the same location the other planes flew in.  I watched t! he skies for another 10 minutes, nothing. another plane flew by several minutes after the sightings, also giving off cloud trails, but no spheres were noticed.;40.2363;-75.2960000000001
