Very large and bright low hanging light in the sky, lasted for about 45 minutes before it dissapeared.;2010-05-19 21:15:00;45 minutes;Very large and bright low hanging light in the sky, lasted for about 45 minutes before it dissapeared. It was just after dusk, it was clear and the crescent moon was out as well as other stars.  I was on my way home from the store and my daughter,who is 5yrs. old, said she made a wish on the wishing star.  When I looked at the star she was pointing at I noticed that it was not the planet Venus, which was the largest star besides the moon in the sky and in the wrong place, it wasn't a star at all.  It was just a very large, very bright light hanging low in the sky.  I was driving home about 10 minutes though open fields and in a large valley which you can see the mountains in the distance.  I kept it in view as much as I could, it was very low to the ground and varied in its brightness, but I couldn't get a good look at the shape.   As I approached our road, I realized that it was hovering somewhere around my house, so I turned in my lane and when I got back to the house it was over the woods directly behind my house. I got my camera and took a few still pics with the! night vision.  I would have taken video but my disc was full.   So I watched it for several more minutes and talked to my husband on the phone outside while watching it and then after we hung up I decided to get back in the car and try to get a better look at it on the next road over, because it was dancing behind the trees.  I took my daughter and we rode to the next road over, but it was gone.   I live in a fly through area and we get lots of planes and aircraft, but nothing like this. It was silent and very bright, much brighter and closer to the ground than a star could ever be. Im not sure what it was. I hope someone else saw it too.  Thanks.;39.761;-77.5672
Bright, big yellow light low in the sky above rural Waynesboro, Pa.;2011-10-17 21:40:00;8 sec;Bright, big yellow light low in the sky above rural Waynesboro, Pa. I was driving along Old Forge Road  at about 9:40pm.  When all of the sudden a very bright and large yellow light appeared.  It also had a weird red glow around the yellow light. It stayed in one position.  Did not move.  It lasted around 8 seconds, then just went out like someone turned a light switch off.   Very weird.  I wish I had my camera.  I was the only car on that road within a mile.;39.761;-77.5672
Bright red firey light moving silently across the sky, then went up and disappeared.;2014-04-18 18:00:00;10 minutes;Bright red firey light moving silently across the sky, then went up and dissapeared. Myself and two other people were working on a lawn tractor in a nice suburban neighborhood trying to get it started.  We are in the age range of late teen to early 20's. We do not drink. I had already gotten dark.   My one friend said, “woa, look at that!”. In the west/northwest sky we saw a very bright red light.  It came up over the houses, and then began to silently hover. 	We thought it was a parachute flare because it looked fairly low, however I know for a fact that most parachute flares only stay lit for 40 seconds.  It had that bright red fiery glow flares have!  They also make noise when being fired off when you’re at a close distance. This stayed lit for around 5 minutes.  It began to fade, but never came down.  In fact I believe it faded because it was going up!  Eventually it looked like it went up into the clouds.  It then disappeared. 	Well, it was very interesting.  That alone made us excited.  Then after around 10 minutes later, the same light came back down briefly!  It hovered again for maybe a minute, then went back up again and disappeared.  Nobody else saw it from what I know. I don’t understand how somebody else could not  have seen it!  It was too amazing to be ignored.  This is the second time I have seen this type of ufo in my town.  The first was about two years ago.  We are close to several military bases including Site R, and Camp David if that has anything to do with it.   I take my video camera with me wherever I go...of coarse on this night I decided to leave it home!  Never again will I make this mistake.;39.761;-77.5672
Stationary light shot  upwards at a high rate of speed.;2020-08-22 06:00:00;5 minutes;Stationary light shot  upwards at a high rate of speed. This morning about 600 am im sitting on the porch watching the sunrise.  I see a silver object in the sky and think it Venus.  It then shoots straight up.  I Took the shot before it disappeared.  I took a picture of it as it streaked upward.;39.761;-77.5672
