The ufo used simulated police lights to pull me over and then just sat there apparently observing me.;1969-01-20 19:00:00;5 minutes or so;The ufo used simulated police lights to pull me over and then just sat there apparently observing me. I will never forget the winter of 1969.  That's when I saw my first ufo or rather I should say it saw me and I'd like to add that I'm not prone to hallucinations nor strong drink. I think my sighting is very unique in that I was pulled over by a ufo. Let me elaborate. I left my house to go to my dads one evening about dark. I didn't have far to go as he only lived about 5 miles from me. As I was about halfway there, I saw revolving blue lights in my rearview mirrow. As I was in the city limits of town, I thought naturally that it was the local police pulling me over for a traffic violation, so I pulled  over and stopped. I looked rearward and was shocked to find no one there. No police car, nothing. I then looked to my immediate right and saw an immense object just sitting there over a citrus grove. I had the distinct impression that it was observing me and I felt like they wanted me to see it. To say that I was apprehensive is a bit of an understatment. Yet, I was fascinated. It was an absolutely beautiful craft. It was huge. (I estimated it to about 50 to 75 yards in diameter.) It was well enveloped in light which didn't seem to radiate outward much if at all.  It appeared to be made of a metal similiar to aluminum.(bright and shiny) There was absolutely no sound whatever. Having read of numerous abductions as I've always had an interest in the ufo enigma, I felt that my best recourse would be to leave. (I was scared stiff) After I left, I looked back and it was gone. I don't know why, but for a long time after that, I couldn't seem to tell anyone about it. Like it wasn't important or something. I didn't have any missing time so I'm quite sure that I wasn't abducted. Another strange thing about this is that the ufo or whatever it was didn't arrive and leave in the conventional matter. It just appeared and then dissapeared. Poof, gone. It was the most vivid scene I've ever saw.I shall never forget it and sometimes I wish I could see it again.;27.877765116279;-81.578751744186
We Saw Disc-Like Object, Flashing Bright Lights and Smaller Lights Dotting The Sky;2005-01-24 20:10:00;10 min;We Saw Disc-Like Object, Flashing Bright Lights and Smaller Lights Dotting The Sky We were on Hwy. 60 near River Ranch and Lake Wales, Fl when I noticed big lights on an object in the sky - it looked like a disk with lots of lights (window like) which was moving about 45 degrees from the horizen.  At this same time, I saw bright lights resembling a flare ( about a half-dozen) that sparked and then were gone.  In addition there were little lights flashing all over that area that reminded me of grasshoppers jumping from place to place. We tried to pull off of the highway in a safe place, finally found one and my husband got out the binoculars and by the time he got them adjusted, the disk-like object was gone.  However, I still saw the bright lights (a second time), and the little lights dancing around like grasshoppers were all over the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Wife's report of same event reported by husband.  Event was reported to have occurred on Monday evening, January 24, 2005.  We have amended the date above.  PD)) ((COMMENT FROM READER)) Likely explaination for sighting in Lake Wales  1/24/2005 Referencing the sighting reported on this date, I am very familiar with this area. The direction the folks were traveling (east) and the fact the wife sighted the lights to her right (south), this was most likely military activity over Avon Park Bombing Range. Flares are frequently dropped from high flying aircraft that float slowly on parachutes. The high altitudes and distance make the flares seem motionless without a reference. ((END COMMENT));27.877765116279;-81.578751744186
