I had a very close encounter with a ufo.  It was almost on top of my truck.  They were observing me and had forced me pull over.;1970-01-16 19:00:00;15 mins.;I had a very close encounter with a ufo.  It was almost on top of my truck.  They were observing me and had forced me pull over. One Sunday evening in the winter of 1970 about 7:pm, I had decided to go to my fathers house which was only about 6 or 7 miles away.  I turned left off Hy. 60 which led me south on a rural road.  I had proceeded no more than about 100 yds. when I was stopped by what ap- peared to be police lights.  Having pulled over, I looked back and was perplexed not to see a police car. (I thought it was the local pol- ice because I was now in the city limits of town.)  I thought per- haps I had been speeding or something.  At that moment, the interior of my pickup was flooded with light.  I then realized that a ufo had pulled me over by using simulated police lights and that they were now observing me.  The craft was by now very visible and exceedingly close.  It was about 50 yds. off to my right and about a telephone poles' height from ground level.  It was very luminous and quite large as big as a football field.  It seemed to be constructed of a shiny material somewhat like aluminum and was the typical saucer shape.  (Like two saucers put together.)  I observed the craft for a few moments and left as I had read of abductions and I didn't want to be in that category. (scared stiff)  I saw no aliens. There were several things about this sighting that to me were peculiar.  The first was the use of police lights and the second was the fact that this happened in a well-populated area (a church and hospital were nearby) as well as in a residential area.  Also, the craft appeared suddenly and disappeared just as quickly.  (It didn't just fly in or out, it literally disappeared.)  There was absolutely no sound of any kind. I would like to point out that I have never been prone to hallucinations and have always been a very moderate drinker. (At this particular time I didn't drink at all and in any event I have never drank so much that I would see things like that.) I have always considered myself a normal, well-adjusted person and have always kept an open mind to the ufo phenomena.  I am now a staunch believer.  Thank you for taking the time to read this.;27.877765116279;-81.578751744186
