It was shortly after 7 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 15, 2007, when I noticed a bright object in the sky. It was a bright light, not unlike a sat;2007-12-15 19:05:00;5 seconds;It was shortly after 7 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 15, 2007, when I noticed a bright object in the sky. It was a bright light, not unlike a satellite but moving in a north to south direction Brighter than any star. There were no other lights or colors associated with it. It continued moving south in atypical movements characteristics of an airplane or helicopter. It didn’t move like an airplane and there was no noise. It was traveling fairly fast and suddenly slowed down and them took a short oblique move to the right and then to the left and the continued south. Too fast and abrupt to be a helicopter or aircraft. It continued south for two or three seconds and then started to fade and disappear. Did not get a chance to observe it with binoculars. Within seconds after the light faded away, an aircraft (identified by flashing red and blue lights and noise) appeared above the tree line due south and passed directly along the same path as the object but heading north. There was no bright white present as with the unidentified object. I was in a hurry to meet my wife and couldn’t stay around to check further. I thought the aircraft I observed heading north may have seen the UFO and perhaps was pursuing it???  Analysis: It appeared the object saw the approaching aircraft and started to turn to avoid it but finally vanished to hide. Credentials:  I served in the Air Force Civilian Observation Corps as an observer and worked at the local Filter Center for a two year period in Syracuse, NY. Visually sighting aircraft and identifying them to call in to the Filter Center radar gaps. I’m very familiar with multiple aircraft at all altitudes. I served in the Air Force as a Radar/Radio technician. I spent 1 ½ years in Viet Nam as an Engineering Writer for the DoD. Grad Degree: BS in Math and Science Worked in Aero Space programs for 20 years  Engineering missiles     (Polaris, Centaur, Minuteman, Pershing and Sam-Ds.) I’m also an Armature Astronomer  use an 8-Inch reflecting telescope;27.877765116279;-81.578751744186
Orange, low flying & silent orb in bad weather.;2013-06-29 21:38:00;10 seconds;Orange, low flying & silent orb in bad weather At approximately 21:38 hours my wife & I stepped onto our covered back porch, which faces E/NE to have a cigarette.  Immediately she called my attention to the part of the sky that is visible below the porch’s roofline and to a bright orange.  From there we both witnessed it slowly and silently float toward the E/NE. At the time the conditions outside were wet and very overcast.  This orange orb traversed our field of view in approximately ten seconds, which led me to believe that it was not a Chinese lantern.  In fact my first thought was that it could be a meteor however I feel that it moved to slowly. As I mentioned the weather was poor and the clouds were low but I can’t say for certain what altitude the orb was traveling at.  If I were to guess I would say 300 to 500 feet. At our horizon, which due to our house being at the bottom of a hill was only maybe 100 yards from us, is a grouping of trees.  The orb passed over these trees and for a few seconds we could still see it through the branches and leaves on the other side.  Then it was gone. We came inside and noted that the time was 21:38. As a side note the evening before this sighting my wife and I saw an unusual light over a mile to the east.  It moved very slowly and in our opinion was either a helicopter, though we heard no sound or a balloon, though it moved quicker than I feel a balloon would.   After last night I can only say it was a UFO.;27.877765116279;-81.578751744186
Around 10pm on August 2013 myself and a friend were standing in his driveway(facing south) shooting the breeze when we both witnessed t;2013-08-15 22:00:00;5 seconds;Around 10pm on August 2013 myself and a friend were standing in his driveway (facing south) shooting the breeze when we both witnessed two huge spheres in the sky.  The spheres were approximately two or three miles away which would place them directly over lake easy, a lake we're both very familiar with.  I would say the altitude was roughly two thousand feet.  The spheres were not staggered in any way but perfectly side by side as if attached to something.   The first sphere simply appeared,within approximately one sec. a second sphere materialized directly to its left.  Both spheres were visible for about two or three seconds and were very close to one another.   The first sphere to appear (on the right) simply vanished followed by the second one doing the exact same no more than one second later.  Both spheres were pure white and emitted an amazing red to orange aura.  Neither sphere made any sound at all.   During the sighting the entire neighborhood as well as the surrounding area was bathed in this orange glow.  Honestly, it's hard for me to put into words just how awe inspiring this orange glow was, not to mention the vast area it covered.  Both spheres were absolutely identical in every way.   Concerning the size of these objects they were simply enormous.  The white of the spheres were approximately the size of a lime if held 12 inches in front of one's face, and the aura was the size of a cantaloupe if held at the same distance.  The aura's never touched one another and there was a space roughly 1 to 1.5 inches between the two.   Both myself and the other witness to this event grew up together and lived only a couple miles away from one another as children.  We both lived next to an Air Force testing range and have witnessed many live fire and bombing exercises including flares being shot from aircraft as well as mortar tubes.  What we witnessed was DEFINITELY NOT a flare.;27.877765116279;-81.578751744186
