zigzag beeping object;1991-12-30 00:00:00;30 seconds;zigzag beeping object I was 11 years old at the time. our house was on a piece of property that was located on a private dirt roar that was in the process of being made, we were the 2nd house on this road at the time.  My bedroom window faced out into the woods, where there was no body living due to the fact the road was still a trail.  There were no lights or homes in the direction my window faced.  My window was a big bay window.  At the time my aunt had a car that was very loud, like the engine was loud. I was laying in bed and heard what I thought was their car in our yard so I sat up to listen.   At that moment the woods and the side of the yard my window faced, was illuminated light that I would compare to a florescent shop light color.  I sat there and was thinking some idiot was trying to drive down the trail thinking it was a finished road.  Then in a southeast to northwest direction came this circle possibly oval shaped light in the sky.  I was beeping and moved in a zigzag fash! ion. to see this go across the sky took 3 seconds.  I did not try to look out my other window, I was so scared I covered my head and froze until I fell asleep.  I did notice that the engine sound, beeping and illumination all disappeared once this object went by my house. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.3682;-83.5838
orange ball seen hovering over trees along Sohn Road in Vassar Michigan;2009-07-31 01:00:00;3 minutes;orange ball seen hovering over trees along Sohn Road in Vassar Michigan Hello, I am a 31 year old male originally from the town of Vassar, Michigan.  Me and most of my friends have had UFO experiences either on or near Sohn Road in Vassar.  In fact, I use to live on Sohn Road until March of 2000.  I have seen some crazy stuff while living on that road!!  Mostly circle shaped lights at night/early morning.  Some orange, some white, and some that even changed colors. I have had two experiences in the past month to month and a half while driving down Sohn Road in assar, Michigan. Both experiences were with an orange colored circle. The more recent experience happened on Friday, July 31 of 2009 at about 1:00 am in the morning as I was returning home from a friends house. I was heading down Sohn Road (from Vassar heading towards Frankenmuth) when I approached the S curve.  Anyone who has ever driven down Sohn Road knows what curve I am talking about. The road curves to the left, dips down and then back up, and then curves to the right.  As I came from the dip and started to turn to the right again, I noticed an orange ball just above the tree line beyond the farm field to the left of the road.  I stopped my car in the middle of the road so I could get a better look.  It was not moving, or blinking, nor was it making any noise. I thought that it might have been a satellite or something similar to a satellite, so I started to take off down the road again. That is when things got really strange for me. The orange ball started to move too. As I am driving down the road, I noticed that the orange ball is moving with my car. I stopped my car in the road again, and the orange ball stopped too. I said to myself that I needed to get the f**k out of there, so I started to drive down the road quite fast. As I am speeding (literally) down Sohn Road, I can see (through the trees) this orange ball staying right with my car. My heart was pounding!! As I came to the next curve (there was/is a chiropractor's office on the left side of the road) and to an open area, there was no sign of the orange ball at all. I even stopped my car and looked all around. The orange ball disappeared!!;43.3682;-83.5838
