white sphere witnessed over treeline from the shore of Lake Michigan;1997-07-03 22:00:00;5 minutes;white sphere witnessed over treeline from the shore of Lake Michigan My girlfriend (at the time) and I were going camping on the beach at Lake Michigan one summer evening. After carrying everything down to the campsite, cooler, tent, chairs, firewood etc. I decided to take it easy so I unfolded a chair and sat down, cracked open a beer and gazed out on the beautiful scene before me facing the lake. By this time it was dark and had grown chilly from the breeze coming off the lake and my girlfriend went into the tent to put on a sweater. After a few minutes I started to get this feeling like there was something behind me and I was getting this strange electrical sensation up and down my spine and the hairs on the back of my neck were standing on end. So I stood up and turned around and there was this white sphere hovering over the treeline. I stood and stared for a second then I looked over at the tent to yell at my girlfriend to come out and look at this thing and she was already standing there looking at it too. She said that she felt this strange electrical sensation too so she came out of the tent and there it was. We stood there for a moment looking at this sphere and all the sudden it flashed at us three times, a pause, three times again, another pause then two times and then disappeared leaving this weird haze behind. I know this because the moon was almost full and shing very brightly that night but this was definitly not the moon! We discussed leaving but didn't. The next morning we were talking to the people who own the campground and they have a house with a big picture window that overlooks the lake and they said one night they saw something hovering over the lake and sending a beam down into the water. They called a state trooper who came and also witnessed it and called it in and they said they had this thing on radar out of Holland MI. This happened almost ten years ago at the time of this writing and everytime I tell someone about what we saw I get chills like I got just prior to seeing what we saw! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.5777;-86.1249
