Round bright white lights followed by orange double paneled lights in the same spot!  Then, flashing smaller white light directed at me;2016-10-05 00:00:00;2 hours;Round bright white lights followed by orange double paneled lights in the same spot!  Then, flashing smaller white light directed at me. Huge falling fireball.  This was a significant meteor across my back field.  Only 10 degrees high - about 135 degrees falling.  I was facing NE 36 degrees.  Meteor flew in from right to left.   Not even 5 minutes later in my back field, I saw three huge round white lights flash for 30 seconds.  It was significant light- like I was at a concerts from 100 yards away.  Perhaps the size of a porthole from that distance.I have three acres of forest in my backyard that slopes downhill.  The lights were mid tree level at least 50 feet high.  5 minutes or 10 minutes passed and they were followed by orange paneled lights also significant is size, but a dull color. Same exact spot as the white lights.  Double layered 4 across in square sections.  I opened my window and kept staring.  Now consecutive purple flashes in the sky where the fireball had last been seen.  THEN we heard the noises on the ground.  Deep grumbles like you'd hear in your abdomen of the D tone and prolonged.  We have raccoons, porcupines, and a healthy coyote population. I know what those all sound like and this was NOT it. Coyote's were extremely quiet whereas normally I hear them every night hunting. I even left food out for our raccoon friend (he likes my cats food) and it wasn't eaten the next day. THEN... an hour had gone by so around midnight we started to have a search light in my bedroom window.  This one was round and significantly smaller - something you might except to see on a helicopter only there was no sound associated with flying aircraft.  First it was just flashing through the trees then, it came in and focused right on my partner and me.  I've never been so scared in my life!  Shaking in my boots.  What a night.;44.0474;-70.3899
