Formation of orange lights near Williamsport, PA.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report from law enforcement officer.  PD));2011-10-29 20:00:00;5 minutes;Formation of orange lights near Williamsport, PA I heard part of the Coast to Coast radio show tonight Feb 08, 2014, it was about orange lights in the sky.  This is my story. On Halloween night, October 29, 2011 in Williamsport, Pa, my wife and I were driving wb on US Hwy 220 near the junction of US Hwy 15 we observed several orange lights (counted 15 of them) come down out of the distant western sky and were traveling toward us in an easterly direction.  They appeared to be flying in formation.  The lights appeared to be following the Susquehanna River using it as a flight path of some sort.   We pulled over onto the shoulder and watched and photographed the lights. The night was raining with fog.  The time was approximately 20:00 to 21:00 hours, it was dark.  The area is very well lighted with many businesses, road lights, lighted traffic signs, moderate traffic flow and yet only two other vehicles stopped near us. When the lights were first noticed, I was traveling at approximately 55mph.  I pulled over seconds later and began watching them.  Initially I thought they were like some kind of bag light or something to commemorate a party of some sort, Halloween, wedding or something like that.  I got out of the vehicle and watched the lights and tried to video record them.  I could not get them focused and eventually in like a panic I took photographs to document this.  The lights seemed to take several minutes to get to my location and as they passed directly to the south of me, less than a quarter of a mile in direct line of sight they quickly dropped down and entered the fog over the river and disappeared. Their dissent  coming from the west seemed to be gradual, but then as they were within a half a mile they went from a height of at least a couple hundred feet, (they were higher than the power lines that cross over the river in that area) to where they dropped down quickly, lower than the bridge going over to South Williamsport and entered into a thick fog bank with all the lights following the ones in the lead staying in formation the entire time. Later the next year in July while we were at some friends, I met a young man and he and I shared our interest of UFO’s and space travel.  As we were talking about this, we both turned and were looking toward the western sky and in the day light both at the same time saw another orange light in the sky and both were very excited and brought it to the attention of at least 10 other people there who all looked, but were not nearly as excited as he and I were.  Pretty cool. I would swear to this report in any setting.  I am a former Highway Patrolman from a state other than PA.;41.2396942148759;-77.0062132231405
