Bright light of a  fast moving craft frightened me in the night on the Oregon Coast.;1984-10-01 01:00:00;10 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.   Bright light of a  fast moving craft frightened me in the night on the Oregon Coast. I moved to the ORegon coast in summer of 1984.  I am guessing the date to be in October of that year.  I was up late.  My husband was asleep in our travel trailer which we were living in at the time.  An unfinished cabin was on our property, where we had our belongings stored, and our dogs were sleeping out there.  I walked over to the cabin, checking on my pets.  There was a window facing west to the ocean.  Our place is about one quarter mile up a hillside from the beach.  I looked out the window at the night sky, which is clear and pretty there when it is cold.  A point of light in the sky began to grow rapidly.  There was no sound at all. It grew brighter and larger, and closer.  I cannot tell you how I know that it was closer, I just know. For some reason it made me afraid (other than it was unusual)  The dogs moved from the middle of the room and crouched against the west wall, to the left of the window, looking upwards at the window and whining.  I could not hear any sound, but it seemed that they could.  The light grew so bright, it seemed to spread outward from a center point and lit up the entire sky.  Again, I don't know why I was so afraid, but I crouched down in the corner with the dogs against that west wall, so that I could not possibly be seen from the sky.  This object seemed to be now very low in the sky.  From peeking out the window from time to time, it was my impression that it was moving very slowly to the north, but very near to the tree line.  Then the light seemed to be sucked in to the center point again. Then what was left at the center concentration moved suddenly and extremely fast in a Northwest direction and was gone out of my sight.  The dogs would not come out of the corner for some time.  I was afraid, and went back to the trailer and woke up my husband to tell him what I had seen.  He didn't take me seriously and just went back to sleep.  Eventually I managed to get back to sleep.  In the morning, I heard a radio report from the Salem area (towards the center of! the Sta te, about 70 miles away) that lots of people had called in the night before reporting seeing lights.  They were making fun of the reports, and I didn't hear anything else about it. If I could liken the craft to something that was normal I would describe it as a helicopter search light, except there was dead silence, and the light was so incredibly bright and actually grew outward to fill the sky.  I felt like it was searching for something.  dumn, I know, but it is the only way I can describe it.  I guess I got scared because my instinct told me not to let myself be seen.…;44.4091;-124.0339
Five reddish-orange lights over Waldport , Oregon in the SW sky.;2013-07-17 22:40:00;5 minutes;Five reddish-orange lights over Waldport , Oregon in the SW sky Family and friends,  While standing on our deck tonight at around 10:35 PDT we witnessed something amazing.  It was a perfect evening with no wind, clear skies and mild temps.  I was sitting out on our deck.  I had been playing a very soft tune on my guitar that I was making up.  My thoughts were of how perfect the night was, and how much I was enjoying connecting with my guitar.   I looked up, toward the SW, and what appeared to be rising over the roof tops were five orange/red lights suspended in front of me.  They just floated there, in a formation of two at the top in a horizontal line and three below . All lights were evenly spaced in the formation.  The individual lights were not spherical when close/brightest, but  vertically elongated in a line like a lower case i without the dot. They were very short, 1 degree tall, not long lines of light.  I cannot say how far away the lights were.  There was no noise. The lights simply hovered/floated at first.  When first seen, all of the lights appeared in a space about 10 degrees wide and about 15 degrees in height in the sky.   At first, they seemed to be directly over the rooftops of the houses fronting the ocean.  The lowest light seemed about two hands above the rooftops.  The lights were as bright as the waxing gibbous moon, but reddish-orange in color.  They reminded me of brightly glowing embers, but did not flicker, pulsate or change in intensity until they began to move away/fade. The words that come to mind are suspended formation. I did not understand what I was seeing, and looked upon the lights as a small child might view a new discovery for the first time. I was spell-bound.  Two began to slowly drift out of view/fade toward what seemed to be a southerly direction.  At this point, I snapped back into reality and ran to get my son.  He hurried outside in time to see a formation of three lights in a horizontal line about three hands above the roof tops.  As we both watched, he realized we needed pix of this. We both ran to get our cameras and tried getting some shots without the flash.  Mine didn't come out his did!! It shows the lights near the final moments of their display when only two remained.  He also got some video that we are processing now.  Due to auto focus and distance, the lights only appear as round orbs.  The pix were taken when the lights were much farther away/fainter than when they first appeared as the group of five.  I know these were not propelled by the wind.  The movements were too deliberate as they changed position, then remain fixed again. I feel blessed to have witnessed this!!!  This was an experience that he and I will treasure and share forever!! We know what we saw!!!  NO, they were not helicopters.  We see them all the time and they do not move like this, nor do their lights remain in the exact position.  With the changing viewing angles helis show their red, green and white lights.  There were no green or white lights.  There was no noise. Flares don't move in this way either since the lights would rise, fall, move left and right very slowly.  I have not ruled-out the possibility than five remote controlled devices could have created this, but the power source/batteries for the lights would need to be very heavy to have kept the lights at the high intensity and duration we observed. What did we see!!! He and I both agreed that nothing of this Earth that we knew of moved in that manner in inner or outer space.   We clearly BOTH witnessed an anomaly.  Was it extra-terrestrial?  Was it local?  Was it spiritual?  We don't know.  I can only swear to you that it happened.;44.4091;-124.0339
Group witnesses 50 lights in formation.  ((Starlink satellites??));2020-03-24 21:00:00;20 minutes;Group witnesses 50 lights in formation A group of witnesses was already gathered, looking up at a formation of 40 lights streaming east when my son and I arrived on a mountain-top 7 miles east up the Alsea River from Waldport, Oregon.  We watched for 15 minutes.  The velocity of motion was pulsing or wavelike.  When a light was directly above, there was a burst of orange and multi-colored light.  It looked like one went up, out of the atmosphere.  My 18 year old son noticed two lights traveling side-by-side.  The next day, we learned that a maintenance worker at a coastal hotel in Newport, Oregon, also counted 50 lights.;44.4091;-124.0339
