Shape Changing Orbs and Glowing Cigars over JPL and Wilson observatory;2021-01-14 10:00:00;52:00;Shape Changing Orbs and Glowing Cigars over JPL and Wilson observatory For several days in a row over the last week I witnessed multiple objects hovering and moving very quickly in broad daylight.  On Thursday at 10 am I was out in my garden in Altadena and looked up to see two extremely bright objects hovering in the sky. One was small while the second object that was much larger, elongated, glowing brightly and looked like an electric blue cigar with orange light at one end. I estimate the small object was around 2-3’ in diameter and did not appear to hold a consistent form. Sometimes it looked like a cube, sometimes a triangle, sometimes a cylinder, sometimes it would appear to light up and split into two orbs, one going up and one going down. Sometimes it’s profile was reduced to a straight black line. Very hard to describe but always between two and six feet wide. The elongated object was much larger and appeared to be higher up but was so brilliant that is was impossible to determine its position or size. I’m disappointed that it disappeared before I could grab my phone. The small object remained and began to move slowly to the west and disappeared after 20 minut! es. My girlfriend who is a teacher and happened to be between classes managed to see it when it as it left our view over the horizon in the area of JPL.  I was not expecting to see another noiseless shape changing object on Friday but it was back at 8 am in the exact same place, though I did not see the cigar from Thursday. The wind had increased overnight as the Santa Ana winds began to move in and it was a gusty morning. The object was lower to the ground, this time moving in a more northward direction towards Mt. Lowe. From a side profile the shape of the object became less spherical, more geometric and appeared to be rotating.  On Saturday while my girlfriend and I were in the garden during the afternoon, the object reappeared in airspace above Wilson observatory for the better part of twenty minutes. This time there was a stationary object pulsing and glowing as brightly as a star and not moving. There also a mix of propeller and jet powered aircraft in the vicinity. As the object remained fixed in the air one of the jets made several passes by the object, approaching it from the west. This jet appeared to be military, judging by its movement, short fuselage and triangular-shaped wings. The stationary object appeared to become brighter as the aircraft would begin its approach towards it. After several more passes by the aircraft (around 20-25 minutes) the object began to move northward and possibly gain altitude as its brightness began to fade. I took video of the events and upon further examination and slowing things down frame-by frame it is possible to see that there was not just one stationary! object but multiple objects. These others were the same size and luminous qualities as the stationary object, moving in and out of view at very high speed, present for only 3-4 frames at a time- many times faster than any of the aircraft in view and making no sound.;34.1931000000001;-118.1383
