Circular spots lights moving along the edges of serveral cloulds. It appeared as thought it was jumping from clould to cloud.;2013-05-17 19:00:00;45 minutes;Circular spots lights moving along the edges of serveral cloulds. It appeared as thought it was jumping from clould to cloud. I was smoking a cigarette and happened to look at the sky and noticed what appeared to be spotlights circulation in the sky above. I attempted to determine which direction the spotlights were coming from and I could not determine the origin of the spotlights.  I continued to view the spotlights and notice that there were circulating in the clouds along the edges of the clouds.  It was a partly cloudy sky, so in between the clouds there was clear sky and stars noticeable.  That is when I called my family out to view this strange phenomenon.  My family were amazed and perplexed as I was.  I was still not sure if it was spotlights or not until the clouds starting changing shapes and moving in a Southeast direction due to the wind or eart rotation.  The movement of the lights remained consistent, moving along the outline of the clouds.  My wife staring taking a video of the event and captured actual footage.  Upon viewing the video, objects were observed that we could n! ot see with the naked eye.  In the video you can not clearly see the lights that I explained earlier, but the objects are visible moving in this circular motion.;40.8627;-73.6351
I happened to look up to the right and saw a white light that was like a star at first then it grew in size and the white light intensi;2019-12-27 21:55:00;7 seconds;I happened to look up to the right and saw a white light that was like a star at first then it grew in size and the white light intensity was so damn bright I have never ever seen anything close to the intensity and purity of this white light.  It grew about 5 times in size and then the light blinked out towards the center of the light.  It was round in shape and started as a pin dot then the dot was moving downward and after about 5 seconds moving slowly downward the brightness and size grew very quickly and then when it was its brightest it quickly shrank toward the center and waa as gone.  There was mo streaking from a meteor or no smoke nothing and it moved slowly downward.  This was the most amazing thing I ever saw and the brightest brighter then the sun and was pure I mean pure white with such intensity.  No sound;40.8627;-73.6351
