We saw two strange lights coming up over the ocean. The lights (that were alternating blue, red and white) were at the same height but ;2000-04-05 22:00:00;4 minutes;We saw two strange lights coming up over the ocean. The lights (that were alternating blue, red and white) were at the same height but they were separated from each other. Please excuse my English, I am not native English speaking. At approximately 22:00 hours we saw two strange lights coming up over the ocean as we were walking on the beach. The lights (that were constantly changing blue, red and white) were at the same height but they were separated from each other at what seemed to be about the size of a golfball for me. It was sitting there for a minute (app. 30-sec.) and than it moved closer to us toward the beach, as we all got excited about what this could be I was walking closer to the beach and continues focusing my eye on the lights. The lights now were separated at such a way that I could fit a pencil in between. The strange thing is that because the sky was so clear and I had my eye’s focus so much on the object that I could now see that their was a very black “ufo looking” shape in between the lights and the lights seemed to be at the end of  “the wing” of the disk. I am not that good in distance estimation but I believe the object was now above the ocean with at least 750 meters away from us and it had reach a higher position. While the lights were still seem to move toward us the object al of the sudden turned around 180* upside down. Than the object very quickly seemed to move away from us and the lights became very weak and blurry. Than I lost track of the lights and they seemed to have disappeared. App. 30 seconds after that one of us saw it again at a complete different distance. It was now very high in the sky and far away. We say it a couple of times at certain positions far away for a second or two during about 1 minute. This was an unidentified flying object because it couldn’t possibly be an airplane or anything from earth that could do this kind of movements. I am an exchange student in the US from Kentucky and I was staying at Ocean City as a tourist while we were touring trough Maryland. I have no intention what so ever too tell you about the little green aliens because there were none the above description is what we saw and noting more or less. After analyzing my story I would appreciate an email from an investigator about the possible explanations of what this could have been.;38.3378;-75.0873
