2 hovering discs probing ocean water;1990-12-15 00:30:00;3 hours;2 hovering discs probing ocean water I should have reported this back in 1990, but I had no idea where I could report such a thing to.   I came home at 12:15am to my  oceanfront condominium, relaxed and watched TV.  Approximately 12:30am, I checked my sliding glass door, looking out to the ocean.  I saw a peculiar object hovering over the water with lights shining down and what appeared to be some sort of probes reaching into the water below.  I was stunned and just stood there wondering if my eyes were deceiving me.   I then saw the hovering object pull in the probes and ascend back up to what appeared to be a larger hovering object up above, higher in the air.  I assumed it to be some sort of mother ship.   After ascending, it descended after a few (?) minutes.  This process repeated approximately 3 times.At this point, approximately 3 hours had passed. I had to get a closer look, although I was fearful.  I walked out on my balcony and saw the lights shine towards me on the coast.  I was horrified thinking this thing was going to chase me!   I ran back in to my condo and slammed the door.  I watched from inside once again.  At this point, it ascended midway to the mother ship and took off at a very high speed, South, down the coast and disappeared from sight.  I was so frightened, living alone.   I wanted to leave my condo, but I was too fearful after what I saw.  Although, it was frightening, somewhat, it was truly amazing and something I have never forgotten after 15 years.  As usual, most of the people I reported this to, just laughed it off.   I felt this was worthy of reporting to your fine organization after I learned about you after watching the Peter Jennings special on UFO's.  Keep up your good work! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of event is approximate.  PD));38.3378;-75.0873
Bright round orange object appeared in sky above Ocean City, MD;2012-07-14 22:45:00;45 seconds;Bright round orange object appeared in sky above Ocean City, MD While playing mini golf at Lost Treasure Mini Golf in Ocean City, Md, July 14, 2012, my family witnessed a very bright, orange object in the sky above us.  The flight pattern was erratic but the object was traveling at about the speed of a small airplane. The object was over the Atlantic Ocean and moving towards land. We were able to observe it for approximately 30 to 45 seconds before its flight pattern took ti behind a hotel and we never saw it appear again.  It was nearly 11:00 PM EST when we first saw the object and we even discussed it with the group of people who were playing ahead of us.   They asked us if we knew what it was but none of us had any idea.  There was no sound associated with he object nor was there any sign of exhaust or heat trail.;38.3378;-75.0873
