Strangly lit, loose formation of silent auircraft-like objects, with a treetop level meteor appearing during the overflight.;2004-03-16 20:00:00;5-10 minutes;Strangly lit, loose formation of silent auircraft-like objects, with a treetop level meteor appearing during the overflight. My wife and I are both college-educated and in professional fields, she in allied health and I in information technology. On the date/time above, we were on our front porch, enjoying the relatively warm (for this time of year)air. Our porch faces west-northwest and we have a fairly unobstucted view in that direction, free of light pollution.  My wife noticed the 1st set of lights coming in from due west. I left the porch and went out into our front yard. Through the bare branches of the trees I could see several sets of very bright lights, heading roughly from west to east. The sky was very clear that night. The lights were primarily bright red, with smaller white lights interspersed. As we both loolked around, we noticed aproximately 12-15 of these aircraft, moving in level flight, all roughly in the same direction. They were not huddled together in a close formation, but I got the distinct impression that they were traveling together.  2 of the craft came directly over our house/property. I would estimate that they were aproximately 2-3 thousand feet up, much lower than the commercial (and military)aircraft that we are used to seeing. They were moving quickly, but I was able to discern an aircraft shape and the speed was in line with that of a jet. No sudden movements were seen. What was striking, however, was the almost complete lack of sound. I strained to hear anything and was able finally to catch a very soft jet engine sound. As a comparison, several nights later, I was out walking our dog and heard a jet sound. I discovered the source of this sound at a height that was at least 3 times that of the craft that I am reporting.  While this may not sound especially remarkable, the lack of noise, combined with the odd and very bright light pattern was very disconcerting. However, that isn't the end of the story. As we were observing the numerous craft coming in from the west, but prior to their overflight of our house, my wife suddenly noticed (and drew my attention to)what we took to be a meteor at a very low altitude. It also came in from the west, but at treetop level. Coming across our road, it bifurcated. It was intensely burning and the 2nd piece continued on along my southern property line, appearing to descend thru the trees. It very well may have landed in my back woods, which extend for about 2 acres before coming to an interstate highway. In any event, the 'meteor' was very, very close and very, very bright.  At no time did either of us think 'extraterrestrial', but we did think 'very odd'. I would not waste anyone's time unless it was far enough from the ordinary. Any information on this incident would be greatly appreciated.;41.5362;-72.0832999999999
Bullet shaped object of chrome out of control.;2018-08-06 13:05:00;5 minutes;Bullet shaped object of chrome out of control. On 8/6/18 at approximately 1:05 p.m., I saw, what appeared to be a helicopter, free fall to hover over the trees about a quarter mile from my building, less than 1000 feet up.  It moved side to side as if troubled with control.  I thought it was going to crash.   Then it turned sideways and the sun shone off it brightly.  It was not a helicopter and seemed maybe bullet shaped, of bright chrome.  It continued to attempt control then steadied itself for a few seconds before flying straight up above the clouds.  I could still see it through a hole in the clouds and watched until it shot off to my right, traveling fast enough that the only reason I saw it again was because the sun hit the chrome once more, before it was out of view.;41.5362;-72.0832999999999
