Day Light Sighting!  As young boy playing outside, seen 2 silver round crafts high in the sky, being chased by 2 fighter jets.;1971-06-01 14:00:00;10 minutes;Day Light Sighting!  As young boy playing outside, seen 2 silver round crafts high in the sky, being chased by 2 fighter jets. I was born on March 27, 1959 I cannot remember the exact date, between 1970-1972, I was between the ages of 11 -13. My cousin and I were playing on some foam filled mesh bags, used by pole vaulters, at the local high school football field. It was in the afternoon, a warn partly cloudy day. If I would not have been looking at the sky at the exact time I did I would not have seen them. Laying on my back looking at the clouds ( day dreaming) I seen 2 silver objects, side by side, coming out of this one cloud. At first I thought they were planes? But then I noticed they were round (no wings). So then I thought they were so high in the sky that they appeared round, still thinking they were planes. Then I thought if they were that high in the sky, would they not have vapor trails? Still watching them slowly cross the sky, I got my answer!  Out of the same cloud they had came out of were 2 fighter F4's (I think) chasing them!  At that time I thought WAIT A MINUTE THOSE ARE AIRPLANES, WHAT ARE THE OTHER 2 ?!!!  I continued to watch as the 2 silver round objects entered another cloud, with the 2 jets following behind them. They both disappeared into the same cloud. Not really understanding what I had seen I rolled over to ask my cousin if he had seen this? He was looking at another part of the sky, and did not see it. Rolling back over and tring to find the exact place they had entered the cloud I seen the same 2 jets flying back out of the cloud the same spot the entered it, heading in the exact opposite direction, as if they lost the 2 silver round crafts in the cloud and were now heading home. I took me 25 years to realize how important this sighting was, to me. I always remembered it but never really thought about the importance of it. I have always been fascinated with ufo's in fact the reason my Mom said I did not do well in school ( at that time) was I was always thinking about ufo's and Star Trek !!!!! I also have another sighting I think I witness but I cant remember it?  But I know it happened! And another time I woke to find 2 ceatures standing beside my bed ( I think? or was it a dream ?) It seem every time I read one of Whitley Strieber's  books I have strange things happen !!! ((name deleted));40.6704;-84.9291
