I was in the kitchen, and looked out the window. I seen what I thought was an airplane at first, because I seen a blinking light. I not;2017-12-25 17:30:00;2 minutes;I was in the kitchen, and looked out the window. I seen what I thought was an airplane at first, because I seen a blinking light.  I noticed the object suddenly and quickly flew sideways (zig - zag). I had never seen any craft fly in such a strange pattern.  I noticed the shape of the object was a fluorescent diamond, and the blinking light (that looked to be on top) was a yellow - orange color.  I quickly ran out the front door to get a better view. I noticed there was NO sound! The object seem to be floating instead of flying.  It was as if it were weightless. It floated vertically up and down, and shifted horizontally a few times. It then stopped, and it's as if it twinkled out or took off at an alarming speed.  It's hard to say exactly what it did, because the object was so different than anything I had seen before. I walked back into the house, and then looked out the kitchen window a few minutes later. I noticed the object was back once again.  It flew exactly the same way and pattern for about two minutes and then banished.  By banish, I assume took off at a high speed or some function unknown.  It's very hard to explain in nature how this object appeared and banished. I thought about what I saw that evening, but came to no conclusions.  I thought maybe it was someone playing with a remote control plane or UFO some toy a child may have got for Christmas.  It couldn't have been, because it was floating way too high in the evening sky to have been a toy.  Not only that, but the wind was very rough, and I can't picture someone out playing with a remote control toy plane or UFO.  Again, it floated way too high to be a toy. I thought maybe it was a drone, and I googled and YouTubed drones to observe how they fly.  It was NO drone either! It was too big, and it didn't fly like a drone. The object I observed didn't fly anyway, it floated. It was no airplane, helicopter or anything of this nature either.  Only conclusion of what the object was, is a UFO or something the government may be testing. I'm a perfectly sane, sound person.  I have NEVER seen anything fly or float in the way this object did. I have never seen anything like it. . .;43.1229657534247;-76.1951387475544
