Inverted teardrop with 'Y' shaped shadow changed color/reflectivity with the sunset.;2019-10-07 16:45:00;30 minutes;Inverted teardrop with 'Y' shaped shadow changed color/reflectivity with the sunset I was driving home toward the East in Carlsbad, NM, and noticed what I thought was an aircraft, the light was bright white like LED lights and being an aviation mechanic and pilot I was intrigued.  What would be flying with such lighting?  I pulled off the road and observed for about five minutes and the location did not change.   I wanted to get home and get my camera gear to take pictures and when I did with my 50mm Sigma Lens I observed an inverted teardrop shape with linear shadows from the center of the narrow end forming a ‘Y’ shape on the wide end.   The light changed with the sunset and was considerably higher than the local terrain.  I would like to do an azimuth study to find the approximate altitude with the time 7:00pm from Carlsbad NM and the pictures I took that were reddening like the sunset.;32.4116;-104.2427
Inverted teardrop with 'Y' shaped shadow changed color/reflectivity with the sunset;2019-10-07 16:45:00;30 minutes;Inverted teardrop with 'Y' shaped shadow changed color/reflectivity with the sunset I was driving home toward the East in Carlsbad NM and noticed what I thought was an aircraft, the light was bright white like LED lights and being an aviation mechanic and pilot I was intrigued.  What would be flying with such lighting?  I pulled off the road and observed for about five minutes and the location did not change.  I wanted to get home and get my camera gear to take pictures and when I did with my 50mm Sigma Lens I observed an inverted teardrop shape with linear shadows from the center of the narrow end forming a ‘Y’ shape on the wide end.  The light changed with the sunset and was considerably higher than the local terrain.  i would like to do an azimuth study to find the approximate altitude with the time 7:00pm from Carlsbad NM and the pictures I took that were reddening like the sunset.;32.4116;-104.2427
