Very large low flying aircraft covered ten or more bright, non-blinking white lights.;2014-11-17 22:30:00;15 seconds;Very large low flying aircraft covered ten or more bright, non-blinking white lights. It was about 10:30 on a cold clear night.  Me and my cousin we returning home from a vaction and only ten minutes away from home witnessed a large strange object traveling above across the interstate.  I noticed it first when and it appeared to be the shape of a triangle.   Then as we moved along it appeared more cross like.  Really tried to focus on the object and wish I would have just stoped because we wanted to identify the object.   It was not our luck as well because it was flying so low that after I first noticed it, trees in the intersection we also obscuring our view.  It was a very strange flying object like none I've seen before.   As stated before it seemed difficult to actually determine the shape.  The size of the shape was enormous for such a low flying object and was covered with about ten or more white balls of light.  I have never seen as many lights on a plane before so at first I thought it might be some sort of miltary plane that I have never witnessed before, but I do not understand why they would want to be so lit up.   We could see the enormous object through the tops of the trees but it never rize above for a clear enough view.  None of the lights seemed to blink like any other normal plane and almost seemed extra bright white and glowing light.  The object also seemed to be moving extremely slow for such a large low flying aircraft.    After the object left sight we continued to search the sky and also stoped off the side of our exit to search the sky again outside of the vehicle.  No sight of the once large, lit up object but we had traveled a few miles to arive at out exit.  We did however notice unusual amount of plane activity where at first there seemed to be four planes flying close together then separate and seemed to just kind of circle the area.  They were very noticeably different from the other flying object but did not seem to be commercial airliners.  I by no means am a aircraft specialist, but h! ave never seen a large, low flying aircraft with so many light! s.    May be a case of mis-identification but I know there were plenty of other cars and people in the area.   I've never reported an incident and only did trying to find anyone who saw the same other object that may have had a different angle and maybe help explain the craft, or possible verify our strange sighting;33.6331;-86.5986999999999
