Bright Red Objects with Orbiting White Lights/ Hovering Discs with Green,Red, Blue, White Lights Dancing Around It;2003-11-12 21:00:00;1 hour;Bright Red Objects with Orbiting White Lights/ Hovering Discs with Green,Red, Blue, White Lights Dancing Around It I have been living in Maine for about the last 3.5 months  I have always been very interested in the ufo phenomenon and believed, but I never actually sighted them until I moved to Maine  Starting about 2 months ago, I began to frequently see ufo's flying/hovering over the skies of Maine.  I have seen very bright, red objects slowly gliding through the nights sky (approx 2000 ft), to slow to be human.  These objects have a very bright white light that seems to orbit around them, clearly giving them a disc shape.  They will move across the sky slowly, sometimes then shoot of into the stars, sometimes stop completely, sometimes manuever in a different directions.  Lately ( the last week), every night I have noticed a couple ufo's in the same spot that to the naked eye appear to be VERY bright twinkling stars, but when further observing, I looked through binoculars, and was AMAZED at what I saw Clearly, they where white/yellow objects hovering/still in the sky with BLUE, GREEN, RED, White, etc.  lights flashing all around.  They are clear as day that they are within our atmosphere, and obviously some type of space craft.  They are fascinating to watch, and I told my friends who didn't believe me at the time, but I showed them as well, and they are now shocked and amazed that they actually are there!  I believe they may be watching/observing, and that them BLENDING in with the stars, is actually a form of CAMOFLAUGE for lack of better words, and this is how they stay virtually are unseen by most.  I am getting a telescope this weekend, and I will take pictures and send them in, but until then all I can say is LOOK CLOSER.  I would also very much like to know if there are others in Maine that can say they have seen something similiar, or any ufos for that matter.  I will soon get back to you. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that twinkling stars are, indeed, the cause of the sightings.  PD));43.8492;-69.6268
