2 Craft seen in Elk Grove, Ca. Defying inertia and gravity with no sound. Seen by USMC Scout/Sniper.;2013-01-25 03:20:00;4 minutes;2 Craft seen in Elk Grove, Ca. Defying inertia and gravity with no sound.  Seen by USMC Scout/Sniper To Whom It May Concern,  I make this report of sound mind and sound health. I was a USMC Scout/Sniper from 1988 to 1994. I served in Kuwait and Liberia. I consider myself to be a highly trained observer. Thursday,January 24th I was tired from work and I fell asleep at 7 pm. I woke up at 2 am and I decided to make a cup of coffee. So, after 7 hours of good sleep and a nice big cup of hot coffee I decided to take a walk to a local park approximately 1,500 meters from my home. I live in a beautiful suburb of Sacramento,Ca. Elk Grove, Ca is south of Sacramento. I reside in the southern portion of the city of Elk Grove, Ca. I have, for the last 60 days, been repeating this very same routine. I generally sleep from 7 or 8 pm to 2 or 3 am. I am a professional Sales Manager for a local Elk Grove company and I have clients on the east coast. I start work on my laptop, contacting clients in Rochester, New York at 4 am my time and 7 am Rochester time. The distance from Elk Grove to Sacramento is 17 miles or 27 kilometers. To give an accurate location I used my GPS that comes standard on my cell phone which is a top of the line &quotSamsung Galaxy III&quot... Please note from paragraph 1 that I am a trained Scout / Sniper from the USMC. I know what I saw and with that said I place the following report:  At 3:15 am I was standing in a local park in south Elk Grove.  The park is called &quotMachado Dairy Park&quot and is 1.0 miles south of Whitelock Pkwy and approx .2 miles west of Bruceville Rd. I was standing in the park about ready to sure-up one of the laces on my boots when I was drawn to some rather odd looking lights in the sky.  Traveling North to South, from Sacramento to Elk Grove I saw 2 craft that were delta shaped, but with the middles cut out resembling more of a chevron type structure.  These 2 craft were darting about the sky at fantastic speeds.  They were making right angle turns and skipping about as if they were on water.  I know enough from my training in the Marine Corps that these 2 craft were definitely intelligently controlled.  It had rained out yesterday,Thursday, here in Elk Grove and in Sacramento quite heavily and there was a lot of water on the grass in which I was standing.  I was going to lie down on the ground and try to quiet my body for a more accurate description because I knew in an instant that what I was observing was something very special.  So, I overcame the wet ground and quickly got into a prone position on my back , I was positioned north to south. The objects displayed a disregard for inertia:  They were flying as if there was no such thing as gravity.  They sped up, then stopped, then flew at a tremendous speed, in my direction, so that to me they (appeared to be) standing still.  The next instant they changed course. ... In other words, the flying objects had overcome gravity. The objects were making no sound that I could hear and were about 1000 ft above my head with a visible ceiling of 3,000 ft.  I could at one instance see another flying object traveling east to west at about 15,000 to 20,000 ft and it had all the typical lights that one would see on a passenger jet ( i'm 100% sure that's what it was).  Quite frequently I see passenger aircraft because I believe that I reside under the approach corridor for Sacramento's airport. I see a lot of aircraft and I know without a shadow of a doubt that these 2 ob! jects were not of this earth, or better yet, if they are, they displayed a secret technology that has been very well kept from the people of this planet. I have my own opinion on that and do not wish to cloud the issues at hand. At one point the craft were speeding up and stopping so quickly that it was as if they would disappear and then reemerge (appear) at another point in the sky.  I could see 3 faint lights at the tip or points of each craft. They were a gun metal black and looked to be perfect in shape.  A perfect triangle with and angle of 60 degrees at each tip.  Equilateral or Delta I believe.  The 2 craft then just quickly sped off in a western direction and within mere seconds were gone from my vantage point. I then quickly ran home and went upstairs and grabbed my binoculars (Vortex 8 x 42  Razor HD ) & my spotting scope (Leopold Tactical Mark 4  12-40x60mm  mil-dot ).  Upon my return I did not see the 2 craft again. I spent another 40 minutes scanning the skies with my binoculars and my scope.  I just saw the usual aircraft for that time of morning. I plan to search the skis later tonight after work with my set of night vision because now I am hooked as they say.  That concludes my report.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
