Lime green trapizoidal light beaming onto back of house from rectangular source above house, physical evidence left.;1992-08-15 00:00:00;45 seconds;Lime green trapizoidal light beaming onto back of house from rectangular source above house, physical evidence left. Conditions:  Around midnight, pretty sure the skies were clear, with no Delta Breeze at all. Location:  Between South Sacramento and Elk Grove  A friend and I were southbound on Elk Grove Florin Road approaching the stop sign at Calvine Road slowing on approach to the stop sign.  Nothing out there except a house on south/west corner, two story right on the corner.  Green light from source about 20 feet above second story beaming a trapezoid shape of same light down on back of house and back yard.  We could see the trees behind the house, the light waving off of the peak of the house like a mirage, or heat off the hood of a car.  I was staring into &quotsource&quot that was around 30ft x 12ft. I was looking into the rectangle to see equipment, or anything but it was just pure lime green light, saw nothing. Also, we did not see a shape, lights, a craft, nothing.  Not even sound.  Then I got out of my car and by the time I looked back up it was gone, however the little street light that lit up the little 4 way stop was illuminating a/an exhaust cloud, churned up atmosphere, or what I call the &quotDoughnut shaped cloud that the Road Runner leaves when he splits.&quot  This &quotcloud&quot was floating at a 45 degree angle and if the &quotRoad Runner&quot just &quotsplit&quot the trajectory of the object was South/Southwest (If Calvine is true East/West).  We watched this &quotcloud&quot or &quotvapor&quot float for about 20 seconds before 2 fighter jets buzzed us from Mather Air Base.  Some seconds later or minutes, came the rumble of a C-130 or AWAX, something obviously bigger and slower than the fighter jets inbound on the same course as the fighter jets, eventually coming overhead and continuing Southeast. No other cars were at the intersection, not much traffic at all on the roads in that area at that time back then.  We got in my car and left, turned on the radio and heard DJ's saying people calling in from all over the Sacramento area with sightings. Next day evening news said, &quotWe looked into the sightings from last night and spoke to (Naval Command?) and confirmed that it was a test missile launch from the San Fransisco area.&quot  My friend's dad flew the (T-42?) trainer jet out of Mather, a side by side 2 seater jet for training new pilots.  He said to his dad that we had still not stopped talking about what we saw and after asking his dad what it was his reply was, &quotI cannot tell you what it was, but what I can tell you is that it wasn't a missile launch from San Fransisco.&quot  Since then, I've studied Ufology, and seen almost every video, and read a pile of sighting stories and I still haven't read or seen anything I saw that night.  After years and years of study, and cutting away the media fat, smoke and mirrors and separating information from mis-information and dis-information I'm about 98% convinced that what we saw was either a multi-dimensional craft, or this realm/dimension simply opening up to the other side.  The latter is from a total lack of observing any craft, or lights, or sound at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
Large Mechanical Black Widow Measures Brain;2000-02-02 01:00:00;30 seconds;Large Mechanical Black Widow Measures Brain I woke to a sound like mechanical gears turning.  I opened my eyes and saw what looked like a giant black widow directly above me.  It seemed to be as large as the ceiling, although, since it was directly above me, I'm not sure if it was just too close to me and therefore, I couldn't tell the exact size.  The eyes were red like laser dots.  The body was also black, but made of many round disks like gears that constantly turned - one on top of the other, seemingly as if measuring something.  The legs looked mechanical, as if jointed like a mechanical spider would be.  They seemed to be moving up and down in relation to whatever the gears were doing, each leg individually, and in a super creepy way, as if to scare someone who was arachnophobic like myself.  I knew that it was measuring my brain.  I tend to be sensitive spiritually, and I just simply knew what it was doing.  It was measuring every part of my brain, and also every flaw in it, every tendency I had in my personality, just anything that can be measured in my brain, such as how quickly the synapses responded.  Black widows are some of my worst fears so I was pretty much petrified.  My response was to hide under my covers and pray till I fell asleep.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
Arrowhead large silent slow craft with 3 circular rows of Yellow Rectangular lights on top/dark on bottom.;2007-11-12 22:30:00;3 Minures;Arrowhead large silent slow craft with 3 circular rows of Yellow Rectangular lights on top/dark on bottom. I saw a large silent arrow-head shaped craft with 3 row of rectangular yellow non-pulsing lights on its top and none on its bottom. It was 12 miles south of Sacramento CA at night in low patchy cloud cover.  A helicopter was first seen heading towards it and then I saw a hugh black/gray siloette in against the night sky as it cam from the southwest turned north slowly and then headed west and disappear into the night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
3 UFOs in Sacramento, Ca.  Viewed from Elk Grove, CA. the same night News Air10 Helicopter filmed UFO sighting.;2009-06-05 22:00:00;Approx.  7 Min.;3 UFOs in Sacramento, Ca.  Viewed from Elk Grove, CA. the same night News Air10 Helicopter filmed UFO sighting. This is my report from start to finish as it happened.  My wife had asked me to come outside because she saw a bright light in the sky that was not moving and she wanted me to take a look at it.  When I saw the light another light appeared just below the one already in view.  Approx. 30 seconds later a third light appeared on the right side of the second light.  After about 2 minutes of them staying in the same spot, the third light started to ascending upward and positioned itself with the other two lights to create what seemed to be a perfect triangle.  The lights stayed in this position for about 1-2 minutes.  It is at this time that the third light started to ascend again above the other two lights.  Then it started to proceed towards my direction while the other two stayed in place.  I watched the UFO go directly above my head.  I could not spell out the shape.  It looked as if it was a square shape but that was because of the light formation I saw from the bottom view.  It had one bright light in what it seemed to be each of the four corners of the UFO.  The lights looked as though they were symetrical to each other.  As one UFO passed, the second light that appeared started to ascend and also moved in my direction mimicing the first UFO.  As the second one passed above me, the first light that was visible also took the same exact path as the other two.  This came to my amazement but didn't seem true until I came across a live news video clipping from Sacramento, CA.  News 10 Air Helicopter Video from the same night.  A few days later, News 10 aired an additional story about the video they aired a few days prior and it seemed to me that this was an attempt to cover up what they had captured on video that night.  They claimed that it was an air light show advertising a GRAND OPENING for BIG O TIRES IN ROSEVILLE, CA.  I thought this was strange and called BIG O TIRES IN ROSEVILLE and they informed me that the store I called had been the only one in ROSEVILLE, CA.  AND HAS BEEN OPEN F! OR ABOUT 20 YEARS.  NO NEW STORES HAVE OPENED IN THAT AREA.  I have also E-mailed American Airlights, who claims it was their air Advertisement of the BIG O TIRE GRAND OPENING.  I HAVE NOT YET HEARD BACK FROM THEM.  I WILL GIVE ANY UPDATES ON THIS STORY AS INFORMATION COMES TO ME.  THANKS.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
I saw a black silent bat-ray shaped object in daylight hours.;2011-06-01 18:10:00;approx 8 minutes;I saw a black silent bat-ray shaped object in daylight hours. At approx 6:10 pm I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette and noticed what i thought at first was a balloon.  The object was moving in circles at first then suddenly went accross the sky from East to West then came to a complete stop.   It then changed direction and sped back East and came to another complete stop.  It hovered there this time at a lower altitude where I could clearly make its shape out to be round in the front with two arcs on the rear of the craft which was black in color.   It made no sound.   It hovered for about thirty seconds before taking off at an very fast rate of speed back toward the west and gained altitude before disapearing behind clouds.   A few minutes later it came back at about the same altitude performing similar manuevers before dissapearing off in the distance.   Shortly after the sighting I heard but did not see some loud jets fly over my house several times.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
06/01/16 1:00pm. Sighted two very large aircraft 1 flying due east to west 2nd due north to south.  Both off white, not markings side o;2016-06-01 13:00:00;2 hours;06/01/16 1:00pm.  sighted two very large aircraft 1 flying due east to west 2nd due north to south.  Both off white, not markings side or botto.  I could see someting red on upright tail fin, not able to identify marking.  Both planes were releasing white plumes from the REAR of the plane not from the engines on the wings.  Planes looked to be much larger than the largest transport plane I saw at  USAF Travis air force base, Ca.  Sighted 9 other chem trails released earlier.  After 3.5 hrs) I could still see outline of where releases took place.  The UFO part of this report is the unkn planes orgin and the unkn release from the rear of these planes.  Also, maybe unrelated or not the previous Thurs I saw many long white spider looking webs drifting past my home.  Picked one that landed with a stick, touched it, not a web!  Material looked like a soft plastic type material.  Appeared to be in slim spikes sticking all over, didn't loose shape when touched????  Not like your normal UFO sightings but very strange none the less.   Thank You for your time.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
