Chrome sphere(s) over farmland outside Sacramento California spotted from twin prop passenger aircraft;2007-10-21 13:55:00;8 min;Chrome sphere(s) over farmland outside Sacramento California spotted from twin prop passenger aircraft I was flying on a twin propeller engine passenger aircraft from Palm Springs to Sacramento. i spotted a total of 3 seperate sphere's traveling in straight lines in different directions, they appeared one at a time and no two were visible at the same time. there was one, then 2 minutes later another, then 4 minutes later the final one appeared and flew out of sight just as the first two had. The aircraft was approximately 20-30 minutes south of Sacramento. i was sitting in the window seat on the left side (facing forward) of the aircraft looking out the window trying to pass the time. i often have my nose glued to the window looking out during flights so it's not unusual  or random that i was gazing out the window at that particular moment. i observed the first sphere traveling above the ground heading south westish (based on the assumption that we were indeed traveling North). it was very difficult to determine speed and size of each sphere because I was tra! veling in the airplane. the airplane i was in was traveling about 10-12K feet, or however high those airplanes fly during travel(horizon airlines). we were at cruising altitude, that is, we never appeared to go any higher than that for hours at a time, and only descended for landing. The first sphere was like a ball of light, likely emitting light rather than reflecting (although if this ball was chrome or mirrored as was the second, it COULD also have been simply reflecting sunlight). since it never lost its brilliance, i assume it was emitting light rather than reflecting. i got the brief impression that it was lite-green in color.  this sphere was farthur from my eyes and closer towards the earths surface so i could observe it for about 6 seconds before it flew out of line of sight from my little window. i was taken by slight surprise by this because it was the first one and moderately gained my attention. it seemed to be traveling quickly, faster than the cars traveling nearby. i would approximate the size of this one to be slightly larger than a minivan. if one were to crush a short school bus into a sphere that would be about the size, approximately. again very hard to determine considering that i was in a moving airplane at about 10K feet. Continuing to stare out the window, i was eager to see it again. between this sighting and the next i could see a small small recreation/agriculture airplane and make out the fusalage from the wings. so i'm very confident that this first object (along with the subsequent 2) was a perfect sphere, not birds or planes. and i'm very confident that the first object was in motion. so after a brief minute or two another one flew by, this time it was headed directly in the direction we had come from. this second sphere was what really got me intruiged, this one appeared to be less than 300 ft away from the aircraft. Way close! it traveled at the same altitude, didn't go up or down, it was traveling in a straight line directly south.  this sphere was definately chrome in color, about the size of a minivan. it was very hard to determine if it was just floating there or traveling rather slowly. if it was floating in place and the airplane passed over it (not directly because i could st! ill see it from the windows on the side of the plane) it would appear to the observer to be moving. so it's difficult for me to determine if it was moving in a straight line south or whether it was simply floating. i asked several people in front and behind my seat (same seating oreintation) if they saw that?. i was frustrated that they hadn't and I had caused a minor disturbance on the plane because i was frustrated that nobody was looking out the window because they would have also seen it. i was mad that they missed this event because they had their face in a book. i was essentially trying to find another witness but nobody else claimed they saw it. accepting that this was likely to be a personal experience i let it go and continued to press my nose against the window.  several minutes later i spotted the final and most distant sphere. this was bright in color, no hints of green, only white, bright white. this one was traveling West, of the three seperate objects, this one appeared to be closest to the ground.  upon landing, i found a pilot sitting in the small Sacramento Airport that we were awaiting our flight transfer at. i asked him if he knew what a chrome colored sphere shaped object would be doing in the air? he immediately suggested a balloon and i was disappointed at the thought that a balloon makes sense. weather balloon or party balloon. so i then asked him how many balloons he has seen in the air during his career (excluding hot air balloon), he responded with zero balloons. i described our flight path and he said, aah, yes i just flew on that flight. unspecific to whether he was pilot or co-pilot, i will never forget his face, broad jaw like Elvis, i could spot him anywhere. he also admitted to having not seen the objects (or at least the up close chrome ball) for himself. i was the sole witness.  3 spheres, one at a time, first one was lite-greenish headed opposite direction of plane, the second was way close and i got a very good look at it for the breif 2 seconds it was in sight. my eyes were able to lock on and focus on it before it dissappeared out of my line of sight, it was traveling in roughly the same direction as the first. and the third was faint, bright white and headed westward towards Pacific ocean. i have seen footage of an identical chrome sphere in a ufo clip filmed in Ventura California. i had always been intruiged by ufo's but after this sighting of mine i became very interested for approx 7 months before i was satisfied and no longer interested in persueing clips online or reading such books. i was 20 yrs old. I have a difficult time believing that it (second Chrome sphere) was a balloon, a little girl would have to run into a random farm field and release it. im not sure if balloons remain inflated at that altitude. NOAA uses whether balloons that look very very similar to it, but i doubt that NOAA would release such a balloon in a flight path especially considering that they are aware of wind direction and speed, if this was a whether balloon, it definately posed a danger to the propellers. too close for comfort.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
Orange Orbs;2012-11-03 20:00:00;1 hour;Orange Orbs I was leaving a store around 8pm and looked up for the moon. I noticed orange/yellow pulsating lights ascending from the north/east part of the sky.  First I thought they were the street lights but there were too many of them and they were forming patterns, there were about 12 orange/yellow orbs. They were orange in the middle and yellow around them. They looked like pulsating balls of energy.  I watched them for for five minutes across the street before calling my wife. I told her to go outside and look east but her view from our home was obstructed and too far away.  They formed into two circle patterns and then broke away from each other and then reformed into two circles again.  I watched them for another 5 minutes and came home.  I grabbed the video camera and went back to the store, all but two had left.  I tried to record them but they wouldn't show up on the camera.  And then a few minutes later they both extinguished.   Also when I arrived back for the second time there was an ambulance and firetruck in the parking lot where I had seen them and the paramedics had loaded someone into the ambulance.  The orbs had been right over where the ambulance and firetruck were and I'm not sure if that was just a coincidence.  My feeling of the objects was just amazement and awe. After this happened I posted my sighting on the Mufon website. Well on November 7 I had another experience.  I was at the store the same store where I had first saw these orbs and went to swipe my rewards card and all 4 of the self checkouts simultaneously froze.  I didn't think anything of it but then about ten minutes later I was at a drive through restaurant and saw one singular orb, the same color and distinction as the previous ones.  I went to ask a group of people if they saw it too, turned around and it was gone.  Now this was bizarre.  When I told my wife she became concerned and told me that the only way to get rid of them is through prayer and she prayed that they will leave me alone.  Haven't seen anymore, but I am still curious.  I don't know what the hell they were.  I didn't follow up with Mufon because it is scary and I don't want any investigation as to what they are,  I don't think that I want to know.  Someone said they could be plasma balls controlled by magnetism, but I'm not sure what I believe or who is responsible.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
3 Orbs Appear Amongst Fireworks;2013-01-01 01:10:00;3-5 minutes;3 Orbs Appear Amongst Fireworks I was observing New Years fireworks over a man-made lake surrounded by homes when in the middle of the fireworks display three orange orbs appeared.   At first I thought they were part of the fireworks, but they never exploded and continued to remain in the sky well after the fireworks completed. They were in a line similar to Orion's Belt, then they maneuvered into a triangle.  They remained in the sky for approximately 3 minutes, then faded away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
Small Orange Sphere seen near Sacramento.;2014-02-16 19:30:00;1-3 minutes;Small Orange Sphere seen near Sacramento. We were heading south down Grantline road in Elk Grove at 730pm.   The object was headed north back towards Sacramento, it passed right over our car at about 100 feet.   It was a small orange/yellow sphere.  Looked to have a lite haze around it.   No idea what it was.  Never seen anything like it. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Peter, It looked half the size of the full moon in the night sky.  Kind of a hazed orange/yellow glow.  Since it was night I could not truly tell how high it was in the air.  Seemed to be between 100 and 200 feet and rising slightly I know for sure it was not an airplane or helicopter and lasted too long to be a flair.  It also moved in a linear path and seemed to be rising slightly as it went south to north from east Elk Grove toward Sacramento. ((END ADDENDUM));38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
Silent bright object sending out luminous beams and mist in 's' and hourglass shapes.((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:10:00;3-4 minutes;Silent bright object sending out luminous beams and mist in 's' and hourglass shapes. We saw what we thought was a police helicopter spotlight over the open fields south of Poppy Ridge Road, maybe half a mile away, but there was no sound at all. The sky is clear, but the light appeared as though it was shining into a mist in a cone shape from this round spot. We then thought maybe it was an airplane's landing light. It was moving from south east to west, northwest. Judging speed is difficult because I couldn't clearly determine the object's size or distance. But it went from a point due south of our house to a point directly west in the 3-4 minutes when we lost it in the trees.  The object, after we initially saw it looked very much like a comet, with a very bright, distinct tail. That's when I thought it was a meteor which would burn out (baffling, because it seemed so close at first). I grabbed my binoculars from the truck and looked at it, as it sent out an s shaped wisp of smoke or something and then an hour glass shaped illuminated smoke or something, emanating from the small round point. This happened over a period of maybe thirty seconds and it repeated this several times-I'm not sure they were at precise intervals. I am absolutely sure others looking at the sky in this area at this time would have seen it.  Another thought I had was that it might be a multi-stage rocket, but traveling in this direction makes no sense. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
These orbs or spheres are appearing from the W side of Hood Franklin near I-5 and have been seen for 1 hour.  ((anonymous report));2017-03-12 08:10:00;40 minutes;These orbs or spheres are appearing from the West side of Hood Franklin near interstate 5 and have been seen for the last hour.  I have videos and pictures of object.  They appear orange red and as it crosses over bilby road they disappear in color but I was able to still track in the air as a dark object because of the moon light. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
Flying with no sound.  Appears like a flare because the color disappears but then I was able to see a craft still in the air because of;2017-03-12 08:10:00;40 minutes;Flying with no sound.  Appears like a flare because the color disappears, but then I was able to see a craft still in the air because of the moon.   I have video and images.;38.4168396121885;-121.409714958449
