Unknown ball of light hovers over Mt. Baldy;2005-06-16 22:00:00;10 seconds;Unknown ball of light hovers over Mt. Baldy I am not completely sure of the approximate time of the event, but i know it was between 10 and 11 at night. I was up in the mountains with a few friends of mine and we were celebrating the last day of school. The mountains were and still are, one of our common hang outs but that night was a little different because a new area was recently opened after construction was finished. We decide to go on the new path, which my two others were familiar with. We parked up on area that was the base of the road. We all got out of the and my two other friends began to walk towards the ledge of the cliff directly in front of them facing the interior of the mountains. I stayed at my current location and began to gaze at the sky as i do most every night. I turned about 180 degrees, facing the west, before abruptly stoping at the sight of something i had never seen before. It was a circular object, bright and luminesant. From my view point it appeared to be as big as the moon or maybe bigger. The object had to relativly close because of it size and no plane would safely fly at the elvation through mountains terrain  nor would need to be at the elevation. It was very bright and had a great radiance about it but no light was cast by it. It was a combination of colors but at the same time one solid color, consisting of white, yellow and orange. But before i could call my friends over to look at it, the object shot off at a speed and a velocity i have never seen before. It was very still for a short period of time then dissapeared in the same amount of time or shorter. I began to cheer and laugh because it was my very first U.F.O sighting. My friends gave me ridiculous conclusions of the objects identity, but all of them were nothing like what i saw. I see planes in the sky all the time when i am up there and none of them are that large and could move at speeds that fast. About a week later i was watching a documentry of the SciFi channel called Roswell: Startling New Evidence. As i watched the program, something caught my eye and luckly i taped it so i could go back and check it out. The topic of the section was about project blue book and they began to show different documents from the organization. The thing that caught my eye was that claremont california was listed in one of the documents, and next to it was a case file with a claim of seeing a description of the thing i view shortly before. I also was told by another close friend that he viewed the same thing as me on the same night from his bedroom. It was around the same time as my encounter and he described a loud noise at first and then silence. The object then hovered slowly over his home about three stories above. With these added encounters that are very similar to mine, i am happy to know that i am not the only one who has seen these un-identified objects and very egar on knowing its origins and seeing it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Correct time of the sighting is unknown to us.  We have assigned an arbitrary time above.  PD));34.1091;-117.7126
woke up at around 3am to use the bathroom when I noticed a bright light coming in my bedroom window.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD));2007-10-02 03:00:00;2 hours;woke up at around 3am to use the bathroom when I noticed a bright light coming in my bedroom window.  It was brighter then any star and looked like it was changing shapes,  I got out my viedo camera and started to recored..got a good 20 min of video.  The cirle had a blue ring around it and changed into a square,  when it changed into a square I could no longer see the bule ring around it.  Still have the tape this just happen this morning. ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD));34.1091;-117.7126
this is not venus;2007-10-09 02:00:00;5 HOURS;I posted here on oct 2nd about a ball of light that we keep seeing at different times of the night that appears to move and change shapes.  The conclusion from you all here was that it was the planet venus,  I honestly do not think that is the case.  I saw the same object last night with my lady,  this time it was even brighter and flying real low...so low that we got into the car and tried to drive under it.  I have this on video and have zero problems showing the film to you.  This object has changed positions in the sky on many nights,  changes shapes etc.  It looks like a bright white orb.  I zoomed in on the object and you can clearly see things moving inside it.  Please take a look at what I have on tape,  this is not venus.;34.1091;-117.7126
