A very slowly-moving star-like object flickering light blue and red and hovering low above the horizon.;2004-05-30 20:45:00;Over an hour.;A very slowly-moving star-like object flickering light blue and red and hovering low above the horizon. A short time after sunset my wife saw an object that looked like a flickering star or planet outside the back sliding door of our house.  She told me to come and look at it and my first impression was that it was indeed a planet that was flickering in the haze.  Then I realized that it was a clear night with no haze and the flickering was more like a constant flashing.  The flashing light was changing colors from blue to orange or red.  Also, it was low in the north-northwest horizon and slowly moving lower, closer to the horizon.  It was moving very slowly, much more slowly than any aircraft that I know of.  You had to be watching it closely to discern the movement.  It seemed to be hovering as it lowered in a diagonal direction slightly toward the north.  The object made no sound, although it was probably too far away to be audible, anyway.  During the sighting, I took several 35mm pictures on a fresh roll of film, but it will be a while before they can be developed. As I write this report, the object is still visible over an hour after it was first seen.;34.1091;-117.7126
Bright light expanded and then contracted to a pinprick of light before disappearing;2016-09-27 21:00:00;5 seconds;bright light expanded and then contracted to a pinprick of light before disappearing I was out walking the dogs at around 9:00pm in the neighborhood of the School of Theology.  I stopped to relax and look at the stars even though there were very few (light pollution, clouds, and pollution all contributing to few visible stars).   As I sat looking straight up and a little north toward the mountains, I saw a very small cluster of stars.  Slowly one grew to a very bright light, which I thought a first could have been be a plane coming my way though it wasn’t moving and it became larger and larger to about the size of a dime in the sky.   At this point if it were an airplane or helicopter I should have been able to hear propeller blades or engines but there was no sound and somehow the light was different brighter brighter.  Then the dime sized bright light shrank to a pinprick in the same spot and was gone.  I’ve never seen anything like it!;34.1091;-117.7126
