flashing bright light changing colors and smaller objects flying around it in the night sky.;1999-09-13 04:00:00;45 minutes;flashing bright light changing colors and smaller objects flying around it in the night sky. was at the home of a famous music celebrity when i noticed a strange light in the sky.  i watched it for a while and noticed that it seemed to move in an erratic fashion.  i then noticed that the light was changing colors.  i thought i should get some witnesses to make sure that i wasn't trippin'.  two guys came over and confirmed the object was flashing and changing colors.  all of a sudden, smaller lights started flying around the main light, but they were barely visible.  they seemed to come from the main light itself, then return to the light.  two more people, including the celebrity, then witnessed the object.  i have never seen anything like that - ever.;34.1091;-117.7126
Three moving lights of planetary brightness.;2005-08-14 13:00:00;30 seconds;Three moving lights of planetary brightness. I have to say any scientist who saw what I did would have written down the day and time, but lately my personality has been a little flat and I just said to myself casually well there you have it, we have been visited.  O.K. that out of the way, it was definitely within the last two weeks or week. I went outside to have a cigarette in the wee hours, was listening to flamenco and working on a science project, I sat down and looked to the east at the constellation Orion and I thought, are those three stars the belt or the sword? They were in the configuration of the sword, but much brighter so I thought the belt? Then I realized they were too bright for the belt too. They infact did not blink as stars do, and I thought they looked like planets. They were somewhere between the brighteness of Venus and Jupiter at their brightest. But planets aren't typically that close together, and are usually more to the south. It was then that they started to move like a swarm of bees that have been aroused, slower than a bee though, faster than an airplane, in crazy paterns like circles, about the apparent circumference of the moon, allot tighter even. I thought nothing man made can move like that, so I thought is what I am seeing here is out of the noramal, could I be seeing a UFO. Before I could decide they stopped moving in circles and ellipses, or something like a path traced out by scribble, moved toward the horizon in a straight line and vanished beneath it. Orion was about a good three or four visual feet above the horizon. I used to work at an observatory, hence the accurate description. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.1091;-117.7126
Bright white/red changing light moving calmly across sky, possible round/oval shape to it;2009-03-10 11:20:00;5 min;Bright white/red changing light moving calmly across sky, possible round/oval shape to it I was standing outside at about 11:00 in the morning.  I live in Claremont, Ca, a suburb of Los Angeles, a city that lies against mountains, on the other side of those mountains is desert.  I believe we are stationed in a path on the way to a military base, as I have often seen military helicopters flying over, and we are stationed on some sort of air travel path as many vehicles fly overhead often.  I noticed that it was a very clear day.  I was standing looking westward, which I consider to be Los Angeles, and I noticed a bright white light in the sky.  Which is unusual, as you don’t usually notice lights in the sky during the day.  It was metallic and white looking and I thought it moved unusually.  It was extremely bright and from a distance just looked like a spot/metal.  It was very far in the distance and seemed very high, so I thought if it moved closer I could tell if it was a plane or a helicopter.  As it came nearer and closer, I noticed there was a red tint to it as well.  I thought it maybe a blimp.  As it moved towards me, along this northeast path, along the mountains, and the same direction as the weather clouds today, it became brighter.  The white/diamond light became stronger and it also flashed red.  The lights were unusual, more high-tech than most planes or other flying objects.  The shape was cigarish.  I became slightly frightened as the light was very bright.  It continued moving on its path over my home and along the northeast latitude along the mountains, and continued until it was out of sight.  The entire time was approximately five to seven minutes.  I did not have the time to go inside and get binoculars in order to get a closer view.  I have seen an unusual light at night one other time, but this was by far the rarest and most unusual sighting.  The movement was also strange, as it moved in a very fluid and smooth/high tech manner.   As far as I could tell, it was not emitting sound that I could hear.  I have heard other auditory flying vehicles in the air ! since I sighted it, but I cannot see what craft is emitting that sound. I tried to do a quick research as to weather this could have been a weather balloon, but my immediate response that I’ve found seems to be that weather balloons do not emit light.  My background is mostly that I have an interest in many things, but I do have a slight knowledge of ufo subject matter, and I do sometimes listen to coast to coast, and sometimes read on the internet.  I noticed when I went on your website and looked at other sightings that someone in Rancho Cucamonga has written to you, which I find interesting as that is a neighboring city, although we saw two different colors of lights, we did see things in a similar time area.  I will try in the coming days to keep an eye out, and will possibly try to go outside tomorrow at the same time.  I have to say, today’s visibility is exceptional, and visibility here changes day to day and hour to hour.  Yesterday it was overcast.  Also, smog, clouds, being against mountains, etc. influences.  Not sure what I saw but it was interesting.;34.1091;-117.7126
Neither my wife or I ever saw the bright light with out naked eyes it was only in the photo that the bright source light appeared.;2018-02-13 22:00:00;20 minutes;My wife and I were in our back yard on Tuesday, February 13, at about 10:00 p.m.  We both noticed a white cloud or light which resembled the exhaust from a jet plane across the sky. However, neither my wife nor I had noticed that type of plane exhaust across a night sky. The object remained in the sky for more that 15 minutes and so I decided to take a picture of the streak across the sky. It was to our amazement to see the bright light as the source of the “cloud” phenomenon in the picture I took with my iPhone 7. Neither my wife or I ever saw the bright light with out naked eyes it was only in the photo that the bright source light appeared. Because we did not notice the source light at the time the photo was taken, it seems strange that it was not visible at the time of the picture was taken.My wife is retired and I am a college professor.;34.1091;-117.7126
Two separate balls of light flew by at high speed.;2019-11-21 05:20:00;3 minutes;Two separate balls of light flew by at high speed. I woke up to let my dogs out this morning around 5:20 am. I  looked up at the sky and thought to myself how beautiful all the stars were this morning when I noticed one of the lights that I thought was a star started moving. I stood there wondering if it was maybe a plane, but an actual plane flew at a much lower altitude right beneath it. That’s when it faded away. Judging from the passing plane, I estimated that this light moved about 3-4 times faster and at a much higher altitude.  Then, about 10 seconds later, another light started moving in the same path. I watched  that one eventually faded away also.  It almost looked like it flew in the direction of the moon.  I must add that the night before we noticed some lights up in the sky that we’ve never seen before. If you would like to see a recoding of that, please contact me.  It’s possible that these crafts may have been investigating what’s happening in this area because of that light in the sky.;34.1091;-117.7126
