I saw 3 oval bright white object go up and leave our atmosphere. They left a trail like shootings stars going up instead of down. It wa;2014-01-24 19:45:00;30 seconds;I saw 3 oval bright white object go up and leave our atmosphere.  They left a trail like shootings stars going up instead of down.  It was pretty exciting. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect an evening sighting, but we cannot be certain.  The witness elects to remain anonymous, and provides no contact information.  We have amended the time above.  PD));34.8068;-90.0096000000001
Two white lights, one beam & amoeba shaped white object.  ((NUFORC Note:  We see no UFO in the two photos sent.  PD));2014-04-18 20:45:00;~2;Two white lights, one beam & amoeba shaped white object. I was home alone with the exception of my 3 year old daughter. We have been experiencing some strange things around our home/property therefore installed 2 outdoor surveillance cameras a few weeks ago.  One points toward the street in front of our home.   I put my daughter to bed then walked through the kitchen past camera monitor.  Something caught my eye.  I looked at the screen and saw what appeared to be a large white item with no particular shape flowing above the ground in the front yard.   At first I thought it may be a trash bag, until I realized the wind wasn't blowing to that magnitude plus the object wasn't moving around- it was stagnant above the ground in a flowing motion.   There was a pole or light beam coming from the top of the object- comparable to a flag on a pole upside down.   As I tried to figure out what this was, it proceeded to fly up in the air, go above and over my horse trailer, back down a little and out of sight of the camera.  I sat there, staring for a moment when I saw something else moving around the horse trailer.  It was like a light beam- a thin beam of light yet there was no change in width.  It was the same width as far as I could see it and also skipped some space in the beam.  Like a pole with occasional dead space.  As I watched this beam move around the hprse trailer- like it was scoping something out- it moved above the trailer and did a little dance then back down and around the trailer again.  Then, 2 circular bright white lights appear in view of the camera in the sky.   I quickly took out my phone and began to record the monitor screen, not knowing if my husband had set the cameras to record.  The lights in the sky (one just above the other) moved together at first then parted and danced around and came back together. It hit me I should go outside to see what this was.   Again, we have been privy to strange and unexplainable situations since moving to this home 4 years ago.  I didn't feel threatened but did feel very! anxious I went outside quickly and looked up and around- nothing was there.  I ran back inside and it was all still there on the monitor.  I began to record again for a few moments when I decided to go back out and check again, just to make sure- nothing was there.   I go back inside and check the monitor- the activity stopped and was gone or no longer visible.  I admit to shedding some tears and I'm a pretty strong woman, not one to cry at anything or nothing.  I was overcome with emotion and unsure of what to think or how to feel. My background- I am a credible witness, in my opinion. I am an honest, respected & well-known member of the community.  Contrary to living in MS, I am college educated and have established & operate a non-profit organization that works closely with local law enforcement.  I would not expect anyone that knows me to say that I am weird, on drugs, a fabricator or dramatic. My husband works from home for a respected computer company.   I have video and photos of this occurrence. ((NUFORC Note:  We see no UFO in the two photos sent.  We still await the video.  PD));34.8068;-90.0096000000001
