Orbs of light flashing in the night sky l. They were right in front of us and covering large distances between flashes.;2020-07-22 00:00:00;6 seconds;Orbs of light flashing in the night sky l. They were right in front of us and covering large distances between flashes. My nephew and I were setting out on the back porch of our cabin.  It was about midnight.  It was pitch dark but our eyes had adjusted to the night and we could see almost everything, including the stars and Milky Way formation.  We were setting outside watching stars and talking.  We had been outside for several hours.  We were looking over a large clearing in the valley of two large mountains when all at once we both witnessed a orb of light come over the mountains and drop into the valley about a mile away-directly in front of us.  Within a second, it flashed directly in front of us about thirty yards away.  Within another second or two it passed our position before turning back to us . It hesitated directly in front of us again about twenty yards away before zipping directly opposite our position and back over the mountain.  The event lasted about 6-8 seconds and it was over.  It reminded me of watch fire flies in the back yard.  Only these orbs were larger and coveri! ng large distances between flashes.  They were about the size of a golf ball . They would flash in one spot and then flash again within a second somewhere else Covering large areas at a time. You could see a slight tail of light behind it giving the eye a sense of direction when it flashed as it was traveling.  Other than the slight tail, it was basically a flash of light in the shape of a round ball.  The color was about the same color as the stars a light blueish-white color.  We were both surprised and amazed at what just happened in front of our eyes. The size is somewhat confusing because it is hard to place its size to scale.  That’s because the country behind it was so big, and the distance it was coving was so large.  He is fourteen years old and I know it made a huge impact on his life..  At the time of the encounter, we  were having a conversation about the stars, life in outer space, and religion. We both believe it might have had something to do with our experience.;37.6693;-106.6135
