Brilliant lights/orbs glowing red/orange move across the sky.;2013-02-02 18:15:00;15-20 minutes;Brilliant lights/orbs glowing red/orange move across the sky. This is my second report, a duplicate mind you.  I wanted to add a bit more detail, I also sent an e-mail to director@ufocenter.com with a short video I recorded, but I just found another e-mail at the bottom of this page I'm going to also send it to:    was informed to give more information, and I hope this is a better report.   I sent an e-mail to the Lake Zurich Patch – not sure if I’ll get much there – I haven’t a clue to who to contact at the FAA, so I wish I could be a of more help on that front.  I don’t frequent this site or know the procedures very well.  My hope is others may also report the same thing or a similar occurrence in the area.  I mean there were A LOT of these orbs/lights up there and unless I just happened to be in the exact right place at the right time and nobody else was, I find it hard to believe nobody else saw these odd things in the sky.   I also shot a brief video I’ll enclose for your viewing.  I’m afraid it didn’t come out very well, but you’ll at least get the color and the jist of what I saw.  I wish I could have filmed it in a way that showed them moving, my apologies!  Here’s my 'more in depth' report:   At around 6:15 (18:15)  Facing directly North I witnessed a mass of at least 12 orange/red orbs of lights moving, one after the other, sometimes in almost equal distances from each other, left to right across the sky into the overcast sky.  I gather this would mean they were headed in a southeasterly direction.   I think it’s important to note they seemed to hold a line formation, or follow each other in sometimes equal distances from each other as I mentioned.  But they did not adhere to this formation strictly.  For example, one of the orbs/lights seemed to speed up (or accelerate) to one of its neighboring orbs playfully.  It passed it and then slowed down to match the speed of the orb it passed.   None of the objects stopped completely, however.   I lost contact with them as they travelled into the overcast sky to the east.  I don’t know if that gives an approximate altitude, but they were certainly above the clouds!  They were also moving faster than any plane or vehicle ! I’ve seen before.   Their light was quite beautiful, in subjective words, almost like looking at flickering stars.  I was told they may be balloons of some kind, but I think the best objective evidence or observation going against this is the fact at least one of the orbs clearly maneuvered and accelerated.  (My point of reference was the orb it accelerated to.)  If there's anything else I can do let me know.   Again I'm not really sure who to contact at the FAA, etc.  I don't think we even have a phone book lying around!  If you guys could help me out with this I'd appreciate it.  Thanks. :);42.216;-88.0771000000003
