The objects I saw changed me forever;1974-08-08 22:00:00;two hours;The objects I saw changed me forever color was burnt orange,like setting sun. objects had planned movement.they seemed to act as a group or a squadron on a mission. The globes did not just hover. One would move across the sky then just stop. moments later another would move,then stop. One would move towards another and stop. it seemed like they  touched,then 30 or so seconds it went back to its ariginal position. One of the objects did a strait descent over the swamp past our neighbors house. What was strange about the things that we saw is they made no noise. The objects did not resemble any aircraft that I was aware of. I just turned 10 years of age and I was raised during the vietnam war,and saw many aircraft fly by our house. I had seen many hot air baloons,etc. but nothing like this. WITNESSES, me,6 brothers and sisters, 2 friends of the family,drivers by that stopped at the road side, and finally two lake county sheriff deputies . what  confused us was that the deputies were called  to leave the premises shortly after they arrived. why didnt they stay with us! we had observed them for about 1.5 hours. one of the friends of the family was so scared that he had his shotgun loaded in our house when he called the sheriffs dept. my father always raised us to never have a loaded gun in the house. Our family were raised as hunters so saftey was taught as no loaded guns in the house. I think  that was justified that time. when the objects flew off they left a very short streak of light and instantly disappeared. Later that night I could not sleep. I kept looking outside the window and saw somthing in the big tree on our property. like I was being watched. My life has never been the same. Their has been other incounters since that I could not explain. Flashes of light by the top corner of my window where I use to live,when I was 30 -35 years of age. I visited a catholic priest.went in the church to tell him what was troubling me and at that moment when I said that I and now my ex girlfriend had been seeing flashes of light, in! stantly a huge flash of light went off in an ajoining room in the church. The father said I saw that one.we were the only two in the church at that time. my partner and I do concrete construction and 5 or so years ago saw a very shiny spherical object in the daylight sky at about noon or so.not a cloud in the sky that day.stayed motionless for 1 hour.the object stay in the same position but got smaller and smaller till we lost reference where it was. All of the witnesses that have seen these things that I have seen live normal lives just like I . I dont know? Is it normal to see these things. I wish that I never would of seen what I did so I can sleep better at night! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.216;-88.0771000000003
