Orange lights in a line appearing and disappearing.;2009-08-05 19:30:00;3 minutes;Orange lights in a line appearing and disappearing. UFO Sighting:   Today (August 5, 2009) at approximately 7:30 p.m., myself and three others witnessed what I can only describe as a UFO.  We are located about 10 miles west of Panama City Beach, Florida.  Then sun was about to go over the horizon when I saw a small light about two to three times larger than a star appears to be.  The light was located southwest of us over the water approx. 5 to 8 miles away.  The angle above the horizon was about 35 degrees.  The color of the light was an orange-yellow, similar to that of the color of the sun. After a few seconds the light disappeared then reappeared slightly to the left.  That light then disappeared and seconds later two lights appeared a little to the left of where they had just been, then about four or five appeared, again to the left.  This sequence of disappearing and appearing went on for about 2 or 3 minutes.  These lights were not moving when they were visible, only disappearing and reappearing.  The lights disappeared for a final time traveling a total of a few miles.  The lights were in a line, appearing to be lined up in the direction that they were moving. Every time the lights disappeared they sort of faded out for a second or two.  Their path was a straight line.  There was no noise or anything else associated with this event. I previously considered myself somewhat of a skeptic when it came to UFOs.  So at first I was trying to think of what else it could be.  There are a few Air Force and Navy bases near by, but this was definitely something I had never before seen.  There was no other solid object or anything visible that they could be connected to.  After seeing this I looked up pictures on the internet of UFOs, and found these lights’ appearance to be similar to the event that took place a few years back in Arizona, known as the Phoenix Lights. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be both serious-minded, and a bit shaken by his sighting.  PD));30.3658999999999;-86.2457999999999
