Hovering objects with flashing lights viewed from a suburban area.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly a sighting of stars??  PD));2011-09-10 20:30:00;1 hour;Hovering objects with flashing lights viewed from a suburban area. Me and my boyfriend were driving to dinner at about 8 at night when I looked out the passenger window and noticed three hovering lights in a loosely formed triangle in the sky. We were both very interested because not only did these objects hover, but they had lights that were like nothing I've seen on any sort of aircraft, evening landing lights for an airplane - which could have been possible being it's common to see commercial airplanes low with landing lights on. These lights were nothing like that. The first and largest (or perhaps closest to us) was hovering in place and we were able to see a definite shape that was cigar-like, but also slightly diamond shaped. It had lights blinking in a row, sort of like a carnival ride, which appeared to be going all the way around the object. The lights were a yellowish/whitish tint. It is hard to say how high the object was because we didn't know the size, but it seemed to be around the same level as commercial airplanes were flying at, and the city we were in is about 25 minutes from the airport, so that is a reference. The second was a little lower than the first and it was hard to see an actual shape - that one just appeared to be a light in the sky, also hovering. It's light(s) were the same yellow/white tint. The third was smaller, and hovered for maybe a few moments. It had more of a red light, and you could see a shape, which was also cigar-like. As we were driving, trees blocked our view for a few moments and when we could see them again, the third and smallest one had started to head north away from the others. We were both in awe of what we were seeing. The road we were on is a very busy road, so we were wondering if anyone else was seeing what we were. Then we discussed what it could be, but nothing came to us, as we'd never seen aircraft hover in the same spot before. We dismissed all the other possible explanations because this fit none of the descriptions. We watched the lights until we couldn't see them any more, since we were driving away from them. We would have liked to watch/video tape, but we had reservations for dinner, and we didn't want to be late. So we left the restaurant about an hour later, so around 9:30. We were driving on a freeway this time and again, we saw a hovering light, in about the same area we saw the triangular formation. We both assumed it was the largest one we'd seen earlier, because we saw the object itself, dark against the night sky, still cigar shaped, only it's lights were now just on top, a white one and a red one and they flashed, two to the white, one to the red. As we were driving, we started to pass the object, so it was just hovering, not moving at all, which is one of the strangest things I have ever seen. About 20 minutes later, we were on the first road that we originally saw the hovering crafts. From this angle, we couldn't see it - it had moved about 2 miles southwest (estimated) from where we originally saw it. Suddenly, and to both of our surprise, we saw intense flashes in the sky.  Conveniently enough, trees skewed our full view.  The light looked white when it lit up the sky, but the source, from the slightest glance I saw seemed a soft red or yellow-orange, like of a star that isn't quite as hot as say a white one. That whole half of the sky lit up, and it came roughly from the direction the craft had been seen when we were driving on the freeway. To us, it looked like a grand finale of fireworks, only we heard no noise (which considering how close we would have had to be for those to be explained as fireworks, one would think there would be noise), we didn't know of any fireworks that could have happened that evening being it would be a really random place to have fir! eworks. Also, we didn't see any other fireworks around. My boyfriend sped up to see if we could get around the trees before the flashes stopped, but they lasted only about 20 seconds. I cannot say what it is that we saw. Our logical explanations are just not able to make sense of the flashing lights we saw.  Both of us were very startled - so, we drove to this spot a few blocks away where you can get a really good view of the rest of the city and some of the next city over. We stopped and looked across the sky and once again we saw the craft, now moving slowly rather that hovering. It was moving at about the speed of a helicopter, but it was in no one acting like one. It was steady, parallel to the ground and you could see it's shape against the sky - sort of cigar-shaped. I'd say it was about 5 miles, at least, from us at that time. It moved north west and we watched until it disappeared over the horizon. Both of us were in awe and baffled at what we witnessed that night. We still have no logical explanation of what we saw.;44.6707000000001;-93.2587999999997
10/3/2012 Lakeville, MN Formation sighting identified;2012-10-03 20:28:00;20 minutes;10/3/2012 Lakeville, MN Formation sighting identified Hello, I would like to refute the sighting submitted by an anonymous user of this date and location as indeed valid, but the formation is not a UFO.  They are the lights emanating from the Mystic Lake Casino in Prior Lake, MN, located an estimated twelve miles from the sighting location. The skylights are stationary, are ten in number, and are extremely visible during nights of low cloud cover.  From a certain range, the lights are also visible during clear nights.  I would just like to point this out.  I am a resident of Farmington, MN, a Minneapolis/St. Paul suburb 17 miles east of Prior Lake.  These lights are visible even here and are observable on most nights. Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));44.6707000000001;-93.2587999999997
9 white lights in a circular shape over the Lakeville/Burnsville area;2012-10-03 21:30:00;20 minutes;9 white lights in a circular shape over the Lakeville/Burnsville area My boyfriend and I were sitting on the tailgate of his truck smoking a cigarette at approximately 9:30 p.m.  We started sky watching and noticed a large light through the clouds in a round formation. This light did not appear to move.  We walked into the backyard to get a better view, to see if a spotlight was causing it, but we couldn't find anything.  At that point the lights seemed to be slowly spreading apart and you could tell there were at least 9 separate lights to make up this shape.  The two of us kept watching for a little while longer and decided to run inside to get our three next door neighbors to make sure we weren't crazy.  After only a few minutes of our neighbors joining us a plane started flying toward the cloudy looking lights.  The plane passed underneath the formation and the lights separated into different directions, kind of changing the shape and getting dimmer.   Two out our three neighbors agreed the lights were strange.  Our age ranges are from 26-50.;44.6707000000001;-93.2587999999997
