((HOAX??))  Oval seen emitting haze, and later, smoke. Also took 2 pictures.;2014-05-07 17:30:00;1:30;Oval seen emitting haze, and later, smoke. Also took 2 pictures I was playing basketball on my driveway.  I was having my sister take pictures of my trick dunks but then I stopped because I felt something was watching me.  I looked around me in the sky and sure enough in the eastern sky was a black dot but I thought it was a bird.  So I continued dunking and the feeling persisted.  But simultaneously dog started going crazy in our neighborhood.  I was really creeped out so I look around and the oval wasn't in the same spot it was right above me in a haze( like steam coming off the road on a hot summer day)!  My sister was watching.  We were unable to move, in awe.  It then shot over to the northwestern sky at immeasurable speed.  And that's when we started capturing pictures.  We took two of them.  It then shot out clouds of smoke, we tried to take pictures but the camera died even though it had full percent because we charged it for my basketball dunking shoot.   It then diasppeared at the snap of a finger, just like that!  Ever since the sighting I've been really scared to go back out. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.6707000000001;-93.2587999999997
2 Oval sets of lights seen in Lakeville, MN Aug 9th 2015 between 23:00-23:45.  ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights??  PD));2015-08-09 23:00:00;45 minutes;2 Oval sets of lights seen in Lakeville, MN, Aug 9th 2015 between 23:00-23:45 I was driving home 35W from an out of state Health and Wellness Expo, where I was an exhibitor.  I was trying to stay awake, singing to the radio and looking around trying to keep moving.   I looked out of my driver's side window and I just couldn't miss it!  It was huge, just on the edge of the cloud bank.  It had been raining, very hard at times and there was lighting in the sky earlier.  It startled me enough that I took the first exit I saw off of the freeway and there just happened to be a park and ride parking lot right off that exit.  At first I wondered why no one else was pulling over.  I did consider the casino but as I watched the clouds continued to move and thicken over the lights which were stationary and I could tell the light was coming from above, not below.   As the cloud thickened, I scrambled to find my camera to get some good pictures, I always have my camera with me, I love to take pictures of the sunsets with all the glorious colors they p! roduce.  I was so flustered I couldn't remember how to take my camera off of auto focus to manual focus.  On Auto focus the sensors would not focus in on the lights and it would not let me take a shot.  At that point I was panicked and explitives were flying from my mouth, then, I remembered my Iphone and dug around my truck for that and  final was able to get some pictures of it.  At first I just got the lights, but then, I included the cars passing on the freeway to get some sense of how big this was.  I never heard sound from anything except the freeway.  It didn't seem to move at all, just hang there.  When I was standing there, I was only able to see one set of lights.   After looking at my photos and lightening them up to see what else I was able to see, Presto, there was another smaller set of lights just below and that one did seem to have slight movement as shown by the photos.  In one it seems to be more off to the side and slightly tilted and then it moves to dir! ectly underneath the other.   So keep in mind when looking at the photos, the contrast and light setting had been changed to better view the lights, because as I was looking for and eventually found the phone, the cloud bank thickened over the lights making them harder to see.  And yes this is my first ever possible sighting of anything of this sort and it did definitely keep me awake for the rest of the ride home. ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected advertising lights at a local casino.  PD));44.6707000000001;-93.2587999999997
