I saw a triangle shaped object traveling slowly from south to north east with red lights at the top and bright lights on the sides.;2019-03-29 00:15:00;15 minutes;I saw a triangle shaped object traveling slowly from south to north east with red lights at the top and bright lights on the sides. 03/29/19 Just after midnight (12:15 am 03/29/19) pretty clear night, lights were below the clouds if there were any. I shut off the TV, the room was dark and I looked out the south facing window of our Lakeville, MN, home as I often do to reflect before bed time.  We face a large field about a half mile across with new housing development on the other side.  There is a very large new apartment building straight across from us.  I saw a small bright light in the distant sky above the apartment building to our south.  This is common because we live on a  flight path to MPLS Airport. I watched for a couple minutes and the light seemed to be still so I decided it was a star but it was too low and bright to be a star.  I watched a few more minutes then stood up to leave the room.  I noticed it had moved a little.  I thought I want to see what this slow bright airplane is.  Usually the lights go from just visible to an obvious airplane with landing lights and sound over our house in less then five minutes. A few more minutes (probably 2 or 3) passed and the light was noticeably closer.  I saw pulsating or revolving red lights at the top of a sort of triangle.  The red lights seemed to revolve but the bright lights seemed to radiate down the triangle from the red lights.  It was coming straight at me from the south so I decided to wait and see what this was. It approached closer and angled off to the east toward Saint Paul.  The image stopped getting bigger but I could see it pretty clearly.  The red lights appeared more stationery but flashing.  The bright lights seemed to be traveling down at an angle like they were following a rope from the top of a sail on a sailboat.  The lights came down both sides from the top in a tag along format.  Both sides didn't appear to be synchronized but both were the same.  The light seemed to travel back and forth between the bottom corners, not as bright as the others and more random.  There was very little, if any noise, from it but I felt I did detect a slight distant jet engine sound. It moved further away to the north east until it was back to being a strange bright slow moving light in the sky.  I went to bed.  I told my wife about it this morning.  She found this web site and encouraged me to send in my report.;44.6707000000001;-93.2587999999997
