Round chrome object zips back and forth erratically through isolated down pour reflecting sun flashes before it froze and disappeared.;2021-06-04 20:30:00;30 sec;Round chrome object zips back and forth erratically through isolated down pour reflecting sun flashes before it froze and disappeared. I am 32 years old professional engineer with almost 10 years expirence in civil development and have an environmental engineering degree from CU. It was sunset and we were walking to the east on Main St. toward downtown to join the First Friday festivities when I saw a flicker of bright white light in the sky. The sky was a beautiful red and orange from the sun set with some scattered showers and isolated thunder storms around the valley.  I figured it was a condor/buzzard reflecting the sun of its wings which I have seen before when the large birds in the area circle up a thermal. The object then did a circle or moved back and forth flashing or reflecting the light of the sunset again and again. I thought maybe it was a drone with bright lights flying just over the town but the rhythm of the flashes wasn’t like anything I’ve ever seen. It circled again and I realized it was much further away and moving much faster as it was passing in and out of a isolated ! downpour miles away. It was zipping and swooping in circles in and out of the rain streaks you can see coming down from the clouds throwing reflective burst of light at us as the sunlight caught it.  I told my friend to look up as a said “look a ufo”.  He saw it do one more circle with the brightest flash of what appeared to be a chrome object reflecting light from the sun like if some body was trying to signal us with a giant mirror. Except it was was above the mountains and in the clouds. The object stopped and held still as if it knew I saw it and it was caught in the act. At this point my buddy, his girlfriend, my girlfriend and one more buddy were all looking at it. We could see just a dot that was darker then the surrounding thin clouds.  It sat still for what felt like 20-30 seconds and then just disappeared. It didn’t zip off. It just blinked out of existences or this dimension. Moments later about a block away we were explaining what we saw to a friend and he said ! he saw it too.;39.2511;-107.2044
