Saucer stopped and appeared to search for something before flying behind Mount Washington.;2007-08-16 00:10:00;10 minutes;Saucer stopped and appeared to search for something before flying behind Mount Washington. Just after midnight, my teenage son was sitting alone on the veranda of the inn where we were staying while talking on his cell phone.  He noticed a dome-topped saucer-shaped object with three lights circling underneath fly silently over the valley just in front of him.  He tried to take a picture of the object with his phone, but, unfortunately, the picture didn’t come out.  The saucer came to a stop over a stand of trees and search lights illuminated the trees below as if the unseen occupants were looking for something.  The search lights ended abruptly and the object immediately flew off at a high speed and disappeared behind Mount Washington.  The object then reappeared next to the mountain a minute or so later.  My terrified son (who is quite skeptical about UFOs) came up to our room to wake us and get a camera.  My husband, daughter, and I followed him down to the veranda for a look.  The object still appeared next to the mountain. I stepped into the lobby to see if anyone else had seen the object.  Another hotel guest, who is a pilot, happened to be looking out the window a few minutes earlier and noticed a plane flying over the valley.  The pilot joked that the guy flying the “plane” must have been on a suicide mission as no pilot would fly so low through a valley surrounded by mountains in the pitch black of night.  I told him about the object my son had seen and he and his family came to watch it with us as it hovered by Mount Washington.  As we watched, it appeared that two small jets approached the object and disappeared behind the mountain.  The UFO disappeared shortly after that.  We spent some time with the other family speculating about what we had seen.  Because the UFO was absolutely silent, we eliminated many known aircraft.   We weren’t able to get a clear photo of the object as it was so dark and a good distance from us.  We didn’t see the UFO again.  Our kids were freaked out and insisted on leaving the next morning.  My son was left quite shaken by the incident and refuses to talk about it.;44.3717;-71.6085
