3 Orange spheres seen moving very slow in formation.;2014-01-25 20:48:00;3-5 minutes;3 Orange spheres seen moving very slow in formation. My girlfriend, and I were driving home from a night out in Lincoln, NH. We were on our way back to our home in Whitefield, NH, and had driven up Route 93 north through the Franconia Notch and then exited off Exit 36 towards Twin Mountain/Whitefield NH.  We drove along Route 3 towards Whitefield (approx 16 miles) without anything abnormal. After entering Whitefield on Route 3 we had crossed into the town by passing the town sign between Twin and Whitefield and proceeded up the hill towards Colby Rd.   As we crested the hill and started to turn right onto Colby Road I pointed out three good size orange spheres that appeared to be moving fairly slow on the driver’s side.  I asked her what she thought they were?  She didn’t know but I said “could they be helicopters on a night mission?  She was not sure but I rolled down my driver’s side window, slowed and came to a stop at the top of the hill entrance for Colby Road and tried to listen.  I did not hear any sound that sounded like a helicopter and only heard the wind. There were no other cars on the road and it was dark but you could see stars. I slowed down so I could try to watch them as I started down the hill on Colby.  For the 1-2 min period I sat there in my vehicle, they appeared to be moving but fairly slow and seem close enough to not be aircraft. If I had to guess I would say they were at least 1000-2000 feet up and above the farm fields near the hill. It is possible others saw this in the area but I do not know. I told her “lets speed down the hill” to see if I can get in the open and get a better view. We drove down while watching to the drivers side and I thought I caught a quick glimpse through the trees but was not sure. I eventually approached near Rexford’s construction which was more open with almost no trees and looked and slowed down but saw nothing. That is all. Hopefully someone else reports this. ((ADDENDUM FROM ORIGINAL WITNESS)) 3 orange spheres seen near Rt 3 in Whitefield NH I just filed a report and needed to add on to it. I forgot to describe the spheres.  They were all flying in approx a diagonal line at roughly the same altitude.  They all appeared to move together in unison so in this sense I believed they were in some sort of formation.  The sphere's had a strong orange glow with yellowish at the middle area and there appeared to be an orange aura around them also.  I could not make out any distinct shapes on the sphere.  There was no sound from them as far as I could tell. ((END ADDENDUM));44.3717;-71.6085
