I stood directly under a gigantic spacecraft no more than a couple hundred feet above my neighborhood.;1990-09-01 21:00:00;2 minutes;I stood directly under a gigantic spacecraft no more than a couple hundred feet above my neighborhood. Standing in the center of the valley where i lived(valley is approximately 300 yards wide from ridge to ridge) looking straight up, i saw a massive, triangular craft moving across the two ridgelines, from north to south, just feet from the mountaintops.  It made no sound whatsoever.  I couldn't exactly makeout the shape of the craft at first, because it appeared that the entire sky was moving.  After watching in awe for a moment, i noticed that some of the stars were flashing like a dim strobelight.  A line of these lights extended down the center of the craft, and the outer edges appeared to have similar luminations but more widely spaced.  The size of the vehicle i saw is indescribable, other than that it covered the entire sky.  Even after many attempts to find pictures of a similar craft, as well as witnessing other ufo phenomenon i have yet to see anything in comparison.   I was twelve about twelve years old at the time and this event has changed my entire outlook on life, religion, history, and the future.  At the age of seventeen, i joined the Marine Corps and was selected for Signals Intelligence(mos:2631) at Parris Island, SC. Years in this field revealed to me even more strange and sometimes unexplainable craft all over the world.  I am now 28 years old, and continue to watch the skies for any more evidence of extraterrestrial travel in our skies. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.8254;-81.5391
The football field sized object was triangular and had a gondola - shaped structure underneath.;1995-09-10 09:30:00;10 minutes;The football field sized object was triangular and had a gondola - shaped structure underneath. My daughter and I were carrying in groceries one evening just after dusk. We live in the mountains of Southwest Virginia. We heard a humming sound that caught our attention at the same time. We looked around to see where the sound was coming from and then we both looked up to see a huge triangle- shaped aircraft hovering over our house.At the time, we both were having a hard time realizing that an aircraft larger than a football field would be hovering a few hundred feet over our house making so little noise. I guess it didn't dawn on either of us that this could be a ufo. We actually were just discussing the aircraft and how strange it looked. There was a gondola-like structure (round) which hung underneath the black aircraft.. I thought it might be a stealth plane, but knew they had no such gondola. We could actually see many people moving around in the gondola that were far enough up that they looked minute in size.It was, as I said a huge craft.We thought that the gondola-like center could possibly move up into the ship. There were lights on the corners and smaller lights around the perimeter.As my daughter and I watched, the humming sound became louder and the craft began to move forward and, gathering speed, flew over the small mountain beside our house and then banked left and speeded up even more,and, flying to the left, was quickly was out of sight. After it was gone, my daughter and I just stood and stared at each other and wondered why in the world one of us didn't run in and get the camera.Before this time I was a serious sceptic about ufos..but now my daughter and I don't doubt so much. For years, we really haven't  told anyone except family about this, but now, it seems like it might be a significant sighting. (;36.8254;-81.5391
a black triangle hovered over our campsite for;2007-09-25 19:29:00;5-7 minutes;a black triangle hovered over our campsite for 5-7 minutes  scared me half to death i've read about this crap but i didn't believe it until now my brother wont talk about this but i want to know what i saw was really a UFO ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.8254;-81.5391
Triangle shape with one red light in center flying low, slow, and quiet over wooded, mountainous area.;2016-07-20 21:45:00;3 minutes;Triangle shape with one red light in center flying low, slow, and quiet over wooded, mountainous area. My father came into the house, a bit before 10pm, reporting a strange, triangle-shaped object in the sky.  I asked him if it was still there, he said No, (to my disappointment).   I then questioned him.  He said it was a dark triangle shape flying much lower than a plane would.  It had only one light a red light in the center of the object.  He said that there was only the faintest sound (barely audible), much fainter than what one would expect from an airplane, and especially an object flying so low.  He also said that it was moving more slowly than a plane, and was a very smooth, low, & slow glide from the woods behind the house until it went out of his site.  The object flew in a straight line until out of sight.   The area around the house is very mountainous and wooded.  He was very calm and non-chalant, as he believes it was some sort of military test craft.  However, I wanted to share this encounter in case it is ever of value.;36.8254;-81.5391
