Metallic sphere spotted in broad daylight in a clear sky on a mountain road.;2015-05-29 10:30:00;5-10 seconds;Metallic sphere spotted in broad daylight in a clear sky on a mountain road. Friday, May 29, 2015 at approximately 10:30am, my 11 year old son & I were driving East on Highway 18.  We were roughly 20 minutes West of Big Bear Lake.  The morning was clear.  Blue skies, not a cloud in any direction.   As we were driving on this narrow two-lane, winding road, I saw a shiny, round ball in the sky, I’m guessing it was a couple thousand feet up.  It looked like metal, and reflected the sunlight like a really nice chrome finish on a classic car.  It was textured, like it had different shapes of metal covering the outside it was not smooth or flawless.   We were listening to music, so I can’t confirm if there was any sound associated with the object.  We had the car windows down, but all I heard was music and the sound of our own engine.   It didn’t look like it was moving, and appeared to be stationary in the sky, although I can’t say that positively because I was in a moving vehicle.  I looked at it intermittently for approximately 5-10 second! s. It didn’t look like it was connected to anything, however I figured it must be. Then we drove around a curve in the road and my view was obscured by trees and hillside.  This mountain area has a good amount of forest cover.  I remember wondering what it could be, and figured once we came around that curve it would be obvious what it was… I was expecting to see the ball connected to something else, maybe on a wire.  It didn’t look like a vehicle of any sort.  But once we were around the curve, maybe 10 seconds later, it wasn’t anywhere to be seen.  I was looking all over, as best as I could while driving, but didn’t see it anywhere. Before I could say anything about it, my son commented about how he had seen a shiny ball in the sky.  He had seen the exact same thing I did.  But like me, now he didn’t see it anywhere either.  We talked about it for a few seconds, then I pulled over to the next turnout on the road, and it happened to be a part of the road which came to an overlook for a huge valley.  We were mainly facing East, but we had a good view in all directions, due to the fact we were at a valley overlook.  There was no shiny metal sphere in any direction, nothing in the sky, nothing on the hillside in the trees.  No balloons, no helicopters. I’m willing to accept any logical explanation, but it didn’t look like anything I can think of, and the fact that it was up in the sky and then gone within a matter of seconds throws me off even more. I have no idea what it was, but “unidentified” certainly is an accurate description.;34.235;-116.9053
