Observed with the naked eye, an unusually bright white round object in the NW sky.;2009-02-19 19:00:00;40 minutes;Observed with the naked eye, an unusually bright white round object in the North Western. night sky of Santa Clarita Valley in Southern California.  It appeared to stay in the same position (approx. 10:00 position) 30 minutes or better with the intensity never changing.  During this initial observation the object never came closer or farther in respect to our viewing location basically the object size never changed.  Orion’s belt was viewed almost due West at approximately 11 o’clock position from our viewing position. We heard no noise or saw no indication of a missile launch out of Vandenburg Air Force Base next launch is scheduled for February 24, 2009 per Vandenburg’s calendar.  The object was than observed through the side sighting scope of an amateur telescope (D: 60mm F: 700mm) where the following was observed: object had a dark center, with a white band with red and blue colors radiating outward from the white outer band perimeter. Object remained a full round shape 90% of the time.  However, it changed from that frontal view round shape and rotated on its vertical axis maintaining same vertical size, but it changed its’ vertical shape to half the original frontal view then its’ shape shifted like a saucer rounded on one edge and flat on the other edge then it rotated and titled some more and its’ shape became an oval and went into a horizontal position. Within 30-45 seconds after changing to that final position the object descended below the visible horizon.  The color lights remained the same throughout this observation.  The view through the main telescope was further validated by one of the observers.  One observer having worked on highly secretive military aircraft and that observer understands the maneuverability of aircraft believes these observations are beyond any known comprehensible understanding of present day aircraft to his knowledge.  As of this date has anyone reported sightings similar to our observations? ((NUFORC Note:  Venus is very prominent in the western sky, currently, but if the object suddenly moved, it could not have been Venus.  PD));34.381;-118.6164
Early morning bright/dimming white light, moved, dissapeared/reappeared.;2010-12-03 04:10:00;45 minutes+;Early morning bright/dimming white light, moved, dissapeared/reappeared. First off, my apologies for not filling the report out earlier. I had attempted to stay up till the next night to find out if I could see anything that would disprove me. I was unable to do so because of the cloud cover. The pretense to the sighting was that my girlfriend and I wanted to have a cigarette after watching a show about the previous presidents. It was a cold night with hardly any cloud cover whatsoever so we decided to smoke in my truck to avoid the cold wind outside. There were no other aircraft of any kind in the sky. The sighting began as being any other plane or helicopter in the sky so it went unnoticed for at least 3-4 minutes until the light began to almost vibrate and move side to side(very slightly and not seen in video footage for it being the reason I have the footage to begin with). As we sat there watching this light we noticed that it began to get higher and higher in the sky all while dimming out and showing up higher. I ended up going in for the night just after the last video because I had work in a few hours after. To begin, please excuse the language that was being used. It was a long day and I was excited at the situation. The video footage that I have begins with the light off in the distance. The white circle that looks like a kind of disk is from my front windshield. The light however looks as though it blinks different colors but I did not witness that with my eyes. I did notice that when the light had dimmed  it gave off a bit if a red light. The third video shows the light flare up at around 1:51. The footage however is not really that great of quality although I am willing to risk my name to prove the footage has not been tampered with whatsoever. The resolution is 160x200 and I believe 15-20fps(shot on an Iphone 3g with downloaded application). The footage is very similar to the NAPERVILLE, ILLINOIS, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 11, 2010, AT 06:45 HRS sighting. The differences are that there was only one light and it dimmed out completely at some points and then reappeared higher in th! e sky which is very apparent in the video. I also have a photo of the exact viewpoint of where I was at but during the daytime. P.S.:  Under the check all that apply section I left the first one about being contacted by an investigator unchecked because I would like to be contacted only if the evidence supplied deems worthy of an investigation. In which case I hereby give you the permission to have an investigator contact me.  Also I would like to thank Peter Davenport for your consideration and your promptness. I will be sending the movies and the picture in the email with “Zack Dortch SoCal Report” and my e-mail address is Blitzer89@sbcglobal.net. My coordinates are: N34*23.186' W118*35.775' Elevation: 1631ft +-10-15ft.  Thank you for your time.  Zack George-Dortch;34.381;-118.6164
