Come! Come Here Quick! See That up there???.....;2001-02-24 20:40:00;15-30 seconds;Come! Come Here Quick! See That up there???..... We pulled over for ((a short period of time)), turned off the lights in and out of the truck.  Needless to say my ad is a certified aircraft mechanic, and has had his MPC and A&P liscence for oer 11 years. Quality Control Inspector as of now.  When he said Hey, ((name deleted)), get out here and look at this!.  I then got out of the truck, and left the door open (the light in the cab was the only one on),  He pointed up and showed me a light pointing over the ridge, a yellow-ish light, going over a ridge he had been watching for 10-15 seconds.  He then said that it definately wasnt an aircraft that he knew of, and I watched the first go over the ridge, and then looke up again, and say another, sitting still, about that time it shot straight upward a few thousand feet, and just dissappeared.  I immediately got back in the truck and discussed what we saw as I drove away as fast as possible, and he said it was the first time he'd seen anythign like it.  What makes me believe these weren't Airplanes is: 1) They each had ONE YELLOW light all the way around them, that covered the bottom of the crafts  2) They flew slow, and sped up right before the eyes, in a way an airplane isnt capable of  3) The one that shot straight up, went completely verticle, and just dissappeared  4) When it went up, I thought if it were a plane, I'd be able to see the other lights, but it was just one continuous glow of yellow  AND, 5) THIS IS THE DAMNDEST THING I'VE SEEN IN MY 16 YEARS OF LIFE!!!!!!!;48.183;-122.1136
This object was viewed from west looking east.;2003-09-25 18:35:00;10 minutes;This object was viewed from west looking east. While in the drive-thru line at the Smokey Point KFC, my doughter and I watched a large circular in shaped object blocking the view of the tip of Pilchuck Mountain. The object was reflecting the sun light, so it appeared silver in color. It stayed motionless for approx. 10-13 minutes. Then it proceeded to move northerly around the mountain top to the eastside of the mountain. This took approx. 2 minutes. I then loss sight of the object. I pointed it out to the girl working the drive-thru window and she also observed the object. ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION FROM WITNESS)) We talked with some friends about this and they informed us that sometimes when conditions are right that the Forest Service Look-Out Tower on top of Pilchuck will reflect the evening sun as to appear as a large round light on top of the mountain. ((END));48.183;-122.1136
Bright light, seen from Arlington facing west looking towards Camano Island area;2015-06-07 23:00:00;15 seconds;bright ligh. scene from Arlington facing west looking towards Camano Island area Very bright light seen while looking at Venus from Arlington.   Thought I was looking at a star but it suddenly seemed to turn from going north to facing East got very bright then disappeared.  I am sure it was not an airplane.  There were no flashing lights and when it disappeared it was very sudden.;48.183;-122.1136
UFO description, time, date and event;2020-08-23 22:00:00;30 seconds;UFO description, time, date and event Me and my buddy’s daunte and cainen were all driving back from the angel of the winds casino on a weekend night I believe and on our way home which was only about 10 minutes away, we saw a shooting star and thought it was cool and as the shooting star went across the sky it started falling into our atmosphere at a very fast speed and with my guess I’d say it was about the size of an average house and right before it touched down it slowed down at a speed I’ve never seen before then disappeared in the trees with a green/blue light on the back of it..  We waited for an explosion and looked for a crater but saw nothing, check news media outlets and online and saw nothing.  The next day I looked online for anyone to who saw the event because it was huge and I had no idea how nobody else in our whole town/county couldn’t have seen it and sure enough I saw a post about someone seeing a star fall from the sky with a green light and disappeared and then I knew we were! n’t the only ones who saw and felt a lot more validated.  My whole view on life is 100% different now and I don’t even know what to think. If you guys have any answers please let me know!;48.183;-122.1136
