At approx 1335 8-7-02 I was seated at my desk which is on the 2nd floor of the building where I work.  My office window is on the south;2002-08-07 13:35:00;15-20 min;At approx 1335 8-7-02 I was seated at my desk which is on the 2nd floor of the building where I work.  My office window is on the southside of the building, the building is located immeadiantly to the west of the Arlington airport, at the south end of the North to South runways. My attention was caught by a bright flash outside, which at first I thought was an airplane entering the landing pattern of the airport.  However, when I looked out the window, I observed an object which appeared to be hanging motionless in the sky, at the top of a cloud formation directly to the south of my location. The object looked like a straight dark line running from east to west.  As I watched, it remained stationary for approx. 2-3 minutes, then began a slow, jerky, upward motion, until it was slightly above the cloud formation, where it stopped again.  It remained motionless for a few seconds, then tilted forward at an approx. 20- 30 degree angle, and began moving very slowly, and wobbly toward the northeast.  At this point the object reflected the sunlight.  I could see that the object was a elliptical shape that appeared to be approx 3-4 times longer than it was thick when viewed edge on.  It also appeared to be oscillating or rotating clockwise.  It again stopped and hung motionless. At this point I went down the stairs, to the 1st floor of the building, to tell other people of the object.  I encountered our computer system administer who is a former combat helicopter pilot, having spent some 14 years in the U.S. Army as a Warrant Officer in that capacity.  I told him to look out his window and tell me what he saw.  He looked, saw the object, and said he was dammed if he knew what it was.  He and I continued to watch the object as it moved slowly up and down, and back and forth, side to side.  It tilted several times, and displayed a definate silver metallic color on its topside.  When viewed edge on, it continued to appear dark in color, and thicker in its middle than at its edges.  We both agreed that it was metallic in appearance, and appeared to be oscillating or rotaing clockwise.  We then advised the switchboard operator, who also looked out and observed the object. I had the operator dial the number of a friend who works in north Everett.  I told my friend what we were observing, and asked her to look from her location for the object.  She called back in a couple of minutes and advised that she could not see the object as there were cloud formations at her location.  The system admistrator and myself stepped outside the building where we continued to observe the object as it hung motionless, or slowly moved up, down, and side to side.  During the time we watched, approx 15-20 minutes, several private planes entered the landing pattern, generally by flying in from the north,on the west side of the airport, banking to the east, and turning north again to approach the north-south runways.  All of the planes were between us and the object which appeared to be approx. 2 miles (somewhat of a guess)from us.  The object appeared to be somewhat larger than a Cessna 172 type plane would at the smae distance. We continued to watch the object until it started slowly moving to the southeast, appearing to slowly be losing altitude, and eventually was lost to our sight behind buildings approx. 1/4 mile south of our location.  This was observed by the 3 of us.  Again, I would estimate the entire length of the sighting at 15-20 minutes. I am a former law enforcement officer, and served in a jet aircraft fighter/bomber squadron during my service with the U.S. Navy, I have received training in both oberving details, and reporting, as well as being familiar with aircraft.  This object resembled no aircraft I have ever observed flying.  The system administrator, former helicopter pilot, also could not identify it it as a conventional aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested reports from other witnesses, but they have not arrived yet.  PD));48.183;-122.1136
Large Jet Disappears with its Four Comtrails;2003-09-22 14:50:00;10 seconds;Large Jet Disappears with its Four Comtrails This is more of a report of an apparently conventional aircraft doing something very UNconventional than a typical UFO report.  This afternoon my children were playing in the back yard and pulled me out with them to show me a cool airplane they had seen.  I looked up and saw a large silvery-white jet spewing out 4 distinct comtrails.  It did not look like a commercial plane, so I thought it may have come from the Whidbey Island Air Base which is nearby.  I kept watching because the plane seemed unusual and it made absolutely no sound whatsoever, and I was also checking the comtrail to see if it would spread.  It did not, but after about ten seconds two of the plane's engines/comtrails shut off, and then POOF the plane just DISAPPEARED!  It simply VANISHED!  I was actually watching it when one second it was there, and the next, GONE.  Within a few seconds, the entire comtrail which had taken up half the sky also disippated.  I never see weird stuff, and this is the weirdest thing I've ever seen.  Have you had any other similar reports?  I'd love to know if anyone else saw this.  I don't know if it is related, and this seems particularly strange, but a minute later there was a distinct odor of old, rotten fruit in the air and on myself, and a few minutes after that a new cloud quickly formed and disappeared in the clear blue sky where the plane had flown.  My two oldest children, ages 7 and 5, saw everything with me. ((NUFORC Note:  Contrails can disappear when a high-altitude jet aircraft flies into an area of atmosphere, which caused the condensation to dissipate, or evaporate, quickly.  The fact that the object of interest apparently had four engines, that were producing condensation, suggests to us that it was not a UFO.  PD));48.183;-122.1136
Round object changing colors from white to red, green, yellow or orange.;2004-02-25 23:50:00;15 min.;Round object changing colors from white to red, green, yellow or orange. We were going to sleep and my girlfriend noticed a bright object in the sky to our NNW. We noticed that the object was not moving, but when it did it moved from side to side slowly. We also noticed that this object seemed round, changing colors or flashing colors from bright white to red, to green, maybe even yellow or orange. The object seemed to be fairly high up in the sky,if I had to guess I would say somewhere around 5000 ft. We watched it for about 15 or so, looking at it from time to time through binoculars.;48.183;-122.1136
My wife and I witnessed a dark shadow moving down our sidewalk when nothing was there to make a shadow for an entire block.;2004-06-05 13:00:00;5 minutes;My wife and I witnessed a dark shadow moving down our sidewalk when nothing was there to make a shadow for an entire block. After moving into my wife's house in Arlington Washington, near Arlington airport back in 2004 we witnessed something extraordinary while clearing and plowing a new garden in our backyard. Our cat suddenly started to act odd and was making strange yowling noises. She then suddenly jumped over our wood fence into the front yard in a run. That struck me as very odd. So I looked through the slits between the fence boards to see where she was going.  As I peered through the slits between the boards of the fence I saw a shadow moving down the sidewalk outside our house. At first I didn't think much of it. But then the alarms went off when I realized that shadow was showing up on the ground under the shade of a very large tree we have in our front yard. How can there be a shadow inside a very shaded area? That is when I looked again, but closer. Then I saw it. a thick very black shadow on the ground that was moving from 176th PL NE on 39th Dr NE in a south direction on the sidewalk past our house. I then noticed not only was our cat following this shadow on the ground, but a few other cats from our neighborhood were also following it. Ever seen a cat go after a laser pointer? That is exactly what all the cats were doing. Like they were trying to catch it. I know it wasn't just the shadow that attracted them because of the way our cat sensed it from the other side of the fence in our backyard. It was really weird.  Then I pulled my head over the fence to look straight at it. This thing was invisible when you looked at it straight on, you couldn't see it at all. You could only see it when looking through the small gaps between the boards of our fence. It was moving slowly. To me it looked like the shape of a guy in a space suit pulling a kids wagon. I called my wife over to look. It took her a while to see it, and it didn't register with her that it was something unusual. I had to point it out to her. I said It's a shadow in the shade! Then she got it and her eyes got big. We watched it until it moved too far down the street for us to see it anymore. The last thing we could see were the cats following it because the street turns sharply just a few houses down and changes name to 175th PL NE. We decided whatever it was we didn't want to mess with it or investigate further. Especially since we couldn't see it looking straight at it.  Another caveat to this story is we had a child's wading pool full of water in our front yard. It had no leaks. I say this because it would hold water all day long. But all this same week leading up to this anomaly (shadow thing), at night the kid wading pool would get completely drained. As if something or someone was siphoning out all the water. I kept filling it back up and testing it for leaks. It would hold all day everyday, but be empty in the morning.  A few days after all this happened someone from Snohomish water conservation came to offer us free rain barrels making class. She seemed very interested in striking up conversation. She was cute, blond, late 20s to early 30s. But she just stood there not saying anything after introducing herself and handing me the pamphlet about the class. But she was waiting for me to say something. It was REALLY strange and awkward. I got the distinct intuition that it was related to the shadow we witnessed and the disappearing water. Whatever that thing was, they knew about it and wanted to help us put water out for it. They knew it was taking water off of our property and they were trying to get us to provide water at that location for it. We went to the class and I did set up that rain-barrel. But I put cameras on it. Nothing ever showed up and I never noticed water missing from that rain barrel. I still get newsletters from that group at Snohomish water conservation to this! day. I never posted anything because I didn't know where to post it! And the whole thing seemed too far fetched to tell people about. Seems appropriate here among all the glowing lights people report. http://snohomishcd.org/rain-barrel-program/;48.183;-122.1136
Star like motionless object pulsating blue and red, lasted only five minutes and was gone;2009-04-06 22:30:00;about 10min;Star like motionless object pulsating blue and red, lasted only five minutes and was gone It at first seem to be an airplane, I noticed there was no movement. I went into the house (75 yard walk) to get my girl friend and have her get binoculars. We went back out the craft had still not moved. It appeared to pulse blue and red, to me it seemed to have a star like blue with a streaking effect like a comet. We went in to get warmer jackets. When we got back out it was gone!;48.183;-122.1136
Odd plane with bat-like wings.;2018-10-23 07:23:00;20 seconds;Odd plane with bat-like wings I was driving: Westbound I-530 - at: 7:23am on: October 23rd.  - heading for the freeway at: Arlington/Darrington exit.  I noticed what appeared to be a plane flying slowly over the freeway exit and alongside Denny's Restaurant and the Arlington Motor Inn, higher up in elevation that most planes fly.  It appeared to: stop then:  it rotated and headed back (in the opposite) direction.  It looked like a sleek silver Jet Plane but had odd wings with (bat-like) extensions hanging off its wings.   I have never seen a plane like this before and wonder if we even produce planes like this?   I wonder what the other drivers on the road thought of this:  odd Plane?  And if they were just as puzzled as I was, wondering, What the heck is it?!;48.183;-122.1136
