Close Call with Huge Triangular Craft;1985-08-15 03:00:00;10-15 minutes;Close Call with Huge Triangular Craft I was driving home at approximately 2:30-3:00 a.m., heading north on I-5 from Everett to Arlington. It was a clear night. As I approached the Smokey Point Exit, I noticed a very bright white light (the size of a bright star) traveling from the east to west. It was several miles north of my location. At first, I thought it was a shooting star. But it wasn’t moving as quickly, and it was blinking at the rate of about once per second as it moved across the sky. I watched it for several seconds, and thought perhaps it was a satellite. As soon as that idea crossed my mind, the light suddenly shot back the way that it came, zipped up, zipped north, and then shot east again...and disappeared. It startled me quite badly, and I felt nervous as I continued off I-5 at the Smokey Point (#206) exit. I kept searching the sky, looking for the mysterious light, thinking it might reappear near the place that it had disappeared.  As I turned east and came to stop at the light at Smokey Point Boulevard, I glanced around and looked directly up. I was terrified to see an extremely large triangular object hovering directly above the intersection. It was so low that the streetlights shined on its underside, highlighting large rectangular shaped panels and what appeared to be rivets that were spaced very far apart.  I can’t describe the size of the craft, because it extended beyond my scope of vision lengthwise, and I could see clusters of small white lights that indicated the shape. Could it be that they saw my headlights, and traveled to the intersection where I was heading toward? It HAD to be more than a coincidence.  I couldn’t believe my eyes. I looked around for other people who might see what I was seeing, but there were no other cars around, and no people to be seen at the 7-11 store on the corner.  Even after all I’d witnessed, I really hoped that my imagination was playing tricks on me, so I looked up and expected that it would be gone. But, it was still there.  I then noticed that it made no noise and created no turbulence in the air. I got SO frightened that I ran the red light, turning north onto Smokey Pt. Boulevard and drove as fast as I could all the way home. I never heard any other reports of this.  It has bothered me ever since, and I am uncomfortable to this day about looking skyward. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));48.183;-122.1136
I was out packing groceries in and I noticed a pink colored glow across the street I went in and put groceries down and went out again ;1995-08-12 20:29:00;5-10 min.;I was out packing groceries in and I noticed a pink colored glow across the street I went in and put groceries down and went out again and I stood under the porchand watched it and it came across our property and right across my head, then over my house into the woods.  I noticed that I was not in the spot I was the second timeI was watching it.  I was in the middle of the drive-way.  So I went in and told my momI  went into my room to watch it with her and it was hovering out in the woods for about 7 minutes, then it disappeared before our eyes. I was outside packing groceries, when I noticed a pink glow across the streetabove a tree, so I went in and put the groceries down and went out to watch it,I stood watching it for about a minute when it came towards me and went over my headand I looked up and it was a triangled shape, all black on the bottom with green andred dot.  It looked almost like a computer chip, all bumpy on the bottom.  No sound, maybe somelight wind.  It went over my head and next thing I noticed I was out on my drive-way, where I wasn't a minute ago.  So, I went in and told my mom and we watched it through some trees for about 7 minutes then it disappeared right before our eyes.;48.183;-122.1136
I am a pastor at my church. Today we held a special serman for a couple to be married. After we were through we stepted onto the porch ;2000-08-11 12:00:00;15 Min.;I am a pastor at my church. Today we held a special serman for a couple to be married. After we were through we stepted onto the porch for some lemonaid. Thats when we noticed them circleing over head. There were two triangle shaped objects dark in color ,like black against tha white cloudy sky. They were flying quite low because they were under todays thick cloud cover. I can't believe this happened just less than an hour ago! My hands are still shaking! One of the triangles was following the other in a counter clockwise circle, when suddenly they changed direction. It was like they had no front or back to the craft. They can fly in any direction, and for about fifteen minutes we watched them do so. Only once did we here any sound , a very loud boom that shook our whole church. The bride to be became very scaired and we had to take her back inside, when we returned the objects were gone. In all my 53 years I never have witnessed anything like this. (Groom) Yes this is true we did see the objects  as discribed above. We want to know if we should call the police or what should we do? ((NUFORC Note:  No other reports from Arlington for this date.  NUFORC will attempt to obtain other reports from other members of the church, or attendees at the ceremony.  PD));48.183;-122.1136
metalic object high alltitude;2003-09-29 05:00:00;5 minutes;metalic object high alltitude I was looking at a jet going over head North North East when I seen a metalic looking object moving very slowly.  I live just West of Arlington airport.  It may have been a balloon but it would have to be very large because of the altitude,  I am guessing 30,000 - 50,000 feet high.  I could barley see it with my naked eye.  I got out the binockulars for a better look.  It appeared to be tear drop and looked as though the bottom was moving around.  I have never seen a weather balloon,  it was to high to be an ordinary hot air ballon,  and it was deffinetly metalic because the sun was reflecting off of it.  It moved slow from my vantage point,  it took about 5 minutes to go from 11:00 high to 1:00 high.   One other thing I noticed,  at the time I spotted this thing,  the birds all around we cherping loudly every where.  At about the time I lost sight of this thing the birds stoped as well,  maybe just a strange co-incidence.....  Did any body else see this thing??;48.183;-122.1136
3 or 4 lights in a perfect triangle arrangement, to the west of Arlington.;2016-08-29 21:28:00;>5 minutes;3 or 4 lights in a perfect triangle arrangement, to the west of Arlington. Two of us went outside at night to walk the dog.  I was noticing the stars and that one in the clear western sky looked odd.  I kept looking at it and noticed it appeared to be not one light, but multiple lights, at least 3 lights and perhaps 4.  All together they were in the shape of a perfect triangle, with the point toward us consisting of perhaps 2 lights close together.  The lights were colored yellowish.  The UFO was approximately due west from us, elevated approx. 40 degrees up from the horizon.  My best guess is that its altitude was perhaps 3500-5000 feet above ground, and maybe 4 miles from our position. It seemed to appear to be moving very very slowly to the east, almost as if in a slow moving hover.  No sound could be discerned from it. We could see only lights. My wife took some pics with her cell phone but they just show a faint blur (pixelated) area.   After about 5 minutes of looking, we went back to our apartment to get my monocular, binoculars, camera, and to make a quick report on Facebook, in the hopes that others saw it too.  That took about 3-4 minutes, then we went back outside to the place we had observed the UFO.  We could not locate the UFO again and noted that the sky appeared to be hazy now and clouding up some. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.183;-122.1136
