A Ball of light, thinking it was a plane,aircraft.no sound,no body,floating on air across the sky...VERY low to the ground,or very high;1999-02-21 00:00:00;several minutes;A Ball of light, thinking it was a plane,aircraft.no sound,no body,floating on air across the sky...VERY low to the ground,or very high.. The ball of light was far away..into the nights sky,about 1/2 a mile. i would see a few,and then think it was stars,or military planes,or something.so i gave it no thought.then as i kept seeing these lights,more often than so, i began to get curious.one night i was in my kitchen, my husband was home to, late at night,i saw a ball of light, moving closer and closer,Low over twords my house.I thought hmmm, a plane? So i got my husband to look out the kitchen window,out to the backyard..up into the sky.i showed him, and he was amazed.I was scared. I watched this thing, this light that had no sound, no body,lightly float over my house.my kitchen lights were Off.I ran into the next room, following it, and it continued on,till out of sight.it was so low, and no sound. it was about 100 ft above my house.My husband now denies seeing it,says there is nothing we can do.i see this still. and i close my eyes and walk away... Fearing looking out my window at night.Now.. there is 1 more incident that is fresh in my mind.the incident i just described happenes often.But this incident i am going to explain next.. happened in August/98. I even saw a shrink for this. she thought i was nutz, i never went back to her again...I cannot Tell you how scary this was. It was about 2-2:30 a.m. and a cloudy night.I awoke from my sleep,my son needed a bottle.i walked through the living room,looking out the slider,to see a bright ball of light. I thought to myself,wow, full moon tonight!..and still half asleep, i went to the kitchen.as i was preparing this bottle, i realized it wasnt a full moon. it was not a night for the full moon to appear, nor was a moon low to the ground, almost 10-15 feet off the ground.so i panicked. i froze.I went over to the window and peeked out numerous times, not to be seen, and took a streneuos look at what it was..maybe it was a flashlight,maybe it was something explainable.It wasnt. the light got smaller.then i told it to go away, in my mind,..telling it to go away.this light was in my neibors yard.Now thier house went up for sale soon after this.i am not sure if it is related to this experience....so anyways, this ball of light suddenly got bright, and dissapeared.That was it. But, i do remember the light facing twords my house.like, when a helicopter with a light flickers when it moves. this did.but not that you could really notice it.i swear it was something.I know it was a ball of light with no body,No sound, and dissappeared in seconds.the end.;42.2044999999999;-71.8338000000001
lights in the skies of Aubunr, Mass.;2009-09-20 22:00:00;45 seconds;lights in the skies of Aubunr, Mass. september 20th 2009 around 10:00p.m. a fellow worker and i saw a bright white star-like light in the sky I didnt think too much of it untill my friend told me to look up at it. the star-like light was moving in a zig zag pattern at a rapid rate of speed. it did so for about thirty seconds before it came to a complete stop and then went to a slow zig zag pattern, as it did this the brightness of the object faded away and when it was almost as dark as the night sky, it flashed bright red and dissapeared. awe-struck my friend and I looked at each other and as we did (this took place about 1 second after the red light vanished) the headlights of one of the tow trucks we have in the parking lot turned on directly at us. i went in the locked office to get the keys to unlock the truck and when i did the lights were in the off position. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.2044999999999;-71.8338000000001
