Super fast solid white glowing light in Moses Lake, WA;2007-08-13 23:30:00;15-20 seconds;Super fast solid white glowing light in Moses Lake, WA It was between 11:30pm and midnight on Monday, August 13th, 2007.  My family and I were spending a few days away at a golf resort in Moses Lake. It was a clear and warm star-filled evening, so I decided to enjoy a few minutes of start gazing on our back deck before turning in for the night.  Living in the city, I don't get to see the stars much. After being out there for 3 or 4 minutes, I noticed a solid, circular, glowing white light moving through the sky at about my 10 o’clock just a little left of the Grant County Airport.  At first, I thought it was an airplane but as I watched it I realized that it was moving at an incredible rate of speed, and changed directions quickly and smooth.  It was about the size of a bright star, and had a large glow to it.  It did not have a blinking light like an airplane, and again, it was moving incredibly fast!  There was no sound as if from a plane, and it was not accompanied by a tail as if it were a meteorite (shooting star).  Again, it was near the Grant County Airport, but that may have just been a coincidence because the object looked too far away to have originated from there.  I was staying only about 20 minutes from that airport, and anything that close and normal  would have been larger and loud.  I watched it as it moved around across the sky until it began to fade at about my 2 o’clock.  As it began to fade, the color changed to a fainted red just before it disappeared almost as if that was the color of the underside.  From there, it slowly faded away like it was getting farther and farther away from my direction.  This is by far the strangest thing I’ve ever seen.  If it were some sort of airplane, it’s definitely nothing that I’ve ever seen before in my entire life.  Circular, super fast, solid bright white and silent.;47.1415999999999;-119.2894
strobe lights going over highway and through field;2008-05-16 22:25:00;2 min;strobe lights going over highway and through field we seen 2 round objects one was a blue strobe and the other was a white strobe the blue one was following the white one they first seemed to be on the highway and then they came in the field next to us then the blue one came behind us this happened out side of town very strange my son is frightened. i am a bus driver and had other people on my bus who all seen this.;47.1415999999999;-119.2894
I am born and raised in Moses Lake and I am very used to the planes that fly by and the direction and frequency that they usually fly.;2018-07-11 18:00:00;~5 minutes;I am born and raised in Moses Lake and I am very used to the planes that fly by and the direction and frequency that they usually fly.   This was broad daylight, my brother and I are sitting in the yard rigging up our fishing poles when we see a military commercial style plane flying from West to East we assume heading for Spokane.  We were instantly  freaked out by what we saw.  Understand, this is a normal plane in a normal flight path... and right underneath the tail we see an object very close to the plane kinda dancing around for want of a better term.  This object was a dark color, no lights no sound other than the plane and approx. 1/6 the size of the plane.   As we watched the object flew around the tail and was now above the tail with that same weird undulating motion.  A moment later this object flew directly in front of the plane extremely close to the nose.  We were thinking we were gonna see a crash--very scary thing to see.   I ran upstairs to get the binoculars that any other time would be where I looked...of course they weren't there.  In the time it took me to race back downstairs, I could still see this object in front of the plane headed East.   Either we were seeing some new drone tech being controlled by that plane or we were seeing the definition of a U.F.O.  There is no way the people on that plane were not aware of this object in either case- if this thing could sweat....the drops would have hit the plane, that's how close it was.  Very unusual and disturbing.;47.1415999999999;-119.2894
