report of object witnessed by daughter many years ago;1994-07-20 22:00:00;not sure;report of object witnessed by daughter many years ago This is a rather old report, but I did report it when it originally occurred.  About late July or early August, 1994, my 16 year old daughter had gone to the movies with her boyfriend.  I was in the living room when they returned to the house.  Both children came into the living room with a look of total “terror”.  My daughter ran down the hall to her bedroom and the boyfriend left immediately.  I ran to my daughter who was sobbing and saying, “it was so awful”.  After calming her for a few minutes, I asked what had scared her.  She related she and her boyfriend were waiting for their ride after the movie and went for a walk near the lake.  There was another couple with them who had gone ahead and were sitting on a dock nearby.  Next, she said, she “felt” something next to her and looked to see a very small object which was “flying” next to them.  She said it startled them and the object immediately flew from their sides and became very large, hovering, silently barely above the tree tops. She said it had blue lights which were above it.  She said the total silence and speed of the object’s departure had terrified her.  I had her make a drawing to the best of her recollection about the object she saw.  She made several drawings, and she finally settled on a drawing that looked similar to a butterfly, basically two triangles with a central area much like a cigar.  I phoned a UFO center that evening and was told there had been many sightings that particular night from the Moses Lake area.  A few weeks later, there was a tv program about UFO sightings and one of the pictures looked almost identical to my daughter’s drawing. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));47.1415999999999;-119.2894
The craft was Triangle it has 3 lights it was very big. It was as big as the college here. It stared to follow me and whinI stop it sto;2000-12-24 08:32:00;walking home;The craft was Triangle it has 3 lights it was very big. It was as big as the college here. It stared to follow me and whinI stop it stops. I do not now what it was. But I lift about 8:32 and I came home about 9:56 that was weard.;47.1415999999999;-119.2894
I wasn't a believer... but obviously the gov't hides this stuff with a bunch of media, otherwise: public panic!;2001-04-20 12:00:00;10 minutes;I wasn't a believer... but obviously the gov't hides this stuff with a bunch of media, otherwise: public panic! WOW... I wasn't a believer, but this changed my mind. First off, i know the gov't is reading this and hiding all the evidence, well u know what? Screw u top secret agents, this is a free country, i guess not then. Anyways, it was about 12 at night and my family and i were in the car (6 including me), and it was in the middle of nowhere except for a gas station and some restaurants. There were roughly 50 cars around or so, and nobody noticed or something, i noticed first that a light was just sitting there above a street light, not moving at all. we were about a football field away from it, and we were driving slower now to see it better. I am learning to get my pilot's license, so i know this isn't something ordinary. As we were driving closer to it, i opened the window and stuck my head out, and i guess they noticed me or something. because it started to move to it's side, left and right very slowly, and knowing planes... they can't do that. there were a lot of lights around it, that's all i could see, and due to how the lights were arraigned... it seemed like a street's stop sign cut in half. As we drove underneath it, i tried to see it, but when we looked back, it was gone. that lasted for about 8 mins or so. Then about 20 mins later, we came to our relative's house and just as we parked the car and got out, we saw the same thing again, but further away. I believe it was following us, it's lights were even brighter this time and it seemed to hypnotize us or something, because i would've thought about getting the video camera, but i don't remember thinking about anything....strange, and all i saw as i was looking underneath it was a bright red light... kind of like a beacon, and it seemed like glass or something under it. because i was able to see through it, there were lights from screens on the walls and shadows that just stood there, probably looking at us, don't remember looking at them directly, weird feeling at that time. As it came up to us, it was about 100 ft in the air or so, and was very slow above us and about 100+ ft in diameter. It made NO engine sounds except for a quiet hum and just the wind blowing, most likely from the engine or exhaust that is very efficient. Then as it was getting about 50 ft from us, it was going higher in the air and again... not much sound still and just then was i able to think of the camera and took a little video... but i can't find it, it's somewhere in the house and afraid the gov't might do something to me. then it started gaining some altitude and just turned off the lights or something and it seemed to stretch, because it was so fast, and that's when i finally heard a louder sound from it, could've been an antimatter engine, who knows? the gov't does. Also, i heard that there's an underground military base there at Moses Lake. I know, long story, but i wanted to get the details out, and i didn't revise this, so there's things that are prob. confusing. Thx SO much for ur time, and would love to see this posted so that others could read it and wanna hear response please! I would love to talk to some authority ppl about this. : ) Thx ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));47.1415999999999;-119.2894
Large, triangular  formation of lights witnessed over the Grant Co. Intl. Airport.;2001-05-09 22:25:00;30 seconds;Large, triangular  formation of lights witnessed over the Grant Co. Intl. Airport. At approx. 22:25 hours, I was getting out of my ((deleted)) vehicle when I noticed what I thought to be a satellite passing overhead. After looking closer, I noticed that there were two other satellites following in formation, forming a very large triangular shape. I began to watch it closely and noticed slightly dimmer lights that appeared to outline the object, again forming a very large triangle. The object continued to travel across the night sky at a very slow speed yet very high altitude never, losing its formation.I continued to watch the object until it disapeared behind the cloud cover. My background is in ((deleted)) services, a full-time ((deleted)), and a reserve ((deleted)). ((NUFORC Note:  We have deleted certain data from the report to protect the individual's privacy.  Witness appears to be a highly qualified individual, and probably is an excellent observer.   We believe that the witness may have observed three satellites that have been reported to NUFORC recently.  They appear to fly in unwavering formation, and they seem to remain visible for several weeks' duration.  They are thought to be part of a U. S. Navy space surveillance effort, which is referred to as N.O.S.S.   However, we have no explanation for the additional lights that the witness describes.  PD));47.1415999999999;-119.2894
11/27/2006 6:47 Moses Lake Wa lasted 3 mins cicler craft with lights vanished when it dimmed out;2006-11-27 06:47:00;3 min;11/27/2006 6:47 Moses Lake Wa lasted 3 mins cicler craft with lights vanished when it dimmed out Me and and 4 friends were heading to Big Bend college on the highway from Ephrata to Moses Lake.  I was telling my friend Dave about the book I check out from the library at the college it was the Gulf Breeze sightings.  When out of the corner of my eye to the small town of Straford which is southeast of Moses Lake I saw Two Huge round light and smaller one in and around the cicler craft which was very close the the snow clouds I was not the only one to see this craft ,But my friend also saw the said craft which lasted about three min and then is slowly vanished from our sight by dimming out I belive this was the real deal can you tell me if any-one saw something of the sort or iare my friend and me the only wittness thank you and I'll chech back on this sight letter this month and report any other ufos Ok!!!;47.1415999999999;-119.2894
High speed, Three globes in triangle formation, orange glow.;2012-08-20 22:30:00;5-7 seconds;High speed, Three globes in triangle formation, orange glow Three Orange globes in a triangular formation moving from the Southwest to the Northeast over rural central Washington, observed from Moses Lake, Wa.  On Monday night at 22:30 hrs. I had let my dog out to do his business, and have went out on the patio to see if the there was a possibility of seeing any remnants of the Perseid Meteor showers.  While looking up there was a glow to my right and turned to see if it was a meteor breaking up, but the glow continued and pulsated, while maintaining direction. There were Three Globes in a triangular formation, with a pulsating orange glow, (similar to those photographed in the Grand Chute, WI report).  This area has a lot of aircraft activity, over the years, military, private, and passenger craft training.  This was not an aircraft in the common description, the size would have been larger than anything known and the speed at which it traversed the sky, nothing could keep pace.  This formation was only visible in my range of view for the period of five to seven seconds.;47.1415999999999;-119.2894
