Red orb comes down our driveway;2011-10-30 21:15:00;90 seconds;Red orb comes down our driveway It was around 9:15 pm when my son and I were playing outside in the snow we had gotten which is odd to get that early in the season. the sky was beautifully clear so I was looking at stars as I often do on clear nights. I had seen several objects that looked like stars moving through the sky ( I see these things frequently and don't exactly know what they are) after the &quotmoving stars&quot disappeared I walked over to my son. Moments later at the end of my driveway a red glowing orb popped out from the tree line it appeared to be around 100 feet above the tree line.  I quickly told my son to go up to the porch as this orb travels over the driveway towards us.  We watched from the porch as it slowly paraded over the driveway.   I yelled for my wife she came out just in time to see the red orb shoot into the sky at a 45 degree angle and park itself in the sky it took seconds to reach its destination and was completely silent.  We stood there and watched for it! to come back but it did not.;44.2537;-70.2468
Orange ball slowly comes over driveway;2011-11-01 19:30:00;3 minutes;Orange ball slowly comes over driveway Around 7:30 pm my son and I were outside he was playing in the snow we had gotten the day before halloween and i was watching the stars as I always do on clear nights.  I watched what appeared to be a star flying through the sky ( i see these often but tonight there were several)  I watched it as it traveled down the horizon and disappearing over trees and the end of my driveway.  A few minutes later I see an orange Ball poke out from the tree line at about 15,000 feet up. (we have airplanes and helicopters over our house at least every hour this was much lower then flying range) I grabbed my son and brought him up the porch as I didn't know what this thing was going to do.  The orange ball slowly paraded over our driveway silently moving as it was about lined up with our house my wife came out I yelled for her to come quick  and we watched it increase in speed and moving at a 45 degree angle into the sky and appeared to either park or land on a star because when! i went out the next night it was still stationed where it stopped assuming it stopped and didn't land or drive by out of sight.;44.2537;-70.2468
