Flashing red, blue and white stars at home over Coquitlam, BC;2006-02-17 00:00:00;ON GOING;Flashing red, blue and white stars at home over Coquitlam, BC While visiting with new friends, the husband repeatedly kept going out on the back patio turning all lights off outside.  He eventually called my boyfriend and I out, his wife pursued.  He pointed to the sky asking what I was seeing?  At first glance I just thought stars, I recognized some constilations:  Orion, the Big Dipper, Seven Sisters.... oh wait!  Some of these stars are flasing red, blue, white and seemed to hover and move very slowly!  Could my eyes be playing tricks on me?  Possibly, but could 4 sets of eyes be playing tricks at the same time?  As I looked closer at the sky I could see many more of the same flikering colored lights mingled amongst the constilations.  Some seemed to be stationary while others moved slowly, almost unknownst.  Then I saw what appeared to be smaller white lights leaving a brighter flickering colors cluster!  My mind raced with curiosity and bewilderment, could this be UFOs??  The rest of the evening I couldn't keep my mind off of what could possibly be going on in the sky above, I found myself returning to the patio to see if there had been any changes?  Most of them hadn't moved all evening while others had and as I stood there for a long time I could tell that some moved slowly, most kind of hovered, moving back and forth and a couple traveled at greater speeds.  It's incredible!  They informed me that they and a few friends had been watching them for about 2 years!  As the morning drew closer, the lights moved higher in the sky, disappearing as the sun came up.  I have to admit that while I knew what we were watching I was still questioning what I had witnessed that night.  Since that night I have been watching and noticing that most are still in the same place while the constilations have traveled.  I know these are not stars!  Although I am a newer viewer, my friends have told me about the happenings they have witnessed and also showed me pictures of the same pattern of greenish lights (formation something like a spoon) which they have photograped on various occactions.  It is truly amazing!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));49.2698980769231;-122.809814102564
