A black sphere at dusk.;2007-08-17 20:45:00;20-25 Seconds;A black sphere at dusk. My wife was coming to get me in the barn and as we exited she turned around at the door to speak to me. When she looked to her left, which was a westerly direction, she said, Boy, that balloon is really low. When I was finally clear of the barn doors I turned to my right to see this black sphere shape that was crossing the sky. I was trying to determine if it was a balloon as she said but due to the speed and the direction in which it was flying I thought that it can’t be a balloon. The sun was still up and had not yet set as I watched the object move across the horizon. The object maintained its shape and altitude the entire time and did not change from its black color. As I started to turn to the southeast direction I watched the object move.  You could see that the object was shiny as it caught the setting sun. The object crossed over the roof top of my neighbor’s house and then over a group of trees in the field across from our house. This gave me an idea of how high the object was. I would guess that it was between 800 feet to 1000 feet high. As it traveled northwest to southeast the object did not change from this altitude. The distance traveled was very quick.  Once it was over the field, which would have put the object directly in front of our house, it disappeared in the sky.   As my husband and I were walking towards the house I noticed something in the sky above us. I couldn’t tell what it was so I asked him if he saw it, too. Together we watched it cross the sky right above us.  What we saw is best described as a black sphere. It was very visible to us there was nothing else in the sky. It was clear in our field of view. At the same time we noticed it so did our dog as she began barking. There were no lights – no sound as it traveled – just a black sphere that traveled across the sky. It was flying north to south and at a fast speed. It flew horizontal, it didn’t move up or down in the sky just straight across in a direct path. Then it just disappeared – it didn’t go up into the clouds or disappear into the horizon - it was just gone. We saw it at around 8:45 pm - the sun was just beginning to set. We watched it for several seconds as we discussed what it could be. The height it flew was similar to the height of a low flying aircraft. The actual size of the sphere was hard to judge but it seemed smaller than any aircraft we see flying at that height.;40.2744;-83.196
