There was a very large object with bright yellow lights going across, it was moving slowly for about 7 seconds, then vanished.;1978-05-27 20:00:00;7 seconds;There was a very large object with bright yellow lights going across, it was moving slowly for about 7 seconds, then vanished. There was a very large object in the sky, shaped like cigar shaped rock with many rectangular yellow lights going across the object.. It was above the clouds the lights were very bright. This was witnessed by 6 kids on bicycles and at least 2 adults.;41.6181;-74.3266
Monkeys where they shouldn't be,  and others saw them too.;2000-03-15 08:30:00;30 seconds;Monkeys where they shouldn't be,  and others saw them too. In 2000, I worked for a Land Surveyor. I was driving with my boss, on our way to a job in New Paltz, NY that morning.  About 2 miles from the center of the somewhat-famous Pine Bush, NY sightings...I saw a dead animal on the road up ahead.  At first I thought it was a cat, but as we got closer I saw that it wasn't.  Then one specific animal came into mind.  I didnt mention it because I thought my boss would think I was crazy, but then he said it for me. He asked, What the heck was that, a monkey?.  At the time I didn't realize that a book had been written about Pine bush, and mentions several witness-accounts of Lemurs or other monkeys in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));41.6181;-74.3266
Odd lights in the sky over Pine Bush: commercial or extraterrestrial?;2013-08-20 05:30:00;5 seconds;Odd lights in the sky over Pine Bush: commercial or extraterrestrial? This morning while driving south down NY route 302 I rounded a bend on that hilly and wooded road, and saw in the sky above the trees three widely-spaced white lights with a flashing red light underneath.  My first thought at seeing the flashing light was OK, FAA regulation lights and didn't immediately pull over to really have a look (plus I was doing 60mph).  But when I rounded the next bend about 5 seconds later and had a view of the same patch of sky, the object was gone.   So I started to really analyze what I saw for those 5 seconds before.  If that was a man-made craft of some sort, it would've had a very long wingspan based on the positioning of the lights.  Plus, the sky was just lightening for dawn, yet I could see no discernible fuselage, certainly not a full-size jet with a large wingspan, nor could I hear any aircraft propulsion.    Furthermore, those lights were far below normal commercial airspace, more at about private and small aircraft altitude. If it was a large transport flying into Stewart Air Base 20 miles to the east (Newburgh, NY), why did it have lights already on and why was it flying north and not east?  Also, those lights were not nearly as bright as commercial landing lights.  If it was a small private plane or ultra-light from Orange County (NY) Airport to the south, why would it be flying in the dark at 5:30am, with such a long wingspan, and traveling fast enough to disappear in 5 seconds?  I am an art director at a leading aviation and aerospace magazine, and am well-informed in latest aircraft and UAV technologies.  There was just something too odd about the lights I saw this morning.  Plus, with Pine Bush's long history of sightings (the town itself has even adopted a gray alien character as the official mascot!), anything is possible.;41.6181;-74.3266
