Flying rectangle over Pine Bush, NY late last September?;2004-09-20 02:00:00;5 seconds;Flying rectangle over Pine Bush, NY late last September? It was late at night last September, and I was at our family's cabin outside of Pine Bush, NY (home to much UFO activity in previous years). I stepped outside for some fresh air and to look at the stars as it was a very clear and dark night. After a short while, I noticed a strange flying object appear in my line of sight (a lot of trees on the property), moving in a straight line northeast to southwest. It flew at medium-to-low altitude and at a consistent rate of medium-fast speed, nothing outrageous. But what was strange was that it seemed to be rectangular, with approximately 6-9 dim reddish-amber lights placed at odd positions around the craft (not symmetrical), and it flew entirely silent through the still, cold, autumn night air. The Orange County Municipal airport is about 10 miles away, and we see all kinds of private aircraft and ultralight homebuilt planes fly over during the day. But they all make plenty of standard aircraft engine noise, and at night, always have the required symmetrical lighting and flashing strobe light. Though I did witness this in the dark of night, the rectangular craft did not remotely appear to be any kind of conventional aircraft whatsoever. Most importantly, it was totally silent with strange non-regulation lights. I am a 48-year old artist, musician, graphic designer, and arts educator from New York City, so I feel like I am visually literate. I am a fairly recent newcomer to this small summertime bungalow co-op here in  Pine Bush, though my wife's family have been members for 20+ years. While I have not witnessed any previous UFO activity in the 5 summers I have been coming here, nearly all long-term co-op members have UFO stories of their own to tell from back when this whole area was a UFO hotspot. One woman and her ex- both insist that about 15 years ago they were physically restrained in their beds during a close encounter and witnessed a saucer take off out of the neighbor's field. I am only filing this report now as I recently discovered your organization and web site, and just today read someone else's account of a flying rectangle. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.6181;-74.3266
