Train of lights headed into Nevada.;2020-06-17 04:16:00;5 minutes;Train of lights headed into Nevada I was outside early to let the dogs do their business. I saw some 'stars' that seem to be moving, so I was watching and making sure it wasn't an illusion.  We've seen these lights a few times now and didn't get excited.  We are just on the California side of the Sierras and I have assumed that these must be some sort of test craft. I was looking in a north-east direction at them (towards Nevada) when the sky lit up.  Suddenly there was a train of lights.  It started in the western sky behind me and then travelled east towards Nevada. There was some distance between each light and although they were travelling in a straight line, I'm pretty sure they weren't all always going the same speed.  They were uniformly going in a straight line, but like traffic on a one way road, they weren't all going the same speed.  I'm guessing here, but the line at it's longest must have been over 50 miles long - it spanned the entire sky west to east.  NO sound whatsoeve! r. The lights travelled like a train and when they were over the peak of the Sierras they headed DOWN and promptly disappeared.  This may be unrelated, but shortly before all this occured, when I went outside with the dogs, I noticed that our solar house battery lights flashed really strangely for about a minute.  Afterwards, we checked the outside security cameras to see if they caught anything but they were all aimed too low.  Then it occured to us that it may have been picked up on a public web cam. The only cams like this I could find that would allow me to playback in time were some set up by PG&E (power company) to monitor for fires. I quickly found footage of the event. Unfortunately, the video is timelapsed,  so the 5 minutes or so of this event is quite abreviated, but it shows the lights and the time/date info is all there.  I checked Mufon and other people elsewhere described the same thing on the same morning.  After the lights disappeared I saw the normal flashing lights of some sort of high-up jet plane flying east to west.  Anyway I have the timelapse video and would be happy to share it.;37.8375;-120.1035
