A string of multicolored lights, silently gliding by above the tree tops, at 11 pm, in a high mountain town.;1994-10-01 23:00:00;5 minutes;a string of multicolored lights, silently gliding by above the tree tops, at 11 pm, in a high mountain town I, a woman in my mid-thirties then, was bar-tending in Arnold, CA, at a bar called The Junction (this bar is no longer there).  I closed the bar at 11pm, as per my boss's instructions. There just wasn't allot of business in this little high mountain town in the Sierra Nevadas, so we closed early.  However, the bar up the road, White Pines, about 1/2 a mile, did stay open usually until 2 am, and I often went there after closing my bar. So, this one particular night, I closed my bar as usual, and everyone else was gone by now--I was by myself, and as I was descending the broad steps to the empty parking lot where my 4 wheel drive Toyota pickup was parked, I looked up into the beautiful black night sky that was star filled, as was so often the case in this mountain town, I saw in the sky, just above the tops of the tall pines, this strange, long string of colorful lights!  They were almost like a string of Christmas lights, doubled or tripled over, with a wasp-waist dip in the middle of the string. I was just astounded!  I watched from one of the steps, as the lights moved from the North to the South, slowly, but steadily.  There was absolutely no sound. I was thinking about what it could be.  I went through all the possibilities in my mind, and there was nothing that could be man-made that this thing would fit.  I was positive I was seeing a UFO. It continued across the hwy, that's Hwy 4, a two lane small hwy, that was also empty of traffic, (typical at this time of night) where I got a really good look because there were no trees there to block my view, and watched as it continued across the sky over the pine tree covered hill to the South, and silently disappeared. I started being afraid, and ran to my truck, and got in as fast as I could.  Then I thought it was pretty silly to think my truck could protect me from anything as advanced as that, if they really wanted me!  I started my truck, and headed to the White Pines bar, as planned.  I was going to meet a friend of mine there.  She was coming up from the town of Murphys, about 20 miles down the mountain to the West. I thought to myself, I'm not gonna say anything when I get to White Pines, they'll make fun of me!  I want you to realize that the people in this small community knew each other, and that these small town bars were where friends meet.  I knew at this time of night there'd be a handful of people, who all knew me. So I parked and went into the bar, and as my friends greeted me, I spoke out:  I just saw a UFO!  I just couldn't help myself!  They did give me a bit of a bad time, but after only a short time my friend from Murphys came through the door, and she heard us talking about what I saw, and she said she'd just seen the same thing!  She'd been driving up the mountain, coming to meet me, when through her windshield she saw a string of lights, moving from North to South, at a slowish speed.  It also had the multiple strings, with a wasp-waist in the middle.  She was driving so wasn't positive there was no sound, but she didn't hear any sound. There was one difference in her sighting:  the lights were not multicolored as I saw, but blue and white. I was really glad to have my story corroborated! I think she was too.  I was glad, after all, that I'd said something. It's been years, this is the first time I've ever put it in writing, but it sure hasn't faded in my memory. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));38.3145;-120.2648
