2:30am, a very loud rumbling noise overhead,  strange musical sounds, and greenish image projected on wall.;2008-09-23 02:20:00;5 minutes;2:30am, a very loud rumbling noise overhead,  strange musical sounds, and greenish image projected on wall. This may sound crazy but here goes. It was approximately 2:20am on Tuesday morning, Sep 23, 2008.  I woke up to go to the bathroom.  After I got back into bed, I closed my eyes and I saw these distorted images reflected in my eyes (my eyes were closed).  These images were red, blue, yellow, green and in the shape of random lines vibrating.  All of a sudden I hear a very distorted sound, like someone playing a strange instrument with only 5 notes playing one at a time.  This continued for about 2 minutes until I heard a very loud , deep rumbling noise, like an engine, above my house. I got up to look out the balcony window but could not see anything in the sky.  All I could sense was absolute silence, no other sounds could be heard, no wind, no cars, no birds, not even an airplane which I thought could be the reason for the noise.  But there was absolutely nothing.  It was as if time had stopped.  This rumbling noise was very low, like nothing I’d ever heard, but I couldn’t see anything. There were no lights.  This lasted maybe 1 minute and then I heard those notes again.  I looked around the backyard and then all of a sudden, to the left of me, I see this greenish shaped image projected on the wall of the apartment complex to the left of my house. It was the shape of a circle with a point at the top and a flat bottom with a line running through it. It was on the wall for a few seconds then it vanished.  It must have been at least 10 feet wide and 10 feet long on the wall. I then proceeded to the front of the house thinking maybe the noises were coming from there but did not see or hear anything. I went back to my bedroom, sat there for a few seconds and then heard those notes again! I looked out the balcony door I saw it again. The image projected onto the apartment complex.  It lasted about 1 minute and then vanished. You must think this all sounds very crazy and unreal, but I saw it and heard those noises.  This is the first time I’ve had an experience like this in my life. All this lasted about 5 minutes.  I couldn’t go back to sleep for at least an hour after that.  It was the strangest thing i've ever experienced.;37.6551064102564;-122.425653846154
