Silent, low flying, multi-light triangle shaped ufo.;2003-09-11 00:10:00;10 minutes;Silent, low flying, multi-light triangle shaped ufo. We saw this craft at around 10 minutes after midnight on 9/11/03 while on a break while working the night shift.  The craft appeared approximately 1/2 mile to the west.  I estimate it to be between 1500- 2000 feet in the air.  It appeared over a treeline.  Once we saw it we thought it was a new version of the stealth fighter out of Whiteman Air Force Base, Knob Knoster, MO.  If this was one, it was one bad ((object)).  When it started coming to us, we realized it was something VERY different.....we are use to seeing these stealth fighters at all times of the day/night.  We are use to the lighting, and sounds of these planes.  This was different.  First thing we noticed out of the ordinary was the lights.  This one had a HUGE headlight?  It looked just like a car headlightlight beam shing in a fog.  As it got closer we saw the bottom of it.  It had 1 huge dome light on the bottom.  it had 3 much smaller lights that made an equilateral triangle.  This thing was heading straight at us.  That is when we got out of my truck.  It flew by very close to us from the NE.  By this time this thing was probably 500 feet high.  That is when we both noticed how silent it was.  Before that we were just entranced by the lighting of this thing.  But this thing was SILENT.  after it passed, we watched it fly to the south.  Once it got about 1/4 mile away, all we could see was 2 flashing lights.  At that time it looked like a typical stealth bomber.  Later that night my co-worker was taking trash out and saw another one.  He said it was silent as well, but with 1 headlight, and 3 bigger lights making up the triangle, but no dome light.  We figured it might have been a new version of the stealth, but why would a stealth bomber have all those funky lights?  My co-worker and I went to the day shift this week, and today I was telling a friend at work about this encounter, and he told me an interesting story.  He said another guy told him about a girl witnessing the same craft, but she called the sheriff.  He said there was nothing to worry about, but that they had over 100 calls about the same thing that night.  Windsor is a very, very small town, and to have 100+ people report it is just mind boggling. ((NUFORC Note:  We will forward this case along to the Missouri Investigators Group for follow up, and to try to find other withesses.  PD));38.5281;-93.5364
