Viewed a ball of hot pink light above the treetops.  It was moving sporadically up and down and side to side. Then after approx. 2 min.;1999-11-17 21:23:00;2 min;Viewed a ball of hot pink light above the treetops.  It was moving sporadically up and down and side to side. Then after approx. 2 min. it blinked out. While setting up to view the Leonids Meteor Shower my friend form work ((name deleted)) and I happened to see a bright light to the South West. The whole object was consumed in this hot pink light. We viewed the hot pink light as it zig-zaged across the sky making sharp patterns and turning back in on itself.  It would accelerate up and down as well.  ((name deleted)) went to get his binoculars out of the car while I kept an eye on the object.  While he was getting the binoculars it just blinked out.  While on the phone with Mr. Davenport we thought we saw what was another UFO in the south east but determined that it was only a star after closer observation. There was no way that the first object we saw was a star or a conventional aircraft. Of that we are both absolutely sure. Since Mr. Davenport was on the phone when we saw the star we thought it necessary to include it in the report and let him know that we were in error.  Having said that we end this report.;31.3616;-89.5751
Viewed craft with hot pink coloration in the south west the craft was similar to the one reported at 21:35 on 11/17/99.  It also was se;1999-11-18 00:18:00;1 minute;Viewed craft with hot pink coloration in the south west the craft was similar to the one reported at 21:35 on 11/17/99.  It also was seen to blink out after a couple of minuets. My friend, my wife and a physician from the local hospital were looking at the Leonids when we saw a hot pink ball of light above the tree tops to the south west rise up and zig-zag across the sky.  We watched for about a minuet or two and it to blinked out of sight in the middle of the sky like the first sighting earlier that evening.  This sighting occurred approximately three hours and some odd minuets after the first sighting which we phoned in.  The difference in this sighting is we had more witnesses this time.  The physician has a good knowledge of the stars and was at a loss for words about the sighting.  It was almost as if he didn't want to believe what he saw.;31.3616;-89.5751
