Circular craft with lights around the entire parameter hung low and immobile in Dayton ohio;2011-06-26 22:00:00;5 minutes;Circular craft with lights around the entire parameter hung low and immobile in dayton ohio On Sunday June 26, 2011, at approximately 22:00, I encountered a circular craft on route 4 south driving towards downtown Dayton, Ohio.  The entire parameter ((sic. Perimeter)) of the craft was outlined in bright white lights.   It was hanging low in the sky and was immobile.  One flashing white light was pointed towards WPAFB and was blinking on and off.  I could not detect the color of the craft as it was dark outside.  It almost looked like it was black or invisible but could detect an outline like black against a black sky.  The circular craft had a half circle bubble on top of the circular base and that also had lights around the parameter.   I pulled off on the Harshman road exit and pulled my car into the Riverside police station for a better look.  It was hovering right over the overpass very low to the road.  I rolled down my window and could not detect any noise.  I was surprised that no one else was pulling over to view this strange craft as it was so low to the road and very out of the ordinary.   It was about five minutes since I drove upon the craft and pulled over that the craft very slowly descended into the base area until I could not see it anymore.  I relayed these events to my friend and she posted this to her facebook page asking if anyone else saw this.  Two other people wrote back stating they saw the same thing around the same time.  Not sure if this was some prototype from the air force base or if this was something else. Did not see any other airplanes or other crafts around the craft. I will say that twenty years ago when I was ten years of age, I saw an identical looking craft above my old house that was located ten miles from the sighting previously stated.  It was around the same time at night.  It had the same blinking white light that flashed into my bedroom blinking on and off for ten or fifteen minutes.  The blinking light made rectangle shapes on my bedroom walls.  I brushed it off as car lights until I noticed the blinking lights weren't stopping.   I looked out the window and saw the same circular craft with lights around the parameter (sic.  Perimeter) hovering very low to the ground not making any noise.  It frightened me and I ran and told my parents.  Of course, it was gone by the time they came to investigate.   I wanted to mention this older past experience as the craft of Sunday's experience was identical in appearance and behavior.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
Round red object seen by two security officers then two fighter jets flew over area;2012-09-29 01:00:00;60 to 90 seconds;round red object seen by two security officers then two fighter jets flew over area Two security officers patrolling parking lot and my partner told me to look and he pointed to the east in the sky and we saw a red object that was round like a baseball and very brite it was heading towards us and started going up on a angle then went straight up into the clouds moveing in a way I have never seen before. 10 minutes later two fighter planes flew in the same area and did a wide circle like they were searching for something.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
There were aircraft in the vicinity, aircraft chasing the object ;2013-03-28 21:00:00;5 minutes;There were aircraft in the vicinity, aircraft chasing the object  Dash of fire in sky.  Then what appeared to be a star that was moving. After words an airplane seemed to follow the same direction of the u.f.o.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
We saw six circular orange in color objects. The objects would go in different directions and then disappear.;2015-05-01 23:00:00;30 minutes;We saw six circular orange in color objects.  The objects would go in different directions and then disappear.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
I was driving southbound on interstate 75 headed to work in Dayton, Ohio at 1805 hrs..;2015-11-22 18:02:00;5-7 seconds;I was driving southbound on interstate 75 headed to work in Dayton, Ohio, at 1805 hrs.. I was in the Troy, Ohio, area (mile marker 78) when I observed a greenish blue light crossing the sky from the north west falling downwards towards the south east horizon. From first sight until it disappeared was approximately 5-6 seconds. I have seen numerous shooting stars (enjoy watching meteor showers).  Those I have seen are visible for maybe a second, many with a tail behind them.  Although the light made a rapid descent into the horizon, it was not at a split second speed common to seeing a “shooting star” and its bright solid blue green, almost neon color was also not typical. I am not sure what this was but it was too slow for a meteor (at least I think so) but far too fast for conventional aircraft. This is the second time in my 60 years of life I have felt the need to report anything in the sky.  The last time was in the 80s when I, along with dozens of other individuals saw a ball of fire streak across the sky in Virginia.  Originally I thought it was a plane crashing on fire but it ended up being a meteor.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
Near Dayton, OH, red-orange object in night sky;2017-07-06 21:41:00;3-4 minutes;Near Dayton OH red-orange object in night sky I'm nearly 40, with a doctorate degree and a former university-level research assistant to a professor of astrophysics. On this night, ny father was sitting outside on our back patio in the dark, only a porch light illuminating the area.  My mother and I were indoors, talking, sitting at the kitchen table. That room has windows which face north, one of which overlooks the back patio.  That window was partially open, as was at least one other. At approx. 9:48 pm EDT, my father shouted something unintelligible (to me) through the open window nearest the table where I sat inside the house.  My mom understood what he'd said, telling me of my father, He's demanding I come outside!  After that, I heard him as he continued yelling to my mom to come outside right now to see something. I will outside, instead, anticipating an announcement to the effect of, There's a skunk in our yard! (There is long precedent for this sort of statement).  I walked to the door, and as I crossed the patio toward my father, he pointed toward the sky (it being nearly entirely dark, this was not terribly useful and I did not even know he'd done until I saw a photo taken that night).  I asked where to look, and then he explained to me where to look in the sky:  toward the far northwest to the west side of a large tree in our backyard. Once I turned  to look in that direction, it was easy to see the object to which what he'd been referring.  It appeared to be quite large, utilizing nearby homes and trees as a point of reference, and was a vibrant, brightly-colored object which appeared nearly round in shape.  It seemed to glow, and that glow was quite intense, the entire object a uniformly-brilliant red-orange and lacked any discrepancy in intensity over its entire visible surface. It appeared to be relatively large, greater than the size of any plane (civilian or military) I've yet to see under similar circumstances.  It appeared, initially, to be flying a bit lower than even the typical passenger planes which I see daily as they fly to and from a nearby airport.  The only crafts I've seen in such a low flight paths have been F-15s & F-16s flying during either the local, annual air show, or else flying in and out of nearby Wright-Patterson AFB. This red object moved quite rapidly, heading east with its initial path seemingly parallel to the earth.  After about 30 seconds, it disappeared from my view as our backyard tree obscured my line of sight entirely, then returned to view.  When it did, it appeared to remain moving forward from West to east, still traveling parallel to the ground for about ten seconds.  Then, it suddenly appeared smaller (from which change I'd generally infer either a change in size, luminosity, or distance from the point of observation, but whatever occurred did so seemingly instantaneously). Then, still appearing smaller, the object apparently gained altitude, rising from  a former point about 35 degrees above horizon to ~45 degrees above horizon, and then, at zenith, the object seemed to cease moving completely.  It did not move nor vary in size or light intensity for several seconds, then began moving in a manner completely different from how it had moved before stopping.  It repeatedly moved in what appeared to be a linear, upward direction perpendicular to the going (without any associated forward or backward motion), did the same moving downward, eastward, westward, or at varying angles it seemed to move closer at times, farther away  at others, each of the perpendicular motions made occurred without the object also moving in any direction parallel to the ground, yet other  times it moved forward (west to east) or backward while apparently accelerating or decelerating.  It also would simply cease moving and remain static, as well as move in sharply curving and angled paths as it appeared to simultaneously move up or down. It remained the same shade of glowing, vivid reddish-orange throughout, its light initially seeming to vary in intensity relative to its distance from me, but after the first 60 seconds or so, these changes in light intensity seemed to lack any correlation with the way it appeared to move. It was during the sequence of rapid, varied movements that the object again appeared to completely cease moving, and, while remaining stationary, appeared to divide into two of itself, yet both objects appeared identical in shape, and color/luminosity.  There was no visible division of the first object it simply appeared to change from one object into two, the second appearing (at first) as if conjoined with the first object, as initially, a small portion of the edge of its upper left (west) quadrant appearing to either overlap or be contained within the edge of the lower right (east) quadrant of the first/original object.  The only visible sign that accompanied the appearance of the second object was a quick, less-than-a-second, flare-like emission from the lower-right (east) quadrant of the first object this quickly-appearing and quickly-fading flare was the same color as the object itself.  The second object appeared nearly identical to the first/original, except it appear! ed to be slightly smaller.  The second object remained visible for only a second or less it then vanished entirely, without any apparent movement at all. The original object remained, now alone again.  It remained visible for ~90 seconds more after the second object disappeared, the original resuming its prior series of sharp, quick motions (without any apparent pattern or sequence) alternated with seconds of apparent non-movement. It had been visible for 3-4 minutes when it again appeared to stop in place, stationary, then its light intensified as it appeared to increase slightly in size (perhaps it was moving closer to me).  Immediately after that, at an incredible speed, the object moved silently to the east, then appeared to gain altitude at this same, ultra-rapid speed (closest to which I can compare its speed is to that of a meteor streaking across fhe night sky) as it moved east-to-west at quite a steep angle, although it did not move in a straight line as it did so.  It never ceased that motion, but once it reached its highest point, it moved with the same sort of extremely rapid speed toward the east/southeast before vanishing, seemingly among the clouds in that direction. Whether its motion was linear or otherwise, each motion of the object was quite fluid & it always appeared to move with a noticeably agile ease.  The object seemed entirely silent throughout.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
Dayton Ohio Area Pale Orange/White Circular Light in Night Sky.;2019-03-10 19:25:00;4 minutes;Dayton Ohio Area Pale Orange/White Circular Light in Night Sky. I was finishing a walk of the block with my dog and was thinking about walking her a bit farther down a street running to the south so turned to look down that street and noticed the light from what I assumed was a plane flying high above treetop level to the south. Living in one of the flight paths sometimes used by the Dayton International Airport, I didn't think much of it until I realized (as I waited for my dog to finish sniffing the ground) it didn't appear to be moving either horizontally or any closer or farther away.  I watched the light and there was only a solid, steady pale orange glow -- the blinking lights I anticipated would appear never did.  Maybe most noticeable was the total absence of sound that always accompanies the aircraft I see at this approximate distance.  I did see a flight cross in the distance from west to east, its lights appearing smaller indicating it was probably either smaller or farther away than whatever it was I had noticed! which remained stationary as the aircraft passed behind it to the south the aircraft was easily identifiable by the blinking of its lights.  The brightness of this light varied just slightly in intensity, getting a bit brighter or growing more dim for a few seconds.  The color remained the same.  It never seemed to move, but I glanced down at my dog for a second, looked up, and it was gone.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
