Formation of at least 9 flying vessels flying a unique precise pattern and flight path. Circular/Crown Shaped.;2012-12-01 18:50:00;10 minutes;Formation of at least 9 flying vessels flying a unique precise pattern and flight path. Circular/Crown Shaped Last Saturday about 6:50pm (1 December 2012) I was leaving home heading to a local store to get in a few lottery tickets.  No sooner than I had came outside to get into my car.  I looked up into the sky as I noticed a light being emitted from some type of flying craft.  I was thinking that one seems a bit unusual as it turned and went out of view. I thought to myself, I wish I had my digital camcorder or something.  I felt as though I had missed a chance to obtain a nice shot of a UFO. Just as I got ready to get into my car, I noticed three more of these objects, first there was one, then two, then three.  I paused for a moment took out my cell phone and captured a still photo image of the vessels. I was able to capture all three in the frame of my cell phone.  As they went out of sight I got into my car backed out of the drive way made an almost immediate right turn and headed straight down the street. I noticed there appeared to be more objects approaching.  They also went as far as the others and turned into a right bank and out of view.  By this time I was wondering if more were coming as I had already see at least four. I slowed down my car reaching for my cell phone again and started taking photographic images.  I pulled over and stopped on the right hand side of the road. I managed to capture a couple more still images.  Then I slipped my phone (trail and error) into video mode and managed to capture even more evidence of this rare event. The first video displays an object approaching as if it is coming up out of a cloud and it makes me wonder if there was a mother ship over top of the cloud and obscured from sight.  In the first video it is so short that you can barely see the lead UFO moving.  However, I filmed a second video which was about 52 seconds long.  This video clearly shows at least three of the objects coming from the same direction and approaching my direction but off to the left (drivers side of the vehicle). I was able to capture some of the objects approaching and observed them flying the same pattern in the same formation as the rest. All of the objects that I could clearly see, looked the same. The bottom was a bright fiery color and was circular. Now that I think about it, it reminds me of a crown. The top portion of the vehicles was darkened into the night sky and they were all seemed to be hollow at the bottom and with an intense uniform fiery glow. These vessels seemed like their power source was centered at the bottom of the crafts and circular. In the first still image that I captured you can see a portion of what I described as crowned.  I did not note any navigation signaling lights and this is clearly displayed in the video I was able to capture. I did not bother to call the authorities or the local Air Base as I have already been there and done that years ago. I figure they are not going to tell me anything, at least not at this time. I would like to state that I would love to be working for the Government in this line of work. I do have experience as a Police Officer and was called to a UFO seen way back in 1983. This is the first time I have ever been able to capture UFO footage. I have lived around Military Installations my entire life and I have flown overseas three times. I see many aircraft around here and the all fly with navigation lights and these objects did not. I would estimate that there were about 9 - 12 uniform objects that were involved and in plain view. It is like they just rolled in and the airspace and sector was all theirs. I was so busy focusing on the UFOs and trying to obtain photographic evidence, that I didn't even pay much attention to the normal aircraft in the area.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
9-12 objects in apparent  formation black and firey orange circular on bottom/photos and video captured;2012-12-01 18:55:00;10 minutes;9-12 objects in apparent  formation black and firey orange circular on bottom/photos and video captured Last Saturday night (1 December 2012) shortly before 7:00pm, I was leaving home to go to a local store on Valley Street to purchase some cigarettes and play a few lottery numbers.  This store is located in Dayton / Riverside Ohio, and very close to Wright Patterson Air Force Base.  Dad is currently buried at the local VAMC and is retired Air Force. When I stepped outside and was going to get into my car, I noticed a strange object flying overhead and breaking into a turning pattern to the right and upwards movement.  I thought to myself how odd and I wish I had my digital camera. I thought oh well, it is gone and I missed my chance to get it on tape.  No sooner than that happened and I was getting into my car, I noticed that there were three more of these flying vessels identical to the first. (All of these objects seem to have the same flight path / plan).  At this time I took out my cell phone to try and capture still images or video.  Oddly enough, I was able to capture a photo of three of the objects in one still frame photo. I thought to myself, oh well at least I got a still image photo and will look at it later.  I put down the phone and backed out of the drive-way, pulled forward and made an immediate right-turn and proceeded to travel down a street that I drive down everyday.  Oddly, enough I didn't get very far and I observed more of these strange looking vessels coming my way.  I slowed down to a stop on the right side of the roadway and started capturing what I could on my cell phone again.  This amounted to a few still images and a few short segments of video. Once the last one went by, I called my mother on my cell phone and told her to go outside and look up to see if she saw a UFO.  She did, but was unable to see anything.  She stated that it was cloudy outside.  From experience I know these objects do become obscure by clouds sometimes.  Even in the video footage that I was able to capture, clouds can be observed in the night sky.  Another strange thing is that there seems to be a moon like glow coming from over top of the clouds.  Therefore, it is possible that there could have been an obscure mother ship in the vicinity. I could tell these UFOs were not regular jets as the lighting was different looking.  There were no airplane lights mounted on them blinking at all.  There is always aircraft in this area and you will see their lights twinkle when flying over-head, or off in the distance. NOTE: The objects were dark on the top and firey orange and circular on the bottom.  The power source seemed to be coming from the bottom area and you could look up into it and observe a circular pattern.  The objects appeared to be some type of circular shape.  It is so astonishing to look at something for such a brief period of time and try to rationalize what you are looking at.  I am so use to the after-burn being on the back-end of a flying vessel that it was very puzzling. Strangely enough during this event I did note other regular jets flying at much higher altitudes but off to the far right and left sides of these vessels.  When I think about it all, it makes since that they would break off.  This is a populated area and I think it would be very bad to intercept or try to intercept these objects over our cities, unless we had no choice. This is just my opinion and is based on what I observed.  I can't say what the military or civil agencies had up and flying in the area during this time.  I did not contact anyone at Wright Patterson Air Force Base, been there done that.  I have been involved with UFO Research off and on since 1983.  This is the first time in all those years that I have been able to capture photographic images. I did some brief internet searches utilizing key words pertaining to what I witnessed and the first search turned up positive and interesting results.  I am submitting this report to various UFO Agencies within the USA as they are trained in working with the Public and private citizens in this field of research. I am a US Veteran and if called upon to work with the Government, I would gladly do so and assist in anyway I could.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
Formation of 12-15 orange-red lights moving silently over northeast Dayton, OH.  Appeared below a ragged cloud deck.;2013-12-31 22:00:00;6;Formation of 12-15 orange-red lights moving silently over northeast Dayton, OH.  Appeared below a ragged cloud deck. We live in the northeast portion of Dayton, OH and on the evening of 31 Dec 13, I went to take out the trash at 10:00PM and noticed a line of lights moving fairly low over our neighborhood and my property.  We had a broken cloud deck at between 1000-1500 feet and these lights were clearly visible so they were below the clouds.  There was a ragged string of lights, 12-15 in total, bright orange-red, in a ragged line moving from S-SW to N-NW, TOTALLY SILENT when they went over our house, so I know they weren't powered aircraft or helicopters.  Balloons?  Hardly - they moved too fast.   The group of lights at the head of the line seemed to stop and some of the followers caught up and then the line began to fade out.  The last lights in line were over our house and you could see that they were  climbing up in altitude into the cloud deck.  Total time was on the order of five minutes.  I called my wife to come out and take a look she saw them and went back into t! he house to get her camera, but she couldn't get any shots of them - just points of light to the camera optics.  First time I've ever seen anything like this and I know what I didn't see - no airplane, no helicopter, no balloon.  I’ve got several degrees, my first is a degree in aerospace engineering and I’m also a retired Air Force pilot, so I think I should be a credible witness.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
Light formation in sky.;2014-08-30 21:05:00;1 minute;Light formation in sky. 	Cluster of five white lights, after a few seconds, two disappeared.  They reappeared a few seconds later.  All 5 were there briefly again, then they disappeared altogether.;39.7269357059506;-84.1770537456251
