Saw a triangle shaped craft over the river between midnight and 1 am;2019-03-30 00:45:00;3 seconds;Saw a triangle shaped craft over the river between midnight and 1 am I am a Federal Police Officer, Aberdeen Proving Grounds,MD.  Last weekend in March 2019 I was on nightshift. I parked my patrol car along the seawall of the Gunpowder River facing North-Northeast, stopped to fill out paperwork and a coffee.  The weather was generally clear with hazy area on the horizon.  Earlier in the evening Army National Guard UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters had been flying from the nearby airfield passing over the same area conducting touch and go passes.  Flight ops had ceased about 2030(8:30pm).  I can also observe flight traffic inti Glenn Martin State Airport across the river. I have been an aviation enthusiast all my life, I KNOW conventional aircraft.  Also have flight some flight training approximately 20 years ago in single engine Cessna 152.  I happened to glance up through my windshield and an angular triangle/wedge/chevron shaped craft seemed to appear as if from behind a cloud of which there were none.  It moved w! ith absolute silence from right to left for a few seconds before disappearing the same way.  It was seemed triangular or wedge shaped, difficult to tell precisely.  The blunt end seemed to be the front as there was a bright white landing light.  A single red light toward the front was visible and a few dim white lights strung along.  Again, NO SOUND.  I am familiar with the engine & rotor blade sounds.  The Blackhawk at that altitude would have made quite a racket.  It was approximately 3 inches long held at arm's length and traveled about 6 inches.  I have only confided with one other co-worker and that was recently.  I have hesitated to make any sort of official report for the obvious reasons.  I have also tried to convince myself that I saw a UH-60 returning late as the red position light would have been in about that same spot, but my professional training and experience and gut feeling says no.  I do not seek publicity of any sort and consider m! yself an open minded skeptic on such matters.  I just want to know what I saw.;39.4269;-76.3094
