Strange maneuvers from lighted aircraft;2016-04-24 22:28:00;3 minutes;Strange maneuvers from lighted aircraft Ufo sighting 4/24/2016 White House, Tn, 37188.  Walking North back from my garage to my house at 10:28pm, I spotted a red light, very bright, in the sky, Northeast from my perspective. It was moving in my direction as I spotted it.   I first thought it was a typical airplane as I live not far from Nashville International  airport approximately 30-40miles south of me and  I see airplanes frequent.   As I was walking up my drive I gave it a second glace and it seemed to stop, so I stopped to get a better look. It just sat there still , I could clearly see a single bright red, and a single flashing green.  I wasn’t sure if it was a single red or two reds that were possibly close together.  I was tyring to figure out what I was looking at when it made a u turn maneuver and started back northeast and then stopped again.  I started walking up my drive quickly as I was trying to get passed a tree until I reached my back door.  I stood there watching it spin and do small maneuvers  almost dancing like.  It never made any noise that I could hear.   I called my brother, he lives next door,  in hope he could run out to see it as well. He was not home but driving home  just seconds away, I was talking to him on the phone as it again turned and flew out of site. He missed it by merely seconds.  The great thing was my brother managed to trip the motion sensor on my front porch cam as he is driving toward me, so I did get about 8 seconds of footage before it moved out of site. Now I’m not saying it was aliens, but a true UFO certainly from my perspective.  I have a fascination with the skies and frequently look at stars and anything moving in them.   Actually I think it was probably military according to lights. It did seem to move like a helicopter, but it made no noise that I could here.  I live in a very quiet town and I can here planes and heilcoptors on a regular basic, even the more stealthy military choppers I can here at that distance, but yet I never heard any noise. 	I was excited to finally see something I couldn’t explain what it was.  I have very good perception of different  things I see in the sky.  I am a model aircraft pilot and enthusiast and I’m aware of the possibility of a drone or an unmanned craft.  It didn’t  strike me as any model type craft.  Funny thing is, it almost seemed  like it saw me looking at it and it did’t know what to do.    I will include a link to the surveillance cam footage: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ub71hgRIm0&feature=youtu.be ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.4566;-86.6638
