I don't know what it was, but we watched for 2 hrs!  I can't wait to see if it happens again tonight!;2006-02-23 00:45:00;1 1/2 hrs;I don't know what it was, but we watched for 2 hrs!  I can't wait to see if it happens again tonight! last night i glanced out the window and thought i saw a star blinking slowly, then i looked closer and realized it wasn't a star.  i called my husband into the room to have a look too, we though oh, it must be a plane, but it didn't look like a plane, then i said maybe it's a helicopter, we went outside, but there was no sound, we shoulve have heard something if it were a helicopter.  i called a friend who lives down the road and told her to look out the window.  she did and saw the same thing.  it looked like it was coming closer, then started flashing different colors, but always staying a bright white as well.  we watched it for an hour and an half, then it started moving away...it took 30 mins more before the light just disappeared...  during the time we watched it, it didn't move much, just stayed in the same place.  we both wanted to report it, but didn't know who to call, we didn't want to sound crazy, i'm convinced that we saw something.  what can stay in the same place for that long.  it didn't flash all the time, only part of the time and sometimes looked like it was spinning. we compared it to other planes that we say in the sky, this was way brighter and didn't blink like the plane lights.  we also know that it was too low to be a star and they don't flash like disco balls.  i am convinced that we saw something.  something that i will never forget.  i just want to know what it was!!!  the only my friend and i could keep saying was i wish the cameras were working...why don't we have telescopes, and i'm out of tape for the camcorder!  how great is that!  the strangest thing we've ever seen in our lives and have nothing to back it up with.  aggghhhh, not fair!  i'm going to watch all night, maybe it will come back, why would something stay here for so long?  i live in the country, field behind my house, but still....so many questions and no answers!;41.5977447368421;-85.8549565789474
