Couple sees slow-moving, large, rectangular object in the night sky as it flies directly over them.;2013-09-15 21:00:00;2 minutes;Couple sees slow-moving, large, rectangular object in the night sky as it flies directly over them. One clear, rather bright (it was around summer time) night, my girlfriend and I witnessed something neither of us will likely ever forget.  It was a typical night for us we had just gone out to dinner and returned to her house at around 9:00PM.  Getting out of my car, my girlfriend pointed out what she thought was a crop duster in the distance to me.  We stood in her driveway just staring at the thing for quite a while as it flew in our direction.  As it got a bit closer, we realized something rather important:  it wasn't making any sound, and crop dusters are fairly noisy machines (not to mention crop dusters do not typically operate at night).  As it slowly came closer, we continued hypothesising what in the world it could be.  At one point, I even said it looks like a helicopter flying sideways or something, to which my girlfriend replied yeah, but I don't see any blades, and it isn't loud.  She had a good point there, a helicopter would have been rather deafening, but it was still across the street quite a distance from us at that point, so I figured there was still a chance it would be louder when it got closer.  Eventually, the thing flew directly over our heads only roughly 100ft from the ground.  Despite being in such a close proximity to us, the craft made only a very low, very quiet humming sound and produced no wind-- it just sort of glided over us at a very constant, very slow speed.  Whatever this object was, it was perfectly rectangular in shape, very thin-looking in proportion to its width, and had two equidistant white lights (one on each side of the craft) which faced forward rather than downward almost like circular car headlights.  Sadly, the thought to take a picture or video of this thing did not even cross our minds until after it had disappeared behind her house.  I know this sounds crazy, but we honestly did not even think to get any form of evidence of this thing as it was in our sight (plus, it was at night, so any picture or video would probably have looked like a dark blur anyway). I am not claiming that this was uncountably an alien UFO, but whatever it was, we saw it.  We saw what we saw, and nothing can change that.  It was amazing, it was breathtaking, and for some reason we were completely unafraid. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.5977447368421;-85.8549565789474
