5 bright lights seen in medicine hat, alta. in the mid afternoon in 1980-1981;1981-08-12 14:00:00;1min30 sec;5 bright lights seen in medicine hat, alta. in the mid afternoon in 1980-1981 i lived at the time on a hill in medicine hat, alberta, my apartment was on the third floor, as i was comimg down the staircase outside the apartment i looked to the northwest. it was perfectly clear skies, a sunday, very quiet afternoon, very little wind, i noticed 5 bright white lights toward that direction i had turned. it immediately struck me as odd, as there was nothing between the lights, just 5 bright white lights, seemingly attached to nothing to hold them together. i would say they appeared to be 40-50 degrees off the horizon, and seemed to be very close to downtown area, within a mile or so, that was the perseption i had. as soon as i realized what i was looking at was odd, i called frantically to my friends and girlfriend still in the apartment. and they came to see what the hell was going on, and also seen briefly what i was seeing. they were moving in a easterly direction slowly, no sound, no colours, just white lights with blue sky inbetween. the light wasn't so overly bright to blind you or make you skwint your eyes, much like a flashlight, but once again, early to mid afternoon. i've always described it like this...if you were to take a soup can with the lid cut off , and imagine a light eminating from the inside of it while facing you, that's what it looked like at first. remember , 5 of them in a triangle formation, facing me. as i watched and my friends arrived on the scene, which took them 20-40 seconds to get there, as they didn't believe me as i  screamed for them to come and see this, the lights eclipsed and completely disappeared as they moved to the east. it was as if the angle of the soup can tilted and the light was no longer facing me, then nothing. absolutely nothing. i was amazed at what i saw, and as an avid flight and astronomy buff, clearly this was very odd to me and my friends, although i viewed it a lot longer than they had. we still talk about it all these years later. later that afternoon we found out that in fact several people had sighted it and the radio station was getting a lot of calls, and the newspaper the following monday had wrote a small piece about it, saying there were some 1000-1500 reports about the same thing we saw, by people in the area. the reason i'm writing this years later, is , i recently watched a program on television on discovery channel, where they talk of people seeing triangular shaped objects in the southwestern part of the U.S. and they were saying it could be related to the stealth bomber, the B2. one guy even had some film footage of the lights and possibly the craft itself, whether it was terrestrial or not, the footage was at night and alot of the sightings were night time sightings. or it was suggested that it may have been a blimp of some sort, and most of these sightings were in the late eighties into the ninties and into 2000. what we seen was in the late summer in either 1980-1981 in the middle of the afternoon, on a clear day with not a cloud in the sky, with multiple witnesses, and i'm sure if someone did there homework, it wouldn't be hard to find the newspaper article about it in the archives in medicine hats library, as i'm sure they archived the newspapers back then.... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));49.9702607692308;-110.571008461539
