Slow flying, noiseless object with red strobes.;1983-08-01 01:30:00;15 mins;Slow flying, noiseless object with red strobes. This incident occured several years ago when I was 7 or 8 years old.  Since the incident I have been keenly interested in military technology and the UFO phenomenon. I have always sought an explaination as to what I observed but so far have been unsatisfied. I was staying up late with a younger child.  I believe it was a summer night about 1:30 or so in the morning.  I don't think we were supposed to be up but when you are that age and you have a friend over you sometimes want to stay up all night and play.  My bedroom window faced north just outside a highway and I was looking outside at the sky and hills when I noticed an airplane.  I would guess now that it was 5 miles out?  The airplane was rather odd however.  Instead of the alternating red/green wing strobes it had 2 red strobing lights evenly spaced that flashed slowly and simultaneously.  I became very interested because I had never seen an airplane at night that had lights like that.  I watched for a while and it seemed like the aircraft was floating in the air.  It was moving (north-south), but every airplane I had seen fly before would have passed over by then (I had been watching for maybe 5 mins.)  I wanted to know what kind of airplane it was!  I opened the window hoping to hear any engine noise.  Was it a jet or rotory craft?  as it came closer over the window, I turned off the light partly out of fear partly to cut the glare from the room light.  Fear.  I still couldn't make out the shape, just the lights.  I began to stop thinking it was an airplane.  I was very afraid but excited and curious at the same time.  The object was just overhead.  I cannot remember the silhouette.  But it must have been 200ft overhead just gliding over slowly lights blinking.  Absolutely no noise!  I could have ridden my bicycle faster than it was traveling.  My friend saw it too, but I don't remember his reaction.  As soon as it left my field if view (directly over the roof), I ran to my parent's bedroom.  I wanted an adult to see it!  They told me to go to bed.  I rushed out the front door I was no loger afraid, I wanted to see it closer.  At the rate of speed it was going it should have still been over the roof.  When I went outside the night was still and quiet and the object was gone. I have seen all kinds of airplaned since.  Blimps, ultralights have motors...  Other airplanes have engines that make much more noise.  I have seen a jet at night with only a single red strobe, but never two that flash slowly and simultaneously.  Now that I know more about aircraft, I realize that at that altitude and speed it should have stalled.  It couldn't have been going more than 15mph. I wish I had more visual details to report.  Many years have gone by and it was night.  The memory still strikes me.  I hope taht someday I will find a decent explaination but I am afraid I will never find one.  The impression after the incident was that it wasn't man made. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
I was visited by an unexplained anamoly in the middle of the morning.;1992-08-16 03:30:00;approximately 10 minutes ;I was visited by an unexplained anamoly in the middle of the morning. It happened about 9 years ago. I had a visitation from something right-out of my ceiling in my den. It was very hot earlier in the day and right up to bed time.I went to bed about 11:oopm. My head was facing south away from the den windows. What I remember happened exactly as it did 9 years ago (because I can't forget this moment). I found myself standing up looking out the windows of my den which faces  my neighbors house approximately 6 feet away. It was 3:30am. All I could see was a blinding white light but it was'nt making my eyes close. It just made me focus more intently.But when I asked myself why I was focusing so intently at this light just outside the window, my position changed. Suddenly I felt as if someone had picked me up with a giant hand and placed me on my back resting on the sofa.This was performed in one swift motion. I was now facing north.I was completely conscious and realized that this was'nt a dream. Then I noticed what appeared to be a person in a white suit, wearing welders goggles.Then focusing more clearly I noticed that these goggles were fluctuating and changing shape from thick band to narrow band.I noticed it had three long fingers on each hand. It gave me the impression that it was puzzled with me because of its hand movements kept jockeying back and forth resting on the window it had made out of my ceiling and back to its face and then leaning on its long hand.It had no nose or mouth or ears. Suddenly this stopped when I said,what the hell is that?It got shocked and leaped up suddenly surprised like it was discovered.It stretched its long arm out to close the window. This seemed odd to have a long arm, only because the window was'nt that big.The whole time I basically viewed a half a torso through this window. This has taken a long time to reconcile. when I tried to explain this through communication I have become intensely afraid of describing this, just as intensely afraid right after it happened.I called the F.B.I. not long after this happened but they tried to chalk it up to hallucinations or stress. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness describes self as working in the legal industry.  PD));38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
Low flying craft with 2 huge Lights/Portals near San Franscio, Ca;2001-05-06 21:30:00;6 to 10 seconds;Low flying craft with 2 huge Lights/Portals near San Franscio, Ca Well, I finally have had my first waking-conscious sighting, and am I excited about it! I saw it on Sunday evening (May 6th) at about 9:30!  I went outside as I do every night to check out the sky. I sat down and looked across the valley having a wide range of sky to view.....then, I looked straight up! That's when movement of something caught my eye slightly  toward the left (south) of me. 2 huge lights were moving south toward San Francisco away from me! I thought, Gee, I didn't know planes had tail lights like that! Gee, that plane is awfully low!  Hey! absolutely NO sound!    By now I am very interested!!!!!!  I tried so hard to make this a plane! Yet, no red or blue lights blinking, I couldn't make out the wings either! During the week I have watched the full moon change size as it rises. I would say the size of the moon at about 70 degrees-maybe 60 degrees- above its horizon, is the size of  each of the 2 lights/portals on this craft! That's pretty big!  (I was expecting portals to be about the size of cruise ships portals.) It was difficult to see the body of the craft as it seemed to match the sky. The moon was not up far enough to cast any light on it. I did have the impression the area of the lights was oval and I felt that the outer edges of the circular lights marked the outer edge of the craft. I felt the lights/portals were in the lower ½ of the height of the craft.. I could be wrong here...... I also had the impression that the height of it was long. And, above the light section the craft started to get narrow. Maybe my eye caught this, I don't know how I know this. The Height: Now, I am not good at judging heights in the dark, but I will do my best here. I am 700 feet up from the valley floor, oak trees in question are about 60ft. tall, and the branches reach out to about 45 feet. The area I viewed the craft in was: (with one eye shut)one hand from wrist to fingers plus the length of my another hand's fingers. The width of the craft where the portal area was: (with one eye shut)4 palm knuckles across. My guess is that the craft was 1000 feet above me, making the craft large. If the craft was up higher than that, this was a huge craft! Hard to tell for the lights were SO large. When I first went outside apparently the craft was going right over my head! When I noticed it, the craft bottom had already passed me. The brightness of the lights/portals dulled everything else about the craft as well as no moon shining on it. No light was emitted outward from these lights/portals, it was all internal lighting. I had no missing time. During the long 6 to 10 seconds of viewing it and afterward, I felt calm, happy. There was like a gentleness to the craft. What a treat this was for me!!;38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
This is the fourth time my family and I have seen this object within the last 12 months. The object was a brilliant orange color. The o;2002-11-18 22:00:00;10 minutes;This is the fourth time my family and I have seen this object within the last 12 months. The object was a brilliant orange color. The object was moving very slowly... slower than a plane. The object would move slowly from the southeast to the northwest. The object would occasionally hover and the intensity of the glowing orange would change from very bright to a very faint and very dim glow. After 10 minutes the object just winked out and it was not seen again.;38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
Light in the night sky following an airplane and then vanishing for no reason.  Cloudless night sky.;2009-03-28 21:45:00;30;Light in the night sky following an airplane and then vanishing for no reason.  Cloudless night sky. First I was watching a small aircraft with headlight and flashing tail beacon then I noticed another light some distance behind it traveling roughly the same direction, however this one had no flashing light.   I thought it might be another airplane and I watched it for about 20-30 second and then it vanished.   The sky had no cloud cover and I can think of no reason why this light/craft would vanish suddenly.   I notice the same type of event two nights ago in the same area of the sky - west of Santa Rosa and fairly close.;38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
White dot fast moving high altitude.;2011-06-15 11:20:00;7-10 seconds;White dot fast moving high altitude I was in the backyard having a cigarette and a low flying plane went over.  I was looking up at the plane and saw a white dot way above it.  It was too far away to see any detail, however it was moving very fast across the sky.   By the time i got my friends attention and he looked up it was past our vantage point.;38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
50 Photos of object with lights hovering over Santa Rosa, CA;2012-10-27 20:24:00;45 minutes;50 Photos of object with lights hovering over Santa Rosa, CA On Saturday evening of October 27, 2012, I took 50 photos of a fairly large object hovering above Santa Rosa, CA, from approx 8:30 to 9:15 pm.  I shot a total of 55 photos, but the first 5 showed nothing, leaving 50 clear and obvious photos of an object in the night sky.  The original 55 photos are still in my camera on the same disk, and I would be willing to share them with a knowledgeable expert or research organization.  One would need only to enlarge, as I did, the 50 photos that follow the first 5 blanks to see everything in detail, with no explanation needed.   I just recently discovered the NUFORC website and thank the proprietor for making it available. This object was above a rural area of ranches and vineyard properties, West of Santa Rosa’s developed suburban neighborhoods, where I live.  More specifically, it was one-half mile South of River Road, and less than one-quarter mile West of Fulton Road just below the intersection of Fulton and River Road on the Southwest side.  The sky was dark and completely clear with no clouds or wind. A private pilot also observed this object over Santa Rosa at about the same time, and posted it on the NUFORC the same day.  I refer to the pilot’s excellent report for my own comparison which I agree with, except the object was hovering, not traveling, when I observed and took pictures of it, and it was several miles South of Sonoma Co Airport.  The pilot describes a chevron shape which could have been, but the sky was too dark for me to determine.  From its lights alone, I estimate the object’s size would cover the width of a 6 lane freeway (3 lanes in each direction) if it were on the ground.   The object appeared to be about 500 feet above the ground as the pilot described. The craft was completely and totally silent as it hovered, which surprised me for something that large and that close.   It appeared to tilt gently from side to side (or front to rear) as it hovered and shifted its orientation, standing on end at times.  It made no fast or jerky movements. All of my photos show 2 to 4 lights which blinked slowly out of sequence and occasionally changed from red to white.   There was always one red light present that appeared to have a white-hot center which shows in the photos.   The lights reminded me of the slow blinking lights seen on the tall frame of a radio tower (if one of those huge towers was hovering in the sky, tilting from side to side). Along with those lights, some photos show lights that are turquoise and flesh-pink in color.  Toward the end of the photo sequence, portions of a tan colored, rough-surfaced body mass with no distinct shape can be seen in the dark areas between the lights.  Other photos show narrow rectangular window-like areas that the pilot also observed.  They appear to be lit with the cold kind of light produced by fluorescent tubes. Several photos show some interesting features I did not notice or simply could not see, notably patterns of radiation emitting from the craft.  Some have turquoise colored “Z” and ‘W” shaped patterns, and others look like the lightning from a Tesla globe.   I learned that this could possibly be ‘plasma” radiation, which is an advanced system that replaces metallic structures (such as antennas) with energy that can be shaped and directed as needed.   I also learned that some UFO’s can be “shape shifters,” making them difficult to describe. I took my photos from two areas and made a point to steady the camera against a sturdy surface, first a lamp pole and later a fence post.  The first set was taken on Barnes Rd near where I live, 1.5 miles East of the object, and the second set was taken on Fulton Rd, no more than a football field’s distance from the object as I looked up at an angle.  Here, I got as close as I could without going through ¬¬gates and trespassing on private property.  This is where I noticed it made absolutely no sound as it hovered. In some of the photos here, the lights of a distant ranch house can be seen on the ground below the object, which serves as a reference that made it easy to locate when I went back the following day.  I thought about showing the residents of that house a photo of the object that was above them on October 27th, but decided against it. The sighting began when my wife and I noticed from our backyard while it was still light, what we thought at first glance was a low hovering blimp approx 2 miles West of our house.  About 20 minutes later, we noticed it was still there and larger than we thought, with no “blimp” structure of any kind over what looked like a frame of lights hovering in the sky.  That was when I grabbed my camera and drove to the first location to take photos.   Later when I drove home and looked West from my backyard, the object was no longer there. My wife and I have lived for 25 years in the house we own here in Santa Rosa, and have worked for as many years in occupations that require professional licenses from the State of California.  This is the first time in either of our lives that we have seen anything that could possibly be considered a UFO.;38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
Silent object without lights nor sound was passing slowly above houses in my neighborhood at night;2017-04-20 00:00:00;10 seconds;Silent object without lights nor sound was passing slowly above houses in my neighborhood at night It was about 22 o'clock, Thursday.  No rain.  Clear sky. 49 yo female.  I was walking with my dog.  I don't image things.  If I see, I say it.  The sky was full of stars.   Then, I see something is moving high enough for birds, too low for a plane.  Almost invisible, the same color as a sky, looks like triangle, or bird with wings opened widely, but the size was too big for a big bird.   I  noticed, stars in the sky were missing when that object was passing them.  Was an object!  It was slowly, quietly, without lights, moving above houses to North.  This happened in Santa Rosa neighborhood, close to little park, near to freeway 101.   After it disappeared, I realized, that I had a flash light, and didn't use it. When I came back home, and stepped out to my backyard, I saw helicopters. I don’t use drugs, and I don’t drink neither.;38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
Groups of unknown objects flying over silently then disperse;2018-05-15 23:30:00;5 minutes;Groups of unknown objects flying over silently then disperse Often in the night sky I see craft. I grew up in SoCalifornia having grown up in the aerospace industry near plant 42.  Point being, I always thought I had a grasp on airplane tech.  Here I often see crafts in groups/ silent or close to it.  The lights at times seem blinding though I’m very sensitive to light but I don’t have this reaction to airplanes.?  Recently after the Northern California fires and loosing my house I live further out in a more rural area away from lights.  So I see more. Approximately 1 month ago I saw many crafts seeming to be doing some operation, as if on a mission.  They were flying too close to one another to be planes at least I thought. They were in small groups totaling perhaps 11.  Flew over and dispersed and were all over making it difficult to distinguish between the stars and planets, as they spread out.. I feel that I can find them nightly though perhaps they are just testing  I’m listening to your old reports with Art Bell now which is great. An honor to send you this report. Thank you for your hard work.  I am an audio engineer, work in post production for film.;38.4474667647059;-122.722105882353
