Blinding white light over my pickup then suddenly I'm outside of my truck looking in an empty sky.;1978-06-01 00:30:00;15 seconds;Blinding white light over my pickup then suddenly I'm outside of my truck looking in an empty sky. I was driving home from a friends house in my pickup traveling North on FM1652 in Grand Saline, TX, when a bright white light shown down over my truck.  It was so bright that I couldn't see beyond where the light was shining approximately 30 to 40 feet in front of my pickup.  I pulled over and stopped and tried to see if I could see what it was shining down on my truck by leaning forward and looking up toward the light.  There was no sound associated with the light either.   As I start to look up, suddenly I'm outside of my truck on the drivers side leaning forward on the bed, holding the top portion of the fleet side bed, and looking up into a clear starry night.  There was nothing in sight.  I looked toward the cab of my truck and the drivers side door was open, the motor was off and the park lights were on.  I never stopped the motor or turned the lights off that I know of.  I told this to no one for many years fearing being labeled as crazy.   The people I did tell of this are ones that first told me of experiencing sightings of unknown origins or something similar.  I've tried to dismiss this by researching what it might have been.  Most recently, was seeing the meteor that flew over Russia and how bright it made the sky.  However, the light I saw was from a fixed position and came on like someone flipped a switch.  I've thought “Police Helicopter”, but there are none in that rural area, there was no sound, and it still doesn't account for my lapse of time from being in my truck to being outside.   I've struggled with this phenomena from that moment on wondering what it was and have yet to discover any information that could make sense of this event.  I sincerely hope you contact me with some resources that may help me unravel this mystery.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));32.6652;-95.7048
