Dozens of pink and white orbs and a morphing triangle in the Arizona sky;2012-03-23 12:00:00;5 hours;Dozens of pink and white orbs and a morphing triangle in the Arizona sky This afternoon about 12 pm (daytime) I noticed an airplane flying overhead moving to the west, and happened to look up. Beneath the aircraft and to the right of it, below it, I witnessed an egg shaped orb hovering about mid-sky.  I went inside to retrieve my binoculars (10x50 5.5 degrees H-15) and I could plainly see two orbs.  One was black and the other was pink or salmon pink in color. The distance was est. 5 miles down range approx.. acute 45 degrees and maintaining position in mid heaven as we faced West. The black orb suddenly dropped near the ground, rose up and then moved rapidly out of view.  The pink orb or egg shaped ball remained in place.  I gave the binoculars to my wife and she watched for about a minute before the pink orb moved rapidly to the lower left of the lens view, and then wisped very quickly to the right of view (northward) and disappeared out of view over the horizon.  Moments later we both saw no less than five objects that appeared to ! be round balls of light.  These balls of light began making erratic movements apparently with no intention.  Several other translucent objects appeared during this time and had the appearance of round luminous plasma, were pinkish in color, and each one had a notch at one end of them.  They looked like a pie with a piece missing.  At times the larger objects would turn facing us and were at least as large as a quarter or a fifty cent piece by binocular view.  Very plain to see. During this time, there appeared to be a meteor storm (streaks in the sky, a sort of white vapor) except for the fact that the streaks moved or skipped vertically in the sky and seemed to defy physics.  After several hours of watching these orbs of light or saucers, moving all over the sky in different directions and formations, and at varied speeds, at about 1:50 pm. what looked like a plasma orb, translucent and pink in color,floating at high altitude and changing shape, began moving toward our house very slowly at about mid sky. Upon reaching a point about a mile(?) downrange and hovering at about 80 degrees overhead, the object suddenly accelerated and flew directly over our neighborhood at what looked to be about 2,000 feet up. Within 5 minutes we heard the sound of F-14's from the local air base firing up. Moments later Four F-14's took off in the same northward direction as the craft had. The events may not be related, but it did add a lot of suspense to the situation.  Observed this at about 3 pm An object, triangular in shape, inverting itself. Looked like red lava in the middle encased by pink triangle, pulsating. Moved slowly to the east, just overhead , then vanished.  After five hours of watching these objects they eventually thinned out to just two or three random sightings, and then just stopped showing up altogether at about 5 pm. This total display lasted 5 hours, from 12 pm. until 5 pm. We heard no sounds associated to these objects and did not meet any aliens, nor do i personally know any aliens.  This accounting is absolute truth as best as I can describe or understand it.;33.6506157480315;-112.23194015748
