A huge flat metal one dimensional object with red and white lights flew over my house!;2018-10-19 07:30:00;30 seconds;A huge flat metal one dimensional object with red and white lights flew over my house! I was in my kitchen on Friday Oct. 19, 2018, at 7:30 am and heard a loud sound.  I knew it was not the sound of the constant semis and traffic that speed by my house.  It was similar to a jet, but I knew if it was it was flying way too low.  I opened the window to lean out because it was coming from the north and could tell it was coming over my house.  I was shocked and confused at what I saw!!  It was some sort of large craft.  It was a flat dark silver metal rectangle shaped object with red lights at each corner and in the middle of both long sides.  There were 2 white lights on each long side between the red ones.  I don't believe they were flashing.  It seemed to be about the size of a jet, but most certainly was not a jet.  It didn't even look real!  It looked like just a flat piece of metal!  It was flying real low like the height a small airplane is when it is spraying a field but much slower.  I watched it fly over and it got lower and lower.  As it went over the trees to the south, I was sure it was going to crash because of the downward angle it was flying.  I remembered thinking that if it crashed it would be in the field south of town but then it was silent.  The whole thing only lasted about 30 seconds.  My phone was in the other room and I knew I did not have time for that.  About 15 minutes later my neighbor pulled out in his semi and as I watched him drive by I noticed what I saw in the sky kinda looked like the side of his semi.  That shape and size but smooth and one dimensional.  It was the weirdest thing I have ever seen!!  I tried to ask a couple people later if they had seen anything but when they asked me what I had seen it all seemed so ridiculous to put into words so I gave up.   I am a 56 year old female.  I own a small flower shop that I have operated for 25 years in a small town of 800 people.  My family has owned farm land here for over 130 years.  This is not the first time I have seen something in the sky.  Around 6pm on December 3rd, 2017, as I was broke down in an alley in Elk Horn, Iowa, and waiting for a tow truck, I watched a big round bright orange orb slowly and silently float low over me and the town from the west to the east!  Again I was alone.  It was a cold clear silent night and was a beautiful thing to see!  It lasted for probably 10 minutes.;41.5743;-94.8585
