Bluish-white basketball-sized light over Mississippi River and land close to Effigy Mounds natioal monument;2006-07-14 23:30:00;2 nights;Bluish-white basketball-sized light over Mississippi River and land close to Effigy Mounds natioal monument Blue basketball-sized light over Mississippi River and land.  I was at my grandparent’s trailer cabin for the weekend with my parents. (About 4 miles south of Harpers Ferry IA and a few miles north of Effigy Mounds Natioal Monument). I went out to the porch outside to talk on my cell phone. At the time it was about 10 P.M. and I was facing eastward toward the Mississippi River. While talking on the phone, noticed a light near the cabin directly to the right of me. I saw it with the corner of my eye it caught my attention enough so I turn my head to look. I then saw nothing I figured that it was just an individual with a flashlight. I continued talking on the phone like nothing had occurred. At about 10:30ish, a half hour later, I am still talking on the phone when I noticed a light again with the right corner of my eye. This time around when I turned to look, I saw a bluish-white light about the size of a basketball or a large flashlight. It was about 2 feet off the ground and moved to the right side of the cabin out of my sight. At this time I figured for sure that it was someone with a flashlight but there was no noise of gravel from footsteps or sounds of any kind during or after, just the sounds of insects and other bugs. An hour later I was done talking on the phone but was eating a snack on the porch, mainly looking at the night’s sky. No manmade lights to distract from the star light, a great night to stargaze. I was getting done with my snack and was cold so I was about to head inside for the night when the main event occurred! I saw the same bluish-white light across the Mississippi River at a small island a few hundred yards away. It was moving in a straight line southward a few feet off the ground. It was moving about as fast as a car and that’s what I first thought it was till I realized that no roads existed on the small island. It stopped immediately then came back northward on the same trajectory. During this time I was thinking it was an ATV or some other motorized vehicle of that sort. It made no noise and did not change shape or brightness. It moved over the River and moved westward toward my direction (I am sitting at about 150 yards away) and then moved southward down river at the same speed and same height above surface. I then knew this was a UFO of some sort and it seemed to be flying over the surface in a grid like formation. I was no longer sitting in the porch chair and was now standing scared. I said to myself if this thing gets any closer, I was going to run inside. It then moved northward aging still flying at the same lined trajectory and stopped, it came toward my direction even closer. I ran inside as fast as I could not a look back and hid in the cabin trailer of my grandparents. The following night at about 11pm Saturday, I went outside on the porch with my mother. As soon as we got outside she was the one who pointed out and asked me about an object that was hovering a few feet off the waters surface. I looked at the object and it was the same bluish-white basketball sized object! It was flying downstream on the Mississippi River and we stood watching it till it was out of sight.  As of 3/27/2008, I have not seen it again or anything else like it.;43.171;-91.2192
