slow moving row of 3 or 4 red window like lights following our road, above the telephone lines after dusk;1996-09-15 22:00:00;2 min;slow moving row of 3 or 4 red window like lights following our road, above the telephone lines after dusk It was late summer, Sept or Oct I think, several years ago.  My husband and I were driving down our road when we saw something we thought was a low flying helicopter slowly following our road coming toward us.  It was above the telephone lines. It had 3 to 4 red lights like windows on the aircraft.  We stopped to watch it.  As it came closer, we realized it was nothing we could understand. The red lites moved slowly.  As one window on the back went off, another on in the front turned on. It was a slow methodical movement.  One turns off and another turns on in the front.  As if it were moving one lite at a time.  We were unable to discern a shape, only the red window like lites.  This continued until it was right next to us.  I had opened the window to see more clearly.  I even turned off the car.  There was no noise.  As we watched it almost seemed to stop and recognize that we were there and in an instant, noiselessly, shot up and away, out of site.  It was a clear nite after dark.   We were amazed and described to each other what we had seen.  We both did see the same thing. I tried to call a couple of airports, they said they didn’t know of anything that was going on.  We are an hour or so from Ft. Drum Army base, home of the 10th Mountain Division, so I thought maybe it was some stealth secret.  They told me to call some National Aeronautics organization or similar.  So I did.  They thanked me for my call and someone would get back to me in 6 to 8 weeks.  Sure.  They never did. I guess they have stories like this all the time.   I have never believed in UFO’s.  This experience I will never forget.  I wished I had written down the date.  I didn’t think there was anything else I could have done. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting in 1996 is approximate.  PD));44.7688;-75.1436
