Single white light seen moving over Monroe, then out into space;2011-06-01 03:00:00;About a minute or two;Single white light seen moving over Monroe, then out into space Between 3 and 4 am, we saw one bright white light moving on a steady path across the sky.  My friend and I were off North Custer Rd in Monroe.  We were able to see it for a minute or two. It looked like a big white light, and it didn't flash or anything, just stayed lit the whole time, moved across the sky and went further and further out into space until we couldn't see it anymore. We did see an airplane that had gone over as well, but in the opposite direction of the light.  The white light was definitely much brighter than the lights on the airplane.  It had a small white aura around it coming from the light.  It was either round or slightly oval, but was very high up for us to be certain of the shape.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Weird light above the fields on M-50 again!  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Jupiter and Venus??  PD));2012-02-16 20:00:00;Less than 2 hours;Weird light above the fields on M-50 again! I live on M-50 and I've been seeing weird lights outside on clear nights. Tonight is another clear night, and there was the same bright white light I've seen before, just hovering over M-50 and the fields. It seemed to have a bit of an aura around the light this time.  It was hovering the air for a while, I would say between 8:00 and 10:00 pm.  I saw a LOT of other aircraft flying by it. I lost count of how many airplanes I saw coming through the sky and flying near this hovering object.  There were also other white lights blinking around it in the sky.  The planes were higher up than the object, but flying all around it, so that means this ufo was much closer to earth.  I think there might have been a few helicopters. I got my binoculars out in an attempt to get a closer look. It was still hard to see the shape of the object because of the light, but it almost looked like it was flying saucer shaped! But like I said, I am not absolutely certain of the shape. Any! way, I had my mom come out and look at it, so she saw it too. I went inside and then came back out a little later. The light had moved further away, and instead of being white, it had change to a red/orange color. I used my binoculars again, and watched it move further away. It got far enough to where I could no longer see it with my own eyes, only with the binoculars, and then eventually completely disappeared from my sight. With the amount of airplanes and helicopters I saw moving around this thing, I am convinced that others are looking into this. I did see one car pull off the road, and I saw some other cars slowing down, so I want to assume that other people are seeing this.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Jupiter and Venus??  PD));41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Weird spinning light UFO above the fields between Monroe and Ida (yet again).  ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet??  PD));2012-02-27 01:00:00;about 2 hours;Weird spinning light UFO above the fields between Monroe and Ida (yet again) I think the time I saw this was sometime between midnight and 1:00 am, but it was out there until well after 2 am.  This is the same light I've seen out there before, yet again, above the fields along M-50, between Monroe and Ida. I am still not sure what the shape is, I tend to think it is either a disc or saucer shape, but it is hard to make out.  The colors of the lights are white, red and a greenish or green/blue color that seem to be flashing and spinning on the object.  I watched it above the field across from my house for a while.   Also, I did hear some sounds this time, but I don't know if they are related to the UFO.  The sounds were coming from the field, and they were like weird, loud chirping and squeaking sounds, but not like any animal I've heard out there.  Maybe we have some loud birds out there that I don't know about.  Don't know!  Well, the sounds kinda scared me, so I went inside and then came back out later to check, and the UFO had moved to my ! side of the road, but was further down.  At that point, it was hovering between M-50 and Dixon Rd. I have seen this thing out here so many times lately that I now go outside every night to see if it is there. ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet??  PD));41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Light flying in from above, descending, hovering;2012-03-18 01:00:00;an hour;Light flying in from above, descending, hovering I finally made some headway and got to see it fly in. I've been seeing these weird lights at night lately, and I've posted about them here before.  I would like to clarify that it is neither a planet, nor a star because I actually saw it fly in.  A green light flew down from above, and descended, moving around from side to side momentarily as if it was looking for where to stop, and then it stopped and just hovered in a location northeast of me.   I am on M-50, the ufo looks like it is up past North Custer road.  Looking through the binoculars on a night that is becoming progressively more foggy, it is hard to see anything other than a green circular light.  It has moved up a little bit from where it was before, but it is out there as I type this.  I probably wont stay up all night watching it but it's been out there for a little over an hour.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Flashing light ufos around River Raisin area;2012-04-18 23:00:00;3 hours;Flashing light ufos around River Raisin area This sighting was actually from approx. 11 pm on 4/18 through 4/19 because the ufos were out there for over 3 hours, til after 2 am.  I went out last night a little before 11 pm and saw one flashing light across the river, near the tree line.  It was hovering and moving slowly, staying basically in the same general area but would move slightly up or down. I went outside again around midnight and a second light was out there, across the river, just above the tree line. I watched it for a few minutes and suddenly it disappeared.  I was looking and wondering where it went, then suddenly it reappeared but was blinking, and it moved to my side of the river.  Then it disappeared again. I went inside and told my mom.  We looked out her bedroom window and it was there again.  We watched it for a few minutes and saw that it was moving slowly, like the other one. I went upstairs to my bedroom, where I could still see it out my window, and checked periodically.  At one point,! the ufo moved again. When it moves, the light blinks. It flew up to the sky and I couldn't see it anymore for a few minutes.  But then it came back again!  Another flashy light appeared above M-50 that I hadn't noticed before.  At one point I saw an airplane come up and fly right by the ufo above the river.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
At least 17 reddish-orange lights ascending into the night sky over Monroe, Michigan 8/16/13;2013-08-16 22:15:00;15 minutes;At least 17 reddish-orange lights ascending into the night sky over Monroe, Michigan 8/16/13 On the evening of Friday, August 16, 2013 my husband and I were passengers in a car being driven by our 21-year-old son.  We were northbound on Telegraph Road through Monroe County in Michigan.   At approximately 10:15 PM my husband, seated in the passenger front seat, suddenly pointed out the front side window and said something like, “Look at those lights over there!”  He pointed to the eastern sky, which was dark but clear of cloud cover.  We were somewhere between Albain and Dunbar Roads, in an area that has fields, low buildings and some trees.   I looked out my back seat window in the direction to which my husband was pointing and I saw 2 reddish-orange lights in the sky, not too far above the level of the low buildings & trees.  They were some distance from our vehicle, possibly a mile or more.  The precise distance is hard to determine, but we did not have the sense that they were close to us or upon us in any way. The 2 lights were positioned one above the other with some amount of space between them.  They both seemed to be moving upward rather slowly.  My husband and I agreed that the lights did not appear to be planes or helicopters because they did not have any obvious navigation lights on them and they were ascending into the sky, not flying in a straight line as a plane or a helicopter would do at the altitude at which they appeared to be located.  They were brighter than ordinary stars.  They were brighter than the planet Venus which we have observed many times in the evening sky in our area.  They were not white.  Their color was a reddish-orange and they glowed like stars, but did not “twinkle” or shimmer. Because we were fascinated with the lights, we kept watching them as we continued northbound. Suddenly we saw a number of other lights appear beneath the 2 original topmost lights.  There were now about 6 or 7 lights in total.  They all looked exactly the same in color and size and they all appeared to be ascending into the sky in a fairly (yet not quite exactly) straight line.  We exclaimed to each other something like, “Where did those new lights just come from?!”   We should have told our son to pull over and stop the vehicle, but we did not.  He kept driving, and we were still able to see the lights as the entire line kept ascending higher into the sky.  Then, more lights appeared!  The newly visible lights were clustered at the bottom of the original line of lights.  They also were in lines, but in lines of their own, like the leaves growing up from the base of the stem of a flower.  My husband counted at least 17 lights in totality in the entire formation.  All had the ! exact same color and luminosity.  We agreed that we had never seen anything like this before in our lives.  We are each 58 years old.  We are retired school teachers.  Our son, a college student home on summer break, also saw the lights but could only glance over his shoulder as he drove, so his account is more limited than ours.  He did say, however, that he saw many orange lights and they appeared to him to be assembled into some sort of a geometric (box-like) formation.  His perspective from the drivers’ seat was, of course, slightly different from ours in the front and back passenger seats. When we got past 7th Street in Monroe, our view became more obstructed from buildings and street lamps, etc.  We asked our son to drive to Veterans Park in Monroe, which is adjacent to Telegraph Rd., just to its west.  He did so, and we parked there to continue to watch the lights.  Only 2 lights were then visible.  We watched as they both disappeared.  They did not appear to “fly away” but seemed to “go out” light a light being switched off.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Orange/Yellow lights over SE Michigan.;2014-07-04 22:30:00;3-5 minutes;Orange /Yellow lights over SE Michigan 40 miles south of Detroit. was photographing fireworks to the west of my location when a orange light I took for another rocket arched up from the horizon.  When it reached the altitude that it would have exploded at it did no do so.  As I observed it progressed from W NW to SE, at about a 60 - 70 deg. angle from my vantage point, across the southern sky.  When it reached a point approx. half-way between the western and eastern skies it turned due south and at which point I was viewing it from the rear,and continued on until it faded from view.  The speed at which it covered the distance from the western horizon to the point of its turning south was about 40 seconds, which is why I thought it was perhaps a military jet on afterburner.  However, that seemed odd as there was no sound, even after it had made the turn to the south.  The other odd part was that a jet, which I assume had taken of from Detroit Metro, was heading south and made a slight heading alteration to the southwest so as to not cross the flight path of the object I was viewing.  I DID hear the sound from the passenger jet, though it was faint. I would guess the altitude of the passenger jet at about 20,000 ft +/-, and that of the object to be quite a bit higher, maybe 30,000-35,000 ft.  I did get photos of the object, but they show only an orange / yellow light. As this was coming to an end and I was thinking I had just seen some type of military aircraft, I was turning my attention back to the fireworks when to my amazement two more of the exact type of lights rose up from the western horizon, one directs behind the other, though separated by what I would estimate to be one to two miles, though in a straight line.  I took several photos of these two objects, though they are not very detailed beyond showing orange/yellow lights, one trailing behind the other.  Again, these two objects traveled from W NW to SE, at the same angle in the sky from my vantage point, and upon reaching the same mid-way point turned due south, and continued until out of range for me to see.  I thought perhaps they were military aircraft that had taken part in some type of July 4th event, and were heading to the air national guard base in Toledo.  However, as I am in the flight path for planes leaving Detroit Metro, and can watch the aircraft in-bo! und to Metro cross from West to NE along the western horizon from my property, I'm familiar with the headings aircraft generally take / use, either in-bound to Metro, or out-bound from Metro, as well as those heading from other points toward Toledo Express airport west of Toledo Ohio, about 30 miles to the Southwest.  These objects did not use any flight path I've ever seen other aircraft take, nor did they appear to be on any heading I've ever seen other aircraft that over-fly Monroe take.  Again, COMPLETE silence as these lights passed over head. As I watched the other two fade from sight, I turned back to the west to see if any more were forthcoming.  As I did so a neighbor to the east put off a couple of fireworks which caught my attention.  As I turned to watch the treeline to the east I noticed a fourth orange light traversing from the north to the south, within 25 deg. of being directly over-head, again, moving at high speed, as a jet on afterburner would, minus the noise.  It made a slight course correction and proceeded to the same point the others had, and continued on until it faded from sight. After that, nothing.  I've been doing photography since I was sixteen, I've photographed the craters on the moon, planes and stars at night, and just about everything else I can photograph.  I've studied just about every plane type, and researched ufos enough to know that the vast majority are man made aircraft of one type or another, be they experimental, military, drones, satellites, etc.   What I saw last night were not space aliens.  They were man made craft, of that I am certain.  But, what type, I don't know.  They were very fast and used some type of dampening system to mask the engine sound on afterburner.   Where they were going in such a hurry and the fact that obviously other people have been seeing the same type of aircraft in this region and along the upper mid-west over the past couple of weeks is also interesting.   The other thing is the fact that the passenger jet altered its heading so as not to intersect that of the first object I saw.   That al! so tells me these objects were most likely some sort of military craft. my question would be, why all this activity in this region ?;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
I saw a light moving in fast then i turned and it moved in near and slowed a bit but still very fast.;2015-04-28 23:30:00;1 minute;I have seen UFOS over lake erie my whole life, some times multiple times.  I walk to work on North Monroe St every night.  The skys were strange last night and i felt as if i was being watched.  I was in the army for 8 years and never miss a beat.  Over my appartment house and walking on the street to work i saw a light moving in fast then i turned and it moved in near and slowed a bit but still very fast, then zipped of into the night sky.  I also garantee if anyone goes over lake erie in July and aug from 9-12 midnight I garantee you will see UFOs. It happens every year.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
