triangles and balls of light appeared in monroe MI 3 carloads of whitnesses the were by the power plants and the cory's;2003-01-27 03:00:00;about 2 hours;triangles and balls of light appeared in monroe MI 3 carloads of whitnesses the were by the power plants and the cory's me and my old roomate were driving home at about three AM and we saw in the air near his house what we thought was a hellicopter. it was flashing red and blue so we thought it might have been the poliece. it was hovering. so we drive towards it and as we get almost under it we are like that no hellicopter. it was a triangle and as we said this it starts moving west. really fast. so we chase after it. we lived in a prewtty seclududed area so we had no problem speeding. so this craft goes west about 2 miles than makes a sharp turn north. so we turn as well. aas he is driving i am looking at the sky and i saw what i can describe as the stars were moving cause there were a bunch of lights way up in the sky that were just white than they started moving and comming closer. and im telling my friend this and at that time this first cradft took off out of sight. so he stops and we are looking up from outside the car and a big triangle comes silently over us just above tree level and makes its way towards some houses and shines a beam of light on the houses. and as we are standing there we see in the distance more craft AND balls of light doing figure eights and pulsing different colors (green blue red and white)the balls of light are what really impressed me. its been about an hour already of driving and looking at these things so we get back in the car and we are heared twords the coury and we notice other cars following these craft in the same northerly direction we are going. so there are 3 cars total that all seen these things we went back to his house and saw more balls of light and a 2 more craft hovering. we saw more over the next couple days. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Two strange crafts seen above the river, both had three lights in triangle formation;2012-03-26 00:20:00;approx 20 minutes;Two strange crafts seen above the river, both had three lights in triangle formation I went outside to smoke shortly after midnight, and my boyfriend pulled up into the driveway. He got out of his car and asked me did you see that? I had just gotten outside so I asked him what he was talking about and he said he saw a bright flash of light shoot down from the sky like a comet. I then noticed a bright orange light above the River Raisin. I ran and got my binoculars and we hurried to the backyard. I live on the riverfront, and the light was west of us. It was flying very low, approximately at the tree line. We could see the light reflecting on the river as well. It began coming closer, in our direction. As it got closer, we could see on the front of the craft, it had 3 square or rectangle shaped lights, in a triangle formation. The lights appeared to be white as it came closer to us. It got really close before it moved behind the tree line across the river from us and disappeared behind the trees. Another craft just like it was approaching f! rom the east, also above the river. It did the same thing as the other one- moved across the river and behind the trees. At that point we could see the light behind the trees and they were flying very low. They both disappeared and we didn't know where they went after that.  I am unsure of the shape of the crafts. All we could really tell was that the lights were in a triangle formation with two on the bottom and one light above. But we couldn't really see what the shape of the whole thing looked like. I just know that when we first saw them, they just looked like orange lights, but as they came closer, the lights were white.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Orange lights flying low over the river in Monroe Michigan;2012-03-26 00:20:00;20 minutes;Orange lights flying low over the river in Monroe Michigan I saw a bright light come down from the sky that looked like a shooting star but it was heading in a downward direction.  It had a tail with a few little lights behind it.   The light went away when it reached near the horizon, a few minutes later a low, slow flying orange light could be seen upstream (west) on the river i was near.   Looking through a pair of binoculars, I could see three lights in a triangle formation.  The triangle wasn't perfect, the top light was a bit more towards the right, which was also the direction it seemed to be heading.  The light was so bright at some points, it could be seen reflecting on the river.   It slowly traveled east over some farmland, and disappeared from my view behind trees.   I continued to observe the sky and saw a similar if not the same object in the eastern sky heading west.  Again it was flying low and slow over fields and disappeared from my sight behind the same grouping of trees.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
Upright triangular type craft with something flying into it, over river and fields in Monroe.;2012-04-27 03:30:00;approx 5 min;Upright triangular type craft with something flying into it, over river and fields in Monroe. I was outside having a smoke at about 3:15 or 3:30 am.  Something red and low flying appeared over the river I live on.  At first it looked like maybe a glowing orb.  It started out as a dark red and then it became a brighter red.  It went up over the river and proceeded to fly over M-50 and then over the fields.  The shape seemed to change from what looked like an orb to more of a triangle, but it was upright. So not flying on the wind, but against the wind.  It was still flying low, and it changed from red to more of a bright gold.  Then, something white shot out of the sky at the triangle. It looked like it entered the upright triangle craft.  The triangle was sizeable, not sure how big, but it looked bigger than a helicopter.  As it ascended into the sky, it was followed by a loud, low rumbling sound.  I put down that there were two crafts because of the one main upright triangle, and the white thing that shot into it.  The white thing looked like a tail as it flew! in.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
