Weird light above the fields in Ida, a takeoff and possible landing;2012-02-09 02:00:00;Between 2:00 and 4:00 AM;Weird light above the fields in Ida, a takeoff and possible landing I live on M-50 in Monroe, close to Ida, MI.  I went outside to have a cigarette and I noticed a weird light above the fields across the road from my house, in the direction of Ida.  It looked like it was hovering and moving around slightly.  It seemed to be flashing a few different colors of light. live on M-50 in Monroe, close to Ida, MI.  I went outside to have a cigarette and I noticed a weird light above the fields across the road from my house, in the direction of Ida.  It looked like it was hovering and moving around slightly.  It seemed to be flashing a few different colors of light. The main color was white but it was also flashing red and blue or green.  I couldn't tell if those colors were part of the white light or if they were separate lights.  The lights seemed to move around the white.  I attempted to take photos but my camera was acting wonky.  It kept changing the settings, and I kept trying to take pictures, but no matter what I did, it wasn't showing up on the pictures. I went inside, and then went back about 15 minutes later and I didn't see the light in the sky anymore, but I saw something lower on the fields.  Being very intrigued, I decided to get in the car and head out to Ida and see if there was anything.  On my way down M-50, I saw a very bright light, then it disappeared.  Then I saw a light take off from where Dunbar road is.  I don't know if that was the same light I saw above M-50, or if it was separate. Kept driving until I got to Ida, and didn't see anything, so I turned back.  Then, on my way down Ida-Maybee road, I looked at the fields, and suddenly saw what I think was a landing.   I stopped the car and pulled over to look for a minute.  Yeah it's probably a dumb idea but I really wanted to see! I saw 3 big square white lights right ON the field flashing one after another.  They looked like they were attached to some kind of object, but since it was dark, I couldn't tell the shape of it.  I watched it for maybe a minute until I heard some weird sound that I can't even describe coming through the radio in my car.  It was definitely not a human.  It was like a really weird voice saying something in another language.  This scared the crap out of me me, so I got the out of there. I must admit I have seen similar a similar light before, above those fields, multiple times.  There also are a couple of other people I know who have seen things like this before.  But I have never actually seen anything touch the ground before, so this was way more than I expected. I'm so confused.;41.9109830860532;-83.468272997033
