spoked wheel flies in front of the moon;1991-08-01 02:00:00;2 minutes;spoked wheel flies in front of the moon My brother and I were sitting on the back porch.  We observed a cluster of lights moving across the sky.  It became apparent that this light formation was not a regular aircraft as it approached us because 1. it made no sound, and 2. the lights were arrayed in a circular pattern.  There was a full moon that night, and as chance would have it, this object passed directly in front of the moon in relation to our line of sight.  Because of this, my brother and I both were able to observe the silhouette of a circular object with what appeared to be 2 spokes, in a cross pattern, connecting its opposite sides. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.2434;-95.911
I saw a craft in the sky that moved unlike all planes we see today!;1995-06-20 09:30:00;5 min.;I saw a craft in the sky that moved unlike all planes we see today! I have waited a long time before i reported this because i have been traumatized ever since...I don't remember the exact year..but around that time i was learning to drive at a local driving school they had at the time..(now that driving school isn't in service)...but at that time there was alot of stuff in the news about how Saturn was close to the Earth at that time ..and u can see it at night..as it looked like a big star in the sky.. Anyhow, i was comming home with 3 people (one was my driving instructer) another was a guy learning how to drive with me.  We all saw it..and that's how i know i am not crazy in writing this to you. We saw it decend slowly down from a star..and then take a slant upward to the right...as we were going home from Sulpher Springs toward Commerce, Tx...(we had passed the point of the railroad tracks on the way home before the event occured) .. As it took the slant upward..it appeard to increase in speed and disappear for a short 1 or 2 seconds and then reappear at a higher altitude. then it went across the sky following the same length of the road we were on...and i fear that even though it was high up in the air...that we can only see it as a dot of light (redish,whitish, and bluish...i don't know if the colors were rotating or what but it appeared to show those colors ) I felt that it (the craft ) had taken pictures of us ..or at least knows that we viewed it. I believe that it isn't an alien ship..but rather some govt. intelligence work..they are using new types of crafts and testing their use.. The other observers noticed the craft with me ..and were in shock ..just like me..we sat still as the whole event occured. Part of me is afraid to this very day..and part of me wants to be a part of it..if there is a way for me to work on one of those .that would be the highlight of my life! Anyhow..I didn't see any green men ..or anything silly..but I know that it was some sort of new craft..that it wasn't a natural phenomon ... And i do believe that they made a mistake by accidently showing me the ufo..because now..and for the rest of my life ..i am going to always wonder ..and try to figure out what happened on that night. PS. In our town we have also felt the effects of these ufo's My mother was going into our house late at night and she said that the cars lights and all the lights of our street went out for a few seconds.. I witnessed the lights go out in our house at that moment.. I gather that if it was just the electricity on the city's line then just the houses would experience this..however because the car also had effects..i believe these crafts have some sort of magnetic properites that interfere with our electrical devices. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.2434;-95.911
