I saw an orange orb frozen in place in the sky, until some planes began to head towards it!;2017-06-07 22:47:00;~15-25 minutes;I saw an orange orb Frozen in place in the sky, until some planes began to head towards it! Okay, so, I was in my room (which is located on the second floor of my house) watching a UFO documentary on YouTube via my PS4, when outside of my window I saw an orange orb just still, not moving.  I was watching a UFO documentary because, back in May, I had creepy dreams about being abducted by ufos and kept waking up to my window glowing Green light, and feeling a sense of sleep paralysis.  My window would also sometimes containing a bunch of computerized 0s and 1s, so I was doing my own version of research haha.   At first I  got nervous, and tried to use deduction to figure out whether it was simply a plane, a rocket, a weather balloon, or something unidentified, but then it began to act strange.  It stayed still for a good amount of minutes, which I couldn't make sense of, but took the opportunity to take a picture anyways with my phone (my hands shook out of nervousness so it came out looking odd instead of orb shaped).   All of a sudden though I saw some blinking planes (I assume they were planes) heading towards it, about two of them at first, and the orange orb started moving DIRECTLY UPWARDS.  Not diagonal, just upwards, which made me think of a rocket for a second.  That's when I took my phone again and started recording it, but my hands kept moving and I was breathing hard out of nervousness so that also came out bad.   Eventually it passed the planes, went over my house and when I stood outdoors, I noticed it no longer looked orange, but instead, was hard to see and blinking.  Then it went over the trees and vanished, followed by 4 planes.   Once it went over my house I took like 7-10 secs to get outside so it could've vanished then and afterwards what I saw blinking was one of the now 4 planes following the same direction, but I don't know what to make of it.   The video I took had mysteriously ended up in my email trash bin, but maybe I hit something by accident and caused that bit.  I have further seen this orange orb 2 or 3 more times in July around the same general location each time, and someone else in my room witnessed the last time with me, but I haven't bothered to try and get more pictures.  Also I am not saying this orb that keeps coming back is an alien, but it to me is unidentified.;41.3458;-72.1473
Three red lights silently floating;2018-11-20 17:00:00;3 minutes;Three red lights silently floating While driving we saw red lights through the trees.  We wanted to see where the lights were coming from so we followed them.  Three red lights slowly drifted above the trees and passed over us as we tried to follow it.  I rolled down my window to hear if it made any sound.  It was silent.  I tried to look beyond the lights to see if the object/s was a plane or drones.  I couldn’t see anything. It was as though they were three separate red lights moving in unison.  I checked our car clock to see if we had “lost time” but only a few minutes passed.  The object(s) drifted away from the road and above a Forrest our of sight.  I instructed the driver to follow it knowing that if it kept heading in the same direction it would be in an open space above water soon.  We sped down the road to catch up with it but never regained sight of it again. We retraced our path to see if there was anything we could have mistook for a flying object.  There was a radio tower but the towers lights couldn’t have crossed the road.;41.3458;-72.1473
