An incomplete report given on behalf of another due to a kidnapping situation;1969-06-01 00:00:00;3 minutes;An incomplete report given on behalf of another due to a kidnapping situation I am submitting this record as a witness to testimonial given to me by a family relation in 2014. At that time, she detailed an est. 1969 UFO sighting in El Paso, TX with her parents (who are now deceased). So, there were at least three witnesses to the craft she described, in detail, by type of material and color. I believed she may have been in recent therapy prior to sharing the information with me. I needed to share the UFO with her husband, and did so in 2014. I did not relay to him any of the details she shared with me.  Now this incident is reported into the OSHA Whistleblower system as it became a background issue in a kidnapping in 2016.  This is an incomplete report and now I am demanding the person who gave me this information be prosecuted, along with her employers, for terrorism. I would like to be contacted by an investigator who can document this case directly with the source of the UFO sighting.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
it was night so i couldnt see all the detail on the gigantic craft.i could tell it was probably black & rectangular mixed w/an oval sha;1997-06-01 21:30:00;maybe 20sec.;it was night so i couldnt see all the detail on the gigantic craft.i could tell it was probably black & rectangular mixed w/an oval shape. I was walking up my street w/my brother & older friend when I herd a wierd humming noise i've never herd in my life.then we saw this mother ship which had to be a mile or more long.it appeared to be  close to the ground as it was moving length wise across the sky verry fast yet almost silent like a stealth except for that extreamly wierd humming noise.i think it had five bright white lights on the left or right side.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
I saw  what appeared papers swirling high in the atmosphere. They changed into two huge white kite like objects which then turned into ;1997-10-31 10:00:00;2 minutes;Summary : I saw  what appeared papers swirling high in the atmosphere. They changed into two huge white kite like objects which then turned into two blimp-like objects  which then began to fly southeasterly at the same height and rate as commercial jets, but were much bigger. As I began to lose sight of them, I called my husband on the west side of town (20miles away). He  saw what appeared as a shiny orb traveling southeasterly. Standing in my backyard, around 10 in the morning, I saw what appeared to be a jet in the northeastern sky. It was climbing very high  and very rapidly. Suddenly,in the northeastern sky I saw what appeared to be papers caught way up in the atmosphere . They appeared to be swirling downward. These papers took the shape of two huge white kite shaped objects  moving together. These then seemed to turn into  two huge white blimp shaped objects that were moving southeasterly one following the other at about the same rate and height as passenger planes. The sun was now striking them making them appear shiny. I called my husband who was on the west side of towm ( about 20 miles away). He saw  a shiny orb that seemed to zig-zag. From his angle he may hane been looking at the two objects  one flying lower than the other. This happened at ten in the morning on a bright sunny cloudless day  and it seems to have gone unnoticed.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
Huge six Cubed Superstructure Seen in El Paso, July 2001.;2001-07-15 16:15:00;2.5 hours;Huge Six Cubed Superstructure Seen in El Paso, July 2001. I observed a huge megastructure floating in the sky over the Franklin Mountains in El Paso Texas.  The event lasted for two hours and thirty minutes.   I was patrolling the parking lot of a mall, and I parked vehicle to update my DAR (Daily Activity Report), and noticed that huge cubed shaped superstructure in the sky and in a row of six connected to each other.  This structure did not move, nor had any visible lights.  The sun was at its descent and blazed brightly in the sky.  The light made the structure very faded as the moon appears in the sky.  The first two cubes were ornate and seemed to have depth in the design, the other four cubes behind it seemed to be plain.   I advised my supervisors of my observations.  It was so moving I asked my Director of Security if I should make an incident report.  He said not to.   I went to the Supervisors to show them what I saw, and they were dismissive.  Another co-worker advised me not to take it so seriously.  I was upset that it really did not bother them much.  I went into the mall and asked if I could borrow a camcorder or camera and their response was no.  I invited them outside to see this megastructure and they were very glib.  I then attempted to take polaroids of the structure and the sun white washed the exposure to be useless.  This megastructure remained in view for two and a half hours as the sun set. All edges of the structure were not sharp but rounded.  I wrote on DAR that, Reported an UFO to Supervisors and Director of Security, asked if Incident Report needed, and they said , No.  My female co-worker who is now my ex-wife, told me to not make a big deal about it.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
Crescent shaped objects over missle test range.;2006-04-14 19:22:00;less than 10 minutes;Crescent shaped objects over missle test range. I was looking towards McGregor range, a missle range north of El Paso.    There I saw what I thought was a large plane flying rather high over that airspace.  It was extremely bright in the pre-twilight evening. This is a flight area for planes landing at the internation airport in El Paso so I really did not think much about it.  I saw another jet fly below it.  The second jet was definitely coming towards the airport and even though it was approaching twilight, I could not see the landing lights. It was still too light outside.   I could see the form of the plane as a shadow. The second jet left a vapor trail.  This caused me to ponder and wonder how the plane flying higher did not leave any trail. I watched the  first craft and its glistening shape changed slightly to crescent as if it had turned to reveal its profile.  It seemed to have pivoted at the spot it was at.  It made no motion in relation to objects on the ground.  From my observation point - several miles from McGregor range - and having seen a commerial aircraft look like fly specks below this craft, I suddenly was aware I was looking at something extraordinary.  This thing seemed to be about 1/4 inch wide now from my front yard - but if it were higher than commerical airliners and further away, it had to simply be huge. A speck of light sudden flew up from the ground east of the crescent and appeared slammed into the crescent at an extremely high rate of speed. I've been involve in missles and I've never seen one as fast as this one.  The crescent seemed to absorb the speck.  I thought at first that it might have been a missle from McGreor, but having just seen a commerical plane in that airspace, that did not make any sense. McGreor would have closed off its airspace before any test firings.  Commerical traffic was still using this airspace.  There did not appear to be any materials falling away from the crescent shaped object as one might expect if it were hit with a missle. From my point of view, it appeared another speck of light came from just below the crescent and also slammed into the crescent. It was not as fast as the first, but still far beyond convential craft speeds.  I realized there was no vapor trail from the smaller speck. About that time, on the horizon appeared three vapor trails in formation that were rapidly approaching the area. I suspect they were from the near by airforce base, but that is nearly 100 miles from here.  They might have been from White Sands - a little closer. The cresent turned from sunlight white to a brighter blue white light and in just a few milli-seconds was too small to see. I assume it was traveling away at an extraordinarily high speed. The three vapor trails that were approaching the area sharply did a 180 degree turn.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
dog fight' between stars;2006-05-04 22:10:00;15-20 mins;dog fight' between stars At about 10:10 P.M. On 5/4/06,  I was in my backyard sitting down,  when I saw (flash) lighting. The whole sky lit up on the horizon, north to west. Nothing out of the ordinary, but there was'nt a cloud in the sky. Told my wife about the event and couldn't figure it out.   Went online to check local weather and current lighting strikes.  Nearest strike was in Abliene, TX.   Not a cloud in the sky. This got me curious, so I was looking in the sky for clouds or a storm.  Looking to the northwest low to the horizon (now about 5- 10 mins later), I saw 4-5 faint star looking objects floating around doing unbelievable manuvers. These objects would be moving slow at first, then at lighting speed change direction.  Sometimes you see only 1 at a time.  Sometimes two or three at a time.   The best I can describe it was it looked like a dog-fight between stars. They would move up and down, left to right,  figure eights, you name it, zig-zag, at all different speeds. Their speed was unbelievable.  This was not man-made!   Notified my wife and woke up my 8 yr. old son to witness.  My son got very scared and started crying, my wife couldn't comment.  Called a buddy who lives west of me about 7mi. Told him where to look, he didn't see anything, but his wife did.  Haven't spoke to her yet on what exactly see saw.  The whole event lasted approx. 15-20 mins.  All their manuvers stayed in the general location.  Notified local UFO hot-line and made a report.  I do not know who to turn to or what?   Just wondering if anybody else has witnessed this in the El Paso or Las Cruces, NM, area.  Thanks!;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
Delta-shaped metallic object observed for about a minute, and then disappeared.;2007-07-18 12:45:00;one minute;Delta-shaped metallic object observed for about a minute, and then disappeared. Report on UFO Sighting 18 July, 2007, 12:45 P.M. M.D.T. El Paso, Texas  	At approximately 12:45 P.M. local time on July 18, 2007, I was riding my motorcycle north on Hueco Tanks Road in far-east El Paso County, Texas. Visibility was unlimited to the north, ahead of me. The sky was perfectly clear with no clouds visible in that area at all. About forty degrees above the horizon and slightly to my west I saw a flat, disk-shaped object. It appeared to be immobile, and that is what attracted my attention. It was precisely on the glide-path to El Paso International Airport, and at first glance, I assumed it was a traditional aircraft. But after watching it for perhaps five seconds, I decided that that was not the case: it did not appear to be moving, though I cannot swear to that, since I myself was traveling at sixty miles per hour. Its shape—a disk, flat top and bottom and squared off at each end, like three quarters stacked atop one another—precluded the possibility that it was any aircraft with which I am familiar. 	I observed this craft for perhaps thirty seconds from this perspective: edge-on. Then a startling thing happened: the craft banked to the left about eighty degrees and presented me with a virtually perfect view of its top surface (or perhaps its bottom surface). Still it did not appear to be moving horizontally. My vision is perfect, conditions were perfect, and I was able to get a crystal-clear sighting of this object. It was delta shaped, coming to a point at one end and flat at the other. It was not an equilateral triangle: the two sides leading to the point were somewhat longer than was the third side, by perhaps twenty-five percent or a third. In simple terms, it looked like an arrowhead. It was metallic, resembling what I can best describe as brushed stainless steel or aluminum. In other words, it was reflective and shiny, but not brilliantly so. There were no indentations or irregularities whatsoever on its perimeter. I saw no ports or evidence of openings of any kind. There was nothing to suggest any leading aerodynamic edges to indicate wings. It was a very simple, delta-shaped object with three flat sides forming its perimeter. 	Safety dictated that I glance down at the road to make sure I was still in my lane. This consumed only a fraction of a second. When I looked back toward the object, it was gone—just gone. Whether it disappeared or flew away at high speed I cannot say. I heard nothing. One fraction of a second it was there, and the next fraction of a second it was not there. If it did in fact fly away, it must have traveled at immense speed, because I could see for many miles in all directions. I scanned the sky thoroughly for quite some time, until I was convinced it was truly not there. There are some mountains in this area, but they are not large, and the object was far too high in the sky to have been obscured by any of them. That is, in my opinion, simply not a possibility. I observed the object in its banked position for perhaps fifteen seconds. As to its distance from me, that is very hard to say. I would estimate that it consumed three or perhaps four solar diameters from my perspective: similar to holding three stacked quarters between your fingers at arms length. My gut feeling is that it was quite close, because I saw it in such great detail. If it had been far away, atmospheric haze would have obscured some of that detail. I could literally see the degree of polish on its surface. This afternoon, 19 July, I called Air Traffic Control at El Paso International Airport. I spoke with an air traffic controller, asking him if anyone had reported anything unusual on radar at the time in question. He told me that no one had submitted a report, but then he went on to virtually confirm my sighting. I made no mention at all of the fact that the object I had seen had disappeared—he mentioned it. He told me that even if someone had seen something, IF IT HAD DISAPPEARED, they probably would have ignored it and not submitted a report. This seems to me to constitute some degree of confirmation. I am fifty-seven years old, a college instructor of Political Science, and had never before seen anything that I would consider a UFO. Frankly, I did not believe that they existed, though I was intrigued by the evidence. I will admit that since childhood, I have believed that we are not alone in this vast universe. But I never believed that we had been visited. I believe it now. 			;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
3 unknown objects moving across the el paso sky;2009-08-27 22:00:00;2-3 MINUTES;3 unknown objects moving across the el paso sky Around 10pm and 10:15pm my husband and I were sitting in our backyard talking.   As I looked up to see the big bright star, I noticed that there were three objects moving in a straight line same distance away from eachother and same pace.  The objects that I saw were as bright as a dull looking star.  I couldn't really see the shape because they were far.   I waited a few seconds before I told my husband because I wanted to make sure they were moving and that I just wasnt seeing things.  I pointed them out to him and we continued to watch them go.   I whistled at my daughter to come out and when she did.  I pointed them out to her by this time they were above my home, they were pretty high up, we thought it was impossible for them to be planes.   We couldn't see them anymore after they moved towards the front of our house.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
Several different shape ufo sightings in the past few months.;2010-09-24 17:30:00;8-10 sec;Several different shape ufo sightings in the past few months. The last sighting I had was at my friends house far away from my house (40+ miles away) and it was the same thing I have on video which made me and my friend think it was following me.  The best way to describe this one is the shape of a couch pillow but metallic and it spins at a certain rate all the time. It moves in all directions and the wind has no effect on it but still spins at the same rate. I have this thing on video three different times.    Ok now for the best sighting, this thing had the shape of the Star Trek symbol but my best description of it would be if Batman had a jet plane this thing would be it.   I saw it in detail with my binoculars and could not believe what I was seeing, a batwing jet black with an oval tanish color body attached to the wing, no noise, no markings, no means of propulsion, stealthy.   My other sighting was right above my house on a Saturday noonish time.  I had just walked out of my garage to meet to friends and I looked up an! d there was two disc shaped black objects sitting still in the sky, wind was blowing some but they stood exactly still, both friends saw them also and then they just disappeared.  I also have what looks like a crop circle in my backyard in the grass.  My girlfriend who has seen the metallic pillow and I woke up one morning and we both said to each other it felt like we both had been in a very deep sleep, maybe like being tranquilized, one I have never felt before and the strange thing about it is we both told each other at the same time.  Polygraph me.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
Silent flying wing moving NE for about 7 seconds.;2017-10-23 20:00:00;7 seconds;Silent flying wing moving NE for about 7 seconds. Could not determine altitude. Shape of contact was a flying wing.  It had 5 to 7 small lights on forward edge of the wing.   Color black. Contact was flying Northeast and turned hard and turned like a kite. Contact couldn't be heard over ambient sound. Contact appeared and turned before tracking into the night sky.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
