Two objects in sky over El Paso, Texas;2008-08-14 20:12:00;4 to 7 minutes;Two objects in sky over El Paso, Texas UFO sighting El Paso, Texas August 14, 2008 @ approximately 8:12 PM MST   At approximately 8:12 pm MST, I and my step-son were heading north on Vista Del Sol Road in east El Paso, Texas on August 14, 2008. I looked up into the sky as I was driving and saw two objects about a half a mile in front of me land distance. I was just coming to the intersection of Vista Del Sol Rd. and Lomaland Rd. to a red light. It was dusk (almost dark) and their was a large thunderstorm coming in from the north. I watched the objects as I was stopped at the stop light. There were two dark (blackish/dark gray) objects floating (best description) across the sky. They stayed the same distance a part as they traveled. They were moving sort of towards the thunderstorm, perpendicular to Vista Del Sol. There movement reminded me of the gyrocopter from the movie the Road Warrior. But they were not gyrocopters I don’t think. Their size in relation to their altitude in the sky ruled that out as did their staying the same distance from each other. They sort of looked like they were being towed by something that wasn’t there and they were just floating behind. They had no lights and made no sound that I could hear. They didn’t appear to be moving that fast. I can not say how high in the sky they were but they didn’t appear to be to high. As if a balloon at the edge of your sight or a low flying helicopter or plane but not low enough to see detail.. They appeared to be sort of (aerodynamic motorcycle not German WW II) helmet shaped with some sort of “foundation” that protruded around the base. They had other protrusions but it was dark so you couldn’t make out any detail. It was weird.  I turned right on to Lomaland so I could continue observing them. They appeared to start moving at a faster pace as they were getting nearer to the thunderstorm. This is based on the speed they were going at the stop light and where they were in the sky as I proceeded up Lomaland. I wanted to see if other folks thought they were UFOs so I pulled into the first apartment complex on the right. A young man about 14years old was there in the parking lot and I pointed at them and said “Do you see those UFOs?” He looked up into the sky and his jaw immediately dropped. He turned and ran towards the apartments yelling at his companion that there were UFOs. I drove another 10 or 15 feet into the apartment complex because I saw another guy looking right up at them. I said to him, “You see those UFOs right?” and he said, “Yes I do. I wish I had a camera.” I explained quickly that I wish I had my cell phone with me. I pulled up another twenty feet and by this time the objects were moving directly towards the thunderstorm. The thunderstorm was at least 20 miles off to the north. On the other side of El Paso International Airport. Within seconds one disappeared into the storm and then the other. I came home directly after the incident and as I was driving I didn’t see anything unusual in the sky. I did see  two planes or copters over the airport as I could see their lights blinking. The whole incident lasted maybe 4 to 7 minutes.  I am a 44 year old white male. I am a wildlife biologist. I have a Bachelors degree and will complete my Masters this Winter. I have extensive scientific knowledge and spend much of my time out of doors, in the desert, from March through October many times at night. I am familiar with the southeast and southwest US. My step-son is 13 years old. He is a nature lover and watches cartoons and plays video games. He will be in the 7 th grade this year.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
4 UFO's  hovered and moved side to side, up and down and glowed. not like any man made object, and dissapeared into thin air;2010-06-19 17:30:00;15 min;4 UFO's  hovered and moved side to side, up and down and glowed. not like any man made object, and dissapeared into thin air Me and my wife were at the playground on post and we were sitting there when my wife noticed a roundish shape floating upwards, initialty we taught it was a weather balloon and it was not as it stopped at 11 O'clock to left of the half moontowards the north east, and 3 more appeared 2 on the the right of the moon bearing east in a verticle formation about 2 O'clock, and there was 1 towards the north at 10 O'clock all by itself.  they hovered and then they would move slowly and sideways, not like a normal or military plane let alone a balloon.  This was clearly a UFO sightting. after it hovered for a while the one at 11 O'clock started to move west towards our direction and was moving in circular patterns and snake like/or S and not like our common aircrafts, and then we witness it just simply dissapeared in to thin air along with the other UFO's that where there and they made no sound at all.  They all dissapeared at around 17:45.;31.7830181140953;-106.39398739463
