Three Lights Seen Above Lake;2007-09-17 22:00:00;3-5 Minutes;Three Lights Seen Above Lake When i was a teen I used to live in a random  cul-de-sac in the middle of the country surrounded by nothing but fields and a lake.  One night i went out for a walk and as i was walking i noticed that  a street light which was usually the only light to be found for a ways, had a second light floating above it, a single sort of vertical oval shaped light, maybe 5-6 feet above it, unmoving, a bright but hazy white/orange light, after watching it for about a minute i continued with my walk and shortly turned around and walked home and took notice that the light was still there.  The next day in bright sunshine i walked down to the streetlight to check it out and there was nothing above the streetlight or in the vicinity that would create any kind of light. A few weeks later i went out for another late night walk ( as was my fashion)  as upon returning my eye was drawn to the open access point of the lake my house was on, i had barely  stepped near it when i saw very clearly 3 fairly large horizontal oval lights, 2 white, one orangish/red, spaced about 3 feet away from each other hovering above my lake just above the tree line, i stopped out of curiosity trying to listen for the sound of a plane  but heard only a very soft, very low whooshing-like pulsing, i tried to think of any and all possible explanations besides the one i am reporting now, but i didn't live near any towers, tall buildings, power stations or water towers, i heard no sound of planes or helicopters and the lights weren't moving, and they were very clearly just above my lake which has no means of supporting any kind of light. My immediate thought was  go inside and get the camera but I was mesmerized by its strangeness and also a little afraid, and I worried that the lights might disappear by the time I came back to the spot. I watched the lights for about 5 minutes, and they never seemed to move, and as I watched the light farthest on the right which was white and the middle light which was orange/red changed, and now the far right was orange/red and the middle was white. I dont know why but i was suddenly frightened, thinking of all the silly movies id seen, and i felt like the lights were watching me as well, i grew rather anxious and decided to quickly walk home, as i was doing so i kept looking behind me back at the lights, at which point i realized they HAD been moving because they were now higher above the treetops then they had been before, they had just been moving too slowly for me to notice.  I reached home and firmly locked the door behind me and drew all the curtains to appease my own uneasiness. The next day I returned to the spot and saw no sign of the lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.4825;-93.9675
3 orange lights same flight path 10 min apart.;2014-05-24 23:00:00;20 minutes;3 orange lights same flight path 10 min apart Saturday May 24th 2014, the sky was clear after a beautiful 70 degree day.  Five of us were sitting around a campfire about 11:00pm when a very fast moving orange ball came out of the east toward us then curved and went to the north.  When it disappeared we noticed there was absolutely no sound. Approximately 10 minutes later, another orange ball on the exact same flight path came at us and again turned to the north.  The orange ball looked the same whether it was coming at us or going away. It was about another 10 minutes and a 3rd ball came at us.  This was from a slightly more southern direction, but it followed the 1st two lights toward the north.  I don’t know if this was the same light making a large circle or if it was actually 3 different orange lights.;45.4825;-93.9675
