UFO over UCONN;2009-03-31 19:50:00;30 minutes;UFO over UCONN Last night, (3/31/2009) at approximately 7:50 pm, my 3 friends and I spotted what looked like a glowing ball in the dusk sky. We were at a large hill called horsebarn hill at the University of Connecticut. I was the one who first spotted it when I saw two airplanes in the unobstructed sky and noticed that there was a third object (the glowing ball) which was not behaving like the other two airplanes. We surveyed the area and noted that there were nearby radio towers and traffic lights that were visible slightly above the tree line, but none of these were at the same height as the object. We observed the object hovering for a brief period (about 5 minutes) and it was pulsating with light. Soon the object disappeared. We began to scan the sky again and a few seconds later we noticed the object again over the campus, a great distance away from where it was before. We didn’t know how it was possible for it to travel that fast. It hovered there for a while and disappeared. To me it seemed like it disappeared but I have terrible eyesight and wasn’t wearing any visual aids. My two other friends however could still see it as a small red dot traveling at an immense speed to the other side of the hill where we saw it initially. We then saw it change a series of colors (purple, white, and yellow) and it looked like it was wobbling back and forth in the sky. We continued to watch the object and it disappeared and reappeared several times, randomly getting brighter until it was the brightest object in the sky and it disappeared again to move to a new location. After about 30 minutes of observing this object, we were not able to locate it again. I did record 4 videos of the object on my cell phone camera and caught one of the object increasing the intensity of light and disappearing, however since it is a camera phone it is not of exceptional quality. I am certain what we saw was not an airplane or a radio tower or even a street light.;41.8021614035088;-72.2473894736842
Stable, then darting small, bright, red light, suddenly sped away out of view within 1 second.;2012-02-15 01:00:00;20 seconds;Stable, then darting small, bright, red light, suddenly sped away out of view within 1 second. I was star gazing on a clear night around midnight or 1:00am in Storrs, CT, in the cemetery on campus.  Lying still on the ground, l was looking up at the various stars, planets, planes, shooting stars, etc. for roughly 15 minutes. At one point, I noticed 1 small and very distant bright red light slowing moving in a line across the sky.  The light itself shone steadily and did not blink.  The movement had caught my eye.  After about 3 seconds of steady movement, the light turned in an arc and slowed down. I thought that was strange.  Then, over the course of about 15 more seconds total, it proceeded to halt, dart up/down/left/right with extreme precision and speed.  Finally, it halted for half a second before suddenly speeding away as suddenly as it had appeared.  It completely disappeared within 1 second.  It had sped so far away so quickly, that I lost sight of it within a perfectly clear night sky. At first, I was dumbfounded by what I had seen. I hadn't even had time to blink during the whole entire time I witnessed it. It was not a shooting star (which would have been white-yellow in color, and follow a more brief and linear path before disappearing).  However, I would describe the speed of its travel similar to how fast a shooting star would move – “blink, and you’ll miss it!”  The precision of the halts and turns is what really astounded me. No shooting star, comet, or plane could move with that sort of instantaneous, precise movement, or come to a dead halt that effectively. It was very eerie, yet very interesting.  I immediately texted my best friend to let her know because I was so excited!  Needless to say, I got up and went back inside to the safety of my dorm to process what I had seen.;41.8021614035088;-72.2473894736842
