strange lights follow automobile;1970-08-01 21:00:00;1 hour;strange lights follow automobile While milking the cows one night my father saw 3 bright lights hanging in the sky northwest of our farm. He began to watch the lights as he worked, as they appeared to move periodically then stop. He said he first became aware of feeling there was something feeling in the air which made him look around and see the lights.The light were togather but were not connected.They woud seem to be in formation,as in a triangle, then they would move into another pattern, or would just mold into another triangle with the lights in different places.It seems that there was a slight coloration in two of the lights, but it was subtle color.    Our farm sat on a pretty high hill and had good perspective of the surrounding area,and these lights did not seem to have much altitude.  After finishing the milking my parents brother and I got in our truck to go have a closer look at the lights. The lights were possibly 3/4 of a mile northwest of our farm so we went west to the first road north all the while the lights were clearly visible.  It was maybe 200 feet in the air, and moved from west to east as we approached.  This is a very primitive area of small farms, mostly having an incandescent light on a pole for a yard light if any outside light at all so there was no light contamination from man made sources.   We approached the lights  from the south, and were still to the east of it.  When we got as far north as the road would allow we turned west to get as close as possible.  It was then the lights seemed to get interested in us.  The lights moved east until they were parallel to us.  The movement was fairly quick and noticable, then as we drove slowly west on the road the lights moved parallel to our movement.  We would stop and watch the lights,and they would stop and hover.  The lights were perhaps 400 yards north of us and still roughly 200 feet in the air,but we heard no sounds coming from that direction.  As a matter of fact there was no sound of any kind to be heard. The very air around us seemed to deaden all sound even muffling the sound of our trucks engine. We drove to the next road then turned back south to the highway. The lights continued west for a short distance then turned south  with us only not quite coming to parallel with us this time.  We drove slowly watching the strange lights hoping it would not go away before we got to my grandparents house.  The lights did not come all the way to the highway but was still near enough to be seen clearly when we turned back east onto the highway.  When we turned east the lights turned east with us,but staying three or four hundred yards north of the highway.  The lights stayed with us until we reached my grandparents, but they were not home, so we drove another 1/4 mile up the highway to my aunt and uncles farm where we found my grandparents also. My father went into the house asking everyone to come out and look at the lights. There were 11 people all told with six adults four teenage children, and one younger (8) child.  We all watched the lights for another twenty minutes or more as they hovered in the sky periodically changing shapes,or patterns as though in a silent vacume,devoid of all night sound  you would have on a night in the country,no bug,no farm dogs barking,no cattle bawling....nothing. This was more troubling to all these farm people than the strange lights itself. Finally the lights just left. It didn't zoom away, or shoot up into space they just moved off along the horizon at the same low altitude almost casually. Then they were gone, and soon the noise of night resumed.;37.3399;-93.7058
