This is clearly happening here and to quote Mr. Holloway.... There are UFO's in Modoc County.;2005-03-07 20:00:00;30 Minutes;This is clearly happening here and to quote Mr. Holloway.... There are UFO's in Modoc County. I will respectfully refer you to the Editor of the County's Newspaper, Rick Holloway, in Alturas, CA. The phone number is (530) 233-2632.  I believe this Well Known, straight forward and extremely respected man is probably your best contact person. I will also have my Daughter respond to your request to complete a form as well.     After my daughter called me on the 7th of March, 05 @ 8:00 PM and informed me that she had just seen a ufo up close I told her to grab my grandson and come to my home, she was very upset.  I went directly outside and looked across the sky towards her home.  I soon became aware of red triangular crafts flying in the sky every where.   I had one fly / float over my head and it was very distinct and clear.  Very fast and able to stop in flight, expell a white 'flash' of something, looked like plasma.   @ that point I grabed my two dauhters and ran in the house.  My wife was also present, but stayed inside the home with my two year old grandson.;41.4776;-120.5489
Newspaper Article to March 7th Sighting;2005-03-07 20:00:00;20 minutes;Newspaper Article to March 7th Sighting This report is in reponse to an email that my dad sent to you and you sent him an emailing asking him and me to fill out this report.  I work for a local newspaper and my editor, was so interesed in my UFO encounter (on March 7th, 2005) that he wrote an article about it in our March 10th issue. He wrote the article off a paper I wrote describing what had happened. It describes better than I can, the events that happened that night. I have used *** on last names and street addresses. My editor later wrote a follow-up editorial on April 7th, 2005. Here is the article as follows. If you would like me to send you an actual paper, that is available also.  What was in that March 7th sky? So you think your Monday was a bit taxing do you? Elaine ****, webmaster and graphics artist at the Modoc Cuonty Record and her family were jolted by some very strange skies over Alturas. She said it all started about 8PM when she saw something odd from her living room window, I saw a large hovering aircraft with five lights, shaped like a boomerang, she said. I stared at it for at least five seconds before jumping up and looking out another window. I didn't see it from there, so i shut off the lights, but didn't see it again. Elaine said she ran outside and the object was gone, but several jets were flying in different ares of the sky. I called my dad and told him I thought I just saw a UFO, said Elaine. He told me to come over to his house, so I bundled up my son and raced over to their house on East *** Street. When I arrived my dad and sister were outside looking at the 12 or so jets flying back and forth over the night sky. Then things got weird. A big bright ball of light appeared from the north, said Elaine. I pointed it out to my dad and we watched it come towards us. As it did, it morphed into a triangle. As it got closer to us, we could see the belly and notice it was indeed a triangle with little red lights creating the shape. On the right side was one green light. It flew over our heads flying in circles and turning at sharp angles. It's flight pattern defied logic. The lights were steady, not blinking once. The craft flew south towards Likely and then it turned back, appearing to head straight for the family. Once it was over our heads, it flew back and forth, like a bird flying in all directions. At that time, we noticed a second one to the north. It was white. Once the two triangles met, they started a dance in the sky, gliding here and there, Elaine recalls. Then, all of a sudden, out of nowhere, one of the triangles suddenly burst into a bright ball of light. I thought whatever it was, it was going to crash land, but it broke away from the ball of light. The lights hovered over **** Street near the Alturas Cemetery, just sitting there until they slowly disappeared. Elaine said the triangle then shot off towards the north, followed closely by the second one, hovered a minute or so, then disappeared. There was no sound at all when the burst of lights appeared and when the triangle appeared, said Elaine. It was pretty freaky, but we all saw it. There was no reports to the police or sheriff's office and the military has not returned calls. If anyone saw what Elaine saw on Monday night, contact the Record at 233-**** and let us know.;41.4776;-120.5489
