Spastic stars;2002-07-30 22:00:00;1 hour;Spastic stars Ok...the house is on highway 49 about 1 mile from town.  Kind of secluded with bunches of trees all around.  It was about 9:30-10:00 pm and I had stepped outside to smoke a cigarette and decided to look up and I saw a small star(?) moving along slowly across the sky. A few minutes later I saw 2 very bright lights that looked like huge stars stream across the sky...almost like they were chasing each other. They were moving so fast I saw them about a split second each maybe? Now I watch x-files and unsolved mysteries and all that is going through my mind is abduction so I turn and run in the house. I sit there and decide it was 2 shooting stars that I saw. I went back outside and ever so often I would see these lights darting through the trees and across the sky. I say I was out there about an hour and I saw these lights maybe 7 or 8 times through out that period of time. Each time these sighting lasted between 10 seconds to maybe a minute. I thought maybe they were fireflies but the lights were white not yellow. And they moved so quickly with no sound at all...they usually started out in almost a straight path, then they would change direction instantly and just zig zag a little bit. They blinked every...2 seconds maybe? Not blink like an airplane but like someone turning on a light every 2 seconds and turning it back off after a split second. Its hard to explain...darkenss for 2 seconds and then light for a split second. I could usually only see them through the trees but a few times they came out in open sky and they were moving so fast that there was almost a small streak behind them that made them look oval shaped...either that or they were already oval shaped i dont know. I could not really see them for too long. The only way I could really have a chance to really inspect their shape was to guess where the next light would show and sometimes they would change direction and be so quick that I would just see it out of the corner of my eye. This is so hard to explain. It moved cross the entire sky i! n about 5 or 6 blinks. Then it would be gone and come back in a couple of minutes. Sometimes it would make an entire spuratic circle around the yard through the trees. Then I saw a 3rd shooting star zip across the sky in a split second. I guess it could have been fireflies...i dont really know their behavior. I know for a fact it was not any kind of aircraft known to man yet. Can fireflies move in a straight line almost, skip around very quickly at will, are they that fast and bright, do they blink as systematically as an airplane would...as on-point as a computer cursor is when it blinks? These things could move so fast sometimes I couldnt keep up. If anything...it was quite a light show. A few airplanes came through the area while I was out there also.  After about an hour the lights were gone.  I am going back out there tonight to see what I can find.  Maybe get a picture.  I had seen something like this before in the same spot but I was inside looking outside and only saw it for a brief moment a few months ago.  I have read the other messages posted here and there are a few that sound similar to what I saw.  If it wasnt fireflies...it was incredible...I have never seen anything like it.  PLease email me at ((e-address deleted)) if you know what I saw.;36.0331;-79.3804999999996
The object was blinking different colors.  It was blinking red, green, blue.  It was blinking very fast.  It kept disappearing.;2016-11-24 23:00:00;53 seconds;The object was blinking different colors.  It was blinking red, green, blue.  It was blinking very fast.  It kept disappearing.;36.0331;-79.3804999999996
