Strange black triangle flew over my home!;2012-04-02 02:00:00;15 seconds;Strange black triangle flew over my home! On the night of April 2, I was returning home from work late that night.  As I pulled into my driveway my wife was sitting outside smoking a cigarette, as she does every night about the same time waiting for me to come home.  As we began to walk towards the back yard, we both noticed a large low flying black triangle with only three bright red lights.  The object came from the west and flew right over us heading towards the east, with a slight turn towards the northeast then vanished. There was no sound, and this thing did not move in the air like a conventional aircraft.  I grew up near Camp Lejune Military base and have witnessed all types of aircraft, but I have never seen anything like that!  I asked my wife to describe what she saw. Her description of what she had just seen was the exact same thing I had witnessed myself.;36.0331;-79.3804999999996
Large, low, equilateral triangle travels across rural country sky.;2015-05-12 21:45:00;~1 minute;Large, low, equilateral triangle travels across rural country sky On 5/12/2015 at approximately 9:45pm, my daughter (age 21) and I (age 50) were outside the house preparing to clean out an inflatable pool and refill it.  (Very late at night to be cleaning a pool, but the grand kids had finally gotten to sleep and we wanted it clean for company tomorrow.)  Something caught our attention and we both looked over to the neighbors house.  Traveling just along the tree line, just before their house, we saw an equilateral triangle of lights in the sky.  It seemed to catch our attention at the same time that we heard a dull engine sound, it was brief and only lasted about 2 seconds, as I recall, but deep and not too loud, but the sound was kind of unique and out of place. We watched the lights for approximately 45 seconds move across the sky/tree line traveling at the same speed. It briefly passed behind the neighbors house, when I grabbed my daughter's arm and pulled her across our yard to see it quickly when it reappeared from behind the house. It continued to pass through the sky at the same rate of speed and again we moved across our yard to keep it in view as it passed behind several trees.  When it came from behind the taller trees it appeared to be only two lights now laying horizontally and it was quickly gone behind the trees.  I still had a grip on my daughters arm and the whole time we watched we kept asking each other, What is that?  What the hell is that?  As soon as it was no longer visible I asked her to be quiet, because I expected to hear a crash.  We both thought we were watching a plane about to crash because it would have been flying tilted on it's side and was very low to the tree tops, but it flew too long of a distance, in that position, at a very steady speed and seemed to be moving in a straight line, without any sound, and in hindsight I realized that the lights were in the shape of an equilateral triangle (that is not the case with a plane flying tipped on its side.)  There was no crash. There was no sound. It was just gone. We wanted to call to police, but I wanted to go into the house first and tell my parents what we just witnessed.  They found it very interesting and encouraged a call to the police, just to report it.  I just want to state that we are all very clear headed adults and have never made accusations of any sort to cause concern about ones sanity or need for drama. We are clear on a few of facts:  The object consisted of three lights. That is all we saw, just three lights. They formed an equilateral triangle.  They never wavered. At least one of the lights was blue and we are almost positive that the other two were white, but one may have been red.  There was a strange, low, grumble sound just prior to seeing the object and the sound stopped within a second or two. We watched the object for approximately 1 minute or less. I made a phone call to the non emergency police call center and reported what we witnessed.  The lady I spoke with told me that no military actions were scheduled this evening in this area.  She told me that though she had not had any reports tonight from other witnesses, there had been a larger amount of calls coming in over the past 3 years of UFO sightings in this area.  She gave me the number for the National UFO Reporting Center and I made the call and reported what we had witnessed and was asked to write this report along with my daughter who was to write her own account of the event.  The gentleman that I spoke with informed me that under federal aviation law, no aircraft was allowed to use blue lights while flying at night.  The leading light was BLUE. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with both witnesses, mother and daughter, and we found them both to be serious and sober-minded in their description of the event.  We suspect that their reports are highly reliable.  PD));36.0331;-79.3804999999996
Large, low, equilateral triangle object flying through rural country sky (daughters report );2015-05-12 21:45:00;~1 minute;Large, low, equilateral triangle object flying through rural country sky (daughters report ) 	Tonight, Tuesday May 12th, 2015, around 9:45 PM, my mother and I were standing outside in our backyard.  As we were facing East we both heard a low noise, as if we were driving underneath an overpass and could hear a car drive above, but not nearly as loud.   I looked in the direction of the noise and saw a perfect equilateral triangle consisting of 3 lights traveling across the sky.  The top light was white, the light to the right (the direction it was traveling) was blue, and the bottom light was also white.   My mother grabbed my arm as soon as she saw it and we watched it moved behind the peak of our neighbors house.  Shortly after we heard the initial noise from the object it was silent, though still right in our sight.  We walked across the law, her still on my arm, asking one another what we could possibly be looking at.   For a brief moment it went behind a grouping of trees that we were unable to see over.   During those couple of seconds it went from 3 lights! to 2, as if it had turned flat.  The blue light was still in the front and one of the white lights right behind it.  It traveled a constant rate of speed during this entire experience. 	We came to a stop as we realized we wouldn’t be able to see it any further and waited for something.  We thought if it were a plane it was definitely about to crash.  So we waited, hoping that we weren’t about to see the sky light up and hear it plummeting to the ground. But there was nothing.  Just as quickly as it came into our view, it was gone. We were absolutely dumbfounded. 	After we waited a few moments for any sign of it we went inside to reiterate the scenario to my grandparents.  Both of whom had been sleeping, but assumed it must be some sort of military drill.  They encouraged us to report it to the police to see if anyone else had seen it. I looked up the number for a non emergency dispatcher and dialed the number for my mother on my phone.  My mother explained to the woman what we had just seen and inquired if there were any military craft practices scheduled.  We were told that there was nothing planned for this evening so she wasn’t sure what we had seen.  She said it was strange because there had been a lot of calls in our town in the last 3 years, none however had came in tonight other than ours.  She gave us the number to the National UFO Reporting Center if we wanted to let them know what we had seen. 	Shortly there after calling and leaving my name and number we received a call back. My mother answered the phone and spoke with a gentleman that asked about what we had witnessed.  During this call we were told that it is against federal aviation law to travel at night with a blue light on your aircraft.  Though I thought since the moment we started watching it that it was no plane, I never thought I would really know for sure, but that bit of information told me everything I needed.  We saw a UFO tonight, there is no doubt in my mind. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with both witnesses, mother and daughter, and we found them both to be serious and sober-minded in their description of the event.  We suspect that their reports are highly reliable.  PD));36.0331;-79.3804999999996
