Tethered Satellites over Maine?, Silver thread connection clearly visible;2012-03-30 02:15:00;5 min;Tethered Satellites over Maine?, Silver thread connection clearly visible Date 30-Mar-2012		Time 02:15	 Conditions: Clear sky, dark, moonless early AM Object Description: 	At first notice the star(s) seemed to be brighter than the surrounding stars, I then noticed they were moving slowly, tracking together toward the North West.  I thought to myself, how unusual is that? Having watched satellites transverse the sky on countless occasions I had never seen two travelling together.   From my vantage point to the point in the sky they were about 1” apart but clearly moving together.  They seemed to travel slower than most other satellites I had observed but I surmised this was because of their unusually  high altitude. (which I suspected was higher than all the others I have seen).  As they moved toward the NW and  the sun was still below the horizon I could see the reflection of what looked like a silver thread appear between the two satellites, lites, ufo’s or whatever you want to call them.  At first not believing my eyes I carefully studied what I was seeing  with great interest for about 1 1/2 minutes until I could no longer see the objects or the! thread connecting them as they moved out of view. I was left with the impression/conclusion that what I had seen were two satellites connected by  some kind of tether, cable etc. It was clearly glistening in the sunlight from over the horizon.   After some further thought I surmised that perhaps it was some kind of space experiment reminding me of the unsuccessful shuttle experiment with the tether to create/capture inductive power in orbit. At the obvious high altitude of the objects, the distance of the tether connecting them had to be immense since I could perceive it as approximately 1 inch in distance from my vantage point. It was an interesting observation and I am pleased I could share it with you, Best Regards.;43.6012;-70.9043
