Saw triangular shaped, black object with greenish lights, on 2/19/05, in De. USA at 9:30pm EST;2005-02-19 21:00:00;15 min.;Saw triangular shaped, black object with greenish lights, on 2/19/05, in De. USA at 9:30pm EST I was driving home after work, approx. 9:30 est, heading west. I had seen unusual looking lights pretty far out to the southwest they caught my eye, and i sort of kept an eye on them, off/on for a few miles. They had an unusual shape/were sort of a greenish tint. There were a few cars on the road with me for awhile. As I neared home, all the cars I had been traveling with left the road, and I was alone traveling west, about 3-4 min. from home. The area I live in is in the country, but not desolate. There are quite a few homes, separated by fields/large lots. There was almost a full moon.  As i approached an intersection, suddenly the lights seemed to come right toward me,fast,then slowed down and went right across the road, in front of me,about 20 or 30 feet above the road,and then stopped and hovered above a field. There is a section of trees about 30 or 40 feet high running parallel to the field.The trees hid most of the craftwhen it went into the field, an incredibly bright light flashed for about a minute or so.The craft seemed to turn around. I could see enough from where i stopped to see that. It was like a greenish white huge, oblong shaped light...as bright as a laser. I didnt know what to do. I was petrified and thought that if i went forward, God knows what would happen to me. So i pulled up into a driveway that was nearby. Two houses were there with their lights out. I turned my lights/radio off and tried to sit very still. The light went out and the craft lifted slowly up over the trees toward me. i looked up and saw underneath the  craft. It moved very slowly. It was black and triangular shaped with a rounded sort of nose. It was about 60 feet wide.with green lights spaced equal distances apart. There were lines, black lines underneath. It hovered over me for about 5 min, mabey less. It didnt make any sound at all. Finally, it moved slowly on toward the east. I watched it go for a few minutes and then got the courage to tear out of there and go home. I have been unable to get the images out of my mind. I was so scared/in utter disbelief at what was happening that i put the car into reverse andbacked up without looking.;39.2549;-75.6971
