Oval shapped lighted object split off into 4 smaller oval objects,  followed me North then West, then East, for 12 minutes.;1999-05-16 00:30:00;12 minutes;Oval shapped lighted object split off into 4 smaller oval objects,  followed me North then West, then East, for 12 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know for certain what the witness observed, but the description is strongly reminiscent of advertising lights, which frequently are reported to NUFORC.  We note that 16MY99 fell on a Sunday, which supports the possibility, we feel, that the lights might have been part of weekend promotional activity.  PD)) I was leaving work about 12:30AM when I noticed in the sky an oval shapped lighted object in the sky. At first I thought it was a search light looking for planes. Then as I was driving around the horse shoe shapped road in the industrial park, I noticed that it was only about 100 feet in the sky and there are no airports or small planes that fly in the Central Islip area of long Island. As I started to get closer to the lighted object I noticed that it was moving lower to the street	and started following my car. I knew this was not a search light looking for planes now. Now I'm driving as fast as I can, all the while this object is following me. When I got to the end of the street, the traffic light was Red, I stopped and waited for it to turn Green, as I looked up to my left was this oval shapped object now hovering to my left only about 100 feet in the sky, it was as if it was waiting for me at the intersection. All of a sudden this oval shapped lighted object splits up into 4 smaller oval shapped lighted objects, and they start rotating around each other, all the time staying the same distance apart from one another. Now the traffic light turns green and I take off driving as fast as I can. I'm heading North on Carlton Ave. to get to the LIE. I look over to my left and the 4 lighted objects are following me on the left side of the road, only about 100 feet in the sky. Then I saw head lights in my rear view mirror, I tried to get the attention of the car behind me, the driver just passed me up, I looked over and noticed the 4 lighted objects were gone now. I keept driving North on Carlton Ave. and now I was the only car on the road again, I look over to my left and once again I see the 4 oval shapped lighted objects on the left side of the road, about 100 feet in the sky and moving alone with my car. Now I'm really getting scarred, I don't know what the hell this thing is. Then once again another car approaches from behind me, I look over to my left and the 4 lighted objects are gone again. I'm st! ill driv ing North on Carlton Ave. and I don't see the objects anymore, since the second car passed by me. Then instead of going straight home I decide to turn down one of the residential streets in Central Islip. As I was slowly driving down this dark narrow street something strange came over me, and I asked myself why did I turn down this residential street instead of going straight home? I then decided to get back onto Carlton Ave. and go home. But instead of just turning the car around, I decided to continue down this street and make a right and then another right to get back to Carlton Ave. I finally get to the end of the residential street and I see a lighted object in the sky, directly in front of me, this time only about 50 feet in the sky, I froze for a minute as I watched this object hovering in the sky. Then all of a sudden the 1 object splits off into 4 objects, just like it did earlier. Now there were 4 smaller oval shapped lighted objects hovering in the sky, and rotating around each other right in front of me. I step on the gas pedal and make the right turn, I'm driving as fast as I can, I get to the next corner and make another right turn to get back to Carlton Ave. I'm driving as fast as I  can and looking back every other second, the objects were still following me. I finally get to the end of the street, I make a left onto Carlton Ave. I'm heading north and driving as fast as I can, I don't see the lighted objects anymore. I finally get to the LIE and all the way home I don't see the lighted objects. I don't know what it was that I saw, but it was diffenitly not a search light of any kind, it was diffentitly following me. And I never saw anyhing like that again.;40.7856;-73.193
