Pairs of orange flashing lights in the western Wisconsin sky.;2001-05-09 21:00:00;30 MIN;Pairs of orange flashing lights in the western Wisconsin sky. On the evening of Wednesday May 9th 2001 about 10:00 PM I had noticed there were a few jets that I could hear from the second story of our home. I thought that I would open the small upstairs bathroom window which faces West and see if I could spot what was going on. I stuck my head out the window for about 3 minutes or so, looked around, and then I suddenly saw one fairly large orange light which was illuminated for about 2 seconds, then went out. Imediately after that, a second one appeared closely to the left of it (from my view) and repeated the same thing. You could still see a dim halo of the first one, so it seemed as though the lights were paired together. The object/s were dead silent and completely stationary in the sky. I would have estimated that they were 5-10 miles away.  I yelled to my wife and son so they could hopefully witness this. We watched out the window for another 10 minutes or so and didn't see a thing. My son became quite frightened because he knew I was not kidding. The jets seemed to be continually cirlcling around overhead while this was happening, almost as if they too were trying to identify the objects. For about another half hour we could still hear the jets, so I thought I would look again. This time I chose to open and look out my son's bedroom window which also faces west. Now it is about 10:35, and this time a total of four large orange lights had flashed and went out in about a 3-4 second duration. I yelled for my wife and son once again, and only my wife was able to witness a second sequence of flashing orange lights. This time it appeared to be two pairs of lights equally spaced between one another. We were all quite excited about this and contemplated notifying the local police to see if anyone else had witnessed this. Shortly after the second sighting, the sounds of the jets suspiciously went away. Hopefully someone else out there witnessed this and can file their report. It shure was strange but fantastic.;43.9306;-87.9931000000001
