Mass of Black DOTS MORPHS into distinct V-shaped cloud;2003-05-01 10:10:00;5 mins;Mass of Black DOTS MORPHS into distinct V-shaped cloud At Appox 10:15 am on the 1 of May, I was travelling near RTE 1, Green St Intersection when my attention was drawn to the south-west, where  a black/charcoal grey  mass of semi transparent  DOTS that was floating North  was viewed by me  as it traveled   at a constant speed and direction,  changing shape at approx 1000ft altitude. A state trooper was also  stationed at traffic duty, he observed it too, and joked as long as it don't suck his brains out, it's OK! I continued  west on Green St for 1/4 mile, keeping morphing cloud in sight, it also had Tendrils with smaller spheres hanging off of it,  then the cloud with and ill defined rear, changed shape into a sharp V formation and contined over the tree-tops out of my line of sight. No sound was heard and no birds or insects could produce this straight line, constant ballastic type of flight. Weather cover  was ashen grey sky  with the clouds above this thing, which I feel was a controlled object of mechanical or biological in nature. See also NY report for morphing cloud for similar description of type of  object;40.5555;-74.2855
At Approx. 10:25 AM, I was traveling west on Oak Tree Rd   , coming up on the crossroad of WOOD Ave when my attention was drawn to a  j;2004-04-30 10:25:00;15 mins;At Approx. 10:25 AM, I was traveling west on Oak Tree Rd   , coming up on the crossroad of WOOD Ave when my attention was drawn to a  jet black,  glossy cylindrically shaped  object that was floating/rotating  from the South west to the north east at less than 1000 ft. It had to be huge, more tham 75 feet in length and at least 10 ft in diameter, it was shaped like a glossy black sausage casing, and it would periodically go into a formal V-shape and then speed up in that direction of travel.  As it crossed in front of me  on Wood ave/Oak tree Rd The sun would also glint of this sausage shaped object, and two smaller spheres were observed , one attached  at each end. This object would also rotate end over end  stop and go ram-straight  vertical, HOVER for a few seconds after bending in the middle from a v-shaped profile, and maintain this attitude for a few seconds before going on. it also maintained a tru and straight attitude and height, for if it was a balloon, it  would have risen while in my view. I pointed it out to a few passer-bys, but they said it was a balloon. The object then drifted in a stop and go manner out over the Garden State Parkway  and then I lost sight of this wierd object. It was 60 degrees in temp, partly sunny and the wind was calm.  It is also 1 year to the day when I saw a similar changing object in the vicinity  and wonder if this is some kind of probe or alien craft  sent to gather data. (see report for Woodbridge, NJ   (5-1-03) Thanks.;40.5555;-74.2855
