Disk Quietly Hovered and Subsequently Spun Vertically on its Axis;1974-07-20 22:00:00;20 seconds;Disk Quietly Hovered and Subsequently Spun Vertically on its Axis I just finished watching the ABC special on UFOs and was happy to see that there was an organization actually interested in documenting sightings.  My brother and I had one many, many years ago and I would very much be interested in finally reporting something that was only shared with my parents and a few friends.  My friends, when hearing my story, were somewhat incredulous but knowing that my brother and I are of very serious character, they find it very hard to believe that we are making up a story.  Needless to say, my parents believe us wholeheartedly.  A summer evening, either 1974 or 1975, a friend called me to pick her up from the mall since her brother had neglected to do so.  My mother asked my younger brother (either 9 or 10 years old at the time) to accompany me.  As I drove on Ford Avenue (Woodbridge, NJ), over the NJ Turnpike bridge, my brother motioned to the sky and asked me to look at what he had spotted.  I was in awe when I saw a very large disk surrounded by a series of round white lights all along its perimeter.  It was quietly hovering -- not a sound was heard from the sky.  It looked like there was also a dim blue light emanating from it -- as if it were at the tip of an antenna -- this light was very hard to see so I can't attest that it was anywhere associated with an antenna, or exactly where it might have been located.  As the object hovered, it amazingly began rotating vertically on its axis, then it became horizontal once again and dashed away behind a set of trees directly in front of our line of vision -- that's when my brother and I lost visual contact.  I'm sorry that I did not look at the object more intently -- I was driving, and when I slowed down to take a good look at it, the drivers behind me began feeverishly beeping their horns.  I may have missed seeing the object altogether if my brother hadn't spotted it.  I surmise the other drivers did not see it -- they wouldn't be in such a rush to drive along if they had.  I'll never forget the sense of wonder and fright (I was trembling slightly) at witnessing such an object.  My brother and I had not ever been interested in UFOs nor did any reading on the subject -- we were not in the least bit biased and prone to interpreting unusual sights to be UFOs -- needless to say the sighting spurred our interest.  When I got back from the mall (without my friend who finally had gotten picked up by her brother), my brother and I related the story to 2 little girls in the neighborhood -- they had seen exactly the same thing!!  Thank you for the opportunity to finally share our story after so many, many years.;40.5555;-74.2855
Up in the sky was a hovering disk shaped object with yellow and blue lights.;2007-08-16 19:45:00;1 minute;Up in the sky was a hovering disk shaped object with yellow and blue lights. The object seen was disk shaped.  It had a big bright yellow light on the top.  It had a blue light on one side and a yellow light on the other.  There appeared to be straight that connected the big yellow light to the smaller lights on the sides.  It had a red border.  The color between the red border and the big yellow light on top was grey.  There was one window in the red border.;40.5555;-74.2855
