two stars appear to be moving in figure eight formations.;1996-06-15 21:00:00;1 hour;two stars appear to be moving in figure eight formations. one night some of my friends and i were hanging out in a park at night.  i was about 14 years of age at the time, i am now 22.  we all looked in the sky and seen two stars moving back and forth in a figure eight motion.  Now, these two objects looked exactly like stars, in fact, if they were not moving there would be no way to tell them apart from any other star in the sky.  but these two objects were moving in figure eight motion.  Based on our perspective, and how far away they looked, they were moving at impossible speeds. imagine, seeing an airplane, really high in the sky,it looks like it is barely moving, well these objects were very high up and they were moving very smoothly and Fast, about making a figure eight every second. It was an amazing sight, i will never forget it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.5555;-74.2855
Saw two lights that were not planes.;2010-01-09 18:05:00;nine minutes;Saw two lights that were not planes. I was standing on my porch.  It was 1806hrs EST.  I am in Newark International’s Approach area.  Many planes fly over my house at very low altitudes, while others pass thru the area taking off to other destinations.  I was observing a plane at moderate altitude going into the airport heading east.  At the same time, much further away and off to the left, I saw a white ball of light.  This ball of light was about the brightness of any low star you can see on a night like this.  It moved consistently towards the east until it simply dimmed out of existence.  After the awe of seeing this, I continued to scan the sky from East to West then North.  I saw again another plane very high in the sky traveling west.  Again I saw another ball of light, which brightness measured to a dim star but was moving to the East.  This one I tracked across my horizon (which isn’t much because I lived in the suburbs) and watched it closely to make sure that it wasn’t my equilibrium! .  This ball of light passed constellations until it as well dimmed into the darkness of space.  This is my full account of the incident.  It is currently 1819hrs EST.;40.5555;-74.2855
Pulsing Multi COLOR Object Flying Low  Over Rt1 WOODBRIDGE, NJ;2014-08-26 21:03:00;<3 minutes;Pulsing Multi COLOR Object Flying Low  Over Rt1 WOODBRIDGE, NJ Pulsing multi colored object …...seen  flying  in  from north west and flew over Rt 1 hovered a short time,  shot off to north  Here's a sighting at approx 9:03  pm  on Aug 26  2014 in Woodbridge,NJ near the crossing of   Rt 1 and St Georges Ave ….... after shopping  from local  Shoprite    attention  was drawn  to the north west sky of a  low slow moving light that  was changing colors in sequence, not strobing but steady pulses of red,blue green  and then it would repeat itself.. at first thought it was a helicopter  but when it hovered made a complete tight  circle and  then shot off to the north turning  a solid green I thought otherwise.  My ground  location was aprox ½ mile south   of object    Attempted to stop a few cars to confirm  sighting......... one did stop but he said it was drone..............OBJECT  was totally silent ….................no motor noise  Object was low about 30 degrees off horizon    it  could be covered with my thumb if held at arms length  Object  first appeared from NW   flew east a short time,  hovered   over  a  new  convenience store/gas station on Rt   1   North   made a tight circle then  dove down and  turned a dull green and flew to north Sequence  was red blue green  repeated many times   with vibrant colors  I did take a few grab  shots of the  event with a digital camera and a short  vid, it shows a  cylinder  shaped object  ( when     zoomed  in on computer )and the video shows a blinking fuzzy dot moving north  pulsing  RBG colors  Event lasted approx 3 min from 9:03 to 9:06 pm it was warm and clear about 75 degrees with good visibility …..........object was about 500 ft in  height and moved in controlled  manner .but the colors were so  pure   clear and grouped  and vibrant  for it to be nav lights on a plane or chopper ….....it looked like halogen Christmas lights …....... NOTE:  This   craft appears to mimic the   Colonia, NJ    (WOODBRIDGE  Township )sighting of same date and time, reported in this site …..  my  location was approx  2   miles south of that reported event …..............  Object's flight path was well below the approach pattern of Newark airport   but  UFO  or drone? If it was either they are flying in a  heavily congested airspace with planes on approach to NEWARK  Airport....................THANKS.............;40.5555;-74.2855
2 bright white lights flying NE over Fords, paused in Woodbridge for a unique airshow then the headed south towards Perth Amboy;2016-11-24 19:12:00;5 minutes;2 bright white lights flying NE over Fords, paused in Woodbridge for a unique airshow then the headed south towards Perth Amboy. 2 bright white horizontal parallel lights flying NE passing over Fords.  I pulled car over then reacquired lights now stationary over Woodbridge.  Now one much lower than other.  Lower light then flew straight up almost touching the 2nd light & passed it.  Got on phone to call local friend about lights then once looking up again the lights had traveled south now in Driscoll bridge area & spread further apart & had 2 other different lights in same general area.  The 2 other lights were possibly planes?  Lost sight due to getting low on the horizon & trees.  Got on Rte 9 South to follow but lights were gone.;40.5555;-74.2855
Walking into my office, I watched 2 faint red lights side by side at first moving in a straight line, then very fast figure eight then;2017-04-12 03:45:00;10 seconds;Walking into my office, I watched 2 faint red lights side by side at first moving in a straight line, then very fast figure eight then it disappeared??;40.5555;-74.2855
