Rotating Lights in the sky;2004-11-07 00:00:00;20 minutes;Rotating Lights in the sky At about 12 midnight I had just returned home from picking my wife up from work. I just got out of the car when something in the shy caught my attention. At first I thought it was a spotlight pointed skyward and reflecting off the clouds. But I soon noticed that it appeared to be more than one light. The lights would converge and get slightly brighter. Then they would shoot outward spinning in a counter clockwise motion then coming together again before repeating. It looked to me that there were four of these lights. The lights were soft, diffuse, white in color and would become elongated the further they moved away from their convergence point. My wife saw this also, she called the local police to see if anything was going on in the area but they said no. We live in the country just outside a small town. I did not see any beam of light coming from the ground like you would normally see with a bright light and I would assume you would need a powerful light to illuminate the clouds as these clouds were very high. The only variance I saw with the lights was that sometimes the lights appeared to shoot farther out after coming together. My wife said she thought the lights changed shape slightly but I could not tell. This lasted for about 20 minutes. To be honest I have no clue what these lights were, I wondered if they may have been coming from above the clouds. Anyway, although there is probably a natural explanation for what we saw, we thought it was strange and having never seen anything like this before we wanted to report it.;33.6626;-96.8773
Object flashes after making a high altitude U-turn;2018-08-24 06:00:00;20 seconds;Object flashes after making a high altitude U-turn I was outside with my binoculars around 6am this morning drinking coffee and looking at the sky.  I was specifically looking at Orion's belt, which is visible right now early in the morning.  It was still dark out.  While looking at the center star of Orion's belt, I saw a small light fly by at a high rate of speed.  I followed the light and watched it fly in a southeasterly direction.  I watched it for several seconds.  After about 10 seconds the light stopped and made a U turn.  After the U turn, I brought the binoculars down to see if I could observe the object with the naked eye.  I could not.  I was about to re-acquire the object with my binoculars when I saw a bright flash from the object, just to the left of Orion's belt.  After the flash, I never saw the object again.;33.6626;-96.8773
