Stopped on North Water street just north of Allen Road because one of the four passengers in the car needed to urinate. I was in back l;1977-09-01 23:00:00;Ten Minutes;Stopped on North Water street just north of Allen Road because one of the four passengers in the car needed to urinate. I was in back left seat. While standing outside I noticed a dead silence and calm. I looked up to the north at some stars and as I looked to the east it seemed like there might be a cloud blocking all the starlight but then as I stood very still and looked right at the dark spot I noticed the blackness was in a very well defined wedge-like triangle. I told the other three to look at it and we all three tried to figure out the total absence of light in that one spot. After about two minutes we noticed that our chests/abdomens had a kind of low frequency vibration that kinda felt like it took our breath. A light from the front came on very dim then grew incredibly bright. It then seemed like you could see a front portal with some lights inside. From it's hover position that had not changed at all the shape started to move north very slowly. T! he light, like a trillion candlepower headlight kept growing brighter as the shape sped up to a fast crawl. After about 1/2 to 1 minute the shape was now moving north and slightly up it seemed and was going about 25 miles per hour which seemed like nothing since it looked to be about 90 feet from side to side and about 120 feet long. It kept speeding up to the north and we jumped in the car to follow until we got to Grand View country school and we could see a light out the rear of the craft after it had banked 90 degrees to the east and headed toward Tulsa at an unbelievable speed. It seemed to climb to the upper atmosphere and traveled in an absolutely straight line. We decided not to discuss this with anyone because we knew we would be ridiculed and we never really brought it up with each other. It was a clear night and it seems likek the moon was nearly at new stage because most of the light was from stars. The craft was such a flat black that it's only shape was the la! ck of stars. The air was crisp and clear and the absence of st! ars behi nd the craft made a very well defined shape. The low frequency reverberation inside my chest was the most noticeable effect of the event. The light that came on at the front almost seemed like a regular Q Beam that was powered by a massive energy source but it did keep an almost laser-like tightness. At about one mile the beam was about as wide as the craft. There was absolutely no noise at all from the craft at any point. The low frequency hum was felt and not heard. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate.  PD));35.9077;-94.9904999999999
Triangular shaped object stopped over horse pasture in Tahlequah, Oklahoma in 1977;1977-11-22 23:30:00;five minutes;Triangular shaped object stopped over horse pasture in Tahlequah, Oklahoma in 1977 Stopped on North Water Street two blocks north of Allen Road. Got out of car because rear seat passenger needed to relieve himself.  I stood in road and looked at stars but saw none in an area over the horse pasture on East side of road.  Looked closer and noticed that the blackness had a triangular shape but there was no light at that time.  Absolutely nothing, like the blackness of a deep cave.  There was no sound but the inside of my chest seemed to notice some kind of reverberation that was almost like minute vacuum with some kind of humming feeling.  It looked to be about 500 to 100 feet over the pasture but it was very hard to tell because it would depend on how large it was.  A light came on to the north side at the tip of the triangle that had the flattened edge.  The light seemed to get brighter until you could see it's beam for at least a mile.  The object barely moved forward to the north and almost in a logrhymithic rate continued to speed up to the north.  We watched it move about a mile and followed it to the T in the road where it turned left toward Tulsa and you could see a glow that seemed to envelope the entire object and it kept climbing to the west.   We had to stop near the Grand View school and watched it for what seemed about twenty to fifty miles (about two minutes)until we could no longer see the glow.  Not exactly sure of the date but the time of day is very close.   Do believe it was November of 1977 because it was close to Thanksgiving. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.9077;-94.9904999999999
Triangular, silent, motionless totally flat black craft with front facing light beam.;1978-07-07 22:00:00;7 minutes;Triangular, silent, motionless totally flat black craft with front facing light beam. Traveling north on Vinita Street 1/4 mile north of Allen Road.  Night sky was clear with bright stars but dark due to new moon. Air was warm and wind was calm.  We pulled over on the west side of road to allow a passenger to relieve himself and I decided to stretch my legs. I was looking at the stars when I noticed a dark spot over the horse pasture on the east side of the road. As I looked closer, I noticed that the void was triangular. I asked the other three to look in that direction and we became alarmed as we realized that the total blackness was totally motionless and silent. No way to judge it's altitude but it seemed to be about 400 feet up which would put the dimensions at about 150 feet wide and 180 feet long. We looked at it for about 3 minutes and then noticed a feeling of a soundless resonance in our chests that was like a breeze but also like a vacuum and just then the perimeter of the triangle seemed to start glowing with many dots of a red-oran! ge color. The dots were numerous with approximately two to three dot widths between each dot. *  *  * The craft began to tip upward maybe 5-7 degrees and there was a single sound kind of like an electrical breaker and two front facing headlights began to power up. Not unusually bright at first but gradually becoming so bright that you could see the well defined beam for miles in the night humidity. The north facing craft gradually crept forward only a few feet as the speed seemed to increase log rhythmically. It was about 300 feet ahead when we jumped back in the car and followed. It went about 2 miles and turned 90° left at about 80 mph. We turned left on Grand View Road and followed for a mile by which time the craft seemed to be 20-30 miles away and all we could see was a twinkling light heading west toward Tulsa. There seemed to be a trail behind the craft like the one I saw behind the space shuttle years later as it streaked across Texas toward Florida.  After the initial left turn, the craft maintained a constant course but the original elevation seemed to lessen to ab! out 3°. We then drove off after agreeing not to discuss any talk of our encounter or of UFOs with anyone ever. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));35.9077;-94.9904999999999
Triangle craft with lights at corners moving silently.;2014-11-20 22:00:00;4 seconds;Triangle craft with lights at corners moving silently. I was standing on the front porch at 22:00 hours when I looked up and saw a triangle shaped craft overhead.  It had white lights at each corner and was moving from northeast to southwest silently.  It went behind a tree and within the few seconds it took me to get to the other side of the driveway and into the alley I could no longer locate the object.;35.9077;-94.9904999999999
