sighting,experiences,dreams,my story;2007-07-20 18:00:00;7-9 seconds;sighting,experiences, dreams, my story   Hi my name is ((deleted)) I’m reporting this because I have yet to do an official submission of my case, although I have told Linda Howe my story once before.  My entire life seems to have some connection with ufo’s and although I never realized until my twenties I've always had some sort of connection with the topic. As a child I frequently had dreams of craft mostly black triangles and rectangles with red light at corners, keep in mind these dreams occurred before I knew anything about ufology and only found out later on that these types of craft were really being seen by people. I disregarded these dreams for a long time.  In 1997 my mom and sister had a night time sighting of a dark black sphere with lights moving across its rim over Camp Pendleton marine Base near our house, it wasn’t till then that I began to start taking ufos seriously. Then in 2009 I went to drive to the beach to pick up my friend to go skateboarding that I had a sighting of my own.  I drove to an intersection near the 76 expressway in Oceanside and at the red light I happened to look up.  In the sky I saw a ball of bluish white light doing zig zag’s and then stopping then starting to zig zag again, the entire sighting lasted only about 7 seconds. Eventually the ball of light dropped down behind a mountain and out of view The sky wasn’t fully dark but was getting dark this happened around 6-7 pm.  This sighting further increased my interest and caused me to become an amateur ufologist in my own rite. A few years later in 2009 I became alarmed after some more intriguing experiences that took place in my room.  One night I was awoken at 3:00 am by a loud sparking sound and I looked up and saw a small orb of light shoot trough the corner of my room’s wall.  I’m not saying this object was a UFO but I don’t know what it was, orb, sphere, was it a ghost I have no clue all I know is it probably wasn’t ball lightning.  After the orb incident a few months past and I had a dream the completely rocked my world or at least it might have been a dream……  The following is what I recall from this dream / possible abduction…….I wake up in a foreign alien room, the walls are green and spongy I soon realize I’m not alone and that I’m with other humans all dressed in normal casual clothes and no one is talking and I’m not able to talk, I then realize that there are other beings in the room, these beings are brown humanoids with extremely wrinkly skin, they don’t have any noticeable genitals or sexually features, they have small all black eyes same size as ours but the whole eye is black, they range in height from about 5-6 feet tall, they have no hair, 5 digit fingers and toes like us, no nails, the mouth was hard to see because of the wrinkly skin on their faces.  The beings do not talk or use telepathy they motion to sit down on these bench type things that are almost like grown from the floor, the room is cylindrical and besides the weird benches it’s empty of equipment.  The brown alien guys motion us to site down once we all ! do they begin to project images that seem to float in mid air, the room starts to seem like a theater now, on the images they show peaceful images of the earth and earth life, then the next image will be a negative image of earth floods, war, dead bodies.  They seemed interested in how we felt about these images and the contrasting of the images content. After all this was over we were taken out into a hallway and the last recall I have is walking down this hallway and seeing this rather attractive brunette girl then the memory just stops, like I wasn’t supposed to remember anything else. I know this sounds crazy but I’ve never head another dream this intense and these aliens look like nothing I’ve heard described before and they sure weren’t grays or reptilian or any of the things I’ve heard of in movies.  If this was just a dream then it may be a dream of a real event coming trough.  I’ve sometimes gone to bed and woke up on the couch and other weird things including unexplained marks on my skin.  I don’t really want to say I’m an abductee but the more I learn about it the more and more I feel I fit the category.  Through all of this I'm still quite normal considering these events, but I know how hard it is to express these things so in hopes that others might come forward and hopefully if anyone has seen similar brown beings it would be nice to share.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
