First off, I apologize for the length of the report however, it took quite sometime for me to actually be interested enough to find o;2001-01-01 18:00:00;Minutes;First off, I apologize for the length of the report however, it took quite sometime for me to actually be interested enough to find out where/how to make a report.  Mainly, I have heard many stories in my life of ghosts and UFO's.  I'm not one to believe everything I hear.  Until recently, that's been my view.  So, skeptic?, absolutely, believer?, still working on that one. Here is my past, I've been in the Marine Corps for nine years and 8 months.  I am an operator of a type of Amphibious Assault Vehicle. Google: AAV for more information.  Deployed to the Asias, Iraq and several Floats (stationed aboard Navy Ships).  During these times, I have literally flown in every single type of helicopter that can carry a human being, CH (Cargo Helicopter).  Due to my type of Job, I have come into contact with most AH (Attack Helicopter)types.  Reason why I'm saying this is, I know how they sound.  It's kind of a show-off technique that I can name most Helo's by the sounds of their rotors.  Each one, each type, each speed approximately can be relatively determined by the the sound of the rotors and how many rotors they have.  I can also fairly judge the distance and estimate where and abouts their buddy is, since no single helo can fly alone, there is always a buddy located nearby.  Also, I know what loud vehicles sound like, sounds can identify many things without seeing them.  My times in Iraq fine-tuned my ability to identify sounds, especially while on patrol.  All this being said, here is my account of what I have seen and heard of through my military career. During MCT (Marine Combat Training), approximately 15101999 0200, we experienced an earthquake. My instructor was livid in the morning, his truck which he had parked off the side of the road was rattled off the cliff.  Yes, a cliff.  You can imagine the pain we experienced that morning, he was quite mad.  Later on that evening, the instructors were commenting on the report given by the firewatch during that time.  Apparently, a helo came hovering by at a rapid speed.  When asked how fast, it was fast was given the answer.  Now consider, the Marine was probably 18 and never exposed to such things until then.  So fast in Marine terms: It was flying at ridiculous speed.  I know, I was young once too and would have said the same thing.  Also, he said it made weird sounds and was close enough he could have thrown a rock at it before it dipped into the valley.  Camp pendleton has numerous valley and hills.   Later that day, when asked, no one felt the earthquake and still, no one has really been able to explain how the instructors truck was pushed off a cliff sideways, when nothing else moved nearby.  I would think that if a truck could be rattled and shaken enough to move it sideways, things around us, such as ourselves since we slept on isomats on the ground would have moved also.  I think I would have awoken when I felt another man pressed up against me!  At the time and still to this day, it's a funny as hell story. Looking back though, it's always intrigued me just how...odd it really sounds. Next account, jets don't fly over pendleton unless it's when the President or another very high staff member comes to pendleton.  Due to the runways limited size here, it's a helicopter Air Wing, few planes land on the runway.  Mainly small jet type passenger planes.  So, when something flies over your car, on Basilone road, at the speed of a jet, you take notice.  Especially when it's about a hundred feet over your car.  Basilone road is a road that cuts through base from I-5 to vandergrift rd.  A very long and lonely stretch of road at 2 am in the morning.  That's what time I was Designated Driver to 2 friends coming back from the bar.  This was around Christmas time the same year as the one account prior to this one, 1999. Next account, a close friend borrowed my car to go see his girlfriend in San Clemente.  The drive from Oceanside to San Clemente is about 20-25 minutes on the I-5.  When he came back that night to give me my keys, he said the strangest thing happened, a bright green ball of light flew along the coast, up and over the car, then headed back over to the coast, the entire time heading in a northerly direction.  He said it flew way faster than a helicopter and when it was about 1000 meters off to the side and in front of him, the thing just took off.  Faster than he had ever seen anything go. His girlfriend, now wife, said exactly the same thing and she was totally freaked out.  On a side note, the stretch of highway has few lights where this happened.  What lights there are, do not reflect green off your windows.  That was my first assumption until driving down the same highway several times over the years, at different times, and I have NEVER seen any type of green light reflection.  Only yellow or white. In Okinawa, Camp Schwab, I was snorkeling with several friends at Naha island, about 1000 meters from shore.  I'm sure Naha Island is not the actual name, just our name for it. Naha means south.  There is an area on this island where it's covered and is quite cozy and perfect to have a sort of camp fire party.  In other words, it's canopied and we could have a fire and get very, very drunk without anyone seeing us or caring to swim out there to investigate.   Around midnight, some of us went to the closest cliff to relieve ourselves.  The cliff faced away from base. While, doing this, one of my buddies who was apparently gazing up at the stars in a slight stupor, pointed out, Holy shit man, you see that?  Yes, that is exactly what he said, still funny to this day. We all looked up and about 2000-4000 meters above us,  It's sort of hard to judge distance slightly intoxicated, there were three lights spinning but not spinning...it was like they were rotating about 45 degrees and back again but 75 degrees that time.  Thinking about it now, I don't think it was rotating as in parallel to the ground but was an illusion.  I think now that it was more or less tilting in different directions. What ever it was, if the lights were separate craft, I have never seen helo's do that in such perfect unison.  Odd thing was, it didn't just shoot off, it moved slowly away from base, over the ocean until it was gone. Next account, flying back from Okinawa a few years later, around 2003, I looked out the window of the plane and saw several objects off to our left moving the opposite direction of us.  Probably around a mile.  Could have been planes.  They had to have been larger than C-130's and were definitely not passenger planes, unless they fly escort for one another.  Reason why I know they weren't C-130's, they were large.  Huge would be a better adjective. While in Iraq, I did see a Hercules plane. That was about how big those craft were.  Could have been that but still, I'm pretty sure I would have been able to see the shape of the wings.  Those planes are massive. Either way, I thought I would include this one since it is a iffy situation. Next account, Al Anbar Province, Iraq. I was on a night raid in a village in Bubaydah. I'm sure that spelling is incorrect. I was in the turrent of a Humvee. My LtCol asked me what the hell are those Helo's doing here. This was a very important operation, Helo's do not fly close to a snatch and grab for obvious reasons. My captain got on the hook and radio'ed whoever it is they radio to find out who and why someone was compromising our mission. Radio reply was they didn't know but be advised, jets are inbound. Bebeydah is very very close to the Syrian border, cause for alarm was very just. I was watching the light for about 5-10 minutes. During that specific time, it just sort of moved around, like it was searching for something. It was about 5 miles distant, 1000 meters altitude. It was bobbing and weaving. Acting much the way a Helo would during a sweep mission. Then I noticed, where is his buddy? If it was a Cobra, a Huey would be flying at a higher altitude and a little distance. If it was a Huey, then the cobra should have been able to be seen around it. Cobras are difficult to see unless their light is facing you and at that distance, it would have to face us for us to see it. It could have been there. That's what I was thinking. When the jets arrived, thankfully not over the city, they closed in on the Helo. I swear to this day, I saw them shoot rockets at it. I saw four contrails following the glow of four rockets headed straight for it. I know what rockets look like at night, you can see the smoke through the burn of the rocket, it lights it up, hard to explain typing but, I know what a rocket looks like. When those rockets got close to the Helo, they just lost power and fell. Still moving forward, I'm sure of that, inertia and all but, it was the craziest thing I have ever seen, the burners just stopped, when that happens, usually an explosion can be seen, not this time. They just winked out. When this happened they were about 3 miles away. The Helo, and I'm calling it that because, it could! have be en at this point, started chasing one of the jets. Not really chasing it because it would fly in front of it, behind and then under it. I then realized, this wasn't a helo. Helo's don't fly as fast as a jet, especially maneuvering like that. Common sense does replace rationality eventually. After about 3 minutes of this taunting it flew off. Simple as that, no explosions, only sound was the jets. Eventually, they took off back to where they came from. This occured in 2006. So, that's my experiences. I have heard of many many more. Specifically the lights that follow you and pass you on the I-5 going to LA. I've heard probably 10-20 accounts of that. As I said, I'm a skeptic. Not really one to accept an explanation without hard facts but, I also know, if the facts don't add up, then how do you explain it? I've seen some odd things and usually at the time, I blow it off. The incident in Iraq pretty much made me reassess those situations that I kind of didn't really care about the first time. Thinking back, I should have looked a little closer and took notes a little better. So, I think you should possibly check into sightings over Camp Pendleton, especially along the coast. On another side note, my fiance was telling me about how she saw a craft rise out of the ocean from her house. She on the other hand, fully believes in greys, white's or blues, whatever color they are referred to as. She is a conspirasist to the utmost degree. Needless to say, I really don't take her seriously, but, she apparently has seen some things while living in Carlsbad that she explains as UFO's. She also said something about Illinois but I hate to say, I kind of tune her out after awhile. Thank you for reading this and I hope it somewhat helps you out. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Single bright light in southwestern sky at 75 degrees with single side to side movement and disappearance.;2009-04-04 22:30:00;1 min. 10 secs.;Single bright light in southwestern sky at 75 degrees with single side to side movement and disappearance. Date of Sighting:  April 4, 2009, 10:30 pm Location:  Oceanside, Ca. Observation:  Looking into the Southwestern sky at a 75 degree angle we observed a bright light that moved side to side one time and then a minute later it disappeared. Observers were preteens with interest in UFOs and Astronomy.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
We saw a solid yellowish light with a vapor trail silently pass fade then re-appear.;2010-09-25 21:00:00;20 seconds;We saw a solid yellowish light with a vapor trail silently pass fade then re-appear. Sighting Date and approximate time      9/25/2010 at around 9pm   My family and I were leaving a beach party near the Oceanside pier when my son said “check out that jet”  I looked in the direction and saw what I believed to be a jet with a long bright vapor trail.  It was traveling in a fairly straight line horizontally to the ocean at about 30 degrees flying north to south. The light on the aircraft was a bright yellow and the vapor trail was the same color.  I lowered my widow to be sure that what I was seeing wasn’t a reflection on the window.  Certain it was a jet I turned the car off and expected to here the sound of a thundering engine but it was completely quiet.  As it passed midpoint the light began to fade very similarly to how I’ve seen  satellite fades in the passed so I re assessed it as possibly a satellite reflecting the sun but about two seconds after it faded the light flared up again with what appeared to be a puff of smoke and  slowed down considerably.  The sky was relatively clear however the puff of smoke could have been ! a small cloud that simply wasn’t visible prior to the flare up. As the craft passed silently in front of us it slowly faded once again.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Three orange to red undulating lights above cloud cover, in series, at somewhat regular intervals of five to eight minutes.;2013-04-04 21:55:00;20 minutes;Three orange to red undulating lights above cloud cover, in series, at somewhat regular intervals of five to eight minutes. At approximately 2150 I went out for a walk with the dogs. I’m a habitual star gazer, and was looking at the night sky. A low and light cloud cover with intermittent gaps provided a peaceful view as I walked. At 2155 I noticed, approaching from a northwesterly direction, a bright orange point of light with a slight reddish glare. It was just above the clouds. The intensity of the light undulated and the speed was variable. This was not due to the effect of uneven cloud cover, as it was too thin in the beginning to be the cause. Even in the gaps, where the sky was clear, the color and intensity of the light undulated and the speed varied. The object also moved almost imperceptibly from left to right at irregular intervals, but kept to its trajectory toward the southeast. From the horizon (zero degrees) to approximately 130 degrees (sorry, I can’t calculate angular velocity here), it traveled for about 20 seconds before speed slowed and the light began to fade! . It almost looked as though it was ascending or stopping at the end, but as it moved over thicker cloud cover, I could not discern which. There was no flicker or winking as it faded and disappeared from view, and no noise with the exception of a civilian helicopter in the distance. I called the national UFO reporting center and was interrupted by a second light at approximately 2108.  A second call was interrupted by a third sighting, another five to eight minutes later.  In all three cases, the light appeared from over the northwest horizon and moved southeast, passing directly overhead. Again, there was no noise, slight wavering in direction, slight variation in speed, and dramatic slowing at the end as the light faded. After the third siting, and upon the advice of the gentleman who answered my call to the NRC hotline, I called the FAA Flight Service Station in San Diego, which reported light cloud cover at 1300 feet and very light winds. I called the Camp Pendleton Command Duty Officer, who said there were no exercises on the range that he was aware of. He speculated that illumination from an artillery battery could be the cause, but as a Marine myself, I know of no reason why the 11th Marines would be firing arty illumination over the civilian population more than fifteen miles to the south. (The altitude of such illumination would be much higher than seen as well -- though not as high as illumination launched or dropped by aircraft – in either case, this is definitely not what I saw.) This was not something that looked like any conventional illumination the USMC might use in training. I called the Oceanside Police Department desk sergeant, who said there were no other calls or operations in the area – and frankly I am not sure the Oceanside Police would have any reason to launch flares from a helicopter. The desk sergeant said she would have thought they were flares as well. I want to say these were flares. They looked much larger and brighter than stars, undulating, and fading, but not winking out. The cloud cover prevented a clear, sustained view for the entire arc of movement. These objects seemed to be moving much faster than any flare I have seen, including military grade flares. They were directional and not drifting, and when they faded they didn’t appear to descend at all, but either remained at altitude (above 1500 feet at least) or ascended. If they were flares, they were pretty darn good ones -- just not for ground illumination! Very strange, indeed. Unfortunately, I was unable to capture any images on my iPhone.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
The light cross the sky in about one minute.  The speed of that was unreal.;2015-09-27 20:45:00;30 seconds;The light cross the sky in about one minute.  The speed of that was unreal. I was shooting a time-lapse of the blood moon, when I saw a light going directly to the sky, right in the center of the moon (at least the angle I was shooting)  It was looking a normal airplane, but the speed was anormal.  The light cross the sky in about one minute, so I couldn't see anymore. On the video, is possible to see the light passing first, and an airplane passing after... It's possible to compare the difference of speed from one to other craft.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Had to be a UFO sighting over Oceanside, CA near College Blvd, not military playing Santa.;2015-12-24 09:05:00;20 minutes;Had to be a UFO sighting over Oceanside, CA, near College Blvd, not military playing Santa. Some mysterious object was over the hills maneuvering up and down, hovering, and darting off very quickly at angles.  Disappearing and reappearing again.   All the dogs in area were barking..   Was a red light, and moved like no military aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Light in sky changing color and moving sporadically in relative spot in sky.((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a star.  Anonymous report.  PD));2016-11-10 23:00:00;Continuous;Light in sky changing color and moving sporadically in relative spot in sky.  (Also, streak of light that fell from sky straight down) Light appearing every other night around my area of residence.  I've seen this occurrence twice so far.  It's a very bright and flashing light source in the night sky purple, blue, green, white extremely vibrant colors in no specific order.  Movement is sporadic in speed and direction however, it never leaves the same sector of the sky.  It's behavior is not that of a helicopter, plane, or Drone (it stays constantly moving for an hour+, that's when I have seen it I do have to go to bed and am not able to watch it all night all though I very much long too.)  Movements are not in great spans.  Very subtle I had to carefully watch it in order to assure myself it is really moving and it wasn't a figment of my imagination.  As I currently just continued to watch it a bright blue/white ball/streak fell out of the sky and behind a tree about 15 miles away half the distance of the light in the sky. (please don't think this is a hoax) ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object may have been a star.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Very bright light moving across the sky (zoom in pic, i think a solid craft with the light can be seen).;2017-04-16 20:00:00;2 minutes;Very bright light moving across the sky (zoom in pic, i think a solid craft with the light can be seen). Not too much to report... a very bright light, definitely not a plane, helicopter, lanterns, or even a satellite (which I see often)... brighter than the brightest star, moving smoothly across the sky.  No noise.  No exhaust fumes.  Very high.  I took a couple of pics on the phone camera... the zoom-in pic it looks like they're might be a solid craft with the light. Please feel free to call if you want.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Multiple lights moving into line formation during morning storm over Oceanside;2019-11-28 08:20:00;2-3 minutes;Multiple lights moving into line formation during morning storm over Oceanside This sighting happened this morning, Thursday, November 28th, 2019 at around 8:20am. It looked somewhere northwest over Oceanside, CA. Hard to tell exactly where. I was in the Emerald/College area of Oceanside, so this was maybe over the San Luis Rey Mission area, for my best guess.  The weather conditions were pre/mid storm. There had been some rain this morning and I could see rain coming down in the sunlight over to the east, so I knew there’d most likely be a rainbow. I went outside to look to the west, where there were dark clouds, and could see the rainbow out west over the ocean. As I’m viewing it, some movement catches my eye, just a little more northwest. I can see three lights moving around in very odd and fluid ways. One almost seemed to do a circle or a loop. The others were kind of moving side to side or up and down. None of this was in a rigid type way like what I’ve seen with drones. All movement was very smooth and fluid.  I’m watching these three lights, and my dad was seeing it as well, agreeing it was very odd, and he had no idea what it might be as well. The lights would hover, and at times would fade or dim, and it was hard to track them, as the sky was grey, and they’d kind of fade into the grey. I’m able to see the three lights again, but all of a sudden they just went into formation. The three lights all went into a horizontal row, and two more lights suddenly appeared in this formation. So there were five lights in a row. At times it appeared there could be up to eight lights in a row at times. All moving as if they were one object, kind of up and down or left to right at times, or just hover. This is when the lights would fade out a lot more, then get brighter, and I was having more of a hard time tracking them, or telling exactly how many there were. Sometimes it would seem like more lights would appear, or sometimes change order in this formation.  Eventually after watching what would appear to be a “stereotypical” UFO (a row of multiple lights, not moving in any way I’ve ever seen a plane, helicopter, or drone move) for about a minute, it just disappeared. I didn’t see it zoom off or anything. It’s almost as if it just went invisible.  The weather is now a pretty strong storm, with heavy rains, and I have been hearing thunder. Lightning is expected for this storm as well. I am curious if this is related to the expected lightning storm, as I’ve seen other weird sightings in the sky during storms.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Driving down the interstate going Northbound on I-5 and noticed one object in the sky with a red flashing strobe flying abnormally low;2020-01-08 20:00:00;1 minute;Driving down the interstate going Northbound on I-5 and noticed one object in the sky with a red flashing strobe flying abnormally low and flew across the sky horizontally in excess speed then cut right going away from me.  The object covered many miles then made another right going out of sight in the distance.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
Bright star like light.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus??  PD));2020-03-17 21:30:00;30 minutes;Bright star like light Bright light in direction of ocean, star like. Gets brighter suddenly and moves closer and further away. Moves quickly.;33.2105620192308;-117.321183173077
