Large object seen running N. of FM 1960 bearing W.  It was about 1,000 through 4,000' feet in altitude.  Looked to be between 5-8mi awa;1997-09-24 20:47:00;5-10 sec.s;Summary : Large object seen running N. of FM 1960 bearing W.  It was about 1,000 through 4,000' feet in altitude.  Looked to be between 5-8mi away. I was driving west on FM 1960 about 5 mi.s east of FM 2100.  I had been working on a car and was at this time test driving it.  The event occoured at 20:47.  I was driving and looking at the stars since it was a CLEAR night. (visibility only distorted by minor upper- atmosphere turbulence)  I then noticed the object.  It caught my eye because of it's intense brightness.  I stared at it allowing myself to accuire a good sight of the object.  It possessed the likeness of a comet.  It was shaped as a tear-drop.  It turned out a tremendous light.  Even brighter than the moon on it's most radiant nights.  It's light was pure white with no distortion apparent.  There is a tall radio antenna with warning strobe lights situated on it however, this is not at all what I witnessed.  The object, though described as a comet had none of a comet's properties i.e.  A tail, haze behind the comet, small size and the other distinguishing features of a comet.  The object not only very brigh! t but also seemed to be very low (between 1,000 to 3,000') and able to acchieve great speed.  The object was headed west on about a 280 degree heading.   Although I was driving between 75-80mph it seemed to pull away from me unlike anything I have ever seen.  I attempted to try and keep up with it but I lost sight of it  when The trees alongside the road blocked my vision of the object.   Make note I live near an airport and I used to live near an Air Force base.  I know how planes fly and I know the acceleration an airplane can obtain.  But as this object was 5-8mi.s out.  For an airplane to accelerate such as this thing did it and to dissapear from my field of view it would have to have an extrodinary engine, acceleration rate, and exaust hider (afterburner, it would be needed if this were even to be tried).  I have NEVER seen such a feat.  This event escapes my mind.  I have been made fun of and discredited even by almost everyone, including friends.  Anything you could tel! l me would be GREATLY appreciated!!!! I have tried to find out if something was going on that night, plane problem, U.S. Military trial of new plane but nobody has said anything.  If you have anymore questions I can be E-Mailed at((address deleted)) I would like to try and resolve this matter. I am a very observant person. When I observed the object I was trying to remimber details of it.  I studied it closely in the short time that it remained in my vision. Thank You, ((Name deleted));30.0534;-95.1027
