Very bright lights in the sky that would stop, rotate, fly away, come back...almost like they were playing in the sky.;2009-02-01 21:00:00;30 mins;Very bright lights in the sky that would stop, rotate, fly away, come back...almost like they were playing in the sky. Last night, Sunday February 1st, 2009 my husband and I witness a very bright light in the sky and it looked like it was slowly rotating, but it was staying in the same spot.  Then came 2 more lights.  They were not planes that we normally see in the sky.  One of the lights seems to stop, then turn on a dime and zoom off.  Like it was playing in the sky.  We did capture this on video, but we think we were pretty far away and are not sure if it is worth it to show anyone.  I could copy the disc and send it to someone.  We live in Frankfort, Illinois the lights looked liked they were over Tinley Park or Orland Park, Illinois.  It lasted about 30 to 45 mins.  Bright lights, with sometimes a red light interchanging.  It was pretty cool to see.  This is the second time we have witnessed these lights, planes or whatever it is.  I wish I knew what it was!;41.5094;-87.8248
3 lights (teardrop shape) in a triangle pattern.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly landing lights of aircraft??  PD));2011-02-13 19:00:00;10 minutes;3 lights (teardrop shape) in a triangle pattern Similar to what we reported last year, there were 3 lights and they changed in formation, typically rotating in a triangle pattern. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi!  Sorry I wasn't so detailed, I have a house full of kids with the flu.   Ok, I was looking from my bedroom window toward our back yard (northeast towards the tinley park, il) and right above the tree line I could see three lights.  The lights were in a line and then moved to a triangle formation.  They were in teardrop shape and white, may be yellow in color.     We have seen this once before and we reported this last year as well.  I didn't drive to see what exactly it was  this time because when we did drive to see it last year, we could never reach it and then our very new van started making weird sounds like it was going to break down.  When I say we could never reach the sight, I mean those lights were moving faster than we could get to it.  I have never seen anything like it and where we thought the lights were at, there is farm land only.     I hope that explains more of what I saw.     ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly landing lights of aircraft??  PD));41.5094;-87.8248
