I was in my backyard swimming and I looked up and say a triangle.;1999-06-06 21:15:00;11 sec.;I was in my backyard swimming and I looked up and say a triangle. I has swimming in my backyard when my freind said  what's that. I looked up and saw a black triangle hovering about 40 ft off the gound. At fist I didn't see any lights, but then about three seconds later, I saw three white lights go on. Then two seconds later I saw three red lights go on, and then it started looking blurry, and took off faster then anything I've ever seen.;41.5094;-87.8248
3 lights in a triangular formation in the north sky;2004-08-21 22:00:00;45 minutes;3 lights in a triangular formation in the north sky I live in Frankfort IL.My wife and I were sitting on a neighbor's patio the evening of August 21st. We had just finished our block party.While we were chatting, I noticed 3 red lights in the sky just to the north of us. We were facing West, but I saw them out of the corner of my eye. So I faced North to get a better look. I watched them for a good 45 minutes.  One light was at 12 o'clock, one at 6 o'clock and one at about 7 .The objects were at a 45 degree angle from where I was standing.  It seemed to be about 5 or 6 miles away. I am on about 205th and 80th Ave. I didn't hear anything, but after we left the neighbors, I kept watching from my kitchen window. They seemed to get dimmer, and the one at 7 o'clock was now even with the one at 12. Then they just kind of faded.  The lights were very bright at first, kind of like the ones on the power lines.;41.5094;-87.8248
Triangle UFO in Frankfort ILLINOIS;2009-04-01 18:50:00;2 hours;Triangle UFO in Frankfort ILLINOIS I was in Frankfort Illinois (suburb of Chicago)Me my fiance and my friend Ashley were driving down us 30 and we saw strange lights in the sky we stopped at the stop sign and watched the lights turn into a bright red(the 3 corners were at least) Triangle with a red light off the side. As we were watching it it would turn directions while the triangle maintained its shape. At 6:55 pm I called Frankfort, IL 911 they said that there was multiple calls regarding the sightings. So I did the only thing I could, as I had no camera besides my camera phone which was not a very good at taking clear picture. So I started driving towards the UFO to get a better shot from a closer distance. after 30 miles we were into Indiana and the UFO was just a little too far out of Camera Range. While we were driving towards Indiana There was a lot of people sitting on the side of the road taking pictures. I never stopped to get any numbers and I would love to be able to contact those people. As we were driving into Indiana. The lights dimmed down as we saw 6 lights coming out of the south the strobe colors on the new lights were RED WHITE AND BLUE and they were fast movers. I think they were the air force because they circled the area for over an hour. I called all of my friends and family that were in the area and they went outside to look but they were too far away at the time. I also called channel 2, 5, & 7 news and they said that they would look into it through the police blotters. I left my number and so far I haven't gotten a call back. But I'm hoping that someone comes forward with pictures or videos that we can submit to the UFO hunters or the news. I never got a good picture of the Craft but we saw the objects for over 2.5 hours. The lights on the craft would switch from red to a bright orange about an half inch wide in the sky which is pretty big. there is no way this could be an airplane or a weather balloon or flares, because the lights would go out for a while then go back to a higher intensity and change color but it always kept the same formation. I lived outside of a air force base and have seen a lot of different aircraft flying and I have never seen anything like it. It reminded me of the '05 Tinley Park, IL sightings (which i saw too after my friend called me to look outside) If anyone has any pictures or videos please submit them. I am sorry I don't have any pictures but I will review the video some more and see if there is anything good on it. Thank you;41.5094;-87.8248
Multiple Crafts (7-8) - 3 Super Bright White Spot Lights w/Shooting/Flickering;2010-02-19 19:55:00;15 - 20 minutes;Multiple Crafts (7-8) - 3 Super Bright White Spot Lights w/Shooting/Flickering Traveling in a car, for the entire duration of our trip, we witnessed a super bright white light in the sky.  I was curious as to what it was since it was not moving, but standing completely still in mid-air, too high in the sky to be a cell phone tower.  As we proceeded to get closer, the light, we noticed, was actually 2 spot lights.  At that point we thought it was a plane, the lights being the 2 wing lights.  I began to notice a shooting type light, flickering from side to side, from one white light to the other.  I know that a plane's wing lights flicker, but they don't shoot across the plane's wings!  At this point, I was sure it was an alien craft.  I kept my eye on this thing the whole trip, and as we came to the stop light, we were directly beneath it, as it hadn't moved the entire time we were driving.  I actually rolled the window down and looked up into the sky to witness yet another light, which formed a perfect triangle with the other 2 light! s, and was sitting still in the sky as of yet.  I said to my friend, This is a UFO, an alien craft!  As I said this, the craft then (after 15 minutes of keeping my eye on it) began to move slowly with the wide end of the triangle as the front of the craft, shooting lights and all, and headed south toward the Monee/Peotone area.  I took my eyes off of the craft and then immediately noticed 6 or 7 more identical lights in the sky around the Frankfort/Mokena/Tinly Park area.  They were the same color, brightness, and height as the previously seen craft.  They looked just like the first one before I was close enough to see the shooting light.;41.5094;-87.8248
Three red/orange objects in tight triangular formation flying low and slow north to south.;2013-05-11 23:00:00;2 minutes;Three red/orange objects in tight triangular formation flying low and slow north to south. Approximately 11 PM on 5/11/13 while walking my dog I noticed 3 objects, each were red/orange lights and appeared to be flickering.  They were just over the tree tops as I faced east and they were moving from north to south in unison and in a perfect triangular, tight formation at a constant slow speed.   There was no sound.  They were low about as low as private prop planes or helicopters fly and speed slightly slower than these fly.  They were probably only several hundred yards apart from each other.   There was only black night sky in between the objects.  Their north to south movement was steady and then their direction angled southeast away from me and one disappeared, leaving one bright and one dim until the second of three disappeared leaving one until that disappeared.   The duration was about 2 minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.5094;-87.8248
