Formation Lights southwest of phoenix area;2005-10-26 20:45:00;1-2 mins;Formation Lights southwest of phoenix area Hello i am a pilot. I was flying patterns at the Eloy Airport just south of phoenix. While in the downwind for runway 2 I noticed that there was 6-7 amber lights in to the southwest of the airport. I am guessing that they were ranging from 9000MSL to 12000MSL in a formation pattern sloping up from left to right. I believe that they were around 20-50 miles away hard to tell.   A while after i spotted them they slowly started to disappear from left to right one by one. There was two of us and we both saw these objects. I just got home a couple of hours ago and started to do some research on this and found the phoenix lights.  My sighting was very similar.  One last thing i dont know if this has any relation but a couple of mins after the lights we witnessed what looked like a small meteror or something of that sort about 100-200 yards from the aircraft.  There were some other aircraft in the area anyone else see anything? ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and we found him to be an exceptionally good witness.  He provided a seemingly quite accurate azimuth to the lights, which suggests to us that they could have been over the Gila Bend Firing Range.  PD));32.7509;-111.5833
Strange Lights in the Sky over Arizona City.;2006-11-05 19:45:00;30 Minutes;Strange Lights in the Sky over Arizona City. I was outside my house turning on the water for the plants and I saw an object in the sky that lit up like the fourth of July with blue,green,yellow, red, and it was super bright. I took a second look and I saw two objects. One was two bright off white lights and the other was a object with many colors. When the lights would go dim I could see two orange lights. I stood on top of my car to see over the fence and just watched it for about 5 minutes and then decided I needed to go for the camera. I went in the house and got my camera and then saw it was moving farther away from me. It was right over Arizona City which is right next to Eloy. I know many people had to see it. I hopped in my SUV and chased it through the desert to get more close to it. I finally got on Batagglia road and chased it for about another 8 miles and caught up to it. I was going 80 MPH and so was the craft. It was located just up and to the left of me in the sky about 200 yards off the ground. I ran out of road and was forced onto a dirt road. I came across a group of horses that seemed to be rather alarmed becuase they were running really fast and sketchy. I drove for about a mile on the dirt road and stopped and opened up my sunroof. I proceeded to film the object in the sky. You can clearly see the orange lights and the spinning lights in the middle of the craft. I saw the object two weeks later but this time my wife was with me. I will email the video clips to Peter.;32.7509;-111.5833
