The object went from relatively still to disappeared from sight in 2 seconds.;2012-04-23 21:54:00;1 minute or less;The object went from relatively still to disappeared from sight in 2 seconds. I was sitting on my lanai near my pool outside at 9.45 pm.  I had just gotten home from work, and was kinda of watching the clouds rushing across the sky pretty fast, lot of wind, it was blowing maybe 15-20 with some gusts around 30. Not incredibly unusual but a maybe a little unusual. I always look at the stars, anytime i can, we see a lot of shooting stars where i live, there isnt much light pollution especially when looking westward, we are on the Gulf of Mexico so basically its a black out. I noticed a line of four lights, vertical, which at first were all white, then as drew closer could distinctly see 4 colors, blue white, red and yellow. keep in mind they were all white-ish but they had distinct like almost florescent tone to them like a reddened white and so forth. The craft, I guess i have to assume it was a craft as it came within maybe 2 miles of me also had noticeable light beams nothing different than you might see coming out of a helicopter in t! hree rays on both top and bottom of the cylinder. I couldn't say if they were actual beams or just light reflection like from the four lights, but why would there only be three? and on top and bottom. I watched it clearly for maybe 15 seconds or so and noticed it start to turn (the light arrangement went slanting, like it was turning sideways they went from vertical to maybe 15 degrees from horizontal.  I ran inside to get my roommate off the couch it was clearly moving away, we came out maybe 10 seconds later and i could see it faint really fast, like impossible speed.  I watch planes, jets, helicopters all the time at night, they move maybe like 120 times slower than this thing did. I am making my calculation on this assumption. A normal helicopter moves maybe 150- 225 mph, a commercial jet plane, flies around 500-600 mph, we have air-force and navy jets within a hundred miles in two directions that zip through quite often around 2000 mph. When i watch a jet it will enter! and leave my sightline in about 15 -20 seconds, a jetliner ta! kes mayb e 45 seconds to a minute to go across the sightline. This thing was basically not moving at all, just sitting there, and then when it started to move it went from motionless to gone from sight in about 2 seconds. Roughly at the minimum 5 times faster than 2k is mach ten, we have nothing remotely that fast in the sky. The fastest jets in the world go 6k mph. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD));25.9334;-81.6895
