I am going into my 4th year of university to become a teacher and work for the city of Elliot Lake under their summer student program a;2008-05-30 09:10:00;25 sec;I am going into my 4th year of university to become a teacher and work for the city of Elliot Lake under their summer student program and today I am forever changed.   This morning around 9am, in overcast weather I was waiting to dragged the infield of Glenden Park's rookie ball diamond because my partner in the other trackter was air-rating it.  I was parked in the outfield and I noticed a very fast moving red dot in the sky, I followed it for about 90 degrees of travel and the red light grew bigger and changed into a blue flicker/flame.  I ran to alert my partner about this fire in the sky but was unable to take my eyes of it or get their attention over their vechile.  The light turned and began swirling the clouds in opposite directions and then two wings appeared with bright yellow slits.  It may not be wings because the clouds were moving so intensely, unlike anything I have ever seen and thus were blocking the middle of the UFO.  However,  the object moved closer and I observed the yellow slits to be vents sucking in the clouds, or atleast the cause of the cloud distruption.  It moved through the sky towards me unlike any thing possible, did not make a sound, moved downward slightly then dissapeared.  I ran and stopped my co-worker's progress and as they disembarked their trackter, the UFO appeared seemingly above us, very large for only brief second or two before dissapearing.  I drew it's picture and wrote down what occured immediatley on the back of my vechile checklist for daily inspections.  I radio-ed my boss to tell him what conspired and all 45 city employees think I am lying, or saw something that wasn't what I described.  It was a brief enouncter but it was the most interesting, intense, and scariest moment of my life.  To give the exact description the blue flame / flickering light was on top in the middle of the oval craft, and I could only see the bright yellow vents sucking up or pushing away all the clouds.  The turbelance from the vents made it impossible to distingu! ish the what the middle and majority of the craft looked like.  I believe that the two wings are not two wings but one long line of bright yellow vents, and like I said earlier the clouds were moving in a way I thought not possible.;46.3853999999999;-82.6280999999999
