The craft seemed to be darker in color, possibly grey/black, or a charcoal color but stood out from the color of the clear night sky;2004-09-12 23:10:00;15 seconds at most;The craft seemed to be darker in color, possibly grey/black, or a charcoal color but stood out from the color of the clear night sky It was roughly 23:10. The sky was finally clear after the rain and overcast for the most part of the weekend.  I was outside of my girlfriends parents’ house having a cigarette and enjoying the peacefulness of the evening before heading off to bed.   After leaving the side-door of their house, I turned North (left) to go to the back yard.  Before I got all the way into the back yard, I paused and lit my smoke.  I then went to the fire pit (about 15 steps from door) and sat down on a bench.  I noticed that there were an extraordinary amount of stars in the sky and I couldn’t help but look, however, I could not get the glare from a near by streetlight out of my eyes so I went and stood in the shadow of a big willow tree directly behind the house to gain a better view. It only took about 30 seconds of me being in the shadows until I seen this thing.   I was standing with my body facing North, North-West.  From where I was standing, to my left was a wooden fence found in most residential areas and to my right was a large willow tree.  Now, also from where I was, I could not see the horizon.  I could see the roof of the neighbors 2 car garage directly in front of me, behind the fence, and a row of 4-5, 50 foot Pine trees in the neighbors yard across the alley to the north. Now, as I was looking up, out of the north I heard a whooshing sound like a light breeze going through the tops of the trees or light winds blowing through taller grass.  I turned my head right and to my astonishment I seen flying from behind the trees a black triangle with 3 dimly lit orange lights on the base of it.  It moved from North to South West.  It did not make any noise.  I could see this was a 3-Dimentional object as it flew across the sky because the tail of the triangle looked like it had depth, it had what looked like columns that extended up from the base (at different angles to create X's or Diamonds) to a lip and what I would think is another surface (the top of the craft).  As it flew from my right to left I could not see depth in the 'nose' as it was too dark and I feel the color of the craft may have blended with the night sky but I feel it could have depth as well.  As it was in front of me, I could make out a distinct triangular shape by the light reflecting off the bottom of the craft from either the lights on the ground or the 3 orange lights on its base.  As it moved farther to my left, that’s when I could make out the tail-end and suggest that it is, in fact, 3-D.  The triangle flew like an arrow head with a point in the front. It took about 10 seconds to cover what I would estimate to be about 150KM of sky. I could only see it as it came out from behind the trees until I lost it in front of the neighbor’s house.  I wanted to go to the front and keep an eye on it but I was petrified, literally scared stiff.  I could not move. The craft seemed to be darker in color, possibly a dark grey/black, or a charcoal color but stood out from the color of the clear night sky once a person got a bead on it. I would think it was the size of an average house but am not sure as it was some distance away (the tail-end suggested the size of a Greyhound bus).   It also seemed to be distinctly blurry or hazy compared to the sky when it was moving.  I had to ‘catch-up’ to it with my eyes at least 2 times. At an arms length away, it was about the size of a book of matches and quite similar looking if you were to look at one moving from right to left at an arms length. I have made a few sketches for memory but it was quite an interesting experience I do not suspect I will forget this night for a long, long time.;54.1481;-113.8737
