Constantly viewing organisms or unidentified object with a telescope...much activity---;2008-04-10 22:00:00;10 days;Constantly viewing organisms or unidentified object with a telescope...much activity--- Over the past few months, I have noticed anonymities in the sky with blue, yellow and red lights. These objects were observed with the naked eye. Their initial appearance is a star in the sky however, I viewed what appeared to be flashing lights which were red, yellow and blue. It appeared in a pattern of blue, yellow, and red. At first, I figured they were helicopters. After viewing these objects evening after evening, I used a low end set of binoculars to view these objects. I viewed serpentine shaped structures moving like a serpent. A program recently played on the history channel UFO Hunters played an episode of a video recording of a similar structure filmed by a local resident. One must realize I had never viewed the program until after my observations of two to three months. I have used a method using reference points in regards to the objects which proved to be moving, but not in the traditional sense of UFO's. I am not for sure if it is an aircraft or living organism. I have reently purchased a telescope and have viewed these objects. These objects are pie shaped which is evenly segmented into an estimated 10+/+ slices. The color is opaque with which has the appearance of electrical flashes and the three light spectrums are viewed. It appears to be spinning. They do not move rapidly across the sky (appearance of yellow stars on first observation, then one can view the three flashing colors if paying attention)), but sometimes move out of the telescope fixed and locked position. I must adjust the telescope fixed and locked settings to re~obtain the object in the viewing lens. This supports the object is moving. The objects can move vertical or horizontal and are there for up to 4 to 6 hours.  There is always very active chemtrail activity however, my chembusters have provided me views of the objects while the skies are complete haze around my vicinity. I am positive what I am seeing is not terrestrial. I have never seen anything like it. I am seeing these objects every time the sky is clear.  I am a strong believer of science and have a very technical/technology back round. Something is going on and I would love to understand it all. I am continuing my observations and educating myself on this matter. Also, I am a six year veteran whom maintained air traffic control radar systems for air craft carriers. I spent 4+ years on a nuclear aircraft carrier and have observed many aircraft and how they appear from a distance. The object I viewed was nothing like I have ever;36.0901;-78.4517
Slow, bright spinning light bar flying below 600 ft.  Witnessed on Hwy 96.;2017-01-11 21:00:00;3 minutes;Slow, bright spinning light bar flying below 600 ft.  Witnessed on Hwy 96.;36.0901;-78.4517
