Circular metallic gray object in the sky in front of me appeared for about 1 second.;2003-11-22 11:30:00;1 second;Circular metallic gray object in the sky in front of me appeared for about 1 second. I was travelling south on Interstate 75, north of Calhoun, Georgia.  I happened to look up and to the left of my windshield and saw a circular object for just an instant. It was moving from right to left (west to east) and when it disappeared, it was like slipping a quarter into an envelope.  The object was a metallic gray and did not emit any lights.  It was just there and then gone.  I looked as well as I was able to and saw nothing else.  The portion of the sky the object was in was cloudless. I am 56 years old and have never before seen anything like this until now. I would like to know if anyone else saw this object.;34.4993;-84.9373
Strange large bright hovering unexplainable object in north georgia sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus sighting.  PD));2007-10-29 05:45:00;Sunday night, early monda;Strange large bright hovering unexplainable object in north georgia sky. I first observed the light on my way home from my girlfriend’s house early Monday morning.  It was around 4:45 am and I was going home to get into my work clothes and go to work.  I noticed it because it was so unbelievably bright I’m talking if you were on the road that night or morning you seen this darn light if looking into the sky.  I also started to notice that it sort of changed colors a bit maybe wrote it off as a satellite or planet until I noticed that it didn’t move at all just kind of hovering in one spot.  Other people observed this event as well, my friend/coworker called me today (Tuesday) and was telling me he had caught this strange light in the sky Sunday night on video.  He is going to school for film and graphics design I think, so he really knows what he’s doing when it comes to filming.  As I was sitting in my car waiting for my boss to arrive to work (I work at a local retail store) I kept watching the light.  It appeared to me that it was sparkling or possibly blinking the main color was white but it was entirely too bright and large to be a star.  I also heard another opinion from the same coworker that documented the experience, that it looked as if it held some form of being he described it as an “angel”.  I wouldn’t go as far as to report this if I thought it was a star/planet/gas/or aircraft so I’m asking for a possible explanation as I think this was possibly something from out of this world. Another worthy mention would be that my manager also seen the light and had noticed it on her way to work as well and we sat there outside of work to stare at it for a moment it was quite odd. It didn’t move at all almost as if it was just hovering or watching over us.  The best way I can describe it is a large obviously strange bright object sitting out of place in the sky and it sometimes changed colors even said to look as if it was housing or transporting a being or extraterrestrial being if you will. I got the feeling I was being watched quite an interesting unexpl! ainable experience. That’s all I can really say, thanks for anyone who takes interest in this true, even documented event.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus sighting.  PD));34.4993;-84.9373
No word processed sorry. I'm in Calhoun ga I live estimate not address off dews pond towards country. ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2014-12-31 04:59:00;20 minutes +;No word processed sorry.   I'm in Calhoun, GA.  I live estimate not address off Dews Pond towards country.  This thing has been just still and flashing in circle red, blue, white and it looks like green as well.   I have seen a total of 5 craft since moving here 4 years ago one my son saw with me but that one was with another playing games it seemed.  This one I don't think has any other around it but it sure is flashing like crazy now for 25 min.;34.4993;-84.9373
