Triangle object with smaller craft behind;2005-06-23 02:00:00;20 min;Triangle object with smaller craft behind I live in the country, outside of Atlanta, about one hour. I was letting my 2 dogs out to go potty before going to bed. Every once and a while I will see falling stars and airplanes traveling from the airport, Hartsfield. Anyway on this night I saw a triangle shaped object with 3 lights at each point, it was moving very slow and much closer to the ground than the other commercial aircraft, there was a smaller object moving behind the larger triangle. The smaller object was moving back and forth (left to right) with a lot of blinking lights on it, whereas the triangle was moving slow and steady south to north east, no blinking lights on the triangle. It was silent until it passed, then I heard what sounded like normal engine sounds. I am not sure what I saw, I just know that I have never seen anything like those two objects before. I saw the mention of this web site on the National Geographic episode about UFO's with Peter Jennings, so here I am. I have read other reports of triangle objects on your web site, however none had a smaller craft/object tailing the triangle. If your know of any other objects like this let me know. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));34.4993;-84.9373
Triangular lights, perfectly equilateral, moving in strange directions and slowly spreading out as if descending.;2010-05-01 23:00:00;20 minutes roughly;Triangular lights, perfectly equilateral, moving in strange directions and slowly spreading out as if descending. This was right after my high school graduation.  I had went over to a friends house and we were celebrating, I was not under the influence of any drugs or alcohol. At the time I was 17 about to turn 18.  I was with my friend named ((male name deleted)), who is of the same age.  At the time we were your typical high school students, full of energy and ready to tackle life. It happened when we were out on his back deck.  We were rather bored, and it was beautiful night, the stars were shining very bright and as we lived in a rural area away from any major cities we could see them more than most people. It started when I was stargazing out on the deck, and happened to notice an equilateral triangle in the sky (composed of lights).  As I had never noticed any perfect triangular constellations it really peaked my curiosity.  I maintained gaze on this figure for quite some time and I realized that it was moving. It was moving back and forth in ways that a normal aircraft wouldn't, left to right and up and down, repeating the same motions.  I eventually signaled to my friend ((male name deleted)) that I thought I saw something weird and asked him if he could see it too.  He said he did. At this point the triangular shape started to descend, or I assume it did as the equilateral points of the triangle began to spread out very slowly. We watched it for a good 15 minutes before my friend ((male name deleted)) said, I'm going in, quit staring at it, you're bringing it closer to us.  He then went inside genuinely scared that we were causing it to come to us. Shortly after I decided to go in with him as I thought he was right and me being foolish and young didn't investigate further or continue to gaze at it. I should also mention that there was a strange feeling of telepathy, as though the object knew that I was looking at it. That is all, thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.4993;-84.9373
Triangular Jet-Propelled UFO Sighting 5x, Same Area.;2012-11-30 21:00:00;10 seconds;Triangular Jet-Propelled UFO Sighting 5x, Same Area This same craft has been over our house, going in the same path 5 times in the last year that I have noticed and always at dark.  Today, is the first day we got outside quick enough to see it.  This was a triangular jet-propelled air craft with two orange lights at the points in the back and one orange light in the front.  It seemed to hover for a moment and then jet off.  It was VERY close to our house.  It sounded like it was on the roof!  It appeared to be a dull silver color that blended in with the night sky.  It was flying way too low for an aircraft of this size and moved way too fast.  There was only one, and it is ALWAYS going in the same flight path.  There are NO airports in this area, especially for a jet!  My mom has seen bright lights in this same area 10 years ago, and she had never told anyone until I shared my experiences.  There is definitely some activity going on in this area!;34.4993;-84.9373
UFO object followed us over 5 miles and then when I returned home was seen again across from home.;2014-02-14 06:25:00;40 minutes;UFO object follwed us over 5 miles and then when I returned home was seen again across from home. I was taking my brother to work at approximately 6:25 AM and shortly after leaving home we noticed the bright light in the sky.  Knowing that it was not a star or plane we quickly pulled over to the side of the road.  We saw that it had a very faint triangular shape (which is hard to see in the videos) with a bright light in the middle that occasionally got bigger and put off sort of a blur.  The object basically was staying in the same spot except moving slightly very quickly back and forth and up and down.  After a few minutes we had to go because he was going to be late so upon leaving we noticed the object following us. We pulled over again for a minute and in the beginning of my second video you can see just as we were stopping the object following.  We sit there for a few seconds and then started again and sure enough the object was following again as you can see in the video. When I got close to his work the object had stopped but still in sight. After my ! brother went in to work I proceeded to video some more and this time in the middle of the video as it flashed a kind of blur it made a sound that can be heard. After that I went back home which is about 5 miles but to my surprise as I got out of the car I noticed it again in the now blue morning sky. It was just across from my home high in the sky. I was shocked that it seemed to have followed me back to my house. I decided to quickly get the camcorder in my home and started videoing again and this time I could zoom in closer to get a better look and you can see it zipping back an forth as I watched. In a few minutes it then went slowly higher in the sky and disappeared. I have never seen anything like that before in my life and was kind of shocked at the fact of it following us and then to see it again after returning home was even more strange.;34.4993;-84.9373
