Eye contact with Creature;1992-06-21 21:00:00;1-2 minutes;Eye contact with Creature This happened nearly 20 years ago but is forever fresh in my mind. June 21st 1992 - Southern End of Conesus Lake near Joy Rd. in western NY - USA It was a beautiful summer day filled with waterskiing and fishing with my college sweetheart.We cooked out on the grill at about 7:30pm EST and dinner was ready at about 8pm. Just as our meal was ready to eat, it very suddenly began to rain very hard, like someone had flipped a switch. It had been hot and sunny just previously. We quickly grabbed the food off the grill to avoid getting too wet and ate indoors. About 9pm we sat in my car while parked in the driveway to have an after dinner cigarette, as that I had promised not to smoke in my father’s cottage. I was seated in the driver’s seat and she was in the passenger seat. The front door of the house was located about 3 feet directly off the passenger door of the car. The front door had 3.5’x2.5’ glass pane window with curtains.Very suddenly, the rain just stopped.It was suddenly deafenly quiet compared to the rain pounding very hard on the hood of my car. I had the strange “sensation” that something had just fallen from the sky nearby. It made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. About 10 seconds later, when I turned my head to the right to face her and comment on the strange weather I saw the creature in the window of the house. It was inside the house holding the curtain back making eye contact with me. It was huge. It was crouching yet its head was still only inches from the 9’ ceiling of the room. I estimate that it must have been over 15’ tall when standing erect.  It’s hand holding the curtain back was as large as the window.  It’s  skin was black and shiny but not wet or slimy. It was very muscular and predatory looking. It had a snout about 6-9” long and had pointed incisor like teeth throughout its entire mouth. It’s eyes were very human looking and seemed to denote a  very focused look of sentience and/or intelligence. My mouth dropped and I froze. It seemed that even with the two doors between us we were already much too close (about 3-5 feet away) for safety sake.  It was clearly some kind of predator of great physical power. I didn’t make a sound. This went on for about 30 seconds. I was making direct eye contact with it. When my college sweetheart  finally turned to see what I was staring at, her immediate reaction was to turn back toward me and start punching m! e in the arm screaming “just drive away!” over and over again. This shocked me back to my senses. I started the car and peeled out of the driveway immediately. As I drove away I saw it running down the road in pursuit of us, but it seemed to “phase” in and out… almost like a bad TV reception. She saw it too. I drove very recklessly to put some distance between us. It worked but even so I continued to “feel” like we were being watched. We talked about what we saw but didn’t know what it was or what to make of it. We were too scared to return back to the cottage that evening. I dropped her off at her parent’s house and then drove to Geneseo NY. I still “felt” like I was being watched. I ran into a friend walking down the street and told him the story. He wanted to see it. I reluctantly drove him there. When we got there he too could “feel” the “vibration” and was now too scared to go inside the house. I however felt that I hadn’t come for nothing and also wanted to turn off the lights and lock the doors of the cottage. When we went inside! the “vibration” was much stronger and we both found it difficult to breathe.  I felt like I was being stalked. After about 5 minutes we left. I still “felt” like I was being watched. For about a week I still “felt” like I was being watched. Even at times even threatened. I was very scared. I felt like I was being followed. I finally couldn’t take it anymore, instead of being afraid – I got mad! I wanted to challenge it, wanted to physically fight it. That’s when it stopped and I never saw it again.  I still remember it like it was yesterday, even though for a long time had not a clue as to what it might have been. I just knew it wasn’t of this world. That’s all I knew. About a year ago I saw a sketch drawing on the internet and it was exactly what I saw.  It was from a conspiracy site dealing with Annunaki/Nephilim ideas. I still don’t really know but have the distinct feeling that it’s not over.;42.7244;-77.6786
