Bright white light. No FAA lights observed. Moved about 20% faster than the jets I usually see.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS sighting?  PD));2006-07-07 22:00:00;1 minute;Bright white light. No FAA lights observed. Moved about 20% faster than the jets I usually see. Clear skies, moon was almost full. I saw a light as bright as Jupiter moving SSE (away from me) about 20% faster than the jets I see. I went inside and got binoculars and returned to observe. The object was a bright white light. It had no FAA lights at all. There was another plane or jet in that quadrant of sky and I could make out its FAA lights clearly. The object moved behind some trees so I rushed forward to observe it further. I only lost sight of it for about 3 seconds while I moved but it had disappeared by the time I should have had line of sight. I don't think it was sunlight reflecting off a fuselage as the sun had been down for too long. It wasn't a satellite (I note those often) this was much much brighter. I am an avid skywatcher and this is the first time I've seen something I couldn't identify. Tonight, (7/16/06) my wife and I observed an object that could have been the same one. I'll file that sighting next. I give you my word as a Texan that this is the truth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  ISS not visible from Kansas for the date indicated.  It was visible on July 6th and 8th.  PD));37.1438;-98.0243
Bright white light, moving North. Faded from view on a clear night.  ((NUFORC Note:  Not ISS was not visible on this date.  PD));2006-07-16 23:45:00;30 seconds;Bright white light, moving North. Faded from view on a clear night. Skies clear, no moon. My wife and I observed a white light, as bright as Jupiter, to the West. It was moving North. No FAA lights or flashers, just a bright white light. I went inside to get binoculars. I was gone for seven seconds (I counted). When I returned, it was gone. My wife said it had just faded away rather than blink out or zip away. I reported an object very similar to this about a ten days ago. I am an avid skywatcher and know the planets, planes, and often watch satellites. This was much brighter than a satellite. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS not visible from Kansas for this date.  PD));37.1438;-98.0243
