2 sets of 5 or 6 red tumbling lights move steadily across southern sky.;2008-10-08 18:45:00;3 min;2 sets of 5 or 6 red tumbling lights move steadily across southern sky. Sitting on patio just after dusk, noticed two large odd moving sets of 5 or 6 red lights going from East to West in the extreme southern sky appearing about 40 degrees above the horizon.  Just sitting talking, I noticed that these objects were in a strange tumbling appearance and no sound, no blinking, just red lights that moved in a strange silent geometric pattern.  We see plenty of aircraft, both military & civilian, and this looked like none of that.  Neither of us could make out just how these lights were attached because of the way they 'tumbled'.  The other witness thought the lights looked like they were rotating in a circle, but I thought they looked sort of like tumbling cubes with each red light at the cubes corners.  We could not see any body, just these slow moving silent oddly tumbling lights crossing the sky.  It took several minutes for the lights to go out of view in the SW sky.  They moved very steadily and with no obvious perpective (like wings or landing light).  They were very large looking together, but with no sound at all, it was difficult to tell how far away they were.  They moved so slowly we had time to discuss what we were looking at and over the course of minutes, we couldn't figure what it was we were lookint at.  From top to bottom there was a large span and from side to side as well, but they looked like they were equidistant from each other at all times. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.4443000000001;-71.5316999999999
Two White Lights Fly Simultaneously WNW to EAST;2011-03-07 18:50:00;30-60 sec.;Two White Lights Fly Simultaneously WNW to EAST Saw the moon earlier as a crescent setting perfectly, so I went out about 6:50PM with the dog in the yard to take a better look at the moon.  I walked into the middle of my yard about 50 yards from the house, and saw two bright lights traveling from the WNW travelling East almost directly.  The two lights were travelling at identical speeds with no perterbation or change in speed.  The lights were just white but about 20 to 50 times brighter than Sirius, which was clearly visible behind me.  They traveled at identical speeds about two-thirds through the sky when they faded into blackness.  At that point, they were quite bright, and took about 2 seconds to fade.  As they faded, one faded, then the other as it approached the exact same place in the sky, then faded and disappeared.  As it faded there seemed to be a moment where it appeared (on both lights) that there was a glowing ring that could have been pointing down either toward me or toward the earth.  Bu! t the fade to darkness was strangely slow.  As the two lights traversed the sky, a typical satellite passed right through the line between the two crafts.  I often see satellites in the yard on clear nights.  This light was much much smaller than the two lights that were moving throught the sky.  I could actually compare them as they appeared very close in the sky at the same time. There were planes visible in the sky at the time as well, both far and near.  I live in the landing path of Providence airport and see the planes very commonly.  These unusual crafts were traveling almost exactly perpendicular to any landing planes.  They had no directional lights.  The only thing I can imagine is that the space station and the space shuttle were passing over and were 100 miles apart.  But the way they faded has me completely puzzled.  I checked the website for the space station flyover, and it says the craft would have appeared at 7:14PM...25 minutes after exactly when I looked on the web to check the time of that possibility.  I know I saw this at 6:50 PM give or take a minute or two only. They did disappear at what appeared to be the exact place in the sky.  So I can imagine that the sun's light may have still reached to about 75 degrees above the horizon toward the east.  What is mostly strange is that the light did not change in any way as it flew over, but it wasn't any particular shape either.  It's very difficult to explain.;41.4443000000001;-71.5316999999999
