Multiple, color changing, ufos quickly disperse in all directions in the evening sky, et. al.;2014-04-15 19:00:00;10 seconds;Multiple, color changing, ufos quickly disperse in all directions in the evening sky, et. al. I am relating this event as forwarded to me by my audiology doctor yesterday, 01/24/18. While in his office we talked about 'implants' as they relate to technology to improve hearing.  I joked about 'alien implants' and ufos.  I asked him if he'd ever seen a ufo. There was an audiology intern with him when I asked him.  He laughed and said 'no.'  But, after the intern left the room, he confided to me about witnessing over a dozen ufos, the size of a penny held at arm's length, silent, in the evening sky as he left the university and headed home.  He said they were clustered together at first, but as he watched them from his car he said they dispersed quickly in different directions while changing color. My point here is that there are many more ufo witnesses out there who are not inclined to discuss their observations because of fear of ridicule.  Even as this observation/sighting left a lasting impression on the doctor he had kept it to himself until I coaxed it out of him.  He felt comfortable sharing with me as I initially shared a very close encounter with him that happened  not far from where he observed his.  I have also casually asked folks with whom I've come in contact with, like contractors working at my house (one of them had an extraordinary encounter close up with a huge triangular ship) or a nurse in an office who shyly divulged her sighting with a black triangle ship in Vermont while on vacation, to an acquaintance at the nearby beach who told me of a large bright light that descended suddenly upon them from above while at an outdoor birthday party.  Another man I met and did not know well told me of a strange 'cloud of bees' he encountered while walking in a ! nature management area near me that solidified into a solid ball upon 'seeing' him and flew off into the trees. I would encourage people, just as an experiment, to casually ask anyone to whom they feel comfortable with and vise versa, to just ask if they've 'seen anything unusual' in their lives.  You  would be very surprised at the number of people who have stories, but have remained quiet only because no one bothered to ask. My last example is of a young woman whom I met one summer several years ago at my local beach who was from upper peninsula in Michigan (I remarked to her that I knew she was not from Rhode Island because she was too friendly and nice lol). She told me that her brother, who lived in Alpine, Michigan, one sunny winter day as he was driving his car to work, came across a disk shaped UFO, 30 or so feet in diameter, metallic, sitting in the road ahead of him.  He stopped his car and in shock sat there until it lifted off and flew off at great speed.  She said her brother was a serious and sober man and would never lie about something..especially something he felt uncomfortable relating even to his sister.  Her brother, she said, was still 'shook up' from the incident and to my reckoning only she and I even know about her brother's encounter.  So, don't be shy about casually inquiring strangers in a comfortable setting about what they may have seen.  You'll be surprised at how common ufo sightings and encounters of every kind are.;41.4443000000001;-71.5316999999999
