round object moving in and out of thundercloud, after flitting back and forth,sped north at high speed;2004-08-14 16:30:00;3-5 minutes;round object moving in and out of thundercloud, after flitting back and forth,sped north at high speed as we were driving south on I-35 towards walsenburg,co, i noticed a round black object that was going back and forth into a tall thunderhead that was forming SE of our car. I watched the object for approx 2 minutes,at that time the driver of the car asked what i was staring at, when i told her she requested that i steer the car while she attempted to spot the object. at the time the thunderhead was building about 20 miles to the SE. she spotted the object(i could not see as i was steering car)she watched it dive towards the ground ,level off, then shoot at high speed toward the north. she described object the same as me, a dark round object, no lights, size hard to estimate due to nothing around for reference. this was a daylight observation,in good conditions,excellent lighting...;37.6488;-104.7757
Facing the Sangre DeCristo mount range, in the Navajo housing community, which is under a disclosed Air Force testing and training zone;2018-10-06 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Facing the Sangre DeCristo mount range, in the Navajo housing community, which is under a disclosed Air Force testing and training zone I saw a star flash into view light a mega watt LED in the sky- dimmed then free floated like cotton fluffed picked up by a calm breeze, slow down then with a final flash in the pan vanished.  Another person with me saw and stood in equal astonishment.  This appeared after we were trying to locate the source of a high pitched wirring noise that was amping up in tone- this is when the light ball appeared, and the sound stopped.   Then from green horn and Spanish peak in came two jets over the valley heading towards the Sangre de Cristos.  Jets are common here, so are lightless black helicopters that shake my walls, but the light is something else’s entirely.  I saw the light before but chalked it up to tired eyes, as did my boyfriend, but seeing to together was assurance of sanity we both welcomed.   FYI, we are not drug users, don’t! drink and are rational thinkers with professional careers.  We’re new homeowners in the area and moved here to watch the stars in peace-didn’t know then were  buying under a military fly zone.;37.6488;-104.7757
