Black disc craft hovering and sped away, silent, daytime and causing involuntary temporary paralysis with telepathic communication.;2013-08-17 14:00:00;5 minutes;Black disc craft hovering and sped away making no sound daytime and causing involuntary temporary paralysis with telepathic communication. I witnessed a disc shaped craft   black in color matte/ metallic about twenty feet wide it had some type of lettering on the lower half of the object.  The craft seemed to be emitting a field which may have been the cause of me being as if not able to move. There was a feeling of communication through thought with my inner voice.  This was to and from the disc craft.  It moved after I came out of the state of being entranced.  Then I moved as I began to search for it in the surrounding sky I watched it move slowly away then when I pointed at it moved away horizontally and with immense speed far away as the eye could spot it and then up as if it went to space. The craft was I think somehow emitting a field that I could sense like small waves that were so intense.  As if I could almost see a ripple or an aura that seemed to be what was paralyzing me and then I felt like I should think what I wanted to communicate so I said through my mind to it, why do you not intervene to improve our world? I sensed a voice answering because of all the warring.	 I was riding a bicycle on the fish creek trail in Arlington, Texas and stopped along the trail happened to be looking up when I saw a black saucer shaped craft. It hovered   about twenty feet above the ground It was an area with trees and a creek there was a clear area about 40 feet wide where it was clear of trees. Upon noticing the flying craft I was completely consumed with awe and shock it took all my attention away from my two children who did not look up to see the craft because I could not even move my attention from the object.  They sat facing me under the shade of a tree that was to the right and slightly forward of the object.  The tree was thick with leaves so they did not see or look up at it.  When my son yelled to get my attention is when I realized that he had been calling me for about a minute already. “He shouted Dad what are you looking at you are scaring me.”  That is when I broke my stare of the object to turn to him as I looked up again the object moved. When I moved to where my children were I looked up to notice the tree was not allowing for them to get a view of the craft so they followed me as I moved over to where I looked around for where it had moved to.  Then I spotted it again as I was looking at it this time it seemed to be about two hundred feet away 100 feet high moving south it had a blue color hue on the back.  As I pointed to it to show my son where it was the craft sped away without making a sound.  It was so fast that before my finger was able to point at it the thing seemed to leave the atmosphere. I am an Officer in a Federal Agency since 2002 and have been in this country all my life. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and found him to be quite eloquent and sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent witness.  PD));32.6993445756464;-97.123005867159
Gray/black saucer with red triangular lights traveling north in the southbound lanes of traffic on SW Green Oaks Blvd.;2014-03-24 03:15:00;<5 seconds;Gray/black saucer with red triangular lights traveling north in the southbound lanes of traffic on SW Green Oaks Blvd. At 3:15 a.m. on Monday, March 24, 2014, I was waiting for the light to change at the intersection of I-20 and Green Oaks Blvd. in southwest Arlington, TX.  I was traveling south.   One block south of me and traveling north toward me, a dark grey and black saucer-shaped craft topped the hill.  It was as wide as the three lanes of traffic and had two red triangular lights on either side in a similar position to where the parking lights are on an automobile but on the bottom edge.  However, no light from these reflected onto the ground and they were not bright like headlights, but they were large rectangles and most definitely red.   The largest part of the craft was very dark gray and the top “bubble” part was black.  This craft was only a few inches off the roadway.  My light changed and as I proceeded toward it, it was as if something came between us and it was no longer visible.  As there was nothing there to actually come between us, I feel as if it “cloaked! ” itself, but it was gone.  This area is very well lit as there are street lights on either side and there are businesses on both sides of the road so my visibility was excellent.  At this time of morning, there was no one else on the road except for it and me.  This road runs directly behind my house and this happened 1/2 block north from my backyard.  I went home and immediately called my friend who I had just dropped off and told her about it.  However, over a period of 20 minutes, we were only able to maintain a phone connection for about 5 minutes, as our call would get dropped and I would get the message “Call Failed” which never comes through when a call is dropped but rather when it doesn’t go through to begin with.  I would try to call her back and it would do absolutely nothing.  Just like dead air.   She left me a voicemail message but my phone had not rang.  She would call me and get the same nothing.  One time, I called her and as the phone was ringing, it soun! ded as if there was a third party on the line and I could hear! some sc ratching like claws on a piece of wood but just when the call should have gone to voicemail, it just disconnected and I got the “Call Failed” message.  She said when we finally were able to talk that she had never experienced anything like that ever before with a cell phone.  I hadn’t either.  I was unable to go to sleep until about 6:00 a.m.  The next day she told me that she had checked the Arlington Police Dept. active police “blotter” after we hung up and that from 3:00 a.m. until 3:30 a.m. there had been 9 calls to 911 that were only classified as “disturbances” within a 1-mile radius of where this occurred and my house.  She tried to take a screen shot of this information, but it would not work.  I can get a copy of that night’s activity from the police department, but cannot do so for 30 days.  At that time, I will forward you a copy of that to go with this report.;32.6993445756464;-97.123005867159
