Hello sir I may be 30 years late but i have to tell someone that will believe me.  I`ve tried to tell my story and all i got was my let;1974-09-30 01:00:00;5 to ten minutes;Hello sir I may be 30 years late but i have to tell someone that will believe me.  I`ve tried to tell my story and all i got was my letters returned to me or LAUGHS!  Here we go !  The year was 1973 or 1974 in the fall.  I live in Cotton Country and was a (ginner) for about 10 years.  A co-worker asked me to pick him up because he had no way to work that morning (we worked from 7am to 7pm). So the time was between 6am and 6:30am, as close to dawn as you can get at that time of the year.  When i pulled up to his house, I killed my engine and got out.  That's when it appeared, just behind the fencerow, maybe 300 to 400 yards behind his house!!!!!   I yelled for him to come outside and look---he , his mother and a brother came outside and we watched.  The craft was huge and had lights around the  outside edge of it that was different colors  and the colors rotated.  IT MADE NO SOUND as it lifted off but it did zig-zag as it ascended.   We were so close to it that it didnt take long to be directly under it and  when we lost contact with the outside windows all we could see was the bottom of the craft, which changed colors with the altitude----it changed several times and the last was a (lime green) and then it was gone.  The mother told me that she had a full camera in the house but could not think of it.  We went to work and when i got off my shift and started home.  I  saw the lime green light again just south of the gin.  Turned around and went back to show my dad.  By the time i got him to the south door, it was gone and never have seen it again.  I tried to tell people of what i had seen and all it caused was trouble so i gave it up---BUT---i have 4 witnesses and WE all believe and always will.   The next cotton year , the man that farmed the land behind the house, said that there was a large place in the field that would not grow cotton (???????)  PS: MY grandmother, who is dead now, saw a strange silver cloud that zig-zaged straight up from the right direction and I had told her nothing___she said that it was there for several hours and has never seen nothing like it before!   Thankyou for your time and if you dont believe me--thats ok---I DO--or should i say--WE DO ! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.2897;-91.7132
