Two Craft,strobe light effects,the ability to  hover ,turn at right angles ,disappear ,reappear , accelerate quickly ,lose altitute ;1998-11-02 05:53:00;3 minutes;Two Craft,strobe light effects,the ability to  hover ,turn at right angles ,disappear ,reappear , accelerate quickly ,lose altitute at tremendous speeds On Hwy#10 north in the west sky . I noticed two strange craft in the sky .I asked my girlfriend to pull the car over. We got out and viewed for three minutes two craft that were flashing like strobe lights.They started out hovering together, then , each craft took one turn at some sort of a flight pattern.While one craft hovered , the other would fly extremly fast across the horizon where it instantly turned at a right angle, then flew quickly across the sky in that direction while at the same time losing altitute ,  then it disapppeared instantly. Afew seconds later it appeared in the sky in another location. Then it flew across the horizon back to the other stationary craft. Then the stationary craft did a similar flight pattern to the first craft ,while the other remained stationary. When the second craft had finished its flight pattern , both craft hovered together for a few seconds and then before our eyes without a blink they both diappeared. Each craft was a light like a strobe light doing spectacular flight patterns.Both craft were completely silent with no exhaust trail . Due to the brightness of the strobe type lights there was an aura or haze around them, a glow.;43.8716807692308;-79.8843730769231
String of 12 pulsing lights travelling from west and fading out northeast over Caledon, ON;2010-08-14 21:15:00;8 minutes;String of 12 pulsing lights travelling from west and fading out northeast over Caledon, ON My eldest daughter, son and I were having pizza at our kitchen table at about 21:15 EDT this evening when I saw two bright lights flying in tandem from the west toward the northeast over Caledon. I have worked in aviation for over 20 years and have seen a lot of aircraft so I asked them if they wanted to see something interesting. As we walked outside we noticed two more behind these, then two more seemingly flying in pairs but fairly evenly spaced overall. The moon was partially obscured in the western sky but there were few clouds and the winds were calm. The string of lights were yellowish-orange in colour, somewhat like the sodium street lamps in our neighbourhood. They were slowly pulsing and as they travelled at what would appear to be aircraft takeoff and climb speeds (200-300 knots), they turned to a more northerly course and faded out. There were no visible beacons or other lights on the objects (what caught my attention in the first place).  I ran inside to get my phone to see if it could record the event on video, but the quality was too poor to detect the lights and only recorded our commentary. As I came back outside we watched in amazement as the count increased to eight, then ten and finally twelve with about six visible at any one time (the others had turned north and faded out in sequence).  We noticed that they appeared to be climbing from the Georgetown area to the west and did not all follow the exact same course, some turning north before others did.  I observed one passing behind a cloud and then emerging again just before fading out completely and none of them ever stopped pulsing, they just appeared to dim as they got farther away.  I thought they must be helicopters to have maintained their formation so I asked my daughter to run in and shut off the air conditioning but there was no detectable sound so they may have been too far away. I could see no other aircraft in the immediate airspace, but saw one to the south heading north (presumably from Pearson International Airport) that may have observed them.  After the last light faded away, an aircraft flew overhead with the familiar beacons of a passenger jet and it was obvious to all of us that these lights in the sky appeared to be something different.;43.8716807692308;-79.8843730769231
