Observed two objects with pulsating lights that changed positions, 4 additional objects released.  ((NUFORC Note:  Capella?  PD));2011-11-06 19:00:00;2 hours;Observed two objects with pulsating lights that changed positions, 4 additional objects released from these On the evening of Sunday, November 6, 2011, at 7:00PM EST my wife was outside our home (which is 3 miles southwest of Frankfort, Kentucky).  She noticed a bright pulsating light to the north-northeast.  I went outside and immediately noticed the object, which was about 40 to 45 degrees above the horizon and appeared to be hovering over downtown Frankfort, Kentucky.  Object was noticeably brighter than stars in the sky.  Weather was clear at the time, no clouds noticed in the area.  When I first saw it, there appeared to be two smaller red pulsating objects circling below it, then these disappeared.  The main  Object appeared to occasionally give off a flash of white light, kind of like a photography flash bulb.  Object was hovering at high altitude, much higher than the helicopter traffic we often see in this area.  It did not emit any noise.   Object moved up and down very rapidly but remained fixed over the same area around 7:15pm.  I am estimating it was 3-5 mi! les away, guessing in the area of the intersection of highways US-127 and US-421, this would be on the north side of Frankfort, KY.  We observed this until 7:30pm and went back inside.  I went back out at 8:00PM, the object was still in the sky in about the same position as before.  At 8:15pm, Object also appeared to fall suddenly dropping maybe 5 degrees on the horizon.   At this point, we saw 3 small but very bright red lights dropping down out of the main object one right after the other.  Two of these began heading due west at slow speed.  The third red light remained hovering below the main object, then at very high speed moved towards the other two red pulsating lights.  They then moved into a triangular formation and headed off due west at slow speed.  At this point, I went inside and got a set of binoculars, through the binoculars I could see that each of the red lights was actually 3 pulsating red lights in a V or chevron type shape.  Hard to tell size but definitely! in a V shape and flying in formation.  The red objects did no! t emit a ny sound.  At 8:20pm we noticed a similar object to the east had appeared also with the same pulsating green, red, yellow lights. Then about 8:25pm we saw the eastern object drop suddenly in altitude and stop. Suddenly the eastern rotating object dropped a single red flashing light...through the binoculars it also appeared to be 3 flashing lights in a V-shape, also headed due west at slow speed.  Same type of 3 sets of pulsating red lights in a V-shape as the previously observed ones.  Aropund 8:45pm, The westernmost object moved south at slow speed towards us, this would have put it over downtown Frankfort,KY or US-127. The eastern object I would guess would be in the Versailles Road/US-460 area maybe ?? We called the Franklin County, Kentucky dispatch center non-emergency number, they said quote What do you want us to do about it ? The dogs in the been barking continuously all night since about 6:30 if that means anything at all.  At 10:30PM this evening we went back out! side, we observed that both of the main objects were gone.   I am age 40, a human resources professional for the US government and a current graduate student.  My wife is age 33, a manager for an oil company and has 1 year of college.   I have been around aircraft my entire life having lived near 2 airports, plus spent 20+ years in the Civil Air Patrol.  Our event is not consistent with any aircraft I have ever seen before or any type of aircraft marker light beacons.  Objects were much brighter than stars in the night sky, weather conditions were clear with 3/4 moon, no clouds.  I've never seen a star change position and drop objects...I have seen a meteor shower and shooting stars before, this was not either of those.;38.2272333333333;-84.8698027777779
I saw a chevron/triangle shaped craft that was solid black with a bright light in the middle with small one at tip and had no noise.;2018-05-10 21:20:00;10 minutes;I saw a chevron/triangle shaped craft that was solid black with a bright light in the middle with small one at tip and had no noise. I saw a black chevron/triangle shaped craft approach and go over my house.  I went to my van to get something.  It was almost completely dark.  I saw a bright light moving from a distance toward my house.  I see lots of commercial and military planes in the area, but this was odd.  I stopped and watched it.  It was lower than the commercial planes that fly.  Did not make a noise. Jet black.  Solid white light in the middle and tiny one at tip.  I've never seen anything like this.  It was rounded like on the sides and there was a weird lined pattern all along it.  You know it was not actually flat, but more like a rounded on the edges, perhaps even cone like.  As it went over me I could clearly see the shape.  There was one bright white light in the very middle.  As it was flying it seemed to slip to the left and right a bit.  It was very unusual.  It did that a few times and then remained straight in the direction.  When the craft got over me, the middle light fla! shed and then dimmed.  Then it flickered in a weird pattern.  The pattern almost seemed like a Morse code for a bit.  It was unusual.  I even had an eerie sense like I was being watch and it saw me because I thought I would like to see more of the craft, but the light was too bright, as soon as I thought that was when the light dimmed to where there was not as big of a glare and I could see the craft pretty well.   Then a small front light came on and was going in all different directions before it faded and only the middle light remained.  It was going fairly slow.  The entire event lasted about 10 minutes.  My neighbor saw me staring into the sky and came over and saw the light but did not see the craft as it had moved farther away.  It made no noise at all--not a sound.  It left no trail in the sky. It was flying from approximately the northeast to the southwest.  I posted the sighting on Facebook immediately after. Before I went inside to call a friend and post this a he! licopter flew around my block and very close to the house and ! just abo ve the tree line.  It was solid black as well.  I thought that was odd because of stories I have heard about black helicopters and also because there is not a lot of low flying helicopter activity in our small town.;38.2272333333333;-84.8698027777779
