Franklin/Scott County Kentucky Round Object With Red, Blue, and White Lights  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Sirius??  PD));2007-10-29 21:20:00;30 Minutes+;Franklin/Scott County Kentucky Round Object With Red, Blue, and White Lights At approximately 9:20pm, I went outside on my balcony to smoke. I looked off to the northeast – towards Scott County – and saw a round shape with bright lights of Red, Blue, and white. The lights went all around the object and sometimes seemed to be steady and at other times seemed to strobe or even rotate around the object. The object also had at least four straight extensions coming off of it and running underneath the main object. The extensions were also lighted. The object sat perfectly still. I got my daughter to come look at it. She thought it was a Police Helicopter, mainly because of the red and blue lights. The object was way too high to be a Helicopter and the area it was hovering over would have been very rural. My daughter went back inside. I continued to watch. We do not have binoculars, so I went inside to get my daughter’s Digital Camera that has Zoom capabilities and thought that might help. When I returned to the balcony, the object was still there but then there was a second object much closer and much larger. It was more of a perfectly shaped orange ball and almost appeared to be “sitting” on a house off in the distance. I called for my daughter again and she thought it was a full moon. I did not think that was the case because it was too orange and I don’t recall ever seeing a full moon in that spot before. This morning I looked at the Naval Observatory’s Web Site and according to it there was no full moon last night, it should have been a “Last Quarter” moon.  My daughter told me that I had watched one too many X-Files and that she was sure it was a Police Helicopter and a Full Moon.  While I do not know what either object was, I do not believe they were those things, and my daughter who was so sure of herself was too “scared” by what she saw to sleep in her room downstairs last night. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Sirius??  PD));38.2272333333333;-84.8698027777779
10+ silent orange flying objects in strict formation for 5 minutes then disappearing.;2014-05-31 22:00:00;5 minutes;10+ silent orange flying objects in strict formation for 5 minutes then disappearing Observation of Unidentified Flying Objects in Franklin County, Kentucky    On Saturday, May 31, 2014, at approximately 10:00 pm my wife and I observed 10 or more orange balls of light in a perfect straight line formation at an altitude of approximately 1000-1500 feet.  The balls of light seem to appear one after the other and were not all visible initially.   All but one of the orange lights stayed in formation the entire time we watched.  One of the lights rapidly accelerated next to another orange light and remained side by side with the other light until they disappeared.   The orange lights were flying northwest, were evenly spaced approximately 200-300 yards apart and silent.  We watched the lights for approximately five minutes until they made a turn towards southwest and disappeared as they were moving away from our location.  The orange objects did not have any strobes, sound, red or white light. I have worked on numerous military bases, have been an investigator for the state government for more than 13 years, traveled internationally and have flown on private and commercial planes and helicopters.  I have never observed flying objects like we saw on May 31, 2014.  I am 100% certain they were not “Chinese lanterns”, helicopters or planes.   The flying objects had to be controlled by intelligent life due to the exact positioning of the objects, formation and the rapid acceleration of one object next to the other that remained side by side until they disappeared.  I have observed planes and helicopters flying at night and these were definitely neither.  The sky was clear over Frankfort and little to no wind. Before reporting this incident we consulted with two Air Force Officers and they are unaware of any aircraft that are silent or displays orange lights rather than the traditional lights used on aircraft during flight.   I had serious reservations about reporting the incident because I have never believed in UFOs.   I am not sure what these were but, by reporting this incident I hope to find some answers no matter what they may be.;38.2272333333333;-84.8698027777779
