49 sec video taken of object seen over a long distance in travel, potential abduction, 20 min missing time.. ((MUFON report));2014-05-05 03:14:00;Many minutes;49  sec video taken of object seen over a long distance in travel, potential abduction, 20 min missing time.. Silver gray about 30 feet long with 5 panels and what appeared to be 4 windows.  The man was on his way home from work at Versailles, KY, at 2:54 AM.  Drove about 8 miles west on Highway US 60 West to get to Interstate 64 West, a quarter of a mile or so from the interstate,  He noticed something that looked like a low flying plane. He looked at the time on radio and it was 3:14 AM.  He has tinted windows on his car so he let his window down to get a better look at it.  At that time he was close to the stoplight for the left turn to get on the interstate.  The light turned red and he stopped.  He noticed the craft in the air stopped also.  It really got his attention then.  When the light turned green he proceeded left and drove up the ramp onto the interstate.  A tractor trailer passed and he got in behind it.  To his left on the other side of the interstate he noticed the craft, which was keeping up with his car.  The speed limit is 70 and the truck in front of him was d! oing about 60.  He decided not to pass and stay back and see what this thing was.  It went out of his view before he passed the Kentucky River bridge.  After the bridge there are rock walls on both sides going westbound.  After clearing them the craft appeared at about 10 o'clock to his left.  He let his window down to try and get a video of it, but couldn't get it. It was about a quarter of a mile from his exit home and it started to bear to the left.  He took the exit right and when he got to the end of the exit he stopped at the stop sign.  The craft made a right turn and stopped too.  He proceeded right in the left lane and the craft was on the other side of the road just above the utility poles.  He needed to go about 1/3 of a mile to make a left turn to get home.  It stayed with him.  When he slowed down to get in the left turning lane the craft turned left.   He made a quick turn right and raced up the street about a half mile maybe less to the Super America store.  He parked in f! ront and the craft went overhead and up in the sky. It took the appearance of a star.  He went inside and got something to drink and he told the cashier about something following him.  He went outside and looked up and it was still there. He got in his car and proceeded to make a right turn on US 127 South.  The craft went from being a star into being some type of ship.  It was within 30 yards from his passenger side window on the right.  It hovered for maybe 10 seconds and slowly proceeded south up the street.  He didn't remember anything until he pulled up at home to park his car.  He had lost 20 minutes somewhere.  The craft went to the western sky and took the appearance of a star again.  He ran inside for a few minutes and then came back out to see if it was still there.  It was and it looked like an orange star.  He got his phone and got about 49 seconds of video. (MUFON 56143);38.2272333333333;-84.8698027777779
