Approximately 20 lights that sometimes flashed red and white were moving  through the sky.  They did not appear to be flying toward a c;1999-10-26 19:10:00;1.5 hours;Approximately 20 lights that sometimes flashed red and white were moving  through the sky.  They did not appear to be flying toward a certain destination.  The objects were located throughout the sky, widely separated from each other and doing their own  maneuvers. They were not in sinc with eachother. On Ocober 25, 1999 I observed from my car some moving lights in the sky that sometimes flashed red and white and didn't think much of it. I saw approximately five.  I saw the objects in the southeastern sky. I was located approximately 3 miles north of Moravia,NY just to the south of Owasco Lake. It was approximately 7:05 pm.  On October 26, 1999 my fiance was the one to spot the lights at approximately the same time, 7:05.  He had been in a tree stand hunting deer when he first noticed.  He did not know that I had seen them the previous night. I always pick him up on the side of the road when he is done hunting just as it gets dark. On this night, he was already out of the woods when I arrived and was looking up at the sky.  I knew at that moment he was seeing what I saw the night before.  As I pulled over, he waved for me to get out of the car.  We both saw approximately 20 lights, some flashing red and white throughout the southeastern sky.  The azimuth was anywhere from 90 degrees to 180 degrees.  The altitudes of the lights were anywhere from 15 degrees to 60 degrees approximately.  When we looked at any one specific light, you could tell it was moving compared to the stars.  It would flash and appear to stop and then move straight upward from its stopping point.  Then it would disappear (the light) and reappear very close to where it disappeared a second or two ago.  Eventually in a minute or two, another light, a different one would catch the corner of our eyes and we would focus on that.  At one time, you could see approximately five lights without turning your head to a different azimuth.  The five lights would be at different altitudes, but all of them flashed either red or white.  They did not flicker like stars, they flashed. When an object flashed, it did not flash in a certain time interval.  It flashed randomly.  When the objects moved, they would only move in their own section of the sky.  I did not see an object streak across the whole southeastern part of the sky.  When it moved, it e! ither mo ved straight up from where it was stopped (about two or three finger widths at one time). Some of them would then disappear from view completely.  Many of the objects moved in circular or curved paths. The total distance of the paths of any objects I could see for long enough without disappearing was about five to ten fingerwidths.  None of them were going in a straight path parallel to the horizon. As we traveled back home, approximately six miles away from that area, we could still see the objects, but not as many. I called someone that lived in Moravia to view the objects. They saw them too.  I also called someone in Locke, which is just south of Moravia a few miles to view the objects.  They saw them too.  It was approximately 8:30 pm when we could no longer see them. ((NUFORC Note:  Under most circumstances, in a case in which objects are allegedly witnessed for 90 minutes, we would first address the possibility that the witness was observing celestial bodies.  However, in this instance, a similar event was reported from the Dayton, OH, area, at approximately the same time.  We are awaiting those latter reports at the time of this writing.));42.7369;-76.4006
