Loud persistent humming accompanied by shape of light with no source creating the light.;2005-05-31 02:00:00;1hr;Loud persistent humming accompanied by shape of light with no source creating the light. I will email because it is too long for this box. ((COPIED REPORT)) I began watching a movie on Dish Network and all of a sudden the picture cut-off. An error message was displayed saying my smart card was not allowed to access the channel. This was true for all channels. I am a service tech by trade and did my best to correct the problem with no results. Fustrated, I walked out on the patio to smoke a cigarette. As I sat there, cows began mooing and whaling. I passed this off as a nuisance as well. As I pet the dogs, the female dog stuck her ear up as if to hear something. Using the local colloquialism I said, Geeet-em! Both dogs ran out in the yard after a grey figure that I saw moving very swiftly, standing upright. As they barked, coyotes began to howl They were all over the place! There were three different packs from the North, South, and West Directions. The pack from the north was extremely close, and it sounded as if they were in the front yard. I was surprised that I could not see the coyotes but had seen the other figure. The coyotes returned howls back and forth along with all of the sparsely placed neighbors' dogs. The cows began to moo again accompaning all the other sounds of animals. As this was going on I heard a humming sound in the sky start to get louder and louder. This is when I became really nervous, because too many strange things were happening for me to write them off as coincidence. I looked and looked at the sky but could not see a plane or helicopter that was making this noise. The more I looked for something in the sky, the louder the noise became. Finally the noise was so loud that it somehow was making me lethargic and had a sort of hypnotic effect. I almost lost conscienceness, but began to fight the effect it was having on me. Please keep in mind that the coyotes were still yipping and yelping while all this was going on, but the the dogs had retreated to the patio and were just as frightened as I was. Everytime I would glance at the female dog, she would growl under her breath as if she knew that the occurence was threatening in some way. As the noise prolonged, I then noticed what I would describe as a light shadow. It was a oval shape of light in the front yard that appeared on the lawn, but yet there was no ray or beam projecting that light onto the ground. It was light without a source, and it moved in a quirky manner in a circular pattern. I felt an energy trying to communicate with me, but I kept thinking: No, No, No, I don't belive it! It was almost as if I was trying to deny its existence in order for it to go away. And quicker than a flash everything was gone, the world was still and peaceful, and I was left doubting everything I had seen. Doubting what I saw did not help, however, because nothing could be justified in my mind as to explain, logicallly, what had happened.    I know that every sighting must first be considered as a hoax, however I must iterate that this was the first time I have ever experienced anything so unexplainable. Until now, I did not belive in such things. What I saw, heard, and felt has changed my mind forever on the subject. If you have any questions feel free to cal my celL  ((number deleted)) ((name deleted));32.4106;-95.6335
Very bright light, flying lower than a jet appeared to be tracking another light.  ((NUFORC Note:  Satellites??  PD));2010-01-04 19:00:00;2-3 minutes;Very bright light, flying lower than a jet appeared to be tracking another light flying outside our atmosphere For many years I have observed what I refer to as “star dots” moving in the night sky.  They are outside our atmosphere and appear as something similar in size to stars (as we view stars from Earth) but they move in every given direction. I’ve observed them stop and then start moving again, make 90 degree turns, suddenly increase speed until they appear almost a streak, stop just as suddenly, etc.  I’ve seen as many as 9 of them at one time (about 2 years ago), with all 9 of them going in different directions and patterns and “performing” in a manner that I would liken to an air show.  I’m so curious about them that I watch for them any time I go outside at night, just in case they might be there. On December 30, 2009, at about 6:30pm I was outside smoking when I saw two of them toward the south-southwest and moving in a northerly direction.  About the time I saw them, my husband joined me on the porch and I pointed them out to him.  (I would note that my husband was in law enforcement for several years and is skeptical of nearly everything.)  As we were watching them, one of the “dots” split off into two “dots.”  I had never seen them do that before and it certainly got my husband’s attention.  At almost the same time, a 3rd and 4th one appeared in a different area of the sky (slightly more westerly and also moving north).  We noticed them at the same time.  The 3rd one then turned hard toward the east and immediately became incredibly bright – something else I’ve never observed one of them do.  It appeared to be banking in a turn and it grew even brighter as it banked and also seemed to elongate.  It quickly gained speed as it went east turned a soft red color and ! then faded out of sight.  My husband asked if I had seen it get longer and I told him that I definitely noticed that. Tonight (1.04.10) at about 7 p.m., I went out onto the porch and saw one of the “star dots” very far away and moving very slowly.  I was surprised as I usually don’t see them that close together, with the previous sighting being just 5 days ago.  As I watched it, I caught a bright light out of the corner of my eye.  I called out to my husband “There’s one of them flying VERY LOW this time!”  It appeared, of course, to be much larger than they usually appear because it was so low – somewhat lower than a commercial airliner would fly - but the light of it was too bright to allow us to make out its shape.  It was not flying in a perfectly straight line it wavered slightly from time to time.  As we watched the low, bright one I remarked to my husband that it seemed to be tracking the smaller, more distant one move for move.  He agreed that that’s what it looked like it was doing.  We lost sight of it as it passed over our house. ((NUFORC Note:  Satellites??  PD));32.4106;-95.6335
