Flashing Craft over Chautauqua, NY;2013-09-14 23:00:00;15 minutes;Flashing Craft over Chautauqua, NY September 14, 2013  Late Saturday night, at 11:20 pm, on September 14, 2013, I opened my back door to let my cat in for the night, when I saw to my right, a very bright, flashing object hovering above the tree line, approximately 1000 feet from where I was standing. The object was viewed from a pair of high powered binoculars once it gained my attention, and upon observation, I clearly saw it had no-fixed wings or tail, whatsoever.  The blinking object was in the shape of a bell like Christmas ornament, and hovered in place over the tree line for 15 minutes, without moving. It was quite chilly, and the sky was clear with an abundance of stars, as well as a bright half moon. This object had multiple, rapid flashing lights around the middle of the object, as well as a red light at the tip of it’s bell shape The lights around the middle region flashed of bright red & green lights, which flashed from left to right in unison.  There were a row of smaller bright blue lights spanning above the larger, brighter red & green lights.  The lower half of the object had a upside down cone shape, projecting downward from the upper bell shape, which had white lights covering it like that of a New Years Eve ball drop.  Once I focused in on the object through my binoculars, and saw it clearly, I could not believe what I was looking at.  This WAS NOT a human aircraft of any kind.  It was unbelievably beautiful & brilliant as it hovered in place. There was no-audible noise coming from the object as it hovered above the tree line to my North West. I watched it and video taped the strange object to the best of my ability, before it ever so slowly moved away to the North, and disappeared behind the tree line.  I knew I had just witnessed a UFO, but I just could not believe it.  I am hoping that it returns again, as I am armed with a video camera, and picture camera with tripods, hoping I will get a better image and footage of this very strange craft.   This is NOT a hoax, nor is this a made up story.  I witnessed an actual unidentified craft in the sky, just beyond the woods of my property.  I don’t know if it will ever return, but if it does, I’m ready with two camera’s to document this strange craft.;42.1096;-79.4066
