Red / orange craft travelling north / northwest in Whiteland IN.;2012-09-01 21:40:00;10 minutes;Red / orange craft travelling north / northwest in Whiteland IN. On Saturday 9/1/2012 at 9:40 pm, myself and another witness spotted a football shaped object making no sound moving slowly from a south to north direction above or slightly west of Sawmill Rd. in Whiteland, IN. We are around two blocks east of Sawmill Rd., so we were relatively close to this craft. The color was of a reddish orange tint which appeared to be sourced from the center of the craft and illuminating the rest of the object defining the shape, but not creating a “glow” beyond it's dimensions. The illumination could be be compared to a Chinese Lantern or a Christmas luminary. The light was not flickering, pulsating or blinking at this time. When we first noticed the object, it appeared to be 1 & ½ times the size of a Cessna airplane, approx. 200 feet above the ground, and moving around 20 mph in a straight south to north path. Our view was unobstructed for approx. one minute before the object passed behind a large tree which completely blocked our view for approx. 2 minutes. We positioned ourselves from where we were originally at to get a better view for when the object reemerged from behind the tree. When we were able to see the object again, it was heading in a northwestern direction, had put more distance between us and itself, and had taken on more of a ball shape, and appeared to be smaller than when we first saw it. The color had also changed slightly taking on more of a red tint and was also pulsating. As it continued to head in a northwest direction, it had picked up speed comparable to a small aircraft, and raised slightly in altitude. We then jumped in a car attempting to follow the object. Since we could only go West or North by road, we were only able to travel for a couple miles before we could no longer see it due to the distance between us and it, and the amount of large trees obstructing our view.;39.5643;-86.0776
I was driving home from work,snapped a few pictures andI noticed the birds in a few of my pictures then noticed what looked to be a cou;2019-10-14 08:00:00;2 minutes;I was driving home from work,snapped a few pictures andI noticed the birds in a few of my pictures then noticed what looked to be a couple of disks.;39.5643;-86.0776
