2 yellow orange objects moved past my windows.;2015-10-01 22:00:00;4 minutes;2 yellow orange objects moved past my windows. I was in bed watching tv and saw a light out of the corner of my eyes, moving past my bedroom window.  I thought it was one of those things you light a candle and it floats away.   I jumped out of bed to run to patio door in living room to go on to deck to watch it go by.  As I got to door, I saw another one coming right behind it.  They both moved at the same pace very slow.  At that moment, I knew it was not what I thought it was.   I moved into the dark as I did not want them to see me.  At that same moment it was like the 2nd one told the first one to turn and they both turned and moved over the cornfield towards the grade school.  I heard a plane above and looked up and then looked back and they were gone.  They glowed yellow orange and did not make a sound.  I was about 15 feet from them as they passed by.  I am not sure of date as I really blew it off as luminaries (think that is what they are called). Until I saw quite a few being sent off on tv and these did not move like them. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hello Mr. Davenport,  thank you for getting back to me so soon.  I know it was in 2015.  Not sure if it was spring or fall. I just remember there was not any crops in the field behind my town home. It was warm out as I had some windows and patio door open.  Now that I really realize what I saw, I am going through the same emotions again as I did that night.  But now I am having a lot of anxiety.  When they passed, I did not feel evil, it was like they where looking in the windows on the 2nd level.  I tried to tell myself that they where what every those luminary things are with the candle that makes them float away.  Until I saw them being set off on TV.  They floated up, these objects moved steady across and changed direction.  I told myself that they had to be tied together by a long string if they were luminaries.  There was no sound at all. I hope this helps.  I would like to know if any other sightings in my area and if possible to reach out to them. Thank you for your time.  ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.1715;-93.5814
