Silent two rows of 6-8 dull orange disks in a shallow V shape fixed to chevron-shaped (?) object.;2007-11-09 20:30:00;20-30 sec;Silent two rows of 6-8 dull orange disks in a shallow V shape fixed to chevron-shaped (?) object I observed this object at approximately 8:30 pm on Thursday, November 8, 2007.  I was walking my dog in Warren Park in Frisco, Texas.  I was standing on the sidewalk just east of the entrance to the park off of El Dorado.  Although there were activities going on at the west end of the park that were brightly lit, it was dark where I was standing and I had paused to see if I could spot Comet Holmes.  I knew about where to look for it I was searching the sky around a third of the way to halfway between Cassiopeia and the southeastern horizon. I am not a serious amateur astronomer but I have a pretty good knowledge of the night sky from my boyhood interest in astronomy. I have never seen a UFO before. As I was watching the sky, I became aware of an object to the left and above where I was looking.  The object was moving from SSE to NNW, almost directly overhead when I began observing it.  It moved in a straight line at a constant speed and didn’t do anything tricky. I watched it for approximately 20-30 seconds. It was completely silent ...that is, I could hear nothing coming from it.  There was some road noise from El Dorado, which was close by, but jets that were flying at a much higher altitude (apparent altitude – see below) could easily be heard over the few cars that were passing, and when there  was no traffic I strained to hear something coming from the object but could not. It had an angular width of, I am estimating, 2 or 3 knuckles on my fist held at arm’s length.  I am aware that people overestimate the both the actual and apparent size of things they see in the sky and it is not impossible that its angular width may be less than that.  But it was not tiny in appearance – it extended over enough of the sky that it was plainly visible. I am not certain of the shape of the object, but I had the impression at the time that it was chevron-shaped and heading in the direction of the pointy part – like an old Northrup Flying Wing, but more angled than that.  I may be imagining its shape.  I have seen reports of triangle-shaped UFOs, and that is not out of the question.  The sky was dark but not completely black, and because of the light pollution of the DFW area there is not a highly populated starfield in any direction, but there was plainly some kind of silhouette that blocked out the sky and the few stars behind it as it moved through the sky. What I am certain of is that the object exhibited a series of orange disks in a shallow V shape (as though along the leading edge of the chevron), perhaps 6-8 down each arm.  They were distinctive but their “glow” was so dull that I am speculating that they were not self-lit but were reflectors picking up the lights from the ball fields.  Their round shape was very clear and not fuzzy or sparkling, as might have been the case if they were lit up.  The lights were very dull I would never have noticed them if I weren’t looking right at the object when it came into my field of vision.  The lights were not moving around – they were apparently affixed to whatever was moving through the sky. There were no flashing lights or other typical aircraft running lights on this object. Size and height:  Very hard to say.  Any estimate is complicated by the lack of any points of reference.  In fact, even if there had been buildings or trees in the field of view it would not have made much difference because there was no auditory cue to distance.  That there was no audible sound coming from the object suggests great height.  The orange disks were, although not bright, very distinctive and clearly circular, with hard edges.  And the object was had a fair angular diameter, which suggests closeness.  So either the thing was far away and enormous, or closer and smaller.  Put another way, It had a much greater angular width than the numerous jets that are approaching DFW and that were flying over Frisco at that time, so if it was flying at that height it was very large.  My unsupported “feeling,” however, was that it was not flying that high the clarity of the shape and outline of the two rows of disks suggests that it was not at a great height, but neither was it anywhere close to the ground or nearby treetops. I’m not sure how it disappeared, except that it did not speed out of sight.  It just kind of winked off (although not so abrupt as a winking), as though it had gone into a cloud bank (but the sky was cloudless).  This would be consistent with my speculation that the dull orange disks were reflectors, and that the angle between the object and the lights of the ballfields had become such that they no longer reflected my way.  I will say that the reflection theory suffers from the fact that I was generally between the field lights and the object, which was moving away from the field, so there was no angle-of-incidence = angle-of-reflection thing going on if the reflector were just a flat surface.  If the disks were reflectors, they were complex enough to pick up the field lights and reflect them slightly backwards towards me.  And they could have been picking up the many other light sources of Frisco. If I had to make a guess as to a terrestrial origin of this thing, it would be a large private aircraft flying at medium altitude with an engine quiet enough to blend in with the noises of the night at that height, with reflectors on the underside of its wings.  Not a blimp. Thank you for the opportunity to make this report.;33.147842175957;-96.7762992612496
