MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  Tonight, from about 10:20 to 10:50 I watched a ufo!;2005-07-21 22:20:00;30 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to Mr.Fred L. Barnes, for sharing the sighting and report with NUFORC.  PD)) Tonight, from about 10:20 to 10:50 I watched a ufo! Tonight, from about 10:20 to 10:50 I watched a ufo. I got up, made a pot of coffee, and went out to sit on the porch.  The moon was big and bright in the south east.  I turned off the 'street' light to better enjoy the moon.  Then I noticed it.....just about 1- 1 1/2 inches to the right of the edge of the moon.  My first impulse was to think of a plane, but it had too many lights for a plane.  Then it began to sink in that it was not moving. I reached for the binoculars and began watching it.  It appeared big. It had either blinking or rotating red and white lights.  There may have also been some green but using the binoculars I would hesitate on the green. There were 4 each white and red  lights.   They were all in the same horizontal plane giving a 'cigar'  shape impression. Of course they could have been rotating around something. It did not move.  After a bit i began  to perceive slight movement in relation to the moon.....but  it was due to the moon  advancing.  The object was  stationary. After several minutes a most remarkable thing began to occur. The large object began to ever so slowly divide into two smaller objects......as if two attached craft were separating. They ever so slowly parted until they were about an inch apart. After several more minutes they began to move 'outward' from earth.  I say that because the elevation did not change in relation to me or the moon.   this caused me to believe they were going 'away' from me.   I watched them with binoculars until they were out of sight, which was quite some time.   This also indicates they were moving 'out' and away.  The elevation did not vary in relation to the moon.  I watched them for a total of about 30 minutes.  Report submitted to the Missouri Investigators Group  http://ufomig.bravehost.com  END ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD);36.9994;-91.9419
