Huge Triangular Object  after dusk seen with lights outling the perimeter, and a bright light in the middle .;1994-04-10 18:30:00;20 to 30 min;Huge Triangular Object  after dusk seen with lights outling the perimeter, and a bright light in the middle . Was on that evening after dusk, sitting on our deck overlooking our 27 acre lake, when my wife and I observed a huge triangular object coming from the area of the city of Willow Springs approximately paralleling the area of County Road DD and heading behind Kings Mountain.  It was traveling very slowely.  When it passed Kings Mountain, and was in the neighborhood of the Kings Mountain Ranch, it suddenly headed in a east northerly direction towards Sims Lake and disappeared (like a bat out of hell over the horizon).  We called up a TV Station in Springfield, and they said that it had been reported that a Russian Space craft had come down, and that was what the people were seeing, because of the many telephone calls.  In the next two days we talked to our neighbors, in the first person is what they described:    (  Will be described on space in a following continued report!) ((CONTINUATION FROM SAME WITNESS)) This is the continued portion of my previous report! Please correct date from 10/04/1994 to approximate date of 04/10/1994!  In the first person from our neighbor, who is a Physicist and PE, quoting:  My wife, son, and I were traveling along DD Hwy from Willow Springs when we saw a hugh dark triangular craft approaching the airport landing strip, then it suddingly made a right hand turn and flew parallel to DD in the direction of Kings Mountain.  It had lights all around outlining it, which from time to time changed color from blue white to red.  It moved slowely at first around 20 mph.  It was just above the trees,  and its size was estimated to be 3 to 5 times the size of the B2 Bomber!  At one time while I was driving, our son saw a huge blurry red light in the middle of the underside of the craft.  Sometimes the craft seemed to have a halo, or force field around it. When it almost reached Kings Mountain Ranch, it suddingly crossed the road, flew over the ranch, and disappeared into the direction of Sims Lake/Whiteman AFB! Like said, it flew like a bat out of hell suddingly over the horizon and dissappeared!  The object was also seen by another witness!  While some attended the Tri-Lakes-UFO Convention last November 2003 in Kimberling City, one of the vendors at the conference who sold UFO related books,  also admitted that he had seen the same object at about the same time,  when he was living in the area between Sims Lake in line with Whiteman AFB.     -   Therefore there were at least 6 witnesses to the craft who were qualified observers, and can state that it was not a Russian Satellite or similar object,  that the TV Stations were aluding to.  Probably what they were told to say!  Another Gov't Coverup? ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We are grateful to the source of this report, who is known to NUFORC, for submitting the report.  We suspect his rendition of the sighting is quite accurate.  PD));36.9994;-91.9419
triangle shaped with 5 red lights along the edge and 1 white light in the middle traveling east and low to the ground.;1997-10-28 18:45:00;3 min;triangle shaped with 5 red lights along the edge and 1 white light in the middle traveling east and low to the ground. my wife was gone for the evening and it was a nice cool clear night so i took my dog for a ride on my 4 wheeler into the woods adjacent to our home. i stoped aprox. 500' from the house and shut off the engine so we could here the sounds in the woods. i was interested in watching my dog and what he could here along with his reaction comparied to what i could here. at the time this was a very thick pine forest so i didnt notice the huge object until it was almost on top of us, it was very quite. if i had to guess it probably was around 4-5 hundred feet above the ground and aprox. 2-3 hundred feet long. this is a guess i have never seen something so big and so low in the sky above me before. my father was a private pilot so i have been around planes most of my childhood and this was no plane or jet that i have ever seen. it was triangle shaped with 5 low radiant red lights, three at the tips and two along the edge all evenly spaced apart and one white light in the center. the edge was seen only by a pitch black triangle void covering up the stars behind it. at first i thought this cant be know one will believe this, but i looked down at my dog and he also was looking up at this huge object. this gave me some relief that i wasnt seeing things alone. we were siting on a slight hill that over looked the east and it gave me an advantage of sight for a short time while i watched this thing slowly travel easterly. im not ashamed to say that i was scared!. it had a very low rumble that i only herd when it was the closest to me. i suspect that my dog herd it first witch caused him to look up. when it got to the point that i was starting to get trees in the way i started to wounder if there were more so i looked around in the sky. all i could find was a airplane flying south east aprox. 4-5 miles away. i would like to talk to that pilot because i know he saw somthing. the white light detached from the triangle and flew at a high velocity to the airplane. i didnt get to see what happened to the plane because of the trees. this happened several years ago from today the month is correct and the event will never leave me but the exact date may or may not be acurate. i have looked for it several times sence but never saw it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.9994;-91.9419
Large bright orange object seen twice in the same night;2002-04-20 22:00:00;20 minutes;Large bright orange object seen twice in the same night A friend and i were out at about 10 pm hunting coyotes. We were sitting down overlooking a large field, when i got a strange feeling and turned around. Just around the corner of a hill, about 1/2 a mile off, i was a large bright orange object. I told my friend to look, and he did. We saw it for less than 5 seconds, and the light just faded out and disappeared. There was no noise. About 20 minutes later, we were sitting in a different place, and were looking over another field, about 200 yards from where the first sighting appeared. Suddenly, a large bright orange object just appeared in the sky above us. It seemed to have a total of 5 lights, 3 in a trianuglar shape on the bottom, and possibly 2 on top. It was there for about 5 seconds, and then just disappeared. I believe it was the same craft as before, and it seemed to be watching us.;36.9994;-91.9419
