Personal hum vibration experience,  Larger than aircraft carrier, 1000ft., slow moving, quiet, some lights;1982-09-15 02:00:00;10 minutes;Personal hum vibration experience, Larger than aircraft carrier, 1000ft., slow moving, quiet, some lights This is a first  report of a UFO sighting that occurred in September 1982.  I don’t recall the exact day.  The location of the craft when sighted was just south west of the city of Sebastopol, California.     38° 22’ 54” N.  122° 49’ 05”W. It began as I awoke about 1:50 AM to what I thought was a audible hum.  I searched the small house I was living in for the source of the sound.  After exhausting all possibilities I realized that the hum I was hearing was actually a vibration or hum I was perceiving in my body.   About 1:55, I went outside to see if I might find  something that might explain the “body hum” I was experiencing.  As I looked up toward the northwest, I was stunned at what I first thought was a huge dirigible or blimp but the size was immense. My next thought was, a blimp, if navigating would be running engines producing prop sounds, but I heard nothing, and it is far to large to be a blimp.  The night was crystal clear, cool and no moon light present.  I could not see the craft itself only its lights and the void it created in the clear bright starfield.  The shape appeared to be like that of a rectangle three times longer than its width with rounded corners.  There were four bluish-green lights near the corners.  Four amber lights forming a square in the center with a red light in the center of the square.  All lights were soft, not bright or piercing.  I thought it odd an alien craft would be lighted like that, without stealth. My best assessment of size is difficult.  I thought it to be far larger than an aircraft carrier and determining elevation was difficult on a dark night.  I would estimate  the bottom surface was 1,000 feet above ground.  I saw it travel about 1/8 mile, last seen almost overhead.  I watched amazed as I realized this is an alien craft.  It moved slowly in a south west direction. Just before 2:00am, I returned to my girlfriend ((female name deleted)) sleeping and urged her to come out and look at the craft.  To my lament she was reluctant to wake and go out.  Disappointed, I returned outside to see it had progressed and heading more south.  It was moving on a gentle arc or curved path.  I watched again for about a minute then went back to encourage ((female name deleted)) to come out.  I really wanted someone else to see what I was seeing.  Then I returned outside to see the object was gone to my great disappointment as it was there only 30 seconds before. It was nowhere in sight.  When I returned inside, it was 2:20.  I thought that odd as it should have only been 2:05 at the latest.  No other impression of time incongruity occurred other than the surprise at how quickly such a large object moved away. The next morning I was thinking why didn’t I check with the sheriff's office for other reports? I never did.  Can’t say why other than I understand “we are not alone”.  We are part of a universal community.  My studies are broad.  I report here now because I listen to your reports on the radio  C to C a.m. and this sighting ought to be recorded.  Also, I’ve always wondered who else has had the “hum inside” experience from proximity to a U.F.O.  That is what I believe happened.  If not for the hum experience I would not have gone outside to see the craft.  Seems likely it’s intentional.  Are they calling to us?  They did to me.  Why?  I’ve not heard of a body hum like what happened to me elsewhere.  Have you had other similar reports?  Is there another similar report from Sebastopol in 1982?  I might add, I have always been more sensitive to “energies” than the “average joe”. One of my studies is the Urantia Book and the following teachings, an off planet (Earth) source of knowledge and wisdom.  There it is said the celestial administrators of our planet have told our alien visitors to make themselves visible but do not engage.  But they do, don’t they.  That might explain the visible lights.  If your not familiar with the Urantia book and following teachings, they may help you in your work.  All made available on internet or published book.  If you have questions please ask.  URANTIA is the name of our planet to the rest of the universe.   Thank you for the work you do so truth may be known. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.4015803278688;-122.847996721312
