Hi Peter  My sister and I called you a week or so ago- we were  wondering about Jupiter in Sonoma County ( Sebastopol) Because of all o;1985-06-01 23:00:00;45 sec;Hi Peter   My sister and I called you a week or so ago- we were  wondering about Jupiter in Sonoma County (Sebastopol)   Because of all of the rays/gases coming off it- we did not know what it was.   Called the Sonoma County Sherriff dept and they gave us your number.  In our phone conversation- You explained it was Jupiter. In the conversation with you, I shared a UFO I had seen about 25 years ago and promised I would email it to you. Last night I was listening to Coast to Coast (as always) and you were on.  You were great and so clear and the main thing I heard from you was send in the report- no matter how long ago- for your records.  In our phone conversation, I promised I would report this to you. It was New Years Eve about 25 years ago. In my living room- I had 2 couches facing each other in front of the fireplace. My dear friend, ((name deleted)), was sitting on one couch facing me and I was looking out the huge window behind him.  He was talking and I saw an object o in the window behind him.  At that moment, I did not know what it was. It was elongated and had lights at each end and in the middle- seemed they were red and green or blue. blinking on and off but mostly on. I was so stunned  as I looked at it and tried to make sense of it in my mind.  It hung for a moment and I was too impressed by it to interrupt my friend.  I could not miss a moment of it.  After a moment, I swear- it went straight up in the sky- really straight up.  Before it went straight up- I tried to tell him  look backwards and see this by then it was gone.  SO FAST- SO SO FAST There is absolute no doubt in my mind that it was a UFO.  It was long-and seemed to have a cigar shaped center and shorter bottom and top level. I know it was something from out of this world.  The bottom might have been longer- Not sure I will never forget it. I felt so at one with it. It is weird but seemed so far away and so close at the same time.  It was so powerful- so clear. The shape was so unusual and difficult to describe.  The lights were not normal lights nor neon. I do not know what to say about the lights-  They were very bright but nothing I know. They were deeply clear like nothing I know.  The lights were sp strong- so clear- so there- I can still see them but do not really have words for them- round/oval/ perfect in dimension.  Distinct- different- just different This is more difficult than I thought- trying to convey what I saw.  What was there-  anyway ,  Dear Peter- thank you with all of my heart for what you are doing.  It was really difficultt for me to write this. I think one reason it is hard for folks to write is because it is so hard to explain what they have never seen before,   Blessings to all living things.  Thank you It wanted me to see it. I am grateful I had the oppurtunity. Very exciiting you saw your first ufo the eve we called. ((name deleted)) Sebastopol, Ca;38.4015803278688;-122.847996721312
