Cigar Shaped Object 30 feet above us glides over bus stop;1981-05-20 07:00:00;5 minutes;Cigar Shaped Object 30 feet above us glides over bus stop The year was 1982, and I would guess the month to be about April or May.  The sighting occurred at the bus stop, and we talked about it at school that day, so I remember the reaction of my classmates and it being towards the end of the year.   It was around 7 am in the morning and my sister, myself and 4 other children were waiting at the top of the drive above my house (house was down in a dip about 20 feet from the road) on the other side of the road, for our bus which would take us to school that day.   Our bus stop was the coming together of two dirt roads and also a kind of last point on the main road before the road took a bend to the right.  Up the road on the other side it was flat and straight for a good half mile.  A huge double row of 200 foot or more steel power lines crossed the road about half mile or more in the distance.  I could see the tops of the lines from the bus stop.   I think we were all standing there kinda sleepy, like no talking, when I happened to glance up the road and noticed a bright red light on the power lines.  It sat there a few seconds, and then left the lines and started following the road in our direction.  There were no other cars or people out just us.  I don't remember seeing the red light after it left the lines and I could barely make out a cigar shaped object.   Eventually it arrived over our heads, about 30 or so  feet.  It was really close.  It didn't take long to cover the distance down the road, but when it reached the bus stop, it almost stopped and began slowly inching along with the side of the object facing us.   At that point, it began to move off the road towards the tree line behind our house.  I remember it being just at the top of the trees behind our house and disappearing over the tree line.  That would have been correct because our house/treeline was much lower than our bus stop on top of the hill.   The object was grey to bluish grey, cigar shaped or kinda oblong cigar shaped.  I remember seeing a kinda window on the side up on the end and I had a creepy feeling like something was staring/checking us out.  Don't know how to explain that.   The object made no sound...that was the thing that even as a kid you knew was not correct, not natural.  It glided along on a straight perfect line as if on a track.   The other kids watched as it glided by, and I ran down the hill to my house, looking up and watching it as it passed over our house and into the tree line.;36.2577;-79.9737
