As a teenager I saw a flying saucer do triangular patterns then disappear. It had lights and was spinning;1980-06-01 23:00:00;15 minutes;As a teenager I saw a flying saucer do triangular patterns then disappear. It had lights and was spinning The incident occurred around 1980, I was living in Algonquin. I was lying in bed falling asleep, when I realized what I was staring at should not be.  I was looking south over an area that is now built up with houses and Spring Hill mall in West Dundee.  I did not see the craft, however I saw the lights and shape of the craft. It was a flying saucer with red green and blue lights.  The lights were spinning like in an Ed Wood film.  Classic flying saucer. I seemed to be dopey with sleep or?  When I realized what I was seeing after several minutes, I walked to my window to stare at it.  I did not get my mother , she would have whipped my butt for waking her.  After a few minutes, either the craft moved or a second then third appeared.  It was in the sky, then disappeared and reappeared directly below where it had been but much lower.  The distance was impossible to tell. I think it was the same craft, but there was no time delay. It was not like &quotblink-blink&quot!  it was here, then lower.  Then it moved again to the right[west] of where it had originally been, level with the first location but all 3 were equidistant from the other forming an even sided triangle. It sat in the original spot a long time, then down, then over for a few moments each. Then disappeared. I lost a few hours that night beforehand.  The timing was so precise, the distance as well. I then went to bed, and had a strange animal experience like in a book from 1985 that I read a bit of. I lied in my bed and saw 2 lights at the top and bottom of my dresser perfectly lined up and centered. The lights blinked in perfect unison. I was so scared I nearly shit my pants. When I worked up the courage to turn the light on, I found 2 lightning bugs. They flew off immediately and I thought nothing of it until I read many abductees have strange animal sightings. [insect in my case] I have never seen anything like what I witnessed outside of science fiction, I truly believe it ! was a UFO. I have thought of being hypnotized to investigate, ! but neve r have. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));42.1643;-88.3123999999999
