Large, brilliant 'flashlight' arced off.;2004-03-04 21:30:00;1 minute;Large, brilliant 'flashlight' arced off. We were leaving the house for a short time.  My wife was putting our daughter in the child seat and I had walked around to the opposite side of our car.  The night sky was fairly clear and I always enjoy checking out the stars, whenever possible.  I happened to look up, wanting to catch some of the nearby planets (that are in good view right now) and stars.  I noticed an unusually large light (about the size of a small pea, at arm's length) shining VERY brightly, nearby another fairly bright star.  I thought it unusual that two abnormally bright stars were clusted together, so I fixed my gaze a little more.  One looked to be simply a bright star.  The light on the right (approx. WNW of the other one in view) side grew extremely bright, almost as though a gigantic flashlight was shining straight down toward me.  I commented outloud for my wife to look, but she was busy constraining our child within the seatbelts (she doesn't really get into star-gazing much anyway).  I never broke my gaze, from the moment it caught my eye.  It grew very bright (almost pure white...brilliant) and then arced-off, for lack of a better description.  It looked as though it 'rolled around' and I lost complete sight of the object.  My best attempt at describing how it disappeared was that it looked like a very small eclipse.  I verified that there were very few clouds in the area, if at all.  The nearby 'star' on the left didn't change much throughout the whole ordeal (I suppose it was a true star).  After it 'turned off', I quickly scanned the sky for reference points.  From my best guess (sorry I'm not more specific) I would say that this observance was in the NW sky area.  I saw the open 'scoop' of the Big Dipper point up toward the North Star and noticed that the light I clearly saw, was off-alignment, over toward the NW (as the scoop-alignment pointed off toward my upper left).  This event happened off to my upper right.  When we returned, and all during our driving time to and from our destination, I kept scanning the sky for any oddities.  I saw none.  Perhaps someone else in the middle TN area saw something similar? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.3401278260869;-86.7194895652174
Light following space station;2009-07-07 22:06:00;Approx. 1 min.;Light following space station My wife and I were watching the space station going across the sky when a smaller light appearing to be in the same orbit appeared approximately 10 seconds behind the space station. The smaller light suddenly disappeared when it was just below the big dipper. As we live on a hill we were able to watch the Space Station as it disappeared in the horizon. The smaller light did not reappear. We often observe satellites from this location. The sky was clear with only wispy clouds that didn't interfer with our observation. Was this another satellite trailing the space station? We've never seen this one before, or a satellite to just suddenly disappear in the dark of night.;36.3401278260869;-86.7194895652174
