Slow moving odd shaped object flying on hitt lane in goodlettsville, tn;2008-03-10 21:00:00;5 min;Slow moving odd shaped object flying on hitt lane in goodlettsville, tn I was driving down Hitt lane heading towards Old Dickerson Pike. Upon Turning onto the road from Brick Church Pike, my passenger and I witnessed a slow moving craft just above the tree line. At first, it seemed as if it was car headlights on top of a hill (there is a hill that you are facing as soon as you turn onto Hitt lane from brick church pike). As i drove closer to the hill, it turns beside it with a tree line to the right(in the direction that i was moving). The lights i saw ontop of the hill had moved down the hill towards me. I looked up out of my driver side window, and i saw an odly shaped craft that was moving slower that me, it seemed, in the opposite direction. My window was down and the radio was not turned on. This said, i heard no noise personally. Again, this object with lights was not shaped like anything that i have wittnessed. It was only 50 feet (at most) above my head. The best way that i can describe this is a craft with rounded backward wings. it had a spade like tail. I wish i could draw something on this description to help. It was not like my normal idea of what a space ship would look like. The most important aspect to make me believe that it was something Unidentified is the fact that it was only above the tree line, Moving extemely slow (i think slower than 40 mph), and most of all, it made no noise. (even a helicopter would have been loud at that altitude). To be honest, it freaked me out a bit. So, i didn't stick around to see which way it went. But It headed towards brick church pike when i drove off. I don't remember the exact date, but i know it was between saint patrick's day and the end of march. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));36.3401278260869;-86.7194895652174
Object with row of 6 or 7 lights, moving in sky with non-linear changes of speed and direction.;2016-04-18 21:28:00;20 minutes;Object with row of 6 or 7 lights, moving in sky with non-linear changes of speed and direction. I looked up into the sky and saw an object moving around, appearing as a row of 6 or 7 lights across what I would say was the front of it.  This appeared to be one object – not 6 or 7 objects.  I got the impression it could have been round, but could only see it as a row or line of lights.   The lights were usually white, sometimes there would be a red light or two that would appear, and then vanish.  At times it appeared the lights were rotating, but there was no consistent pattern.   The moon was bright in the sky and even though there was a very thin layer of haze from clouds, for the most part the sky appeared clear.  It was possible to see the stars through the haze. Size of the object was difficult to estimate.  The “front” of the object appeared to be similar to what the length of a typical commercial passenger jet would be at that same position in the sky. What caught my attention the most was the way the object was moving – up, down, side to side, back and forth, fast, slow, doing “turns on a dime”, and having such sudden acceleration to “hop” around the sky while it was changing its direction.   Sometimes it was moving fast, other times slower.  No conventional aircraft – plane (jet or not), blimp, or helicopter – could have done these maneuvers, especially at speed.  It displayed varying rates of speed, which were not linear, and it did not matter whether it was climbing, turning, etc.  There was no correlation of direction of movement to change of speed.   It certainly wasn’t a balloon, either.  The area of the sky in which it appeared is just west of the usual flight path of jets, yet there were no aircraft in the area that I could see until right before it disappeared. I have lived near military bases and airports and have never seen aircraft do these types of maneuvers.  I did attempt to video the object but there was too much ambient light for it to show up.;36.3401278260869;-86.7194895652174
