On the morning of Sat., November 1st, 2014, between 6:40 am and 6:45 am, I was traveling south in Texas highway 95.;2014-11-01 06:45:00;8 seconds;On the morning of Saturday, November 1st, 2014, between 6:40 am and 6:45 am, I was traveling south in Texas highway 95 approximately between the towns of Holland and Sparks, Texas, and probably less than ten miles south of the town of Little River Academy, Texas (Bell County).   I was wondering that morning if it would rain and kept looking at the sky to see if I spotted rain clouds but the sky was clear and I managed to see an aircraft in the distance coming from an east direction.   All of a sudden right above to my right and almost in front of the road at a height which I calculated visually to be between 15,000 feet or maybe less a combination of lights traveling in unison appeared.   The lights appeared to be part of a structured or craft that had some sort of magnetic field that appeared to make half of it invisible to the eye or was blending with the sky and the rear part of it was visible and the lights were white bright, green, blue, celeste and other effects that I would say are not made by no known human technology.   I would have to admit this was a shocking as well as a life changing event as I have been secretly a skeptic with this type of phenomenon.  The lights from this craft were absolutely beautiful and something I have never seen in my life.   It took me a moment to register what I had witnessed and I had dangerously lost focused of the road I was driving on and calculate I slowed my vehicle from 65 mph to about 30 to 35 mph in a 70 mph road.  Afraid I would cause a traffic accident, I gradually brought the vehicle to an appropriate speed and looked to my right to see if the object or craft would reappear again, but it was gone, and I decided to continue my journey home from work.   I work the overnight shift at a correctional institution as a correctional officer and I was glad as I thought about this incident that it did not happen during Halloween night or the hours of 12 midnight and 5 am with no sun about to appear it would have been a terrifying experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other report from Texas for the same time and date.  PD));30.8763;-97.3839
