Saw A bright light dart across the sky.;1984-08-10 23:00:00;45 sec;Saw A bright light dart across the sky. I was fishing at night with a friend a couple of weeks after a meteor shower on a beautiful August night. Fishing was slow so I looked to the sky to see if I could spot any meteors. I saw a light dancing just above the mountains. I yelled to my friend to look and we both saw it speed to a stop, and then dart off to where we could no longer see it. We later heard what sounded like jets flying overhead minutes later, but we could not see lights from the aircraft. A couiple of years ago talking to a work mate who lives about five miles away from our sighting, said his son spotted a low flying sauser with lights that he also saw hovering above his house around Chritmas of around 1997. Seeing the other spottings in Pa has made me want to log my sighting in. Hope someday to see it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.7782;-77.7855
Blinking light observed flying west to east at extreme speed.;1999-08-01 21:00:00;2-3 seconds;Blinking light observed flying west to east at extreme speed. While in back yard at dusk having just finshed playing with a helicopter type toy we noticed a very bright satelite heading SE from NW.  I then observed a blinking red light traveling across the sky from west to east. I assumed it was a plane but soon realized that it was moving much too fast. The object only blinked two or three times (perhaps once per second) and was gone.  I could clearly make out the speed and trajectory as extremely fast and straight line.  I would guess the elevation to be 5-10K and there was no sound at all. I had apro 90 deg view of sky with trees on both horizons.  The entire sighting lasted maybe two or three seconds.  It was particularly interesting given the two objects in the sky at the same time.  My wife ask me if could have been a satelite and I only had to point to the one going over and compare.  I tried to get her attention to see the fast moving object but it was gone before she could get a look.  It did not appear to be a meteor as I could clearly distinguish a strobing light.;40.7782;-77.7855
