Two diamond shaped objects remained stationary above the highway.;2018-02-18 18:45:00;20 minutes;Two diamond shaped objects remained stationary above the highway. While driving northbound on Ohio 7, my roommate and I spotted two diamond shaped craft stationary above the highway.  The two of us were returning to Ohio State University at Proctorville, when two amber colored diamond shaped objects caught our attention. After stopping on the highway shoulder, it appeared that both of the objects remained motionless in the vicinity of Ohio 7 and Irene Road, which was our exit.  The two objects appeared to be the same size, approximately 25 feet in height and equally as much in diameter.  Both of us counted three sides on top of the objects and three sides on the bottom of the objects.  The objects appeared to present the same face to us.  So, I’m assuming that there were the same number of sides on the reverse, or the backside of the objects. The objects could not have been more than 500 feet above the highway exit, and, considering that it was approximately a half hour after sunset, both objects illuminated the ground beneath them.  The color was amber to gold, and there were times when the intensity became momentarily brighter.  Both of the objects swayed slightly from side-to-side, accompanied by a slight increase in altitude, before they returned to their original position in the sky. As I later recalled, neither of the two objects had made any sound.  But, as we had made our way north toward the highway exit, the radio broadcast in the car had begun to crackle. In fact, the broadcast had momentarily quit before it came back to life. After twenty minutes, both of the diamond shaped objects became noticeably smaller.  Without taking my eyes from them, they became smaller again.  That’s when it became apparent to me that both of these objects were backing away from us—stepping back towards the horizon, where they disappeared from view. As the objects receded on the horizon, I remember being startled by the blast of a police car siren.  It appeared to be a state trooper, who accelerated at great speed over the hill, heading east in the direction of the funeral home and the university—and the two objects that had hung over the highway. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.453;-82.4473
