It was a white sphere and it was keeping pace with my car;1991-08-28 00:30:00;15 minutes;It was a white sphere and it was keeping pace with my car What we saw cannot be of this earth!  I was driving home on a semi-desolate county road with a co-worker.  She was sitting in the passenger's seat.  We both were gov't workers at the time working the evening shift at the local VA hospital. She was an RN and I was a CNA.  At 12:30AM, she looked out her window and saw what she thought was the moon and said it was very low and bright that night.  I looked out her window and saw that it was moving through the trees and over the tops of the occasion house or two.  We were heading east on the road.  A couple of minutes later, it moved to my side of the car and was only about 100 yards from the road.  It was keeping pace with us.  When we came upon an open field, I decided to stop and get out to investigate what this thing might be.  So I got out of the car and this sphere just hovered above the field.  Again, it was about 100 yards away from me and about 200 yards above the ground.  My passenger elected to remain in the car.  It looked to be 3x the size of a basketball from the distance where I stood.  No noise, no sound, no trail,no pulsing lights....just a bright white light that seemed to steadily emanate from within the craft.  After a minute or two, I walked toward the thing and it moved away.  I slowly walked backward toward my car again and it came forward again.  I did this a few times and realized this was no weather balloon or any type of natural phenomenon.  I finally asked out loud, Who are you?  It then grew brighter and my car stalled and the radio began flipping through all the stations rapidly before everything finally quit on the car altogether.  After what I thought was 10 minutes, I got back in the car to start it up and it wouldn't start.  Then, everything came back on again and I turned the key and we were out of there in a shot!  But the craft remained behind my car and it was in view of my rear-view mirror, but it traveled over the road this time.  We were doing 80 mph for several miles until it disappeared.  When I dr! opped off my passenger and got back to my house, the clock in the car read 12:50AM as did my watch.  But, upon entering my home, I looked at the clock in my livingroom, it read 2:55AM as did the other clocks in the house.  I called my co-worker at her house and asked her to look at her watch and then the clocks in her house.  She, too, became scared and we both wondered what happened to the 2 hours that were missing from what should've been only a 40 minute drive.  As it turned out, many people in the area saw this thing.  2 of my brothers saw it and they lived in 2 seperate towns.  One in Victor, NY and the other in Ithaca, NY.  Apparently this thing had been seen all around the Fingerlakes region for most of that evening.  Most of my other co-workers also saw this thing as they drove home too.  My passenger no longer remembers this incident, but I do!  It still remains a mystery as to what happened to those 2 missing hours.  I had another sighting 3 and 1/2 years later on this same road, which I will post in a seperate message.  By the way, I now live in SW Florida.;42.8699999999998;-77.2790999999998
