High alltitude V-shape, slow moving;2004-07-27 01:00:00;25min;High alltitude V-shape, slow moving At a very late time at night I was outside my house looking up at an unusually clear night sky when I soon locked my eyes on an object at a VERY high altitude but still had the shape of a mid high airliner so it was obvioulsy of an immense size. The object was a V shape but came to points. The object had faint lights on the tips of the wings and on the front tip. The object moved in a zig-zag path but didnt appear to be making much distance. Soon a friend came and picked me up but I made him pull over so I could point the object out to him. I was able to direct him to the object in the nights sky and sure enough it was stil WAY up there slowly moving in this zig-zag formation making no noise at all. The object was not completly opaque, it had an extremely faint metallic green-blue tint. We were able to watch it for a very very long time so we diceded it wasnt going anywhere soon so we drove to find another place to view it but when we arrived about 10min later it was no longer in the sky. I do not know if this was a black triangle that was distorted by the dark of night or somthing like that. But since it was so high up I was just wondering if anybody else on the coast of california had seen this during the summer of 2004 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.6139;-121.9189
Bright Orange Sphere Seen At Night Over Calif. Coast Line.;2013-04-02 20:30:00;3-4 minutes;Bright Orange Sphere Seen At Night Over Calif. Coast Line. An hour or two after dark, I was at the main local beach on the coast line of the Southern end of Monterey Bay.  I was out for a typical night time sea shore trail walk which I do off and on. I was up on a 35 to 40 foot bluff that overlooks this rocky shoreline beach. It was a fairly clear evening but quite cold, so no one else was down in this area at this time. While looking out over the Bay I noticed a bright orange object in the sky to the North. It was moving slowly South and towards me. I am 61 years old and have lived here for 60 of those years. I spend much time taking almost daily and many evenings walks down by the our rocky coast line. I have seen thousands of airplanes and even helicopters come in at night from the North (San Francisco Bay Area ) and South (from the Los Angeles area ). which land at our Monterey Peninsula airport. I know exactly what these look like (and sound like) at night from far away distances all the way, until they pass over my head and land at our local airport. This object looked nothing like regular air traffic.  It made no noise.  It moved very  slowly. It went perpendicular to the regular airport landing strip flight paths. It came right over me. It was quiet while doing so.  No engine or other motor noise at all. It had no small lights or bright landing ones.  It was just all bright orange.  Its shape was not exact because its bright light distorted this, but I kept thinking I was looking at a Chinese lantern.  It was a ball but with what seemed to be a somewhat beveled top and bottom. I have never seen a UFO and I must say I was a bit uneasy feeling when this passed over me at low altitude (guessing 1,000 feet?) and with no noise.  Its bright orange light was the same approaching as it was when it distanced itself after passing over me.  Approaching plane lights change once they pass over you. I figured this glowing orange object had to be the size of a large truck or small bus judging from its size at the altitude I assume it was at.  From my ground level vantage point, it was the size of small orange held at arm's length. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));36.6139;-121.9189
