At 20:00 hours, on March 29, 1999, I was closing my upstairs bedroom window that looks out to the Monterey Bay, I noticed that two star;1999-03-29 20:00:00;4 minutes;At 20:00 hours, on March 29, 1999, I was closing my upstairs bedroom window that looks out to the Monterey Bay, I noticed that two stars were starting to move to the Southwest, then turned started to come towards the shore.  I grabbed a pair of small binoculars and ran outside on my deck, at that point, to the naked eye, I watched these two sheres, come together and forma a 'Triangle'.  I was excited, because I read so much about these type craft.  In my sight line, thru the binoculars, I could make out the shape with a white light on both sides and a red type light in the front, I am an ex-pilot and live directly under the flight approach path, for the 'Monterey Peninsula Airport', I know what different aircraft come and go at all times of the day.  There was no sound at all, I watched the craft go out over the Bay towards Santa Cruz, Calif.  It was heading due North to NW. At about 2 to 3 minutes, another aircraft was in the distance coming towards it, it seemed like a small propeller, private plane.  And then there was a normal commercial jet that was over my head about 8,000 feet in the approach path for San Jose International Airport, I could here the regular engine sound as it went over my head.  At that time the Triangular Craft had gone out of sight.  From the time I viewed it, there was no sound at all and there was no other activity over the Bay that was making any sound at all, except a high tide, with normal ocean noise, (as I live a block from the beach).  I did not report any of this to any Police or Airport tower agenccies, as I was excited and at the same time watching the Nat'l College Basketball Game on T.V. I called one friend, who is interested in this type of data, after my sighting.  Keep up the good work, as I am always interested in your fine Web Site and continuing coverage on 'Art Bell's radio show. Thank you, have a great day!  Ciao,  J.F.;36.6139;-121.9189
