100 or so- Bright (some were dim) String-Like-Vertically Positioned-Non Moving Objects- littered throughout the sky-;2020-03-27 03:00:00;35 minutes;100 or so- Bright(some were dim) String-Like-Vertically Positioned-Non Moving Objects- littered throughout the sky- On March 27, 2020, at approximately 3:00 a.m., I was awoken by a helicopter, that kept flying over my residence for longer than normal.  I live in La Verne, California (Southern), near the I-210 freeway.  As I looked out my 2nd story bedroom window, facing towards the east.  I observed a vertically positioned, NON-MOVING, brightly colored, string-like object (white & blue lights-non flashing) approximately 2 or 3 miles away.  The object looked like a string, completely intact, and not like a string of pearls.  I then observed a police helicopter circling many times around this object (both the helicopter & the object were the exact same height above the ground- approximately 900 feet or so.  It was obviously still dark outside, so I couldn’t identify the paint markings on the police helicopter (unknown department).  However, being a law enforcement officer (20 years), I saw the lighting which gave it away.  Whoever he/she (pilot) is, they MOST definitely saw ! that object, by the way they were circling so closely and so many times.   I then began to look around the sky, which was littered with these objects.  They were mostly dim, higher up, and there appeared to be a dark cloud covering.   The dimmer objects were also, vertically positioned, NON-MOVING, and not touching each other.  Against my better, more “logical” thought process, I couldn’t help thinking that the world was on lock down for a pandemic, and now, here we were (pilot(s) and I), looking at these objects ominously staggered throughout the sky.  Their positioning could be seen over Mount Baldy, San Dimas, La Verne, Claremont, Pomona, and perhaps farther.  However, that’s as far as my eyes take me in the dark.  I grabbed my I-Phone and took a couple of pictures of the brighter object (see attached pics).  I am obviously not a photographer, nor am I digitally inclined.  Through my screened window, I took the best picture that I possibly could.  The size of the “object! ” was slightly smaller than the helicopter, which continued to! circle around it a few more times.  Also, not knowing the correct photo settings, the pictures do not show just how bright the object was.  I then attempted to take a video, which wasn’t much better.  I will admit, I was fearful of going outside, they didn’t quite give us training for that in my academy.  However, I needed a witness(es), and woke up two family members, who, tiredly, and briefly, looked out the window.  They observed the bright object, and quickly dismissed it, as satellites, belonging to Elon Musk.  They laughed as they went back to bed, not realizing there were a hundred more in the sky, or what my picture would show the next morning.  I continued to stay up for 30 minutes, watching the objects remain in the same spot (vertically), before also dismissing it.  The next morning the objects were gone, and I felt that something JUST wasn’t right.  I then began to research everything from satellites, meteor showers, to falling stars, and anything else, that could expla! in it away.  When the research didn’t explain it away, I poured through the internet to see if anyone reported it, especially, THAT helicopter pilot.  Nothing!  I then called a few of my law enforcement contacts(my dispatch and local dispatch).  Those contacts yielded no further information, but more importantly, NO explanation.  I waited two days researching before deciding to report this to your web site.  Please keep in mind, my pictures are zoomed in as far as my phone allows.  At first glance, the object looks like a part of my window screen, it is not (also attached-daytime picture of same screen intact/not torn).  Hopefully someone else comes forward with an observation, or an explanation, because I am ALL OUT of them! Thank you.;34.1203;-117.7703
