Triangle craft crosses over US 23 North of Holly, MI on 06/09/1997  @ 22:30;1997-06-09 22:30:00;3 min;Triangle craft crosses over US 23 North of Holly, MI on 06/09/1997  @ 22:30 Travelling South on US 23 my wife and I spotted a light on the East side of the highway.  We were at the top of a hill and the light was at the bottom and to the left.  The light shined in our direction and it was at this point we realized it was not a fixed light or object.   Continuing down the long hill, we notice that the object was going to travel over the highway at Grange Hall Rd.  We stopped the car in the slow lane as we were the only car on the South-bound side.  The Triangle craft slowly crossed the highway at just above tree-level.   The craft was metallic silver and details are as follows:  approx. 300ft from point to the trailing edge of the triangle.  There was a fuselage type of belly extending about 60 ft from the leading point with a concave area following the fuselage.  In the concave area, their were 2 lights that had a wire mesh covering (the same as found in gyms and other places where the lights are protected).  The first light was Red and the second was white and appeared to be standard bulbs.   The bottom of the craft had what appeared to be rivets along the inner fuselage and outside edge. Three round lights approx. 5 ft. in diameter and appearing as pool light covers were at the craft's 3 points, illuminated but not shining down.  The craft had 2 large cylindrical objects above forming a cross.  The Cylindrical objects were larger than the craft in length and we could see a ladder with hoses attaching the two parts.   There was gaseous cloud that obscured the upper portion of the craft.  The craft was silent and had no effect on the vehicle operation.   After the craft passed overhead, we continued southbound to reach the next exit (Holly) to turn around and chase the craft.  We saw a traffic jam of vehicles on the North bound side, all flashing their lights heading towards where the craft had passed over the highway.   We speculate that since there was no traffic previously during the 5 minutes the craft took to cross the highway, someone controlled the traffic on both sides and we happened to slip through their blockade.   A local radio station had a short story of the object with one witness asking if anyone else had seen something strange crossing the highway.;42.7905;-83.6127
White flashing lights in a triagular shape (not an airplane);2012-04-28 23:00:00;20 seconds;white flashing lights in a triagular shape (not an airplane) I was standing outside in my backyard and looked up at the sky, there was low clouds and I seen a triangle type shape of white flashing lights.  at first of course i thought it was an airplane because of the lights and there shape but there were other lights that flash around the triangle but not as often.  it was mainly traveling like an aircraft from earth but then a few times I seen it go in a circular motion that looked impossible for anything the us government might have. pretty crazy and I've actually seen one before in the same area about 7 years ago.;42.7905;-83.6127
