Saw darting object in the night sky, move fast, stop, move fast stop. Then it flew  low over my house and I heard the UFO.;1986-10-15 19:00:00;30 minutes;Saw darting object in the night sky, move fast, stop, move fast stop. Then it flew  low over my house and I heard the UFO. Off in the distance, north/west a jarting lighted object was seen. Stop, jart forward then stop. In a back and forth movement. This object was observed by my 2 children for 3 days. I wouldn't look until the 3rd day because I thought the kids were making it up. They watched it and kept yelling for me to look. Finally on the 3rd night, I looked and saw it jarting back and forth. Then the shock! It flew right over my house. I could HEAR IT. It whooshed, quiet sound, just like that a whoose. It was right over the house, it looked like a bonnet, the top was flattened and where it flatted to meet the brim, were the lights. All around the brim were individual lights, yellow, blues, and whitish yellow. The lights seemed to go from low beam to high beam constantly, like pulsing lights. When it flew towards my house, I was in shock and got scared. When it was above the house, it was hard to tell the size,it was more than 3 houses long and a block wide, and I could hear it. I called the police when I saw it off in the distance, but they treated me like a moron. This siting was never in the news or the papers. 8 years later in the local paper, someone asked about seeing it, and the reporter said, yes the whole town had reported it. So, maybe you have other reports of it. I have for years been trying to find someplace to report it and hope to god, I have found the right spot. This was definately, a UFO, and hearing it is something I have not heard anyone else report hearing, only seeing. The sound of this UFO was a whoooooosh, a quiet sound, no motor sound, not an airplane sound. More like waving a stick in the air, but this was quiet, hugh sound. It's speed was fast, it moved from the distance to over my house in a split second. Yet, slow enough for me to see the lights, and hear it. All my windows were closed, not double paned windows, so sounds can be heard. Amazing, frightening and I am very angry at this city repressing the sighting. If you were to question this city, I know you would hear from everyone that saw it. I saw it in the north/west and when it came toward me and flew over my house that would have been south.;38.2480280000001;-122.6506384
Object moved from South to North, at the speed of a plane.Appeared metallic. Saucer shaped, but about as tall as wide.About pea-sized, ;2000-01-23 11:05:00;2 to 3 min.;Object moved from South to North, at the speed of a plane.Appeared metallic. Saucer shaped, but about as tall as wide.About pea-sized, at arm's length. The single object was first spotted from moving car. It crossed over the road and was watched for 2 to 3 min.from outside car, until it was obscured by buildings as it moved near the horizon. Object moved steadily, at moderate speed from approximately South to North. Object appeared dull silver in color.Its shape was like two cones, joined at the rims, but with the tips truncated, so that it appeared somewhat saucer-shaped, but about as tall as it was wide. Several short, dark rods were seen near the bottom, arranged radially, with respect to the center of the object. At its largest, the object probably appeared about the size of a large pea, held at arm's length.The weather was overcast, the light level rather low.Two witnesses are retired merchants, the other a writer.;38.2480280000001;-122.6506384
