bright light;2005-09-23 19:00:00;2hrs/1mo.;bright light unknown light in the southwest sky appeared after the storm RITA and lasted for about 2 hrs for about one month and never moved that we know of then one eav. it was gone...its an year later at the same time and still no light...some thought it was a star or an satilite, I said it was aliens watching how people were surviving after an natural desaster...who knows;30.4135;-93.9933
An orange light that seemed to move when it wasn't illuminated.;2013-09-02 21:00:00;15 minutes;An orange light that seemed to move when it wasn't illuminated. At approximately 9:00 p.m., I was sitting on my porch and noticed a light.  Since it was remaining stationery, what caught my attention was the orange hew and how low it seemed to be, yet not close to where we were.  It was a singular light above the tree line across the street. I couldn't say what the distance was. I kept my eyes on it, my daughter came out and I asked her what it was, specifying what it couldn't possibly be due to it's nature.  During that time it  disappeared.  Being it was around the trees, I assumed I moved my sight in a way that a limb was obstructing it. My daughter and I walked out into the yard until we spotted it again.  It was a bit lower but of the same orange hew.  Although we never seen any actual movement of it, we would lose sight of it for a second only to find it in a lower position. This went on about 10 more minutes.  Since we had to keep adjusting our positions to gain sight of it again, we eventually zigzagged our way across the street to the neighbor's yard.  Had I first seen it at the level it was at this point, I wouldn't have noticed it because our security lights are of this same color. Once it reached to where it was eye level, it seemed more of a whiter light.  And at this level it seemed to be in the woods.  Then it was just gone. I did see an aircraft flying perpendicular to the object.  I decided to note this when I seen it in the options below. There wasn't anything glamorous about it.  It didn't flicker, flash, or dart around the sky. Just one round light that seemed to keep playing peek-a-boo with us. I did call our County's sheriff's office to ask if anyone reported or inquired of this light.  I explained to the dispatcher what we had just seen and she'd not had any calls on it nor offered any accurate suggustions as to what it could be.  No report was filed. I'm 36, married, mother of a 14 year old, and a housewife.  I'm sure that what we seen is something I've never seen before and couldn't relate it to any logical explanation. Unless someone can definitively tell me otherwise, I believe I seen a U.F.O.   I didn't get excited or anxious.  I just kept watching, waiting for some kind of behavior from it that I could just say, Oh, that's a...  That didn't happen so I called the sheriff's office.  It was an odd experience I never thought I would ever have. Thank you for your time.;30.4135;-93.9933
