Fast moving object  in middle of day;2000-12-06 12:30:00;15 seconds;Fast moving object  in middle of day My wife and I were in our backyard playing with our dogs at lunch time when I spotted a object traveling from the northeast to the southwest. There were other airplains in the sky which were leaving contrails but this object was moving much faster then the other airplanes and it was leaving no contrails. It seemed to be about the same altitude as all other airplains. I told my wife to keep an eye on the object while I ran inside to get my binoculars and by the time I grabbed them and came outside(5 seconds)it vanished. She told me that it just dissappeared. If I had to describe the shape I would say it was Cigar shape and it was white in color.;38.292343852459;-104.661419672131
A bright white light hovered over Pueblo Blvd. bridge over the Arkansas River, about 30 ft. above traffic, but no traffic seemed to see;2005-10-20 22:00:00;45 minutes;A bright white light hovered over Pueblo Blvd. bridge over the Arkansas River, about 30 ft. above traffic, but no traffic seemed to see My friends and I were parked in my friend's car at Pueblo City Park, in the dirt lot directly behind the skate park. We were parked right next to the drop off to the Arkansas river and the fence to the little basesball park behind the skate park. We were facing the bridge of Pueblo Blvd as it goes over the Arkansas River. We were sitting there for about 20 seconds before we noticed there was an odd light hovering above the Pueblo Blvd. bridge. It was a bright white light, but the light from this object seemed to only radiate outwards horizontally, diagonally upward, and seemingly upwards. It did not appear that the light could have been seen should you have been lower in elevation than it was in the slightest. The elevation of the craft was approximately the same as our current elevation, as the bridge seemed to be 25-30ft lower in elevation. We could not see what the shape of the craft was. We were amazed because it was hovering directly over passing cars, but those cars apparently were not aware of the bright white light we saw above them and no glare from the white light shown off the cars or the road. It sat there for about 15 minutes, ever so slightly wavering back and forth along the length of the road, and to our amazement no cars beneath were aware of this bright white light above them. Then the light turned off and there was nothing where it had been. About another minute later the white light turned back on, but it was closer to us, over the river, about halfway between us and the bridge it had previously hovered over. This time, there were two more lights apparently attached to the craft. The big white light on top, a small orange light to the bottom right beneath the white one, and a small red light to the bottom left of the white light, just slightly lower than the orange one. All of these lights were round at this time. The white light appeared to shine like a light bulb, in every direction equally, and out of the middle of this appeared part of the light was focusing like ! a spotli ght. The glare from the shifting spotlight effect started at our upper left, then appeared to scan across us to the bottom right, then back to the upper left. I began filming the light with my video phone, and the light moved closer to us over the river. This was the closest it had gotten to us. Just as my 45-second recording ended, we noticed a pair of headlights behind us driving toward where we were, and we watched to see if it was a cop. You're not allowed to be in the park past 10pm, which we were doing, so we wanted to know if it was a cop. Well, it was. We could see the spotlights on it and the emergency light fixture on top. It drove up behind our car and we started our car and started to drive off, the whole time the ufo was still shining brightly, proudly displaying itself over the river. The cop followed us out of the skate park area onto a one way road out of the park with no turn offs. We didn't look back, but the cop's headlights were very bright and very close behind us. All of the sudden the headlights turn off. We look back, and where there had been a cop driving behind us not even 30ft behind, there was nothing but an empty road for about 125ft behind us. There was no where for the cop to turn off and the road behind us was well lit by a street light. That cop car simply vanished.  The next night we returned to the same spot. There was that same light hovering over the same bridge, but this time the light was just slightly dimmer, and the white light attached to the craft appeared to be a pyramid-shaped bright white light that was rotating counterclockwise. Each edge of this pyramid shaped white light seemed to be darker than the flat surfaces emitting the light. Again, while it was hovering over the road it did not have the lower orange and red lights turned on. It hovered over the bridge for about 10 minutes, then the light turned off and it vanished. About five minutes after that, it turned its light back on, appearing on our side of the bridge, but off to the right above the tree line. This time, the red and orange lights were turned on again and the white light was too bright to see the pyramid shape. It kept the same elevation the whole time, but moved around very very slowly over the trees. It then turned all lights off and vanished again. About 5 seconds later, it re-appeared in the direction of the Arkansas river, but at least 4 miles farther away. It moved back and forth for about 15 seconds, then turned off again. About 5 seconds later, it appeared even farther away on the horizon, moved around for about 15 seconds, then turned off again. We sat there for about half an hour and it re-appeared between us and the bridge, over the river, but this time slightly lower in elevation to us. This was the closest it had gotten to us. The red light on the bottom began to slowly increase in intensity, then decrease, then increase, and back and forth. The main white light appeared to scan us again and the craft began moving even closer to us. This time it didn't appear it was trying to scare us off by slightly moving toward us, this time it looked like the thing was coming for us. My friend started his car, peeled out backing up while turning around, then peeled out toward the exit to the skate park area. The white light behind us came right up to where our car had been parked, and m! y friend floored it toward the exit to city park, as it exits onto Pueblo Blvd. The light did not follow us out of the skate park area, it just came right up to where we had been parked and we lost sight of it. At the closest, this light was about 4/5 of a football field away from us. The only thing we could think is that it was a military drone aircraft of some type.  Also, this craft never made any sound we could hear. Both nights it was about 10pm and both nights were very dark with very little star visibility. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.292343852459;-104.661419672131
saw object move in a zig zag motion. with a bright white light that changed and dimmed. the object moved rapidly to the eastern horizon;2008-06-21 23:00:00;3min;saw object move in a zig zag motion. with a bright white light that changed and dimmed. the object moved rapidly to the eastern horizon and went out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.292343852459;-104.661419672131
Huge smoke like trail going across the sky;2012-11-08 23:00:00;20 seconds;Huge smoke like trail going across the sky I was on my way to get my mother from work about 11:00pm downtown in Pueblo, Colorado, on the night of 11/8/12.   Heading from North to the South I saw a huge white cloud looking object appear and go across the sky and then disappear, kind of how airplanes leave a trail of smoke, only this was much larger and late at night.  It lasted about 20 to 30 seconds.  I saw it while I was driving and didn't know what I was seeing.   I pulled over to check it out.  It went across the sky very fast but the stream behind it was extreamly long and lasted a long time.;38.292343852459;-104.661419672131
I feel our bodies are taken by E.T'S AND ALSO THE MIND OR BODY MAY ALSO BE POSSESSED BY PAST SPIRITS OF THE EVIL OR WHAT NOT SEX, AND M;2021-07-05 10:00:00;Still durating;I feel our bodies are taken by E.T'S AND ALSO THE MIND OR BODY MAY ALSO BE POSSESSED BY PAST SPIRITS OF THE EVIL OR WHAT NOT SEX, AND MIND READING IS A FACTOR OUR CITY HAS HAD PREVIOUS INSIDENTS OF FACTORY SEXUAL ASSAULT CASES WHICH NOT SURE 100% ON ACCURACY ON FACTS, HOWEVER THE STEEL MILL SEEMS LIKE A HOT SPOT FOR BOTH SPIRITUAL AND VISITING GUEST.;38.292343852459;-104.661419672131
