Round glowing fire like ball in Ontario.;2011-07-01 00:00:00;10 minutes;Round glowing fire like ball in Ontario. So my wife and I were heading home approx. midnight on july 1, 2011, when my wife noticed a glowing ball above an antenna.  She pointed it out, it was circling the antenna.   I was driving and when I tried to see what she saw, I barely caught a glimpse of it before it was completely gone.   Our corner to turn was basically at the sighting location.  As I turned, it came directly at our car.  I actually ducted ((sic.  Ducked)) in the car, because I was sure it was going to hit us.  But it didn't and once again gone.   Less then 30 seconds from this, we were in the driveway and my wife already had her cell out with the camera on.  No sooner from getting out of the car, it came again, towards our house, and then gone like it was in perhaps the same direction it came.  The speed was amazingly fast and no sound.  I took afew pictures not even sure if I got anything, and waited incase it returned.  It did.  About 1 min later it shot towards us again, and returned from the same direction.  Again I took more pictures in hopes of catching something.  This thing came towards us faster then a jet can plummet to the ground.  It came to a dead stop right in front of us, and in a blink gone.   No more were seen that evening and from a non-believer I now believed and so did my wife.  As for the pictures I took, they did catch a few good pictures I can't explain.  We only saw this glowing ball at hyper speed.  In one picture you can see the ball glowing with outer rings not visible by the naked eye.  These outer rings are seen in the pictures, touching the pavement in front of our house.  The very first picture I took was the most impressive, as we only saw a glowing ball, this picture showed windows with shadows of something in them.  The windows were around the object which looked like a disc type object. we couldn't stop thinking about it. I took up watching the skies as if it was my midnight job. about 2 weeks later.  It happened again, but this time different. I was on the back porch and ! it was fairly dark, you could see the stars. one in particular! stuck o ut to me. it was like this star was puking lil stars, just an amazing thing I had never seen.  I called for my wife to come out and check it out. she came and when I pointed it out, out of the corner of my eye, I saw something just approaching our roof top, it was a good 75 feet above us.  I ran for the camera and the wife was trying to figure its shape as we could only see a little of the object.  As I was running back out the patio door with my camera, my wife yells it just took my picture...the flash was so bright it could be seen inside our house. by the time I saw this flash and actually got through the door and looked up, I asked in panic, where the hell is it, she was scared and said its right over the house now, but it was gone. just a dot in the sky. still to this day, I cant stop lookin to the skies, everytime I go outside..something that will question my wife and myself the rest of my life I think…;43.9796;-80.7231
