I was raised and served in the military my first 20 yrs. I was a police officer (Elected Sheriff)for a four year term of office.I was a;1996-08-02 11:33:00;8-10 seconds;I was raised and served in the military my first 20 yrs.  I was a police officer (Elected Sheriff) for a four year term of office. I was a corporate safety director for five years. I have lived from europe to asia and fought in the VietNam as a marine for two years. I have flown on several different aicrafts and seen many things, but the phenomena I witnessed that morning on Aug.2,1996 is nothing I have ever expierenced before. It all began when I received a doctors appointment for my dad at the VA medical center, Indianapolis on Aug.2,1996 12:45AM.  I followed their directions on how to get there, as I have not been there for several years.   I was travling south on I-69 approaching the Fishers exit when I observed a dark grayish object about 1/4 mi. to the west.  I backed off the cruise to about 60 mph and I thought it was a blimp, like ones that are used when a new business opens.  I thought perhaps the wind might blow it to its side so I could read what it might say. That's when I noticed that it wasn't tethered at either end and it was lumpy and seemed to wobble.  I then realized what it was doing. It was doing,it was raising itself up verticle from a fixed horizontal position in the sky, (Like raising a dirty dime up on a table with a magnet,and leaving it balanced on top. Once it was on top it immediately began to glow white inside, (Like a dim light bulb becoming brighter for a fraction of a second and then dimmed again or pulsed). When it did this I could see inside and there was a dark grayish matter at the bottom, (It was offset to the right of center).   As soon as the whitenss was its brightess it moved to the left (South) in a perfectly straight line about a 1000 ft.I thought it was going into the cloud to hide, but it didnt,it went in front of the cloud.  Thats !! when I could better judge its size and distance.It was approximately 250 in diameter,it was about 50 ft. above cloud ceiling, and approximately 1-1/2 to 2 miles west of my position. When it was moving in front of the cloud I immediately noticed the left side of this perfectly circular object was disappearing (There was a slit an opening in the sky in front of the cloud)it continued into the opening until it completely disappeared. While I observe this event I felt time slow way down, almost to a point that it stopped. It felt like driving into molasses and being hit with novacaine.  I know this happened because I began to worry, (I have not worried like that since the last firefight I fought on football island in VietNam in 1969).  I began to worry because I could not turn my head, but I still nad my peripheral vision and the Fishers overpass was there and we were going to hit its coluums underneath.Thats when the object completly entered the opening and disappeared and time resumed to normal and I had control again.I said outloud Hell lets do that again and it didnt even wake my dad who slept through the whole 8 to 10 seconds of the event.I turned the radio on to hear the news,but nothing was reported, not even later on the t.v. evening news. The next day Aug.3,1996 I read a article in the Indianapolis Star Newspaper that the National Weather Services Doppler Radar Station at Indianapolis had detected unusal rings on their screens the previous day and reported they reported to the news media that they didnt know what would cause such a phenomena, but they did received two reports of birds taking flight all at the same time together.On Aug.5,1996 I called the NWS station at Indy and reported to two meterologist what I had witnessed that morning.I answered their questions and we decided to meet and view the rings on the radar screen.When saw the rings I said  Thats not birds, and the meterologist stated  No thier not, we know that now. I went home and never discussed the event again, except with a meterologist at the North Webster Station. This station was constructed about a year later about 23 mi. from my home. Its called NEXRAD for next generation doppler radar because it is linked with all other dopplers to one main office in one location. The reason I choose to speak about it is because I spoke with a gentleman who is a pilot and he told me about an event when he flew into an opening some 30 yrs. ago.We both believe that our events are directly related and we are only seeking scientific explanations.The one thing I do know is that it left its calling card! and the next time this pattern of rings first begins to develope we have about 3-1/2 hrs. before the softspot opens and it arrives and departs through the opening. I believe N.O.A.A. knows this and thats why hundreds of doppler radars are viewed at the same time at one main location. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume the date is correct.  The source of the report elects to remain semi-anonymous.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS, DATED MAY 5TH, 2006)) ufo object lifts up on its own axsis stops on top pulses white inside moves into slit/opening hole in the sky Addendum to my reported sighting that you have already posted on your site.  1.) I have sketches that you may post to your website and you have my permission to use them there only. ( I'm sending the sketches, radar images and newspaper article by e-mail today )  2.) I do not wish to remain anonymous and you have permission to use my name and my contact e-mail address:   ((e-address deleted)).  3.) Please change  Summary Description  to =  Large hovering circular ufo object lifts up on it's own axsis stops on top pulses white inside moves into slit opening hole in the sky and disappears  Do you want to link to my website ((deleted)) ? ((NUFORC Note:  We apparently did not receive the original report.  We have requested that it be resubmitted.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS, DATED May 18, 2006)) Stationary circurlar object tilts up on it's axis,pulses white inside,disappears into slit opening hole in the sky Addendum : You only changed the time and town from last addendum ?? You must have forgot to change the summary part.  Please change my summary to read as follows :  Stationary circular object tilts up on it's axis, pulses white inside & slowly moves and disappears into a slit opening hole in the sky. (or, if there is'nt enough room!! SEE BELOW) I will re- enter my ( original )report and correct it into paragraphs so it will be easier for you and others to peruse later. THANK YOU  Thank You !!;39.9576857142857;-85.9898666666667
ADDENDUM #2:  Stationary circurlar object tilts up on it's axis,pulses white inside,disappears into slit opening hole in the sky;1996-08-02 11:33:00;8 -10 seconds;Stationary circurlar object tilts up on it's axis,pulses white inside,disappears into slit opening hole in the sky Addendum : You only changed the time and town from last addendum ?? You must have forgot to change the summary part.  Please change my summary to read as follows :  Stationary circular object tilts up on it's axis, pulses white inside & slowly moves and disappears into a slit opening hole in the sky. (or, if there is'nt enough room!! SEE BELOW) I will re- enter my ( original )report and correct it into paragraphs so it will be easier for you and others to peruse later. THANK YOU  Thank You !!;39.9576857142857;-85.9898666666667
Two Orange colored objects.;2011-12-02 16:00:00;5 Min.;Two Orange colored objects. Two Orange colored lights followed eachother in a hook shape and then the light just slowly flickered away.   Never seen anything like that before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.9576857142857;-85.9898666666667
Unusual star-like object with light beams.;2015-10-01 07:30:00;30 minutes;Unusual star-like object with light beams. The object with the naked eye was star-like with emitting beams.   Once we looked at it with the telescope it was a grey orb totally circular. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.9576857142857;-85.9898666666667
