Filmed Unidentified Flying Objects !;2004-02-01 11:00:00;several mins;Filmed Unidentified Flying Objects ! I had seen this done several years ago on a tv special.  I bought a new Cannon ES8600, 8mm camcorder on 1.31.04 and recorded about 30 minutes of these unidentified flying objects, Sunday morning between 11:30 am and 12:30pm just as the sun was coming up.  Shooting at the sky and blocking the sun out with the eve of my house and only seeing the rays of the sun,I filmed about 30 minutes of unidentified flying objects. It was a clear morning, this past Sunday. Living in the county there are no tall buildings,just open sky around my house and tall trees. I started off by having the roof of my house in the lower portion of the filming, for reference points and for focus. While getting my house in the lower portion of the vedio, and looking out & up from the view finder, I notice a light shadow coming up from behind my house, where I was filming and Luckily caught a dark, saucer, disk shaped UFO going straight overhead. It was about the size of a pea at arms lengh. And lasted til out of the view finder.  In this 30 minutes of filming in the front and in the back of my house, up toward the sky and blocking the Sun,there are at least 3-4, maybe more of these in the film.  They seem to blend in with the rays of the sun, but if you shoot away from the Sun, you can catch them on film, and they appear to be what I would call it, invisable but,you can make out their shape and see them go across the sky, make turns and motion in their movements.  You see the saucer or disk shapes and as they move, and as the Sun reflects off them. It looks like a white spot going across the sky when, I guess the Sun shines directly on them. Then at the correct angle you can see the saucer shapes.  They move in and out of the film and are definatly saucer or disk shaped and in motion. ((NUFORC Note:  We receive many reports of UFO's near the Sun, but the phenomenon does not make an ounce of sense to us, and we have never seen credible evidence in support of the the reports.  If the UFO's were in fact in proximity to the Sun from the vantage point of one witness, from another vantage point, they would be in an area of the sky farther away from the Sun, and therefore clearly visible in the daytime sky.  These reports do not seem at all logical to us.  PD));34.9316;-84.9504
