slow moving groups of lights with tails moving in cone shaped formation from west to east at a low altitude.;2001-12-01 22:20:00;2 minutes;slow moving groups of lights with tails moving in cone shaped formation from west to east at a low altitude. I first saw a cone shaped object coming towards us from west to east.  I stopped the driver and we all got out and watched as it approached and then passed by at a fairly slow speed.  As it got closer we could see that it was not a cone but a grouping of lights with one very bright light and several smaller lights with tails streaking behind them.  When I first distinguished the individual lights I thought, could this be a formation of helicopters coming towards us with search lights?  But there was no noise.  As the lights passed we jumped back in the vehicle and turned around thinking maybe we would see it go down.  We were in an area southwest of Ozona and there are a lot of canyons and high hills.  We were able to see it as it went out of sight over one of these hills.  The hills were about five hundred feet above the road we were on and because the lights disappeared over their horizon very quickly, we believe the lights were at a very low altitude.  It did not seem to change elevation.  I don't know if it is possible but it was like a slow moving group of meteors of various sizes being projected in front of us like a hologram.  When I returned to my home in San Angelo, 120 miles northwest, and began to tell this to my family, my eighteen year old son interupted and related the same sighting in San Angelo at approximately the same time as he was returning home in his jeep.  His sighting was not witnessed.  His details were were just like ours except the lights were futher away. I had a gps on the hunting trip and the sighting was within one half mile of the following coordinates: N30degrees31.650minutes W101degress30.096minutes ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness is describing the re-entry event that occurred at approximately 2120 hrs. (Mountain) on Saturday, December 01, 2001.  Please see following URL for details:  <http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2001/ast03dec_1.htm?list49634>.  PD));30.7177;-101.2363
