A round circular craft with bright lights followed me home and hovered over my front lawn.;1988-08-12 19:00:00;10 minutes;A round circular craft with bright lights followed me home and hovered over my front lawn. I was coming home from work in spartanburg, SC when I spotted what I thought was a plane traveling parallel to me, going in the same direction toward Union, SC.  It seemed to have more light coming from it than just an ordinary plane.  Believe it or not, it followed me all the way home, and hovered over our front lawn.  It hovered at about 2000 feet, and cast a beam of light over our front lawn.  The altitude of the craft could have been a little more or less. I got out of my car and called my wife to the front porch.  We stood and watched it for several minutes.  It made very little noise. The only sound that came from it was a humming noise, and when it moved the humming did not seem to get any louder.  The speed of it's movement was unbelievable. It seemed to move like a humming bird.   It  moved in any direction with ease.  The top of the circular craft appeared to have windows 360 degrees with light protruding from them.  I would estimate the diameter of craft to be between 20 and 30 feet.  I called the local airport, and they wanted to write it off as national guard having maneuvers. ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS: THAT THERE IS NO TELLING WHAT THIS COUNTRY HAS DEVELOPED!  It did not sound like an airplane nor did it sound like a helicopter or any thing else that I have seen in the sky.  I wish I had had a computer back then.  We wanted to tell someone but didn't know how to get in touch with anyone. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.727;-81.6156000000001
Saucer like craft followed me home from work and hovered over our home while my wife and I watched..;1988-08-15 00:00:00;5 minutes;Saucer like craft followed me home from work and hovered over our home while my wife and I watched.. I was working from 3:00 PM until 11:00 PM at the Spartanburg SC Main Post Office. I live about 30 miles south of Spartanburg. On my way home from work, I spotted a bright object to the west. It did not look like a plane. It was traveling at a low rate of speed and seemed to be following me. I continued to see it until I pulled up into our driveway. It came and hovered over the front of our house and projected a bright beam that lit up our front lawn. The object was round and you could see light coming from around the top, like it may have had windows around the top. It didn't sound like a plane or a helicopter. It made a humming sound. I got out of my car and went to the door and called my wife. We watched it for at least 5 minutes. When it left it seemed to just dart it was so fast. There was no increase in the sound of the humming when the craft moved. It could change direction in a split second. I think I have seen one or two more of these craft, but it was at a much greater distance. I couldn't see them very good. I DON'T KNOW WHAT THIS COUNTRY IS WORKING ON BUT WHAT MY WIFE AND I SAW WAS ALMOST UNREAL. THEY MUST BE SAVING THIS THING FOR THE BIG BANG. THEY DON'T WANT ANYONE TO GET A HOLD OF IT AND FIND OUT HOW IT WORKS. I DON'T BELIEVE THEY ARE ALIENS. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));34.727;-81.6156000000001
