Reddish lights spotted in the shipping lanes off the Monterey Bay Coastline;2019-09-16 20:00:00;Two minutes;Reddish lights spotted in the shipping lanes off the Monterey Bay Coastline Tuesday September 16th:  Last night, this being Tuesday September 16th, my wife and I observed some mysterious lights due west of Pebble Beach. I'd estimate they were in the shipping lanes so maybe at the minimum thirteen nautical miles off the coast. My first impression being they were a sort of SOS flares, but they didn't hang that long in the air.  Also, they appeared to jump, disappear and reappear.  The light show lasted maybe two minutes at most. The main light appeared to be in a tight quadrant of four separate lights. Thursday, September 19th :  Then this from a friend last night, Thursday, September 19th, 2019:  Just a quick note…Mr. Clack, I was sitting in my bedroom at sunset, sun had already set on Thursday 09/19 and to my surprise I saw a very large set of lights over the ocean. My bedroom has a view of the ocean as my house sits on top of the hill in Del Monte Forest Pacific Grove over Spanish Bay. The lights were in a “ V “ shape very large and bright which were oddly & randomly blinking (not in sequence). As far as nautical miles I could not tell you as I am not too keen with this, but the lights were traveling down the shipping route south. I was able to see this through my very low powered set of binoculars, the lights were very, very bright. In awe of what I just saw I had to chuckle to myself as I remembered your story from the day prior. I had no intentions of looking for an object in the nights sky and this was the furthest thing from my mind. Thought it was funny that I saw a large object with oddly placed lights like you and your wife did a few days prior. Thought I would share, funny story. Do keep me updated if you two hear anything. Of which my wife and I saw the same:  Coincidently, I again saw the same thing at about 20:10 and I'm racking my brain to think what logically could make that lighting sequence.  I tried to rationalize it might have been a flight approaching MRY on a due Westerly course as the winds were blowing offshore. I'll check again at around 8pm tonight. Of which our friend replied:   Last night?...wow that’s about the same time I saw this object. It sounds like you saw the same sequence as well? It just disappeared as I was observing, likely flew into the marine layer. I have lived in my rental home and see flights approaching MRY day in and day out, I have never seen this sequence before in my whole life living here on the peninsula. I called my son who lives in Salinas last night, I think he believes I may be looney tunes!...lol!  Amazing!    I am sure we are not the only ones that could have possibly seen this. This object was way too massive for others not to notice right after sunset, crazy!!  Hopefully we feel validated by reports from others, possibly a report here or there on the local news or maybe the Herald?  Tonight I will definitely be observing the hour just after sunset with binoculars in hand!    Enjoy!    My reply to friend:  Coincidently, I again saw the same thing at about 20:10 and I'm racking my brain to think what logically could make that lighting sequence.  I tried to rationalize it might have been a flight approaching MRY on a due Westerly course as the winds were blowing offshore. I'll check again at around 8pm tonight.;36.5444105263158;-121.900531578947
Thursday, September 19th :  From a friend last night, Thursday, September 19th, 2019:  Just a quick note…Mr. Clack, I was sitting in my;2019-09-19 20:00:00;Two minutes;Thursday, September 19th :  From a friend last night, Thursday, September 19th, 2019:  Just a quick note…Mr. Clack, I was sitting in my bedroom at sunset, sun had already set on Thursday 09/19 and to my surprise I saw a very large set of lights over the ocean. My bedroom has a view of the ocean as my house sits on top of the hill in Del Monte Forest Pacific Grove over Spanish Bay. The lights were in a “ V “ shape very large and bright which were oddly & randomly blinking (not in sequence). As far as nautical miles I could not tell you as I am not too keen with this, but the lights were traveling down the shipping route south. I was able to see this through my very low powered set of binoculars, the lights were very, very bright. In awe of what I just saw I had to chuckle to myself as I remembered your story from the day prior. I had no intentions of looking for an object in the nights sky and this was the furthest thing from my mind. Thought it was funny that I saw a large object with oddly placed lights like you and your wife did a few days prior. Thought I would share, funny story. Do keep me updated if you two hear anything. Of which my wife and I saw the same:  Coincidently, I again saw the same thing at about 20:10 and I'm racking my brain to think what logically could make that lighting sequence.  I tried to rationalize it might have been a flight approaching MRY on a due Westerly course as the winds were blowing offshore. I'll check again at around 8pm tonight. Of which our friend replied:   Last night?...wow that’s about the same time I saw this object. It sounds like you saw the same sequence as well? It just disappeared as I was observing, likely flew into the marine layer. I have lived in my rental home and see flights approaching MRY day in and day out, I have never seen this sequence before in my whole life living here on the peninsula. I called my son who lives in Salinas last night, I think he believes I may be looney tunes!...lol!  Amazing!  I am sure we are not the only ones that could have possibly seen this. This object was way too massive for others not to notice right after sunset, crazy!!  Hopefully we feel validated by reports from others, possibly a report here or there on the local news or maybe the Herald?  Tonight I will definitely be observing the hour just after sunset with binoculars in hand!  Enjoy!;36.5444105263158;-121.900531578947
