Every one must read this!!!!;2001-08-13 22:00:00;1 hour;Every one must read this!!!! Three what I thought were just bright stars, were settled at water level probabaly 50-100 miles out in the lake. I was on the beach when I witnessed it. They were all spaced evenly apart from eachother. The center one shot strait upward probably 50 miles, at a great speed. I could tell it was moving faster than any plain possibly could. It stood still for a few seconds till the other one to the left moved upward to. The center craft did a zig zag pattern while moving down the shorline and covered what must of been a few hundred miles making very destinctive zig zag patter in less than a second or to. The third stood very still and then shot strait up very fast and than just simply dissapeared. I could see the first moving object turn sideways and is appeared to be spinning in place. The lights on then at the time were just white. They all went under the horizon. And did'nt come back for probably two minnutes. But the one appeared again. Making very sharp, sudden , and fast manuvers up and down. I truely don't believe plain's can move like these objects were. I returned to the beach the next night. Thinking I would'nt see anything. Much to my supprise i saw a very bright light in the exact same spot i had seen them the night before. And the light satarted doing the same sharp, fast up and down movements as the others. In these same spot! With in a few minnutes 5 plains started moving tword the very low flying object. At this point the object started to have very un- even flashes of light and moved north and dissapeared into the land. Still flying very, very low. The night before a half hour after they were seen a helicopter with a very bright spotlight was flying in the area where i had seen them, shining all over as if they were looking for something- yet there was nothing on the cb radio-at all! I'm not lie or exagerating the least bit. I mean come on why would i sit down for the past hour and write till my hands hurt if i did'nt see anything. Everyone who witnessed these objects were sober as could be. I never really believed, but now there is'nt a doubt in my mind. If any one else saw these objects Aug.13th and 14th please feel free to e-mail me. ((e-address deleted));42.917;-86.1371
