Four spherical objects, three traveling in an equilateral triangle formation fourth tailing behind and off to the right;1999-11-12 23:45:00;5-10 seconds;Four spherical objects, three traveling in an equilateral triangle formation fourth tailing behind and off to the right I was standing on my grandparents' patio, smoking a cigarette before retiring for the evening.  I didn't give much thought to seeing a shooting star, as I have seen many before.  Suddenly, some motion in the sky to my left and towards the front of the house caught my eye.  As there is a streetlight there I could not quite see clearly with the artificial light as four sphere shaped objects came into view.  Once they were above me I could see them against the background of the clear night sky without the contaminating light from the street.  Three of the objects were traveling in a tight, equilateral triangle formation, as the fourth traveled behind and perhaps two to three times the distance between the objects in the triangle formation.  I am an empirical person, and I attempted to explain away to myself these objects as something else, but found that I could not as I watched them until they disappeared over the trees.  I can not be sure what the altitude of these objects was, but they seemed to be fairly close to the earth.  Due to the fact that they were only visible to me (from horizon to horizon) for about 5-10 seconds, I tend to think that these objects were traveling at a fairly low altitude.  These objects emanated a slightly bluish-white aura, yet also appeared to have a dull, metallic appearance to them that seemed to reflect light coming from the earth rather than emitting any themselves.  They did not appear to be all that large.  I watched closely to see if there would be any variance in the symmetry of the triangle formation and noticed none, except for the fact that the triangle seemed to flatten, maintaining the perfect equilateral formation yet appearing the way that it should have relative to my viewpoint.;32.3251090592334;-90.1873484320559
