I was followed at close range by an object with 3 very bright lights near Jackson, Miss.;1974-05-15 00:00:00;20-30 minutes;I was followed at close range by an object with 3 very bright lights near Jackson, Miss. On about the 15th of May '74 I was visiting a friend who lived in Lexington, Miss. His cousin was also visiting from Los Angeles. She was taking a late night flight back to L.A. and we took her to the Jackson airport to catch her plane. After we left the airport we drove back to Lexington. We were only a couple of miles or so from the airport when we noticed 3 very bright lights far ahead of us just above tree level. They were so bright that we couldn't see what was behind them. The lights were arranged like the landing lights on a 727, with equal spacing between them, but the center was a few feet higher than the outer two. They were very bright white, like the color of halogen lights. I thought it must be a jet coming into the airport, but they were only a bit above tree level, which puzzled me. My friend, Bill, and I were both puzzled when after a few minutes of driving toward the lights they hadn't moved. We came to a rural intersection where the road we were on T'd into a larger, divided highway. We stopped at the stop sign at the intersection and just sat there for a few minutes trying to figure what they were. At this point, the lights were directly in front of us, shining directly at us, and they were so bright that we couldn't see what they were mounted on. We were away from any town and  there were no other cars or streelights. We eventually decided to continue on back to Lexington, and to do so we had to turn left onto the divided road. We pulled across the highway and median (which was paved at that point so you could turn left onto the divided road) and stopped on the highway shoulder. The lights were on my right (I was the passenger) and I stared at them out my window, still puzzling about what they could be. We were neither drunk nor stoned, the windows in the car were rolled down, and the radio was off. There was no sound except the idling car engine. Bill took his foot off the brake and let the car idle down the shoulder. At that point, the lights rotated very slowly and with such pr! ecision of movement I've never seen. There was no sound. The lights rotated so that they were pointing directly at the car, and as precisely as they had rotated to stay pointing at the car, they now travelled beside us at the same elevation they had been and not more than about 300 feet away from us. They travelled alongside the car at the same speed we were moving, still idling down the shoulder. I have never been as scared as I was then, because it was clear to me that this craft, which we still couldn't see because of the intensity of the lights shining directly at us was following us. I urged Bill to floor the car and get the hell out of there, because it was so obvious that this thing was intentionally flying next to us and had responded to our movement. I had no idea what might happen next, but I was so scared that all I wanted to do was flee. Bill eventually accelerated gradually and pulled off the shoulder into the right most lane. The lights still stayed beside us. After a couple of minutes of this the car picked up speed. The lights ceased flying beside us but rotated again so that they always pointed toward the car. Then their altitude decreased and they crossed over the highway at very low altitude, maybe 20-30 feet above the roadway, went directly over the trees on the opposite side of the road and went straight down into the trees and disappeared. At this point, I got my courage up and asked Bill to turn the car around and go back. We came to a crossover in the median, did a U-turn and headed back. We got all the way to the intersection where we had turned originally, but never saw them again. We turned around again and headed toward Lexington. When we eventually came to a gas station that was open we pulled in so I could use the pay phone to call the Jackson Airport FAA. My father worked in radar for the FAA in Texas, and he had told me that they sometimes received calls about sightings but usually just blew them off, so I was prepared for what the controller I spoke with said, which was oh it ! was prob ably a helicopter or something. However, I knew it wasn't any kind of aircraft I'd ever seen because of the incredible precision with which the lights moved and the total silence. I have told some friends and family about this, but I've never reported it because I didn't know who to tell. Last night I heard the 21st century radio program where a gentleman told about his sighting in 1936 in Alaska. This inspired me to dig out an old journal where I had written about this. I got your website from the radio show and I decided to tell this story. I've never had another experience like this, although I've promised myself that if I ever was priveleged to have another I wouldn't panic and try to get away.;32.3251090592334;-90.1873484320559
it was xmas eve, we decided to take a different routte when we went through the town phocahuntis... we stopped at this stop sign when t;1977-12-24 00:00:00;2 min;Summary : it was xmas eve, we decided to take a different route when we went through the town Phocahuntis... we stopped at this stop sign when this object about 4 ft. in diameter came down about 2 ft in front of our windsheild. we were amazed so the only thing left to do is eaz the car up, and we did the object fled strait up as if it was as terified as we were and disapeared...the object flat round and orange no multiple colors... and 4 ft in diameter... the object was a flat round orange color no other lights. It was if it was observing us, but there was no harm done. The location is near an indian burial ground.there was only one...none of us have ever exp. this before then, and sense have never seen it again ...but i do keep an open mind…;32.3251090592334;-90.1873484320559
I am sending this in order to correct some errors in my previous entry of 3/4/2004.;2004-01-10 18:00:00;10 -15 mins;I am sending this in order to correct some errors in my previous entry of 3/4/2004. Three lights in a triangular white light formation without red flashing lights moving slowly from the west to the east making no sound. It was in Jackson, Mississippi near the intersection of North State Street and Presto Lane.  It was a moonless sky before sunrise.  At least I do not remember seeing the moon. I saw three white or yellowish white lights moving slowly from the west to the east in a triangular formation at an undeterminable altitude and velocity.  I assumed that these lights were all part of one object because they did not move in relation to each other (their triangular pattern remained stable).  There was no red flashing red light that is typically seen with aircraft at night nor was there a sound of a jet or propeller engine nor was there the chopping sound of the rotary blades of a helicopter.  There was no apparent sound at all.  The light formation was close enough so that if I extended my hand that the two outer lights could just be seen on either side of my index finger.  The lack of red flashing lights is what captured my attention and inclined me to get a better look.  I was indoors when I first saw it but I went out doors within less than a minute of first seeing it and watched it move east disappearing into the eastern sky.  When I got out doors it was still close enough to still clearly make out three lights.  Several minuets later as the sun was coming up I saw an airplane moving in exactly the opposite direction with the typical red flashing light and propeller engine sound. I assume it could be some type of military air craft.;32.3251090592334;-90.1873484320559
Saw one small flash of light then a reddish looking fireball that shot across the sky then disappeared then same a similar one after…;2012-06-15 03:00:00;few seconds;I saw one small flash of light then a reddish looking fireball that shot across the sky then disappeared then same a similar one after... I was standing outside on my front porch watching the stars when I see some move quickly out of the corner of my eye.   When I turned my head to see what it was, I saw a sudden flash of light and a red fireball shaped &quotunknown&quot zip through the sky then disappear.   Moments after that I saw a second &quotunknown&quot move through the sky but this time it had a yellowish tint to it. I do believe that we as humans are not the only intelligent life form on the galaxy and believe that there is extraterrestrial life forms out there.   Whatever it was that I saw tonight wasn't the first time that I've seen it and to be perfectly honest it creeped me out because if I can see them from earth then I know they can see me from wherever they are up there.;32.3251090592334;-90.1873484320559
4 fast crafts going different directions coming and going to a floating orb;2013-11-04 18:03:00;4-5 minutes;4 fast crafts going different directions coming and going to a floating orb Floating Giant orb moving very quickly getting brighter and getting dimmer.  4 crafts come this orb going extremely fast at a variation of heights and disappeared out of sight. amazing yet frightening ((NUFORC Note:  The party who submitted the report elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information, so we are unable to contact the witness.  PD));32.3251090592334;-90.1873484320559
