A bright light that looked like a star, but didn't move like one.;2008-02-17 02:45:00;5 minutes;A bright light that looked like a star, but didn't move like one. Early Morning Febuary 17th 2008 2:45am  After a storm and a front moved though there was still some lingering clouds but mostly a clear night sky where I could see the stars.  Around 2:45am yesterday night I was on my cell phone with my friend talking to her and sitting on my steps outside my door. In the East I seen what looked like a bright star, at fist I thought it was Venus, but it started getting brighter and brighter and it was moving closer, it wasn’t moving very fast probably just a little faster then a normal plane. It wasn't a plane beacuse it was a lot bigger and it didn't make any noise. For a few moments I thought it might have been a meteor rite. It was coming towards me and it looked like it was going to fly over my neighborhood, but instead it turned upwards and started to rise towards a patch of clouds. There was a break in the clouds and it flew up through them, and then into another higher patch of clouds and disappeared until I couldn’t see it anymore.  A few minutes after that I heard one or two millatary jets fly over out of the opposite direction in the West over my head towards where I seen the light go into clouds. I couldn’t see them though cause there was more clouds that moved in.  I described everything on the phone to my friend as I was seeing it.  I’m not sure what it was…  It could have been.  A very large falling star... slow moving (for a fallinf star) that kinda fell/flew but then ascended upward back into the clouds.  A plane with a huge bright light bigger then the plane strapped on the front.  I ruled out it being a satellite or the space station cause it was under the clouds and sorta low and in mid sky within the earth’s atmosphere.  To me it’s a UFO… that’s what I got the feeling that it was, by the shape of it, and because it was Unidentified, Flying, and it was an Object.  The best I can describe it is a bright star that looked like Venus does on a good night which is what it looked like at first. Only it got 50 times bigger as it got closer. I could tell it was bigger then a plane it was glowing like a golden bright white light, oval and round in shape. It didn't make any sound. The maneuvers it made by flying towards me horizontally and then it moved upwards vertically into the clouds have to say that there was something was piloting it. This was defiantly something other then the norm.  I don't have any tapes or pictures.  I'm writing this incace anyone else seen anything or got anything in a photo or on tape the night of Febuary the 16th or early in the morning on the 17th 2008 over Texas around the time after the cold front moved though. Maybe this would give some value to what they seen.;30.1445646817246;-93.8472501026697
