My friend and I were chased by a triangular object while driving home from a late movie.  The object followed us all the way back to hi;1997-07-27 02:00:00;5 minutes;My friend and I were chased by a triangular object while driving home from a late movie.  The object followed us all the way back to his house. At about 2 am on Sunday morning, July 23, 1997 my friend and I were driving home from Atco Multiplex Theatres in Atco, NJ..  We were about 1 and 1/2 miles from his house when we saw a what seemed to be a strobe light directly over his car on Fairview Rd. in Medford, NJ.  Curious, we wanted to get a better view of the lights, if there was anything to see.  We pulled into a stone parking lot at a nearby baseball field that would allow an unobstructed view of the sky.  Upon stopping and getting out of his vehicle we turned around to see if anything remained in the sky.  At that point we observed an object hovering (it make no noise whatsoever) over the treeline across the road.  After about 10-20 seconds, the object threw on all of its lights and carme across the road toward us.  We jumped into his car, got back to the road, and took off. The object proceeded to follow us down the road at high speed.  It remained at a stable altitude just above the treeline on the right side ! of the road.  After following us for about 1/2 of a mile, it changed direction and cruised directly over his car.  We got a great view!  It was a dark, triangle-shaped object with several lights on the bottom of it.  We then had to make a left turn to get back to his house.  Upon arriving there (about 1/4 mile from where it passed over his car), it was hovering directly over his house.  We jumped out of the car and raced inside.  We scurried into the basement where I called my folks to tell them what had happened.  At that time, for reasons unknown, his car alarm went off.  We had put his car in the garage upon arriving there, so naturally we were frightened.  He turned it off by remote from his kitchen, and we did not investigate.  We locked the doors and retreated to the basement where we drew pictures of the object and talked about it.  The next day his Mom called the police and no one else had reported any objects like what we had seen.  I am doing so now because I rece! ntly discovered the UFO Reporting Center. I would be happy to describe the events in detail to anyone who would listen.;39.8602;-74.8247000000001
