I saw a big UFO ship, August 5, 1975, four or so city blocks high  it seemed to create clouds, and I saw the mechanical functions.;1975-08-05 16:35:00;2 minutes;I saw a big UFO ship, August 5, 1975, four or so city blocks high  it seemed to create clouds, and I saw the mechanical functions. In this event, I saw (four to six blocks high in the sky)an oval shaped ship Ca. 450 feet long and 250 feet tall. The color was changing, but basically a very light gray and covered with a (seemingly partly frozen mist of smokey, foggy white), very much like frozen carbon dioxide clinging to the surface all over, except in certain areas. The areas would change covering, and I could see and witness the change and the exposure of a very detailed mechanical system or device. There was a matrix or grid pattern of vent holes, which were about two feet in diameter each and two feet apart. These were checkerboarding (although round and not aquare)an area of about twenty feet or 40 feet in diameter and basically round, but not perfectly round due to the shifting nature of the fog covering. The grid pattern of holes had a thick brownish, mixed with blackish, smokey substance flowing at the rate of approximately two gallons per second streaming from each port (hole, exhaust port) into each adjacent hole, and also the same substance was streaming from each adjacent port into each other adjacent port, so that all ports had the substance streaming both in and also out and from each adjacent port in the same manner. I can draw a picture or series of pictures dipicting these events in great detail. And, later, a minute, another area would be exposed on the skin (surface of the ship) and repeat the same event. I watched this series happen two times very clearly, and on the third time, the ship was being partly hidden among sirrus clouds partly and was crossing over Broad Rock Road four to six city blocks high in the sky, about the same distance high as when I first spotted the ship.  It was difficult to stare at the ship without blinking my eyes. I was not comfortable with the thought of not having a camera or of not being able to continue learning and watching. As I stared more and more, the ship was slipping into the sirrus clouds almost as if the ship were to some extent creating the clouds or some of the clouds.  I did not want to loose sight of it. I was riding my bicycle and had stopped at the corner of Broad Rock Road, one block south of Orlando Street. In seconds, the ship sped away. I looked and stared and searched the sky in the direction it was travelling, and I was disappointed that it had vanished or gone out of my sight. I have never gotten this off of my mind at any time since then, except for a few days at a time.  I think about it veru often, every few days or weeks. I tell people about it, draw pictures and make estimations regarding the activities of the mechanical parts. Maybe this was a cover, maybe a propelling factor, a disguise, or a cooling system. This was on a late summer day. This could have been engines, exhausts, or gas exchange for changing the dimensional atomic makup of the density factor in apparent spacial configuration. I have developed a series of (plans), which depict the apparent configuration of the atomic and subatomic properties. It is theory and hypothetical, but it explains the phenominum in this way. When I speak of emmiting lights, I am speaking of the fact that I saw light from it or light reflecting from it. I did not see any things that would be defined as headlights or metallic fixtures. But, I do seem to possess amazing clarity as to the possible makup of the ship. If you want to discuss this further, contact me at 804-((number, name, and addresses deleted));37.531359506173;-77.4717913580252
A bunch of us were playing B Ball and we all saw three OFOs lit up white.;1994-06-18 23:00:00;2-3 minutes;A bunch of us were playing B Ball and we all saw three OFOs lit up white. Late in the evening on a Saturday in Creighton Court in June, about ten of us kids were playing basketball, and we all saw three oval UFOs lit up white, cloud-high.  They were hovering and moving in place slightly.   We hollered Look y'all, UFO!!!.  Then about fifteen more kids and ten more adults came out and said Ooh a UFO!.  They hovered for a couple more minutes and then faded out.   Some of us stayed out and talked about it.  No one called the cops. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.531359506173;-77.4717913580252
At approx. 6:30am, I saw a white oval shape climb the sky going straight up, I did not see a trail of smoke like a regular USA aircraft;2011-02-21 06:30:00;less than 90seconds;At approx. 6:30am, I saw a white oval shape climb the sky going straight up, I did not see a trail of smoke like a regular USA aircraft gives off when flying.  There was no sound that I heard, and I had no music or and type of sound playing.  Then once it got to a really high height it just vanished.;37.531359506173;-77.4717913580252
Three bright lights in the sky making a triangle.;2012-12-22 19:30:00;~5 minutes;Three bright lights in the sky making a triangle. Hello, I was walking my dogs this evening and it is a very clear sky tonight.  I noticed the usual stars that I see every time I walk the dogs along with the moon but tonight I noticed a very bright round light in the sky near the moon along with two dimmer round lights.  All three formed what looked like a triangle formation.  Now what caught my eye was the bigger/brighter light started flickering or pulsing, then the light darkened and I could no longer see it.   After this happened I noticed the smaller one on the left started moving away and eventually went out of view.  The third dim light at that point to me just looked like a distant star that never went away. Now take note that as this was going on I noticed the normal jets flying high in the sky and these lights appeared to me to be higher than the jets.  Being the type of person who likes to find an explanation for everything I checked to see where the space station was currently located and it was flying over the south pole at the time of the sighting.  Now I can't rule out other debris thats flying overhead but it looked very strange to me.  I have also never seen anything that has ever resembled a UFO before or anything paranormal.  I just thought I would post this here in hopes of an explanation to what I noticed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.531359506173;-77.4717913580252
