Triangle over Rocky Point, NC;1982-06-15 22:00:00;1 hour;Triangle over Rocky Point, NC FLYING TRIANGLE    It was in the summer of 1982 my oldest sister and I where lying in the back yard one night star gazing when we noticed what appeared to be three stars in a triangle pattern in a fixed position in the sky and they were brighter that the other stars. After a short time a white light appeared from the center of the group of lights and then that light began to move away from the triangle group and across the sky until we could no longer see it. At the time I was around 8 years of age and me and my sister compared what we were seeing to the movie Star Wars because of the triangle shape reminded us of the star destroyers from the movie. But at that time the triangle was not moving. A short time later I went in the house and my other sister went out to look at the stars with my oldest sister. It was just a few minutes after I entered the house that both of my sisters ran in the back door screaming that a giant black triangle had just flew over the house. My father and I ran out the back door and we could see the lights through the trees and could hear a low humming noise coming from it. My sisters said that the triangle pattern of stars had started moving down from the sky as they watched and then it glided right over the house with no sound until it passed. They said that it blacked out all the stars but they could see stars off to the sides of this massive triangle ship. With there close up encounter with the object they said that it had three lights on the under side one on each corner and bright lights across the back of it. I my dad and my sisters never really talked about what we had seen with anyone except amongst ourselves because of what people would think. It wasn’t until me and my girlfriend saw the special on the travel channel last month about the triangle over Illinois. It was then I began to search the web and was floored by all the sightings of the same craft we had seen so long ago and that’s why I am reporting it now  These triangle shaped ships or ship are as real as this planet military or not. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.4344;-77.9234
