Light spheres and an extremely fast moving Christmas tree/centipede shaped object;2020-11-20 17:17:00;2 minutes;Light spheres and an extremely fast moving Christmas tree/centipede shaped object On November 20, 2020, a very bright star caught my eye but it appeared to be moving. I started to record it on my iPhone figuring I could zoom in on the video to get a closer look. I took 2 videos-VIDEO 1 was a minute long and VIDEO 2 was a 2 second video that I must have taken by accident. I adjusted brightness contrast on the 1 minute video to get a better idea as to how much the light orb had moved in relation to the background and what I saw definitely seemed odd. I sent the 1 minute video to my boyfriend who was a few miles away picking up his son from daycare. He responded with a video of his own (VIDEO 3) saying he just saw the same thing 30 minutes after I saw it. In his video, he shined a flashlight at it. In response, the light quickly rose in the sky until it was almost directly over his head. At that point, he got back in his car and left. The orb must have been closer to him than me because we compared sizes and what he saw was about 5 times lar! ger than what I saw.  Things to look for in VIDEO 1 - the distance the light orb moved within the one minute video - The thing that swoops in at the top of the screen about 20 seconds in. Doubtful it was a bug since it was almost the end of November in the northeast. Also, I didn’t see this until I watched the video - The appearance of a second orb above the first ** the light orb had some similarities to the star Sirius but it couldn’t have been Sirius because it moved from one location to another and because Sirius didn’t rise above the horizon until after 10pm (5 hours after the video was taken). I confirmed that through an interactive sky chart on skyandtelescope.org. In fact, there were no planets and no other significant stars in my viewing area at that time.  Things to look for in VIDEO 2 (you may have to manually scrub through the video to see it almost frame by frame because stuff happens so fast you could miss it. - at first you see the 2 spheres that were seen in VIDEO 1. * Then the bottom sphere disappears just as some Christmas tree/centipede shaped object flies across the screen in the top left corner. Whatever this thing was, it was moving at an incredible speed and I didn’t see it while I was taking the video. It’s kind of hard to determine how close it was to me but either way, it’s large and seems like something I should have been able to see with the naked eye  VIDEO 3 is my boyfriends video which I explained earlier;41.5638;-73.7952999999999
