Flashing red/blue circular lights in eastern sky at night did not move, simply went out.;2014-01-15 22:30:00;Unknown;Flashing red/blue circular lights in eastern sky at night did not move, simply went out. I was in bed, not yet asleep, and turned over to face the bay window, which has an eastern exposure.  I became aware of what I believe was a white light flashing onto my body since car headlights sometimes reflect into the house and there was a car on the road outside, I thought that's what the light was.  However, this light was flashing, and when the car had gone, the light remained, flashing.  The duration of this was just a few seconds. My memory of the transition from the white light to the colored lights isn't clear, but the white light seemed to be gone I now noticed a red/blue flashing light.  My first thought was that a State trooper had stopped a driver at the bottom of the hill on which my house sits however, when I sat up, I realized that the road was empty, and the lights were in the distance - above the ridgeline.  I watched for a few seconds, and the lights just appeared to go out. I must preface my description by stating that I am very nearsighted and, of course, was not wearing glasses or contacts in bed.  Anything I see without vision correction is blurred, appearing larger than it actually is.  That being said, the lights still appeared quite large.  They were in approximately the same position, for me, as the rising sun.  I've seen the sun rise without my contacts, and these lights appeared larger than the sun.  What I saw was a large, circular light display, apparently composed of many smaller lights.  The flashed in unison from red to blue and back that is what made me think of flashing police lights.  I live on a hill with a fair view to the East, and it occurred to me that a police car stopped with flashing lights on the distant hill might be seen from my position. In the morning, with my contacts in, I lay in bed in the same position it then seemed unlikely that I'd seen flashing police lights.  The lights I saw really appear to have been in the sky. About me: I am a 68-year-old woman, college educated.  I have never made a report such as this before.  I have tried to find another explanation for the lights I saw, but I cannot they are a mystery to me.;39.7704;-76.5979
2 very bright orange lights in sky.;2014-12-14 17:00:00;2 minutes;2 very bright orange lights in sky. 2 bright orange lights about 200ft apart, approx. 500 ft high. Traveling south together, at a slow rate of speed, before fading out of sight  There was no sound like you would hear on an airplane. it was pitch black, and cloudy, and could not see anything but the very bright orange lights.;39.7704;-76.5979
