Dark triangular craft. Was flying slow, as well as low. No lights. Strange, loud, pulsating, humming sound.;2007-06-25 02:20:00;10 secs;Dark triangular craft. Was flying slow, as well as low. No lights. Strange, loud, pulsating, humming sound. It was around 2:00AM CST when I heard the first noise of the craft. At first it sounded like a normal aircraft in the distance. However, as it got closer, it began to sound very different then a normal aircraft. It sounded kind of like a tornado in the distance. Almost like a hum as well it was very soft. Then it got very loud, and had almost a pulse within the sound. It was so loud I could feel it in my mattress. I got up and approached my window to see what it was, but by the time I got there... It was gone.  So I layed in my bed, and just assumed it was a normal aircraft. Then, at about 2:20AM CST, I heard the sound again in the distance. This time I was prepared and immediatley went to my window. I stared out there for a good 5 seconds. The hum got louder and louder. I kept starring... and saw nothing. No lights, nothing. Finally, in my peripheral, I saw a large, dark object sort of casually fliying across the sky. And I followed it through the trees.  The craft was flying relitively low, as well as slow. And it had no lights at all. Because the craft had no lights, it was very hard for me to distinguish shape. It was kind of triangular, but still had other characteristics... which I can not completely describe. I attempted to take a photo however, due to the light, the craft simply looked like a dark smudge.  The craft was flying towards a nearby USAF base. Could it be a some kind of stealth? I do not know that much about planes. Even if it is an actual plane, though, why would it be flying so low? The base is close, but not that close. Also, why was it flying so slow? And why wouldn't it have any lights? And I've NEVER heard a plane sounds like that.  As of now... The craft has flown by many times, off in the distance. And I'm a little nervous. I just would like to know what it is, if that's possible.  Thanks.;32.4735855999999;-86.4555064
