Triangular Object over Mustang, Nevada;2006-12-15 19:30:00;3-4 mins;Triangular Object over Mustang, Nevada Ok this did not take place in Silver Springs Nevada, However I was on my way home from work. I worked in Reno at the time and lived in Silver Springs. I am Using Silver Springs cause its the closest zip to the area  I know of.. now I just came upon your site or I would have posted this on the date of occorrance. I was heading East bound Hiway 80, I saw a strange shape and looked harder. Three lights in a triangular form was just hovering over the back part of the mountain looking south towards the old Mustang Ranch area (No Joke) I am an aviation expert Due to my military training and rate (job). I know that every known aircraft over north america is to have anti-collision lights this had no such flashing strobes on, I pulled off in a frienzy and amazement bout 1 block from the Chevron stn. there. There were 2 men ready to tow a rig that had broken down. i went up to them saying tell me i am NOT seeing things.. I pointed one gentalman excaimed Good Jesus! the other either sceptical or not wanting to be called a nut said ahh thats a pasenger jet.. I pointed at a passing by to the left of the craft Southwest airliner going to Reno i said THAT is an airliner it has anti-collision lights, this does not! we just stared at it in aw.. all i can say is put your pointer middle and second to your pinky fingers out like your signaling a 3 hold them out and slowly rotate them immaging the tips of your fingers the orange lights rotating thats what this was doing. for about 3-4 mins then its lights went dim never saw it after that. I do believe it was military I know this because my job for a brief time was testing the new unmanned flying wing that landed on the USS John C. Stennis in 2003. This i wish to say for all you disbelievers.. Yes a pilot would become mush if it did the manuvers people claim they see in OUR dimention.. But remember there ARE many other PROOVEN dimentions out there... ask yourself this.. How exactly were these rumors of other dimentions prooven? Think Hard, dont blow a vessle though.. -.- -((initials deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.3806;-119.2757
