Multiple encounters over approximately 50 mile radius.;1994-05-01 18:00:00;1 hour or more;Multiple encounters over approximately 50 mile radius. Begining in the spring of 1994 I was made aware of three specific areas in Iron County Michigan that were intense UFO encounter sites. The first encounter was at Glidden Lake several miles south of Crystal falls.  While sitting in a truck by the lake at approximately 21:00, a green triangular object lifted over the tree line on the oposite side of the lake.  I would approximate this object to be 30-35 feet in length, and 15 feet at the widest point in the rear.  The object had a very luminecent property, but was not like any other light that I could identify. By the time the object was approximately 200 feet in the air, a second object was seen coming from the horizon.  This second object was of a very similar shape and size, but was red in color.  The first object began to race towards my general direction and in less than a second had gained several hundred feet in altitude and was now positioned over myself and the other person viewing the event.  I got out of the truck to watch the object.  The second object, the red one, was now pursuing the first.  There seemed to be a buzzing sound coming from the second object and the radio in the truck became very distorted sounding.  two flashes of light came from the front of the red object, and the green object then exploded.  The explosion was close enough where it should have been heard, but it made no sound.  Also, when it did explode, it did not look so much like fire works or a gas explosion as it simply became many small fragments of light then disappeared.  The red object then shot directly upward and faded into the night sky. My companion seemed to be unamazed by the events.  She then explained that this type of thing had been happening for approximately 3 months already.  I had been unaware of this due to the fact that I had been out of the country for 10 months. Several other minor sitings at this location were seen over the next few months.  Then, in late July of 1994, while at a local ski hill in Crystal falls at approximately 18:00, a friend whom I will reffer to as Jim accompanied me to watching the sunset.  While we talked and waited for the next few hours, we saw approximately 9 of these same triangular shaped objects.  They grouped themselves into several airial formations, and seemed to repeat an airial acrobatics routine.  Jim and I watched them as they came and went over the horizon for approximately 4 hours.  After dark the objects returned one by one.  Each one forming a point in a series of three triangles.  The triangles then merged to form a shape like this: * * * * * * * *   * There they stayed for approximately 10 minutes.  They then formed a straigh line and travelled at a very high speed to the south and disappeared over the horizon. Several months went by before there was another sighting.  It was approximately the end of September.  This time it was in a feild almost directly underneath where the objects had come from when Jim and I had seen the sighting at the ski hill.  Myself and several friends were approximately 50 to 75 feet away from a row of trees that seperated two feilds.  On the opposite side of these trees, a slight hum was heard.  Then, as the hum quieted, the outline of a large triangular object could be seen.  The lower side of the object began to glow green and it lifted off the ground.  The object then left the area at a high rate of speed again leaving in a southerly direction. A few minor sightings were seen at both locations over the next 6 months, but nothing extraordinary as far as movement or paterns.  As the end of March drew close, the flight paterns of pyramids and now circles became very common. Approximately one year after the first sighting, yet another event happened that took my by surprise.  While out driving just north of town, I saw a green glow over the trees.  I immediately recognized the glow to be one of these objects.  I began to try and follow it by driving down old side roads and loging trails.  I could not seem to catch up to the object, and soon gave up.  When I decided to turn around and go back to the main road, I noticed the glow directly behind me.  I drove a bit faster, and it continued to follow me.  I came to an old gravel pit that was approximately 1/2 mile off the main road.  I parked on one side of the pit and the object came to a halt on the opposite side.  It then moved directly upwards, and I then noticed that there were 4 more craft hovering several hundred feet over the gravel pit.  When the object joined the others, they formed a V and left the area heading once again south. I had no more encounters over the next 9-10 months.  Then, in the winter of 1995/96, I visited a gravel pit just outside of Iron Mountain Michigan, which is to the south of Crystal Falls.  The pit is approximately the same size and shape as the one where I had my last encounter.  Within minutes of arriving at the pit, I was witness to yet another sky duel of one red and one green craft.  The same radio distortions happened, but this time the flashes came from the green craft.  The red craft began glowing several different colors.  One of the back corners of it changed from yellow to orange and back to yellow several times before it spiraled upward in a very awkward motion.  The green craft then vanished.  It didn't seem to have gone anywhere, but simply shut off it's light and disappeared into the darkness of the sky. I have since moved to the Detroit area of Michigan, and have since had no encounters with the craft. The craft never frightened me, but always excited me and made me feel like a little child seeing something spectacular for the first time.;46.1096;-88.3549
