EL MONTE, CA.  One bright ball-like object falls, comes to stop, and redirects itself heading NE till out of view.;2018-09-11 19:50:00;2 minutes;EL MONTE, CA.  One bright &quotball&quot like object falls, comes to stop, and redirects itself heading Northeast, till out of view. This evening, at approximately 19:50, I witnessed what initially looked to me as a shooting star, quickly transform itself into a fully capable and manuevering aircraft.  From where I was standing, I had a full view of the northern sky with the moon also in view (waxing crescent tonight).  While conversing with an associate over the phone, this ball of a light quickly took my attention.  Assuming it was going to burn out somewhere within the stratosphere or troposphere (as I've observed in my lifetime amongst shooting stars or meteors) I continued my conversation.  Then, what I witnessed next blew my mind.  The ball of light came to a grinding halt and I was able to actually hear this flying object.  It sounded like a  loud, screeching,  static electric-like sound.  So powerful, I was able to feel the vibrations under me.  Hard to explain.   After coming to an almost complete stop, I watched it turn and head Northeast.   I hung up the phone, and called my wife outside so she could see this object.  I followed this object with my eyes from the second it's light was identifiable to my periphals. When she came outside, we both marveled over this ball of a light, and watched it as it continued to travel northeast.  This object maintained its physical appearance as an orange ball of a light the whole way through.  It was very distinctive in a way, that it was very bright and orange. Easily able to differentiate itself from any sort of commercial aircraft.  Serving in the Marine Corps for four years, I can say it was of no military aircraft I have seen before either.  This object stopped almost midair.  We watched until the light faded into nothing, as it continued its travels northeast I would say HUNDREDS of miles.  All within two minutes. Anyone in the San Gabriel Valley, Los Angeles Valley, ..........anyone,anywhere, who happened to look up and witness what they think to have been something strange flying through the sky, I can assure you, was nothing ordinary or of our technology.   I have (2) side notes to add:  Less than 3 minutes after the object dissapeared, a loud helicopter was overhead, and in my area.  The only thing I could see were the lights from the undercarriage and skids.  It made a circle and dissapeared.  This may have been pure coincidence.  The second thing I wanted add was regarding the noise I heard.  The loud vibrational type noise.  I've heard this before and actually regularly for the past two years.  The weird thing is when I have heard it, the noise's vibrational frequency has been much louder and sometimes in intervals.  It leads me to believe the area I live in or possibly the mountain ranges  (San Gabriel Mountains or San Bernadino Mountains) nearby are being utilized as a some sort of entry point?  I will continue to record my encounters as I feel there is a correlation between these anomalies.;34.0567000000001;-118.04
