my brothers and i thought we were looking at a shooting star that started moving in diferent directions as it started moving away and g;1998-05-16 21:45:00;7 minutes;my brothers and i thought we were looking at a shooting star that started moving in diferent directions as it started moving away and getting harder to see we saw 2 of them of in the distance I tried to tape it but it was to dark out for the camcorder to work a star or sphere Blueish-greenish or star colored shaped object was moving across  the sky first in a straight line so I thought it was a shooting star so I lold my brothers to look at a shooting star. but I couldn't find it, then my youngest brother pointed out an object circaling above in the sky i tried to record it but my camcorder wouldn't pic up even the stars as it moved into the distance it became harder to see them off inthe distance we could slightly see two more off in the distance then we couldn't see them anymore. closer to the ground probably 300 feet off the ground;45.2377;-93.2765
Three objects, two headed north, one headed south, all about 2 minutes apart.;2003-05-17 23:10:00;30;Three objects, two headed north, one headed south, all about 2 minutes apart. My wife was outside and noticed a meteor shoot across the sky.  She came inside to tell us about it, and myself and my 3 sons went outside to see if there were any more.  Within 2 minutes my wife noticed an object traveling north, higher than a plane, consistent speed.  Another couple minutes passed, we observed another, in almost the same path as the first.  About 4 minutes later we observed another traveling south, opposite direction as the first two, but in what looked to be the same flight path.  The sky became hazy and our observation ended.;45.2377;-93.2765
Point of Light type heavenly body in the eastern sky showed significant movement in various directions on the evening of Nov. 7.;2007-11-07 22:30:00;10 minutes;Point of Light type heavenly body in the eastern sky showed significant movement in various directions on the evening of Nov. 7. I was naked eye stargazing last night (11/07/07), a perfect night for stargazing because of the stillness and clarity of the stars.  I was looking eastward, paying special attention to the flickering stars.  A speck of light in the mid-level eastern sky caught my eye because of the nature of its flickering.  It appeared to be multi-colored, green, white, red, brighter flickers at times. There appeared to be an almost rotational aspect to the flickering.  I began to watch it closely, primarily because of the fact that when I first laid eyes on it, I thought I detected movement.  As I moved my position to be free of neighboring lights, I attempted to ascertain whether or not the object was moving.  Using two objects in the sky which I was sure were stars, the object in question was in such a position with respect to the two stars that it formed an isoceles triangle.  But then the object became aligned with the top-most of the two stars minutes later it was aligned with the bottom star.  I was convinced the object was moving, but so slowly as to be indiscernible.  As I changed my position, I looked down at my feet for a moment, and when I returned my gaze to the object, it was no longer there.  I looked southward of where I had been looking and I thought I detected it somewhat lower in the sky but the same flashing pattern was evident, so I thought I had re-detected it.  I studied its location in the sky for a few minutes but could not detect any motion, and after awhile I went inside, it being quite chilly out and it was getting late.  I personally feel this was the first time I've ever actually witnessed what I consider to be an authentic UFO, and I just turned 50!;45.2377;-93.2765
