Triangular UFO moves slow and silent, changes direction sporadically;2012-03-08 21:00:00;2-3 Minutes;Triangular UFO moves slow and silent, changes direction sporadically I was outside walking my dog around 9 PM like I do every night.  I always look at the stars when I do.  This night I was especially excited cause reports said I may be able to see the aurora borealis due to recent high solar activity.   As soon as I came out I was upset as the sky was completely clouded over.  Couldn't even see a single star.  While looking around i looked northeast in to the sky, and I saw what appeared to be a plane.  As I began to look closer I noticed that it didn't look like any plane I had ever seen.  It had 3 lights in a triangular formation, all white.  And in the center had a small white light that seemed to be projecting different colors out of it a bit, reds, blues, greens, yellows.  It kept on changing.   Now the weirdest part about it that makes me know it wasn't an airplane, it looked as if it was only about less than a mile away. It was extremely close, but it was moving extremely slow.  It was barely moving at all.  It took it a full 2 minutes at least to travel what seemed to be me 2000 feet.  It was heading my direction, almost straight at me(heading southwest).   Then out of nowhere it spontaneously changed direction and began to head north and higher up into the sky.    About 20 seconds after it changed direction, it just vanished.  I haven't really been sure what to make of it since.  I thought maybe a helicopter, but this vehicle had no sound whatsoever, if it were a plane or helicopter it was close enough that I most definitely would have heard it.  I don't own a camera so couldn't take any photos or anything.  Was thinking of asking neighbors if they had seen anything but didn't in fear of them thinking i'm a nutcase.  Also I did not see any other planes in the sky that night.  I stayed outside for about 10 more minutes hoping it might come back but unfortunately it did not.;40.1586;-75.282
