It changed shape from a cigar shape to a circle and back again.;1979-06-20 13:00:00;25 seconds;It changed shape from a cigar shape to a circle and back again. After reading so many of your sightings sent in, I remembered my Dad and I standing in our yard and Dad says Look at that thing, it's changing!  It was indeed changing shape, from a cigar shaped to a circle and to a cigar shape again.  It appeared to be squirting along, like the shape change was part of it's locomotion.   This was a clear sky with a few high clouds.  The thing appeared to be metallic, but it didn't show the sun reflecting off of it like an airplane.  It appeared dull.  Was going pretty fast, but not so fast as to make it difficult to see.  Jets now go faster than it was going.   Dad mumbled something about a UFO, but I think he was joking.   I was 10 or 11, and am 35 now.  I didn't think any more of it untill I read that other people had seen UFO's that change shape!   Thanks for all your time and dedication! ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
November 2007 Sighting of Strange Object in Terre Haute Indiana.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling star??  PD));2007-11-15 22:30:00;40 Minutes;November 2007 Sighting of Strange Object in Terre Haute Indiana This being the only time I've ever witnessed any unusual object in the sky, I was reluctant to report such.  However, after seeing several videos online as well as interview clips on the History Channel, it is now my belief that I was one of many that witnessed this object or type of object.  I had been outside in front of my house about five minutes when I had an urge to walk to the rear of my house. I felt like someone was back there. When I came to the backside of my house I didn't see anyone standing around, but I immediately noticed what at first appeared to be cop lights just above the horizon approximately 3-5 miles away.  At first the cop lights flashed randomly from red to blue but then I noticed green and then yellow flashing as well. I went back inside to get a monocular to get a better look and also asked my girlfriend to come outside and take a look.  As I viewed the object through the monocular, I noticed it randomly switched colors (red, blue, green, yellow) and also shapes.  It first appeared like a diamond or two triangles with bottoms touching. Then the object went all white and became much larger momentarily. After about 15 seconds, the object appeared to get very small or possibly move away from me. When the object was all white, it appeared more like an oval or sphere.  The object randomly shifted between colors, size and shapes the entire time I watched through the monocular or without the monocular.  When I did use the monocular, I held it against the side of my house to ensure a steady view.  The object appeared to go from complete stillness to bouncy and back. Again, everything seemed to be random.  My girlfriend seen exactly what I was seeing... whatever that was.  I myself was in the US Air Force and am certain it was not conventional aircraft of any sort that I have seen before, or since.  One odd note I should add is the fact that my girlfriend has had several experiences all of her life in terms of seeing strange objects and beings.  She has had geometric patterns appear on her tongue that change in shape and appeared to be cut in to her tongue, only to vanish within a few days.  Not witnessed by myself, but several of her family members.  She also has a strange bump just under the skin on her left calve. It's been checked by a doctor (now years ago) but was considered a calcium anomaly.  With reports of alien implants, I thought perhaps with everything she has experienced, perhaps there's more to it.  More specific details of this experience are available upon request. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD))  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling star??  PD));39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
