Black Triangular Shaped Craft Sighting;1997-03-12 20:30:00;2 min;Black Triangular Shaped Craft Sighting 8:24 PM 3/12/97 Tonight my wife and I took our daughter outside to see the stars and to show our daughter comet hale bopp in the north west sky. while I was showing my daughter the comet my wife was looking southwest and screamed my name and what is that! and as I turned and looked up we all saw this object just hovering and had 3 sets of lights below it and it was hovering just a little southwest of our garage near an Interstate. Then it seemed as though it knew we had discovered it and the UFO started to glide towards us and over our property and over the top of us and it was hugh.! It covered approx. 2 acres in size. These three lights were all under a triangular shaped craft, which seemed to rotate as they went. This triangular shaped craft glided silently over our entire yard and and a neighbors yard and had a violet to brownish amber color from the lights under it by then. I also noticed that there seemed to be a  like a field around the edges the triangle shaped craft, I say this because at the object passed over our heads the stars seemed to wiggle around the perhirphy of the outside circumference like heat stagger or like when you look out over the hood of your car on a hot sunny day, you see the heat rising off of it. Then the stars would disappear untill the object moved past us and stopped blocking the view of the stars. The National guard radar did not paint a target they told me, as i called them. but this triangle shaped craft suddenly moved faster than a jet plane as it left our area, and I wonder if there radar could even register that speed. This object was close, real close to us, like 1-200 feet above us, and all black. There was also no sound either before, during or after the sighting from the object. It gained enomous speed and curved north and east as it departed in a big hurry. We have not seen it since.  I later contacted Dr. Stanton Friedman via e-mail and he suggested I report this. I have ponderd it for awhile before mentioning it.;39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
I saw a large triangular craft with multicolored lights on the outside.  I estimate the size between 150-250 feet across.  There was no;1999-05-13 01:15:00;15 seconds;I saw a large triangular craft with multicolored lights on the outside.  I estimate the size between 150-250 feet across.  There was no sound and the craft accelerated away at a rapid speed (no sound either!).  I'm a skeptic but this really scared me. I had just finished work and decided to drive out to the local Air National Guard base here in Terre Haute.  It was about 1:15 am.  Sometimes, the guard runs night practice and when I can't sleep I will go watch the planes take off and land.  There were no planes this night, but I parked on a small country road not too far from the runway.   I got out of my car and looked up to see if I could see anything circling the airport.  It was silent and I almost fell to the ground because a large triangular craft was approaching from behind me (to the east).  It was completely silent and about 150-250 feet across with blue, red and white lights that appeared to go all the way around the craft.   I estimate the elevation was no more than 1000-1500 feet from the ground.  It was simply hovering and within about 10-15 seconds, it left toward the western sky at a tremendous speed (faster than the fighter jets I am used to watching).  What was strangest is that the craft made NO sound.   I am a skeptic and quite frankly I do not believe in UFO's, but having no idea what this craft is, I would have to call it a UFO.  I am a Ph.D. scientist here at a local university (I do NOT want my name divulged as I am sure to be ridiculed).  I simply cannot imagine the technology behind this craft.   I am reporting this to you for your information and do not wish to have my privacy invaded.  This is a small town and the University is not that big either so I hope you can understand my wish for anonymity.;39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
Triangular shaped ship seen flying at low altitude across southern Terre Haute, Indiana;1999-09-15 05:00:00;90seconds;Triangular shaped ship seen flying at low altitude across southern Terre Haute, Indiana Yes I had just gotten home from work and my girlfriend had just left when I went out on my back patio to do some star gazing. I must have been starring up into the sky do south looking for anything such as meteorites, constellations, I had been scanning the southern sky for about 20 minutes when I suddenly realised that there was a patch of the sky that was starless. At first I didnt recognise anything beyond that until I watched that area a few more seconds when this very large triangular ship materialized right in front of me. Its hard to explain but it was like-cloaked in such a way that at first you could stare right at it you wouldnt see it but when I focused on it I could easily see it. This craft was very close. Estimate size 200ft. I would estimate 60 yards away. Light eminated from it as if it had a low glow to it. No specific lights only the craft itself was lightly ablase. This led me to believe that its stealth quality was do to its ambient light equal to the light from the stars and street lights. Anyway I could make out the ships color which was a light brown or tan similar to the camoflage color used in the Military for desert combat. It was in a position gaining altitude at least a 45 degree angle and yaued left pitch where I had a good view of its top surface but not its bottom. It was perfectly silent as it moved gracefully and slowly at first. Estimate 20 mph. Then the higher it got and further  from my position it picked up incredible speed. It winked out of vision withen a few seconds heading in a due southerly direction. I was able to make out some details in the ships design such as rounded edges and the triangular shape was very slightly ovate in that it had a slight concave curve to its over-all body. It appeared very high tech and what I would expect to see in our own technology withen a few hundred years. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We do not know if the witness means 5:00 a.m., or p.m..  PD));39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
Slow moving silent triangle defined by pale yellow chevron and a single bright center light with moving north in southern Vigo Co.;2003-12-09 19:54:00;5 minutes;Slow moving silent triangle defined by pale yellow chevron and a single bright center light with moving north in southern Vigo Co. I was driving west on Harlan Drive (commonly known as Stuckey Road) about 4 miles east of US Highway 41 in southern Vigo county.  I saw a bright light in the sky to my south at a fairly high angle of elevation. There was little apparent motion of the light, not unusual in itself. This is about 10 miles south and a little west of Hulman Field (airport) where F16 fighters fly in and out all the time.  However the duration of event and its lack of apparent motion and the brightness of the light were triggers for my interest.  I turned south on Hutchison Street off of Harlan, still on my path home, and I saw the light was now less intense  and I stopped my car about 1/2 mile south of Harlan Drive and got out to look at this object.  At this point I could discern that there were five pale yellow lights in a symetric chevron with the point in the direction of what I perceived to be a slow movement in the direction of north by northeast. The apparent size of the object was about the size of my thumb with my arm fully extended.  There was a single white light in the center of the apparent triangle formed by the vertices of the pale yellow chevron and this light flashed on and off at a slow rate.  The center light was not a harsh white like a strobe light. Also the white light seemed very big for a what would normally be an anti-collision strobe light on an aircraft.  I watched the object over the period of a few minutes gradually go north and become obscured by a tree line to the north. It was completely dark, the sky was partly cloudy and the moon was almost obscured by clouds.  I could not determine the actual size of the object as I had no references to determine its actual altitude. If it was a small craft like a fighter, it was pretty low if larger who knows?. I could detect no sound. This object might have  easily been some kind of conventional craft, but I have never seen any aircraft with such pale yellow running lights on the leading edge of its wings, and operating so quietly. There w! ere no red/green navigation lights. Hence this registered very strongly with me as an unusual sight.  For what its worth, I am not qualified in any way as an aviation expert I am ex-military.  This thing did not spark anything except curiosity in me, and I tend to doubt this was any kind of ET craft. However it was flying it was a real object it was strange enough to be called unidentified.  So in my book, its a UFO.;39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
Triangular object with about 3 lights that changed from bright white to all red when it slowed down.;2010-04-11 22:00:00;30 min;Triangular object with about 3 lights that changed from bright white to all red when it slowed down. The incident occurred on 04-11-2010 in Terre Haute, IN.  It lasted for at least a half an hour between 9:45-10:30 pm EST.  My husband and I were on our way to return a movie rental and from there, to the gas station.  A few minutes earlier, I had tried to go to the gas station that was closest to home, but the lines were backed up and the attendant said the systems were down.  So, I came home and told my husband what was going on and that I'd try later.  He said he wanted to make sure the tank was filled, so he decided to come along and after returning the movie, we would just go to the gas station that's a few miles down the street.  As we were leaving the parking lot of the video store, (driving west) I noticed a very bright white light, coming from the east just over the trees well north of us.  At first, I thought it was a low-flying plane but it seemed to be moving faster than a plane and it had no colored lights just very bright white.  I told my husba! nd, who was driving at the time, what I was seeing and he tried to get a look, but we were on a fairly busy street and the object was coming in and out of view from behind trees. He didn't want to cause an accident so, I just kept watching the object, waiting for it to reach an open area.  While I was watching it, the object went from a fast-moving white light to nearly a stop and all the bright white lights turned bright red.  It appeared to be hovering or moving very slowly in the north sky.  As I was telling my husband what had just happened, that I wasn't crazy, and I knew what I had seen...we turned south.  It was then behind us and out of view.  While driving maybe 3 city blocks south, I noticed the red lights again, this time, in an open area in the distant southwestern sky.  It must've moved really fast toward the south (without us noticing) in order for it to be that far ahead of us that soon.   Finally, my husband saw it too.  When we reached the gas station (the ! one that's a few miles from home) I went inside to pre-pay and! the att endant said the system had just went down.  My husband stayed outside watching the object that appeared to be hovering or moving really slow still to the south of us.  We pulled out from the gas station (driving east) and the object appeared to be moving again slowly toward the northeast.   It looked like it was going to pass directly overhead and we were in an area where we could pull off the road into a vacant lot.  My husband got out of the car, looked up, and watched it slowly pass over us.   He described it as a triangular object with distinct bright red lights at the corners and 1 white light, that made only a slight humming sound.  I couldn't hear anything from inside the car.  I would think any plane flying that low and that slow would be much louder than a slight hum, but I could be wrong.  I had my cell phone on me but didn't think to take a picture because, at that time, we were just trying to figure out what it was.  It seemed to be heading northeast toward the s! ame area where I had initially seen it.  We pulled out of the lot and headed north again to the gas station nearest home to see if their systems were up yet.  The object remained on the west side of us moving north toward the east.  We watched it the entire time we were driving, and this time, I tried to take a picture of it with my cell phone.  The street lights and the treetops that were near the object were visible on my screen but, the red lights were not showing for me to get a picture.  It was like my camera couldn't pick it up.  We pulled up to the gas station (nearest our home) and I went inside to ask if the system was working yet.  The attendant told me it was working fine now... so, I pre-paid.  I went outside to pump the gas and the pump said OUT OF SERVICE.  The attendant came over the intercom and said I'm sorry, it'll be a few minutes the system just went down again.  The object continued on it's way to the northeast until it was out of view. It was then, t! hat conveniently, the system came back up and I was finally ab! le to fi ll up my tank.  I never saw it return to the bright white lights that I had initially seen, it remained red until it disappeared from view.  I don't know how to explain the systems going down whenever that thing was in the vicinity, or how I couldn't pick up the lights on my camera.  I don't know if anyone else noticed this or reported it.  It happened right over town and there were many people out and about.  Maybe it was just a plane and the systems failing was all just a coincidence...I don't know.  All I do know, is it was a weird and rather frustrating experience for us.  I would also like to know if anyone else experienced this.;39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
Large triangle craft easily as big as an aircraft carrier.;2020-02-22 08:30:00;3min;Large triangle craft easily as big as an aircraft carrier. United State Navy QM.  I saw a cloaked flying triangle over my city gliding along making no sound.  It was massive in size!!  Close to an aircraft carrier.  It had rounded edges at the top and bottom the middle section was recessed in.  It was coming from the south and head north then it made a course change to NE.  I believe it was a lot bigger that a Carrie.  I was having time grasping the sure size of it and believing what I was seeing.  I was looking at the Pleiades constellation when it caught my eye.  It was cloaked but had like a slight shimmer.  It was like it was projecting the stars on its hull.  The best I can  say it made me think of the cloaking you see in a predator movie.  The dogs in the neighborhood were going completely nuts.  I believe the shimmer I was seeing was the moonlight some how reflecting.  Also why this was going on clouds started moving in almost like they were part of it.  Trying to keep it hidden.  I have seen a lot in the sky but this one by far was the craziest.;39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
