Noise and extreme light outside my windows;1977-03-01 12:12:00;2 minutes;Noise and extreme light outside my windows I'm not sure of the date or time but I was in bed watching MaryHartman, MaryHartman and the picture on the television went to snow but the voices continued (cable tv), almost immediately,an extremely loud sound was directly overhead (like a jet noise), my cat started crying at the same time and his hair was on end like static electricity.   I left the bedroom and walked down the hall into the kitchen (approximately 10 feet), the hair on my arms stood up and I had goosebumps (I never get goosebumps), as I went into the kitchen, I could see this bright light flooding into the windows through the living room windows as well as the kitchen windows.  I did not see anything but the extreme light surrounding the house.   Then all of the sudden, the sound and light was gone, The television was back to normal  It could have been less than 2 minutes or more, its hard to gauge.  I know I stood in the kitchen for at least a minute before the light and sound abruptly stopped.  There was no fading out of the sound.  The television immediately cleared up and within a minute or two, jets were scrambled out of Hulman Airfield.  I called the airfield immediately and asked them what had happened and they denied anything.   I have never told anyone of this experience.  I'm almost 50 years old.  I'm not claiming to have been abducted.  I truly do not know what it was but it was out of my experience, then or now. After this experience, I always left a window open for belief in ufo's.   I saw the special on ABC last night and felt I should at least tell someone for the record.    I have not see or heard anything strange since.  I've tried to explain the phenomenon to myself for decades, but it must have been something.  I would like to know if anyone has experienced this as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
Abducted, studied, scared.;2004-03-14 01:00:00;1-2 minutes;Abducted, studied, scared. Well, I was going to bed, and I felt like I was being watched, then, I saw a Bright, Green Light in the sky. It was swirvy, and from the botom, cam a bright red light, then I almost idmeatdiatly fell into a deep sleep. I had a dream, and a figure was telling me not to be scared, and that i would be in extreme pain for a moment, and I woke up, on the floor, with neck pain like i was going to die and five scars on my hand (supposedly from a blackedned hand, but i never noticed thesae scars before). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
Overpowering, frightening, and extremely loud sounds coming from above.;2014-03-10 04:00:00;60+ minutes;Overpowering, frightening, and extremely loud sounds coming from above. My boyfriend and I went into our screened in porch to smoke a cigarette together, while smoking, we heard a strange noise in the distance, shrugged it off and decided “Oh it’s just wind or traffic noise”, though there were no cars and it was very calm and still weather.   We finished our cigarettes and went back into the house, only to hear the noise growing louder and louder.  We went back into the porch, and even our cats seemed to be upset over the noise.  The sound was very loud and overpowering, it sounded similar to a strong violent windstorm with the following sounds coming from inside it: large vacuum cleaner, heavy rotating machinery, electrical humming or buzzing.  The sound was all around us but coming from above, our first instinct was to look towards the sky, but the sky was clear.  Then we tried to make sense of it, the loudness of it should have caused vibrations in the ground but there were none, we felt like we should take cover from the wind but it was calm and still.  It lasted for about an hour and a half, give or take, and then suddenly came to an immediate stop.   During the time the sound was active, the sound would fade in and out.  We were surprised once it ended that our neighbors were not woken by the noise and outside wondering the same things we were.  This was not the first time this has happened, we experienced the same exact thing a few months ago.  The first experience was not as loud and disruptive as the second.  The day after the first experience, I logged into my Facebook to check my Facebook feed and catch up with friends, when I noticed a post that my cousin in Ohio had made.  She had complained about a “loud giant vacuum like noise” that had kept her up most of the night.   Her post was made about an hour or so after we heard the noise at our house.  Maybe a coincidence, but I personally have become a UFO believer since the recent experiences I’ve had.   During the second experience, my boyfriend had captured video of the sound, and video of what it sounded like after the sound had stopped.;39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
Three white lights were hovering in the Terre Haute area.;2016-04-20 00:00:00;5 days +;Three white lights were hovering in the Terre Haute area. The date of occurrences are between April 19-24.  I saw these objects while visiting my family in Terre Haute, IN. I’m a smoker and a night owl and had to go outside to smoke.  As I watched the night sky, usually from 11pm to 3am, I would notice one object that frequented the northeastern sky.   Another appeared on occasion southwest of it.  A third appeared in between the two on only two nights.  One night, I saw two flying across the sky as if together however, one was at a higher altitude than the other.  At the time, I wondered why two planes would have been allowed to fly so closely together.  Turns out, they were not planes. The objects were very high in the sky and appeared to be bright stars.  All three had a steady white light.  I also saw the haphazard flashing of a green light, and sometimes a red one pulsating from each.  The objects were so high in the sky that I couldn’t make out a definite shape however, the pulsating colored lights may have been underneath the objects as if suspended from helicopter skids.  It is possible that the objects were triangular but that is only speculation. The northeastern-most seemed to be the most active with its flight path.  All three objects seemed to hover most of the time but sometimes would move ahead, execute a tight circle, then move forward again.  They all stayed in their designated areas.  Their actions were similar to a remote control toy being repeatedly moved then stopped.  Sometimes, when executing a circle, a turn, a sideways maneuver or acceleration, bursts of firefly-looking exhaust emitted from them. . I believe that Terre Haute is in the flight path of some planes leaving Indianapolis International Airport.  On more than one occasion, I was able to compare the planes’ pulsating lights and chemtrails of jets to the UFO’s.  The jets were probably close to their highest altitude but were not nearly as high as the UFO’s. I also compared the objects to the stars.  The objects were at a much lower altitude than the stars but much too high to be planes or helicopters. The only background was the night sky.  The objects were only visible at night.  They were not visible when overcast.  They did not emit any sound.;39.4565071776155;-87.4002894160585
