6 Orange Orbs Travel West to East Across the Northern Sky in South Florida.;2014-01-25 20:45:00;6 minutes;6 Orange Orbs Travel West to East Across the Northern Sky in South Florida At 8:45 pm, I received a phone call from my sister and her husband on their way home from dinner.  They were about a half-mile away from my home and told me to go outside quickly and look at the sky.   I went outside and while facing north, I could see three orange orbs going in a straight line across the sky slowly from West to East.  My sister was yelling “what are they?” and as I watched, I had no idea what I was looking at.  I could hear no sound and could not judge any kind of distance.  One of the orange orbs was out ahead of the other two I would say about double the distance that the second two were apart from each other.  We talked on the phone for a minute or two as the objects disappeared into the eastern sky.  About a minute after that, two more orbs appeared following the same path, and my sister and her husband arrived at my house as I pointed out the new orbs.  My nephew was called out of the house to see these two and the four of us watched as they too disappeared into the eastern sky.   At about 8:51 a single orb appeared on the same track as the other five, we watched it slowly move across the sky to the east, and it too disappeared.  I would describe the light from these orbs as fire -like in that it was the color of fire and fluctuated like a bright flame, but did not trail behind like you would expect if a flame was moving across the sky.  Living in Florida I have often witnessed Space Shuttle Launches and other Rocket Launches from Cape Canaveral from my yard but nothing like what I saw tonight.  Tonight’s lights seemed much closer and brighter than any thing I had seen before.;26.8238;-80.1406999999999
5-8 reddish orange balls/circles in night sky over Florida.;2019-01-04 20:30:00;5 minutes;5-8 reddish orange balls/circles in night sky over Florida. I was driving in my apartment complex with my mother after dropping my brother off at his apt when I seen a reddish orange light in the sky.  Then almost immediately more appeared there were three in a row vertically and one each on the left and right of the vertical line.  There may have been a couple more but I didn’t have time to count them all accurately.   They were stationary in the sky and seems to glow a bit. We stopped at the mail center and my mom got out of the car and I asked her what are those and that’s when she seen them as well. She said they weren’t moving and that she heard sirens. After we parked the car at our apt about a block away we got out and could still see a few of them but our vision was blocked by trees. I called my brother and told him to look out his balcony to see if he can see them.  He stated that he could and when entering his house he seen them as well but didn’t think anything of it at first.  My mother and I decided to walk to the gazebo down by the lake where there would be a better view.  My brother still on the phone with me decided to walk down to meet us.  He said that he could only see one or two and that one looked like it was going into the other.  By the time we got to the clearing they all disappeared. I’m not really certain what it was that we saw but I feel it could have been UFOs.  If anyone has alternative theories or know what they were that would be great to know.;26.8238;-80.1406999999999
