bright orange light in western horizon, further examination=orange lights in shape of stealth aircraft belly,rotating;2005-11-25 04:15:00;ongoing;bright orange light in western horizon, further examination=orange lights in shape of stealth aircraft belly,rotating in the western horizon, position- if whatching a sunset area in western horizon approx. top of 1 hour prior to total sunset, I noticed a bright viborateding orange star, with rays radiating out(ie: such as star of Bethahem is portrayed), then using a pair of strong bonoculars, saw lights in the shape of the belly of a stealth aircraft. orange-ish in color, a line running up the center from tail to point of craft, from point continueing out like wings, the craft rotated multiple position, hoovering within the same area, all other stars in the sky seem further away and much whiter, I'm attempting to find someone else who is seeing this or looking for an explanation (ie: airforce testing) ((NUFORC Note:  Probable sighting of the planet, Venus, in the southwestern sky.  PD));26.8238;-80.1406999999999
Girlfriend and I witnessed some shape shifting shadow on the beach at 4 am..;2013-05-29 04:00:00;20 minutes;Girlfriend and I witnessed some shape shifting shadow on the beach at 4 am To whom it may concern,   I am submitting this report from the encouragement of my friends who have informed me of your website.  Due to the date in proximity of it's 1 yr. anniversary I have decided to tell my story. Last summer my girlfriend and I frequently visited Juno Beach in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.  On a few occasions we did witness ufo's in the sky at night. According to people in the area, apparently this beach is a hot spot for that type of activity. One night almost one year ago, my girlfriend and I fell asleep on our blanket and awoke at almost 4am in the morning.  We gathered our stuff and decided to leave when I noticed a shadow figure by the shoreline giving off a blue blinking light. 1-2 seconds then blink...then 1-2 second and then blink.  But the movement of the shadow was very weird.  It went up and down, to the left and to the right.  Next thing we knew the shadow darted across the shoreline about 50 feet to the left.  My girlfriend decided to find out what it was.  Just an fyi: we were not under the influence of any drugs/alchohol and there was no one at the beach at this time.  It was dark and empty at 4am!  Next thing we decide to go down to the shoreline.  When we were near the moving shadow figure I decided to shine my cell phone light over it.  It was then that we both witnessed the figure shift it's shape to form arms and legs.  Completely black, no face with a blue light that would not allow us to see a face if there was one.  The figure then puts one arm out near us and we immediately ran back up and went home.  Before we left the sand, we looked back and saw the figure had left.  We couldn't see the light anymore. We'd like to clarification if anyone within this organization knows what this thing might have been. Thanks!;26.8238;-80.1406999999999
Three sphere-shaped UFO's were seen high up in the sky, in broad daylight. One of them was ahead of the other two, which were doing cro;2016-02-07 11:50:00;45 seconds;Three sphere-shaped UFO's were seen high up in the sky, in broad daylight.  One of them was ahead of the other two, which were doing cross-like motions around each other. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));26.8238;-80.1406999999999
Light in sky seen in same spot (not moving) for at least 10 minutes.;2016-05-08 23:35:00;>10 minutes;Light in sky seen in same spot (not moving) for at least 10 minutes. I was walking my dogs on Sunday May 8, 2016, (Clear night with no clouds), when I saw a small flash in the sky just below a star.  I initially thought it was a plane because of the way a plane’s lights blink when flying in the night sky.  However, the flash did immediately occur again.   I continued to gaze in the same direction when about 30 seconds later, I saw a light flash again in the “same spot”.  I thought this was a bit strange.  So I took out my iphone and began to video tape the area I saw this light.  Unfortunately, the iphone camera isn’t the best, especially at night and the distance this thing was.  The light was far away (I think) as you can see on the video.  I filmed for about 4 minutes and then contemplated going back to my house to get a video camera.  I continued to watch and it continued to blink every 30-40 seconds (an estimate) in the same spot.  The light was definitely different from the light from the stars.  I decided to film again with! the iphone and the same occurrence was seen.  It was really strange.  I was pretty excited.  I decided to get home to drop the dogs off and to find my video camera.  I found it, but no battery charge.  I walked back outside to watch again, but I no longer saw the light. When I played the video for the first time, I didn’t even see the light on the camera, even though you can hear me stating “there it goes again”.  I decided to slow the video down with imovie.  In a dark room and watching the video in slomo, you can see the flash of light, but to my surprise, there were other lights that blinked on and then off right after the other one.  Really weird.  I have also zoomed in on the flash of light and it’s completed different from the light zoomed in on a star.  It looks triangular.   I can send the video, because I’m sure you have better software to zoom in, brighten, and slow the video down.  If I had the software I would do this.  I know this isn’t some amazing close up sighting, but it’s definitely odd.;26.8238;-80.1406999999999
