Three Lights Form Triangle in Sky Near Russellville, AR on Evening of 10/29/03;2003-10-29 18:50:00;<1 minute;Three Lights Form Triangle in Sky Near Russellville, AR on Evening of 10/29/03 Traveling east on state highway 326 along the edge of Lake Dardanelle on the north side of Russellville, AR, my wife and I noticed three bright lights in the sky approximately 5-10 degrees above the horizon east of our location.  The three lights formed an equilateral triangular with two of the lights forming the base and the third light forming the peak.   They were white with a brightness approximately like headlights of an oncoming vehicle.  Based on nearby landmarks (e.g., edge of the lake, Interstate 40, etc.), it appeared that the lights were at least a mile away from our location, but it is impossible to estimate how far away they actually were.  To get an idea of how far apart the lights were from one another, if I had held a ruler with my arm extended toward the lights, I estimate that the distance between each light would have appeared to have been 2-3 apart. The lights did not blink or move while we observed them.  We saw the lights for approximately 15 seconds before they instantly disappeared.  We could still see a few faint stars in that area of the sky but saw nothing at all that could possibly account for the three lights.  Based on these characteristics, we do not believe that the lights were produced from airplanes or helicopters.;35.3016786516854;-93.0850157303372
Russellville, AR, triangle lights west of nuclear power plant.  ((NUFORC Note:  See addenda from reader, and source of report!!  PD));2009-02-12 21:40:00;approx one minnute;Russellville, Arkansas triangle lights west of nuclear power plant We were driving East on Interstate 40, through Russellville, AR.  The time was around 9:40pm.  I saw what i thought was a low flying plane move gracefully over the tree line about 200 yards ahead of us.  I saw another set of lights less than a few hundred feet behind it.  They just glided (for lack of a better description ) over the interstate.  I didn't think much of it at first until the second set of triangle shaped lights came to a sudden stop on the tree line just to the right (south) of us on the freeway.  We pulled off to the shoulder, I flew out of the car, and it was gone.  Silent and instantly it disappeared, as my buddy and I watched.  I documented it on my map and wrote down where we were at, so when we stopped for the night we could see of there were any small airports nearby.  As it happens, nothing but a lake and a state forest in is that area of rural Arkansas.  It was about seven miles west of Russellville on I-40, a few miles from a nuclear power plant. The objects came from the north side of the road at approximately 9:40 pm.  The object I saw first was triangle shaped, with a solid white light at front and the lower right corner, and a solid greenish colored light on lower left.  It flew relatively slow and continued its path over the tree line.   The second craft was similar, following extremely close behind and had solid white lights on all three corners.  It made a dead stop less than a a hundred feet off the shoulder of Interstate 40.  It hung there for what seemed like 30 seconds, maybe shorter. ((ADDENDUM #1 OF 2--FROM VISITOR TO THE NUFORC WEBSITE)) Mr. Davenport,  I would like to comment on a sighting dated 2/12/09 near Russellville, Arkansas.  I live very near to the described location of the reported sighting.  Based on the description furnished by the witness, I believe what was observed was a flight of three C-130 aircraft from the Little Rock Air Force Base.  These aircraft fly directly over my home every night with out fail between 8 and 10 p.m..  The usual flight path is from the northeast to the southwest.  Along this flight path, the aircraft pass approximately 3-5 nautical miles west of Arkansas Nuclear One (the nuclear plant metioned in the report).  Additionally, the aircrafts' usual approximate altitude is less than 1000 feet and display the lighting characteristics described by the witness (on one occasion they were so low that they momentarily blocked the signal to my satellite television receiver).  My personal opinion on the reported hovering of one of the aircraft is that if the aircraft is observed flying directly away from the observer it could appear to be motionless or hovering, as I have personally observed this with these aircraft on several occasions. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to the source of this comment.  We will post it, such that it is posted together with the original report.  PD)) ((END ADDENDUM #1 OF 2)) ((ADDENDUM #2 OF 2--COMMENT FROM ORIGINAL WITNESS, AND SOURCE OF REPORT)) I just made a report about a recent sighting. While  I was on the website, I decided to look at my old posting from Feb 12, 2009. A response was made and I believe the response to be wrong and demeaning to my story.  http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/068/S68848.html  http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/069/S69646.html I grew up my while life on Sugarbush Road, which runs parallel to the Selfridge Air Force Base runway, here in Chesterfield, MI.  I have seen nearly every type of military aircraft make its way over my house in one form or another.  The C130 has ALWAYS got my attention when they would fly over because they were very low and VERY loud.  They would fly so low you would think that they were skipping over the trees.  So I am VERY familiar with the C130 and how they look in the sky, be it day or night.  That being said, these were NOT C130 aircraft that we saw.  They were MUCH larger than any aircraft I have ever seen.  Also, I have NEVER seen a C130 fly right on the tail of another C130.  It was so close it was like it was being towed by the other one in front.  Regarding how the it can look like it was hovering comment, I understand when he meant, but that is not what happened.  We were already coming to a very fast stop on the shoulder.  The van was pretty much at a stop already when we saw it/them hovering.  I think the response to my report is uninformed and based on what he thought we saw.  He did not see what we saw when we saw it.  We stand by our story! Thank you,  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM #2));35.3016786516854;-93.0850157303372
Followed a craft and ended following two crafts that was just to fast to keep up with.;2011-03-31 23:24:00;3 minutes;Followed a craft and ended following two crafts that was just to fast to keep up with. At first what I thought I was seeing a helicopter because it had three lights but then I noticed that there wasn't any flashing lights. So it caught my interest.  The object was hovering and then started to move to my right after I noticed that it wasn't a helicopter.  I was driving when I saw it so I just started following it.  I didn't think it would move very fast but it started going so fast that the lights vanished in under a minute.  While I was following one of the lights disappeared and then I could only see two lights. I believe it was because when I first spotted it I was seeing it from the side and as it moved I ended up behind the craft.   As I was following the craft, it seemed as if the whole thing turned over on it's back while it flown away from town.  The lights on the craft changed from being horizontal to each other to being vertical and back to horizontal just before moving beyond seeing distance.  Also, while I was following this first craft I s! aw my girlfriend that was in the car with me saw a different one.  They were both headed in the same direction.  The crafts was in the shape of a triangle but with rounded edges and it seemed to have a dark gray color to it.  The lights were located at each end of the triangle and were halfway from the top and the bottom of the craft.  The crafts also looked like they changed shape while turning over but they were too far to describe the shape it finally formed into.  Right after the little chase one of my headlights went out.  It most likely wasn't from the sightings but I'd just thought I'd add that because I thought it was weird for it to burn out after that.  Russellville has a lot of cops so I didn't drive over the speed limit chasing the crafts, I probably only drove around 40 mph at most. This is the second time I've seen anything like this but my first for this town.;35.3016786516854;-93.0850157303372
