One orb and one bright light seen 08/25/2012 Coeburn, Va. Second sighting in two weeks;2012-08-25 21:40:00;10 minutes;One orb and one bright light seen 08/25/2012 Coeburn, Va. Second sighting in two weeks This is the second sighting my husband and I have seen this month. (Refer to similar sighting reported on the night of the meteor showers a couple of weeks ago, which occurred at approximately the same time at night.) This sighting differed somewhat, however, in location and the description of the objects and activity. Tonight (8/25) my husband was outside watching the stars. The sky is very clear and cool, with no cloud coverage.  Half-moon clearly visible. My husband came into the house and told me to come outside immediately. Here is what he/I saw: He witnessed a very large orb making no noise. He thought originally that it was a star but it gradually increased in size and became so bright that he had to shield his eyes. It appeared to be stationary and only became larger and brighter. The entire encounter occurred over the course of approximately one minute and the object began to dim until it totally disappeared. Its location was in the northern part of the sky close to the constellation of the Little Dipper. He continued to watch and about five minutes later, another object appeared out of nowhere, smaller in size but still quite bright and circular in shape. This object appeared in the northwest and did not make any noise. He came to the door and called for me. I went outside onto the back porch and I also so this object. It was headed southeast, very bright and larger than a plane. I heard no noise either. We watched it flying at what seemed to be a high rate of speed for about a minute and a half. I ran inside to get my cell phone in an attempt to capture the event but when I got back outside about 30 seconds later, it was gone. My husband said that it went from the bright white light we had both seen, to a dull red, and then it was gone. We both witnessed an airplane in the northwest a few minutes later, with obvious blinking and engine noise. So whatever he and I saw earlier was not a plane mistaken for something else, I don’t believe. He remained outside for another fifteen minutes or so and did not see anything else.;36.9614;-82.4735
