We were approached by earth bound beams of light comming from an unknown object which hovered and made no sound.;2002-08-10 00:30:00;2 to 3 min.;We were approached by earth bound beams of light comming from an unknown object which hovered and made no sound. We were tending our horses, as we do nearly every night. The horses graze on approx: 5 acres of open field. We usually park our Explorer near the barn, however this evening we parked in the wide open. We set up our chairs facing west,started a small charcoal fire in the Weber in prepartion to roast some hot dogs. We watched as the sunset, the sky grew dark and we began point out the usual constellations. We noticed want we thought be be the evening star in the lower western sky. As I tended the grill, my companion indicated she saw several shooting stars. At least an hour passed, we finished our meal, poured some coffee and relaxed. As i fiddled with the Weber, my companion said that the evening star was getting brighter and comming in our direction. As we watched the light grow in size, indicating that it was approaching, small colored lights became visible around the center light. I was the first to leave my lawn chair and got down on my hands and knees, the light had now become two very distinguishable head lights. The lights were now about 300 yards away, just above the tree line which separated the two farms. At this point the head lights turned downward and two beams were now shining on the tree tops. The craft was now moving straight towards us, the light beams moving down the trees, unto the ground and were then shining on the horse's pond. We were scared!!! We watched and said many things to one another. There was no Sound!! As the beams moved up the hill towards us a third beam shone down from the rear or side of the craft to light up the earth from which the two front beams had already been. The pond was about 150 to 200 yards away from us and the lights stopped about half way down the hill. There was still no sound. It looked like one of those police helicopter search lights, but there were three of them and no sound. The beams began to move towards us again but now there was a sound like you hear when you are on a jet approaching the runway and the engines have decelerated just b! efore la nding. All the while we are whispering all kinds of scared stuff. The ground was now lit up just 50 yards or so infront of us. Whatever this thing was, it was right on us. Then the beams went off and the blinking could be seen on this black space above us.It slowly began to hover southward, leaving our space I stood and watched it accelerate as it climbed, not too high and began to head for the horizon. At that moment while facing south, another set of colored lights appeared just southwest of the spot we had/couldn't move from. These lights were alot farther away and they started heading eastward and took the same flight path as the first. We watched the second light cluster disappeared. I started to look around the rest of the sky and now I saw the same distant type light, very far up in the northwest sky. It was the samre light as the first, but it was traveling at a good clip across the northern sky, then the eastern sky and then disappeared on the horizon where the first two had gone. Boy, what an experience!!! ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain of the time and date.  PD));39.45;-94.7398
