Upright cylinder, bright orange, almost on fire like, 5 together, evenly spaced, same path of travel.  Several witnesses, 3 more lappea;2012-06-30 22:30:00;30 minutes;Upright cylinder, bright orange, almost on fire like, 5 together, evenly spaced, same path of travel.  Several witnesses, 3 more lappea What I first thought I saw was some kind of firework that was floating across the sky.  It was followed by 4 others and they had the exact same path which would have made it impossible to be a firework of some kind.  It appeared to be no further that 10 - 15 houses away from me.   I very clearly saw what I saw.  They appeared to be upright cylinders 2-3 long, bright orange' almost as if on fire. Each one that followed the other was equal distant from each other, and traveled the same path.  It was quiet out except for the sounds of a raccoon in the woods.  If these were a man made object, I would have heard a propeller, or propellant of some sort.  Nothing, I heard nothing.   I tried to take pictures with my iPhone, but even at that close distance is was too much for the IPhone to handle.  I did get pictures of it, but they look like dots.   After the 5 had come towards my house and then moved over the mountain, I stood outside completely dumbfounded by what I! had just witnessed.   I was expecting other people in the neighborhood to be coming out of their houses as excited as I was.  No one.  Unbelievable.  I guess from my perspective I could see them, but if they were directly over your house, you wouldn't.  I waited and hopefully watched for about another 5 minutes, and 2 more appeared from the same area, taking about the same path as the others.  I called into my house and three others came out to see the tail end of then second of the two that had just come.  No explanations, nothing.  I again listened very closely for the sounds of a propeller, or propellant, nothing.  There were no sounds of overhead airplanes or helicopters.  Nothing else but sounds of the night.   We all waited around for another minute os so. And nothing else.  My wife had been upstairs sleeping with our granddaughter, and I was hesitant to call her In the beginning, for fear of waking my granddaughter.  After the 6th and 7th appeared and departed as the ! first 5, I continued to wait for more.  I went back into the ho! use and quietly told my wife what I had just seen.  She had wondered where I had been all of this time.  She was asking, what was it.  I had no idea.  I went back outside, hoping for one more sighting , and Wow, an 8th was appearing.  I went into the house a yelled up to my wife, &quotthere's another, come down&quot.  She did, as well as the other 3 witnesses that I called earlier.  Everybody else saw the tail end of the 8th unknown object.  This ones path was a little further away but in the same area, and took a similar path up towards the mountain.  Wow, exciting, but puzzling.;41.5343333333334;-72.8016666666666
Daytime sighting over Meriden CT Silver Cylinder shape object zigzagging no wings no tail no nose no vapor trail no sound.;2013-09-04 06:25:00;7 minute;Daytime sighting over Meriden, CT, Silver Cylinder shape object zigzagging no wings no tail no nose no vapor trail no sound. The cylinder object zigzag over Meriden over route 5&15 in the area off exit 62 we were traveling on Miller  onto 5 &15 toward East Main st in Meriden.  We stopped on Miller near Susan Ln.  It made no sound, had no wings, no tail, no nose and left no vapor trail it appeared to be silver in color.  When I went to take a picture, it seemed to just vanish I looked down to get my phone when I looked back into the sky it was gone.  The Sky was blue with no clouds and the sun was still up the time was 6:25pm 9/4/13  There where commercial planes much higher in the sky which could be seen but they where much high up and left a vapor trail there was also a small single engine plane further out and lower in the sky.;41.5343333333334;-72.8016666666666
