Large unidentified object seen in the sky in Meriden, Connecticut in the late 1970's.;1977-06-01 20:00:00;Approx. 15 mins.;Large unidentified object seen in the sky in Meriden, Connecticut, in the late 1970's. This event happened when I was a child, so I am unsure of the exact year or more specifically the exact date and time.  My best guess is the late 70s. My then sister-in-law (She is no longer my sister-in-law and unfortunely have lost contact with her.) and I was coming out of her apartment which was a two family house at the end of a dead end road in Meriden to go to the car.  It was just around 8 p.m.. I am unsure as to were we were going but I think she was giving me a ride back to my house in Southington. We walked down a set of steep steps going down to the car (at that time, noticed nothing in the sky even being up at a higher level).  By the time we got down to the road at the car, we started seeing some very large object in the sky which was moving very slowly and seemed to just appear from a set of trees to the right.  As I said, I was a child at the time so details are sketchy.  What I do remember is it was very large 200-300 feet, it was oval in shaped, many lights around the edges and I believe the object was a dark gun metal color. Me and my sister-in-law were pretty scared at the time.  The object just appeared to be hovering or stopped.  Then ever so slowly it would move.  We got in the car and started to drive down the road.  As we were driving down the road, we saw someone walking on the side of the road.  My sister-in-law stopped and said to this guy who was probably about in his 30s Do you see what we are seeing?.  I remember he said 'Yea, What is that?.  My sister-in-law said 'We don't know but we are going to follow it. We continued down the road keeping the object within our vision at all times.  We got on the 691 highway heading towards Southington as that appeared where it was heading.  The object picked up some speed but was still flying low.  When we were on the highway, we saw a bunch of cars slow down and put their brake lights on as I am sure they were just as curious to what this was.  It was getting a little more difficult to follow it once on the highway because the object did pick up speed. As we went by high cliffs (that were near Hubbard Park) that were on the right side of the highway we lost track of the object.  After we got past the cliffs, we looked in the sky to see where it was and it was gone. As I said, unfortunetly, I am not in contact with my now ex-sister in law anymore as she would probably remember more details of the event then me because she was mouch older. Even years after this happened, I remember her saying to me....'Do you remember that night we saw that thing in the sky?.  Since then, I've always been curious as to if any other reports came out around this time and saw the same thing as we did. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.5343333333334;-72.8016666666666
