triangle of light suddenly cruises past the stars in unison;2004-09-14 23:50:00;two minutes;triangle of light suddenly cruises past the stars in unison Myself (20/f) and a friend (19/m) were watching the night sky at a farmhouse about 11:30 pm. We saw a couple of shooting stars or meteors and began watching intensly. I saw a tiny flare of light that he did not see and as I pointed in the direction I said, It happened by that triangle of stars- THere were three immobile lights in the shape of a triangle that weren't too close to be cluster but were close enough that no other stars interfered with their pattern. As we looked at the triangle, we noticed that it suddenly began shifting to the left, past other stars. The three lights moved in perfect proportionate formation for about two minutes, traveling slowly across a small strip of sky until they abrubtly disappeared all at once.;42.0713;-94.8746
Seemingly undetectable triangle craft detected briefly over Carroll, Iowa.;2015-11-14 19:40:00;4 seconds;Seemingly undetectable triangle craft detected briefly over Carroll, Iowa. ((NUFORC Note:  Report was originally posted for November 15, 2015.  However, Saturday night was November 14, and we have amended the date.  The correction will appear at our next update.  We apologize for the error!  PD)) Saturday night, November 15th, 2015, 19:40 pm - Carroll, IA.  I was standing outside in a residential neighborhood close to the business district on crisp fall night facing east.  I caught a glimpse of something in the sky about 10-15 degrees above the horizon through some power/phone lines and over the buildings a block away.  The sky was pitch black, but only a few stars visible due to the city light pollution. A very clear night regardless, no overcast or clouds to speak of.  I've never seen anything like this in the sky before, and my eyes don't lie. I have always had perfect 20/20 vision my entire life, I do a lot of hunting and feel like my keen sense of sight has always been one of my greatest attributes in the field.  Being able to detect the slightest movement in any environment, sometimes distant has never been something I've struggled with. I spotted something, quickly in 1/2 a second my eye keened in on the movement.  At first I thought it was just a plane.  In the next moment I knew this wasn't a plane, or commercial airline.  I can't rule out that it might have been some military or government aircraft, but if it was, it was pretty damn impressive top secret stealth kind of impressive.  The sky was so dark all around the object.  And the object didn't have any lights, not as most every other plane or jet I've seen in the skies. Clearly it was the shape of a triangle, at least the leading two edges were, which came to a point and pointed in the direction of flight.  It headed on a path from north to south as I watched in the eastern sky over town.  Carroll is appx. 10,000 in population, not a huge town, but pretty well lit at night.  I was standing in the central part of town, and would say that craft had to have been flying just over the eastern out skirts of town, maybe 3-4 miles away and low flying.  I'm not sure exactly but I'd have to say it was flying somewhere around 1,000 to 2,000 feet, it looked close. The object was black, matching the night sky.  It was meant to be undetectable, like a stealth spy plane, I guess.  But it looked completely out of place, flying low over small town Iowa like that, and cruising along silently.  The color of the object matched the background sky, but because of my location relative to the object and the city lights below, I could see the slightest reflection from town on the bottom side of the craft.  It was big, but again very difficult to estimate it's size, possibly B-2 Bomber size, possibly bigger.  All I could see was what appeared to be a slight reflection of city light on the leading edges of this triangle shape, gliding through the sky, effortlessly, and without a sound that I could hear. If I were to illustrate the sighting, it would be a black page with the slightest bit of light visible on the leading edges of the triangle.  There was no tail to the object, at least not that I could see the difference between it and the night sky. As I watched through that first two seconds I thought, I need to grab someone inside to witness this with me.  And before I could even put my hand on the door handle, to call for someone, it abruptly vanished with a fade to black. I kept tracking it anyway, hoping I'd get another look at it, but did not. This all happened in around 4 seconds time.  I kept my eyes on it for those brief few seconds until it vanished. I reported this because it shook me up when I saw it.  If it is one of our top secret planes, I can't imagine why it would be flying around there and especially that low.  I was lucky enough to catch the light of the city on the bottom of it as it passed by town for about 4 seconds. Whoever's plane or craft it is, they don't want anyone to see it, and it did an amazing job and being undetectable.  I'm not positive, but I'd imagine I could have heard a jet or plane from that range pretty easily even through the white noise of the town, but I didn't.  And that is what makes me wonder what exactly that was. By reporting this I also hope to learn if anyone else saw this in Carroll that night as well. It would be great for one story to back another, and to know that I wasn't the only one who saw this strange sight.;42.0713;-94.8746
5 silent grayish triangle crafts flying in a V formation.  This is the second time I've seen them. No trails behind them at;2017-03-19 21:00:00;45 seconds;5 silent grayish triangle crafts flying in a V formation.  This is the second time I've seen them.  No trails behind them at... 5 silent, grayish, triangle crafts, flying in a V formation.  This is the second time I've seen them.  No trails behind them at all like normal planes or crafts either.  Absolutely no noise, moving very quickly at low altitude.;42.0713;-94.8746
