Very bright light moved extremely quickly across the sky. Seen again within a few seconds going opposite direction.;2008-08-08 21:00:00;2-3 seconds;Very bright light moved extremely quickly across the sky. Seen again within a few seconds going opposite direction. I was driving into Mt. Airy with another passenger in the car, all of a sudden a very large bright flash of light moved quickly (about 1 second) across the sky from right to left diagonally and then disappear. A few seconds passed and the passenger in the car saw another bright light move diagonally from left to right and then disappear again. This also took place within a second. The light seen was bigger than a car headlight and much brighter. The Verizon tower was down all day long and no one from Verizon had any service, the weather was also noticeably different for this time of year.;39.3886;-77.1683
faint light move in a zig zag in the sky and at the end it flashed really bright and disappeared Left a trail in the sky very clear out;2008-10-21 16:54:00;2 seconds;faint light move in a zig zag in the sky and at the end it flashed really bright and disappeared Left a trail in the sky very clear out On October 21st 2008, I was talking to my girlfriend via aol instant messenger and at exactly 4:50AM I went to go out behind my house and smoke a cigarette.  The sky is as clear as glass, not a cloud in sight from what I could see. About half way through my cigarette I see this faint light move extremely fast in a zig zag movement (a rough drawing using paint will be emailed) and as it moving it leave a cloudy trail behind it. It acted as if it were moving away from the earth. And then it just disappeared in a very bright light. The time is now about 4:54 AM. It lasted about 2-3 seconds I couldn’t believe my eyes so and then I decided to blow it off.  But as I’m finishing my cigarette I see three more faint lights zipping through the sky higher than the first one.  The other three were each in a different location all heading in different paths. The first bright light I knew was no airplane, helicopter, or shooting star. The movement was completely random. The other three could’ve been shooting stars but it was too coincidental. The first bright light:  Location: just to the left of orions belt The flash was so bright that I could see clouds that I couldn’t see with the moon light the flash was a bright white with a blues tint. The trail if left disappeared moments after the light had disappeared. Now I see weird things in the skies late at night that I know aren’t airplanes but this first bright light was the weirdest. This is no hoax. Possibly anything but I just wanted to report this incase I was right.;39.3886;-77.1683
Formation of gold moving lights;2012-04-28 21:00:00;3-4 minutes;Formation of gold moving lights on Route 27 South, about 5 miles north of Damascus, MD. Low cloud cover, but saw 9 lights traveling in the sky in formation. Airplanes or helicopters, right?  Well, the lights were not white, they were a gold color.  Lights were completely unobscured by the clouds, so there was no halo or diffusion of light because of clouds.  Cars going the opposite direction stopped along the road to watch and look. Lights had no red/green .. and were single lights that shown constantly.  Traveling northward, very slowly.  They were almost in a hover.  No shape discernible. Was traveling in a car caravan and was disinclined to stop. I should have.;39.3886;-77.1683
