Bright orange flashes lasting only a few seconds in North Pole, Alaska.;2013-12-09 21:00:00;3-5 seconds;Bright orange flashes lasting only a few seconds in North Pole, Alaska. At approximately 9pm this evening, my fiancé and I were relaxing on the couch watching television.  The lights in the house were off.  When we watch television we are facing one small and one large picture window that looks out onto our wooded yard.  Our house is tucked into a forested lot so that even the headlights from the very occasional passing car going to and from a neighbors house is not seen from our living room.  There are very few houses on our road. As we watched our show at least 3 bright orange flashes of light flew from the right side of our house in the air the whole time and moved across to the left.  Even though it only lasted a few seconds it was clear that the light originated and continued in the air, though maybe not tree top height.  The trees around our property average about 20-30 feet high. From where the flashes originated there is nothing but wooded property and our garage.   The flashes seemed to be no more than 6-10 feet off the ground but grew in height.  My fiancée thought something in the garage had exploded.  However, there was never any sound at all. I thought the lights to the truck had flashed a few times.   My fiancé ran out onto our front deck to look and see what it was but there was nothing there.  Nothing was out of place. The lights were bright orange and clear quick flashes with 3-5 of them successively within the span of 3-5 seconds.  They moved from right to left completely silently and were so bright they lit up our front yard (which is about the size of the parking lot of a small business) and all the trees in our yard.  To give you an idea of how big our yard is, we could probably park 30-40 cars in our front yard alone. I don't know if it's at all related or not but last night (the night before this happened) around 3:30 in the morning, our dog who sleeps on her bed in the living room, came into our bedroom and alerted to something in the living room or at the front door.  This is out of character for her.  Just as she woke me, I heard a very slight sound but I could not pinpoint the sound.  It seemed to resonate throughout the house.  It was a very slight but deep sound.  You could liken it to a (Wah-Wah-Wah-wah) sound.  I could feel this sound just as much as I could hear it and I can't explain it better than that.  It lasted for just as long as it took me to walk the few feet from our bedroom to the living room.  Then it was just gone.  It just immediately stopped.   I have a really tough time falling asleep last night.  The dog acted as if there was someone at the door and I felt like there was too but our motion sensor lights weren't on and I saw no one.  I felt the weird need to sleep in my f! our year olds bed with him at that point.  At this point, my healthy ((xx-years)) old dog would not leave my side.   Suddenly, my dog collapsed onto the floor and laid there with her eyes open but not blinking.  She would not respond to my voice or my touch.  She would not even respond to my commands.  This scared me.  About two or three minutes later she came to again and acted totally normal again.  It seemed as if she had been drugged but of course she had not. I am a college educated ((deleted)). I also hold a degree in ((deleted)).  I do believe that we are not the only intelligent life out there.  However, like most people I have never encountered anything personally that would give me that absolute undeniable truth.  I'm not going to say that this experience is that undeniable truth.   To be quite honest, I don't and I can't know what this was that we saw but it is a very strange experience and it happened just as I have told you. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she is a very capable, and serious-minded, person.  We suspect that she is an excellent, and highly reliable, witness.  PD));64.7793;-147.3578
Dim flash of orange lasting a few seconds that came from above and illuminated 30 ft. trees.;2013-12-12 22:30:00;2-3 seconds;Dim flash of orange lasting a few seconds that came from above and illuminated 30 ft. trees. I suffer from severe insomnia which has plagued me for the past 35 years.  Even with the highest strength of an Rx from my doctor, I still have difficulty falling asleep and staying asleep.  Last night I was sitting in my living room watching tv.  I don't like having the lights on in the house when not necessary so they were all off.  My fiance and son were in bed.  My couch was facing a large picture window that looks out onto our front yard. We live in the woods. As I was watching my television show, I noticed a dim flash of orange outside that came from over the tree tops and was bright enough to light up the surrounding trees yet not super bright.  I jumped up and looked outside the window but there were no cars.  The flash came from above anyway and I have seen many car headlights come and go from our neighbors and they cannot and do not illuminate our entire yard and up to the top of the 30 ft. trees we have. There was no sound and no sign of any aircraft.  I opened the front door and the only sound I heard was that of the wind moving through the tall thin evergreens and those trees crackling as they swayed in that wind.  If it had been the spotlight from a helicopter, it would have been bright white, like an LED bulb.  I've seen those many times.  And I would have heard that helicopter.  Like I said before, there was no sound at all.  And it was not bright enough to have been a spotlight anyway.  It was a somewhat dim flash. I don't know what it was that I saw and I'm not going to try to overthink it.  I'm just putting it down here for you to consider because we had an experience two nights in a row some days ago that also included bright (at the time even brighter) orange flashes that illuminated our yard.  That's really all I can say about it.  I had not been drinking. I don't do drugs and I was not sleeping.  I was wide awake at the time.;64.7793;-147.3578
