Red orb, blue orb...similar to the Marfa Lights;1998-03-15 20:00:00;90 sec;Red orb, blue orb...similar to the Marfa Lights My mother and I were driving home from a friend's house.  It was dark and the sky was clear.   We were less then 1/2 mile from our house when I noticed two glowing orbs of light near the telephone pole.  One was red and one was blue.   I screamed for my mom to stop the car.  She slowed down and pulled off to the side of the road.  We watched as the lights bounced around in the air and floated beyond the tops of the trees to where we couldn't see them.  It reminded me of the Marfa Lights stories that I heard about. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));64.7793;-147.3578
Two Orange sphere appeared low on horizon just to left of North Star.  One was hidden during filming I believe by trees.  They hovered,;1998-09-24 22:35:00;10 minutes;Two Orange sphere appeared low on horizon just to left of North Star.  One was hidden during filming I believe by trees.  They hovered, not coming closer nor farther.  Seemed to be fiery and rotating I belive counetr clockwise.  I have video of whole event.  They disappeared as fast as they appeared. I don't even believe in UFO's or even the phenomenon that I witnessed last night, but replaying the video has prompted me to tell someone. September 24, 1998 North Pole Alaska approx 2235 AKDT until 2243 AKDT Northern sky low just west of the North Star. I had been outside filming the Northern Lights which were spectacular last night.  I happened to look out kitchen window and saw two orange fiery balls hovering just above the horizon.  I grabbed by video camera and filmed them.  Only a short time did both appear together as the one on left was lower and believe the tree line blocked clear view.  They did not move forward or back or up or down only when they finally disappeared as they seemed to slowly lower and sink into the horizon. The object can be seen clearly and rotating, I think counter clockwise. You can clearly see gases or image like fire encircling the objects. They appear like giant asteroids but how could they appear so close and yet not enter the atmosphere.  I have NEVER seen nor witnessed anything like it.  You can hear the dogs howl and whine in fear of whatever it was.  I tried to call local news etc., but guess they think I'm nuts.  I called the Air Force Security at Eilison AFB nearby and they put me on hold and simply said.  Contact public affairs in the morning and they will come and pick up the video. Dave Myers System Programmer University of Alaska 907-474-6266 Witness was interviewed on Art Bell 9/25;64.7793;-147.3578
At about 2040 AKST North Pole Alaska area toward the NorthEast my wife and I witnessed a bright Orange Sphere hovering low on horizon;1999-02-10 20:40:00;20 minites approx.;At about 2040 AKST North Pole Alaska area toward the NorthEast my wife and I witnessed a bright Orange Sphere hovering low on horizon just to the east of where I viewed two similar objects on September 24th 1998.  The object disappeared after only a about 20 seconds after I saw it out the kitchen window of our cabin, and just after I called for my wife to come see it.  Then I saw it out another window just to the left of original location.  My wife saw it too this time, we both went outside and viewed it directly (it was behind some trees at times) and could notice rotation and also was disappearing and reappearing.  Overall we viewed it for about 20 minutes.  No sound whatsoever.   Maybe no more than 300-500 yeards away. We did not see movement, only disappearing and reappearing in same general location.  It was about 1/10 the size of a full moon. At about 2040 AKST North Pole Alaska area toward the NorthEast my wife and I witnessed a Orange Sphere hovering low on horizon just to the east of where I viewed and videotaped two similar objects on September 24th 1998.  I first saw it at the kitchen window of our cabin and  called for my wife, who was on the couch to come to the window, but, it was gone before she could get to the window,  I went to get my coat and go outside to get more firewood when I saw the object.  I then saw it again through another window, it appeared to be left of original location.  I called for my wife again and she watched it, saying oh that's probably a light from a house, I reminded her that no houses are over where the light was, she then said I am going out and stood at the kitchen window watching it as she put her coat on.  I went outside before her and watched it.  It was spinning and had bright orange fire encircling it, about 1/10 the size of a full moon, it then disappeared so I went back in and said it was gone.  My wife  said No it's back as she was still at kitchen window.  I looked out and saw it then she went out as I went upstairs to get the video camera.  She was at slough (overflow of the Chena River) and viewing it clearly (before it was behind some trees at times) while I was getting the camera, I turned on the camera as a walked out the door,  It disappeared as I walked out.  My wife was white as a sheet and speechless, after all she has viewed the videotape of the  September 24th sighting and now saw what was on the video in real life.;64.7793;-147.3578
Bright Orange Sphere hovering low on horizon, rotating with outer aurora glow. Identical to objects reported in 09/24/98 and 02/10/99;2000-12-15 16:36:00;60+ minutes;Bright Orange Sphere hovering low on horizon, rotating with outer aurora glow. Identical to objects reported in 09/24/98 and 02/10/99 Here is what took place as I arrived home from work, my wife had been viewing it for almost an hour... As I arrived home Friday my wife was standing outside looking over the slough at the island...and said...it's been here about an hour now...just hovering..no sound...there it is...is that what you saw before?, she asks...I said yes, exactly, except it is closer this time...we watched it in the dead calm of evening for just a minute or two...The fiery orange glow seem to be coming from the center outward and the out aurora seemed to rotate and maintained it's intense brilliance. I said well, should I film it this time?....she said No, come in and get settled then go out and film it...it has been here a while a won't be going anywhere..I told her No, it will be gone, that's just the way it is...as we walked into the cabin...it blink out into the darkness. So that's the way it is...this is the third sighting for her and forth for me...What is it, I have no idea, but seemd the world has got to start noticing these things....This is the first time she has viewed it alone and so there this sighting is most convincing to her that whatever it is, it not of this world.;64.7793;-147.3578
