It was dark and we noticed six circular lights in a triangular formation pretty high up in the sky moving pretty slow from the south we;2011-01-05 20:00:00;20 minutes;It was dark and we noticed six circular lights in a triangular formation pretty high up in the sky moving pretty slow from the south west towards the north east.  It took about 5 minutes for it to disappear. there was also no sound what so ever.  after the  first one disappeared a second UFO with the exact same characterizations appeared from the south west moving towards the north east. there is an air force base about 15 miles south west and an army airfield about 20 miles north west from our location. but the object was just to high and traveling from and to the wrong direction. even if it was a military Aircraft, its nothing I've ever seen before.  it couldn't have been a b-2 stealth bomber which have previously been flying above my house in the summer because they are loud as hell and didnt have that rounded boomerang shape. and and it wasn't a regular airplane because it didn't have the red blinking light. and fighter jets which fly over my house all the time are just to fast to fly like that ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));64.7793;-147.3578
Triangle shaped, orange and yellow light. moving in erratic behavior for about  8 min.;2011-12-30 04:47:00;8 min;Triangle shaped, orange and yellow light. moving in erratic behavior for about  8 min. Very Dark sky, many stars shining. one large triange out of context to the sky. moving slowly but in eratic behavior.   Also not only was large at first but move up in the sky further away and then back down. then hovered at a far distance without moving for about 2 minutes before disappearing completely. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));64.7793;-147.3578
Large triangular shape with lights hovering over the outskirts of North Pole.;2014-12-06 01:00:00;3 minutes;Large triangular shape with lights hovering over the outskirts of North Pole. My friend and I were driving home from Fairbanks, when I spotted an odd light in the sky.  I pointed it out to my friend and she saw it too.   I kept an eye on it while we went down the highway and as we got closer, I saw that it was rather large.  It was dark out but it looked silver or a dark gray.  It had a large white light on the bottom and a few flashing blue and red lights around the corners.  It was hovering at around cloud level and wasn't moving or making a sound.   As we pulled onto another road, I looked up again and it was gone.  It had completely vanished without sound or anything, it was nowhere in sight.   And as we approached my house, her car started to make some very odd sounds and started acting up, although it had just been fixed up in the past week. ((ADDENDUM #1 FROM WITNESS)) My friend and I were around the 12 mile bar at the time when I saw the light.  When we pulled off the highway onto Hurst road, it was completely gone.   I'll definitely have to think about finding other people who saw it, however it was very late but there were a few cars still out. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((ADDENDUM #2 FROM WITNESS)) ...As far as more detailing goes, the object was about the size of a B-2 stealth bomber, but a little more pointy in the front.  There was a large and bright white light in the middle of the triangle and some smaller white lights on the corners.  There was a blue blinking light near the tip of the triangle and it was not moving.  I stared at it as we drove and I wanted to see if it was just a plane.   As we passed it, I saw it was cloud level and just silently hovering.  I looked down at my phone to start to search for images of triangular UFOs and when I looked back, it had vanished.  When I looked around on the horizon and though the trees, no lights were in sight besides the stars and the moon.  It had just disappeared out of thin air. ((END ADDENDUM #2));64.7793;-147.3578
