Oval white light with no navigational lights travelling to the northeast.;2010-06-28 02:00:00;5 minutes;Oval white light with no navigational lights travelling to the northeast. While working outside, I looked up at the stars to the southwest and noticed an oval white light that I thought to be a landing light of an aircraft coming towards me.  The light was moving faster than what I thought it should be and also observed that there were no navigational lights that an aircraft would be flashing (green for right and red for left). The light continued to the northeast with no sound until I saw an obvious aircraft with navigational lights travelling to the northwest. he light stopped as if it was at a traffic light and as soon as the obvious aircraft passed, the light continued on it's northeastern path. I thought that was pretty strange and approx. a half hour or 45 minutes later while walking back to the office, something was biting the left side of my neck. Thinking it was a bug of sometype, I tried squishing it on my neck but the intense biting sensation continued.  Thinking it was a bug bite of sometype, I ignored the painful bite for a couple of days until I saw a nurse who worked at the same place I do.  I asked her to look at this painful bug bite for me on my neck and upon looking at it, she informed me that it was a burn and not a bite.  She said the burn was a triangular shape. A day or two later, I had my son take a picture of the triangular burn and upon relating what happened and expecting him to laugh at me, he immediately went to the computer and pulled up a very similar triangular mark on a male allegedly made by aliens when he was abducted. While I wasn't abducted, the uncanny similiarity of the two triangular marks, both appearing like arrowheads, leads me to be suspicious of what I really saw that night. It was a clear night, no clouds, stars could easily be seen, and there were no fires or any other instruments/equipment near me that could have burned me in such a manner.  I still have the scar on my neck as well as the pictures of the burn.;39.7343;-90.2291
