Bullet shaped craft;2008-06-30 01:30:00;1 to 2 mins;After this happened i wrote all the information down quickly, then of course lost the paper and am still to this day looking for it.    run the same nightly route so my time is as close as i can recall. I was traveling south on 34b and had just gotten out of the 35 mph speed zone, i was maybe a 2 miles away from King Ferry when my van just died no lights no engine, my hands are bad because of the work I do so i had to lean up to try and start the van.  When I leaned forward is when i saw the bullet shaped craft slowly floating by. I looked out my drivers side window and had a direct line of sight at the side of it, there were no markings on the side of it any where.  My 1st thought for whatever reason was to look for any markings that were USAF, it was only the height of a electric pole above me and slightly behind me.  It was a light color white/gray maybe white/blue i can only be sure it was a light color.  The thing that has stuck with me since the sighting is, the bottom of the craft it had 3 seperate panels that were all lite with a white light.  The panels were the entire size of the bullet shape craft, each panel though was seperate. It also had wings on the sides and to me only looked to be maybe 3 feet tall in total. Never have really understood what i saw still don't but, the entire craft was the length of the chevy custom van i was driving at the time.  After it floated off far enough my van just magicly came back to life engine was on as well as the lights, and i was gone as was as my van would go really freaked out. The part of real estate that happened at is nothing but farm land, was always curious if farms ended up with missing animals during that time.  Another thing i almost forgot was this thing was completely quiet and unreasonably low as it traveled. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting in 2008 is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date above.  PD));42.6604;-76.6239
