Tumbling, white object which appeared to be disintegrating.;1989-06-15 00:00:00;20 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  Date and time are approximate.  PD)) Tumbling, white object which appeared to be disintegrating. I have attached another report which I came across, which is the reason I have submitted this report. I was struck by the amazing similarities between the experiences, right down to the geographic area. In the summer of 1989 or 1990, I don't remember which, I was driving with my then-girlfriend north on State Line, near 89th Street. It was probably no later than seven o clock, because it was very light. She was first to notice what appeared to be a tumbling, white object. It appeared to be disintegrating, but was not throwing off light. It was traveling S-N and seemed to be on a near level path. We were in busy traffic and lost sight of it. My girlfriend noticed it because she thought it was a plane crashing! But there was no report of any crash that day, and I was aware of no one else who witnessed the phenomena. I would have loved to have watched it standing on that road instead of navigating a car through busy traffic at 40 mph! I was amazed how similar this report was to mine, and was especially intrigued by the geographic proximity of the two sightings. I had always chalked it up to a meteor, but the lack of light and the fact no one else seemed to have seen it (it was really spectacular) always puzzled me. Now I don't know what to think! Occurred : 11/30/1997 19:11 (Entered as : 11/30/97 19:11) Reported : 12/1/1997 07:05 Posted : 12/15/1998 Location : Kansas City, MO Shape : I witnessed what was obviously a single object entering the atmosphere. It descended from north to west at a 45 degree angle at about 30 degrees above the horizon. It burned a very bright white and I witnessed sparks flying off of the object. I have witnessed many meteor showers, and while this object was similar it seemed lower in the atmosphere, very large and extremely bright as I was in a brightly lit part of the city.;39.1017974363965;-94.5674646144907
((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax??  PD))  WHILE MY AND MY WIFE WERE OUT CRUSING AROUND WE STOPPED TO GET GAS AND SAW A UFO.;2005-06-04 21:00:00;15 MINUTES;((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to the authenticity of this report.  Possible hoax.  PD)) WHILE MY AND MY WIFE WERE OUT CRUSING AROUND WE STOPPED TO GET GAS AND SAW A UFO. I was at the 7 eleven on 89th and Wornall Road at 9:00 P.M. that night and I looked in the sky and I saw a circle UFO it had red yellow and orange lights on the bottom and it emitted purple beams then it changed into a triangler UFO and it had all red lights on it and it changed into all yellow lights and me and my wife observed it awhile and we went into 7 eleven and got some snacks and fountain drinks we also stopped at the 7 eleven to get gas. When we were getting gas we looked up and still saw the triangler UFO it was all red lights then all yellow lights then it went towards the east and we could not see it no more. We don't know where it went to. The 7 eleven and gas station we stopped at on 89th and Wornall Road was in Kansas city, Missouri.;39.1017974363965;-94.5674646144907
parabollic bell glowing hot blue white;2006-03-23 21:00:00;hours;parabollic bell glowing hot blue white For some time now I have observed a very bright blue-white glowing object in the sky in the southwest of downtown KC. The striking thing is to a non-astronomer at first I thought this was a twinkling star.  It is not a star. It moves sometimes slow, sometimes fast and its brightness changes. I thought at first it was some sort of surveillance aircraft, it moves not linearly, but seems to be moving about the night sky.  I bought a spotting lens 30-90x.  Tonight I was able to focus on it and was amazed.  This object changed form freqauently but had a basically tranlucent body with a dark orb at the bottom or within.   At times it appeared bell shaped with a glowing hot blue white band where the base of the bell would would be  base form was fairly smoot but appeared as though it was flowing in shape and nearly constantly changing shape. At the bottom of the bell or parabola was a dark globe like form. Not to be trite but the object looked like a taco bell logo, sort of. It's activity was similar to one of those static electriciy balls, a pulsing electric form, but with straight lines and a ring rather than truly static.  The bell or parabollic form was a hazy white which seemed to rotate about itself slowly. It seemed to have stripes running from the arch to the base around it.  It rotated its nearly continually, so as to appear as though it was floating about itself. It was of intense brightness without magnification. It seemed 5-10 degrees elevated from the horizon.  It eventually took off to the west and suddently disappeared.  I viewed it a number of diffent ways.  At less magnification it looked like a parabola which was bright and squiggling. From this perspective it was multicolored including a bright blue white, with varous colors inlcuding red continually fluctuating.  As it rotated it also gave the appearance of a cylinder with the globe portion at the end. and with stripes of brighter light running the length of its body which seemed to rotate about it.  The object always appeared translucent or nearly so. although not truly a triangle, it appeared to have an elonated parabollic triange.  It behaves as though it is conducting a survey.  It is out at night regularly.  It was of such intensity that I have eye pain from watching it. I made some drawings of it.  I figured it for  some sort of reconisance craftbeing tested out of one of the numerous bases around here, and I say this because it truly gives the appearance of beig a bright star but doesn't behave like a planet in terms of its' motion.;39.1017974363965;-94.5674646144907
MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP Report:  ..out of the white came a boomerang craft straight forward and flipped on its side …;2008-05-01 04:30:00;2 1/2 hours;...out of the white came a boomerang craft straight forward and flipped on its side ... I go to bed very late do to insomnia.  It was 4:30am and I figured I'd try to get some sleep upon going to the bedroom I went to the bathroom first.  Something told me to look out that window.  My eyes looked directly under the tree across the street, which I might add, I live in a development.  There I saw hovering about 3-4 feet above the ground which looked to me like sparkly bright orange atoms trying to cling together, shaped in a circular formation. Well, I thought hmm must me a UFO. I hurried to my window behind my bed to see if I could see it from a different prospective.  After running around like a crazy woman, I decided to go to the front door. This was the morning before the storm and it was quite windy, but some how I missed it getting daylight.  Seems I had missing time anyway, I looked around and didn't see it, then my eyes were drawn upward, above my neighbors house across the street only this time it was white, and it seemed to be dancing in mid air. It definately knew that I was watching it and I knew it was watching me.  It moved left to right and right to left, upward and inward, then came to a dead stop.  It was about 2-3 houses high and hovered just by the brim of the tree tops.  Then, suddenly, it started to back upward slowly real high like a dot in the sky.  At that point I thought Oh, is a plane coming? yet there was no sound.  Then I heard a plane, and it passed over in front of it.  After it passed, guess what?  The ufo came slowly back down, right in the same exact spot in front of my house!   By this time it was a few minutes after 6am or 1800, as I ran to try to find my camera, I don't own a camcorder. Franticly, and unfortunately, I couldn't locate it.  (Later that day, I found it in the spot I was looking).   My husband was sleeping on the couch and I tried to wake him up twice, for some unknown reason I couldn't wake him.  Back down the stairs I go. It was glowing from behind it a bluish and amber color and there was a red dot to the right of it.  The neighbors were leaving for work and yet didn't see this!  Then I had the idea to see if I could play with it, because that’s how close it was and I felt a connection with it.  I started bending my body in different directions at the waist, and each time the ufo would move in that direction. The feeling that overwhelmed me was a feeling of love, understanding and peace and just an abundant amount of love to the point tears started rolling down my cheeks. Then I thought, Stop playing with my head and show me your craft.  I heard a hummmmm and then it stopped, and the white ufo came even down closer below the tree line and between the roofs of my neighbors two houses and poooff, out of the white came a boomerang craft straight forward and flipped on its side (as if you were making a peace sign with your fingers).  Let me tell you, I remember it happened so quickly, that I gasped!  Then I said Thank you, you have a very nice craft now don't hurt yourself. (lol). I know it sounds crazy, but it’s the gods honest truth. I used 'rule of thumb, to measure' at arms width. Then after standing on its side and me eyeballing it for a good minute or so, like it was showing me its metallic etched craft it flipped back down and went backwards and into a white light again. AMAZING. It backed up, going higher and higher in the SAME spot as it did when the plane passed over, and out of sight. Since that sighting I have seen numerous crafts and strange sightings that would knock your socks off. I'm so glad I finally found a website for Missouri sightings. Additional information: I forgot to mention something that may be of importance to document. After my sighting, my eyes were burning, inside and outside. I spoke of this to my family. That night I took my glasses off and my daughter and law let out a yell, Oh my God, your eyes are all pink I looked in the mirror and low and behold ALL around my eye lids and corners of eyes looked as if they were sun burned. My girlfriend said that the red light I saw on the craft must have been some sort of laser, and that they gave me a lasor treatment for the next week after that I was seeing Colors HUGE blots of burgandy and black while sitting on my patio, everywhere I looked. So, I went to the eye doctor, told him of the incident. He gave me every test available and said that it was unbelievable that there was no change in my right eye which I am legally blind in, usually it disintegrates at a rapid pace. To be honest it felt like I could see better. Report received by Missouri Investigators Group - http://ufomig.bravehost.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere gratitude to the MISSOURI INVESTIGATORS GROUP, and to its Director, BARBARA BECKER, for their having shared this report with our Center.  If you have had a sighting in Missouri, please consider contacting that organization, at the website above, to share your sighting with their investigators, in addition to submitting a report to NUFORC.  Thank you!!  PD));39.1017974363965;-94.5674646144907
