Green disk with red lights hovering over Kansas city;2014-09-27 01:00:00;1 hour;green disk with red lights hovering over Kansas city I went out to let my dog out about midnight.  She's on a leash so I had to walk and walk. And I looked out to the street about 400 feet away and saw a flashing light over the road. And it caught my eye because it was pretty.  It was a round green object, sorta disk-like hovering about the height of the street lights. It had red flashing lights. Many of them. There were several and they each flashed one after the other all around the disk. Then it went to only 2 red lights but still a green disk-like hovering object. It went many feet down the strip of the road and came back. It went up and down the road and stayed at the height of the street lamps.  This object would occasionally bob higher and lower but stayed relatively the same height.  I had no one to tell so I called my mother and she told me to get inside immediately and questioned why I had been watching it for a whole hour. I turned around to head inside and heard what sounded like a very short length tornado siren only a few seconds long. It stopped and as I jumped around to see what that was the object came my direction and then went back.  It only came my direction a few seconds before deciding to stay where it was already at.  I continued heading inside when it went the opposite direction it was originally going and toward my apartment complex leading office.  As it came this way it made a sound like a plane and helicopter engine combo. I booked it inside. It went behind the leasing office and disappeared but I could still hear that sound. My mom has seen a ufo so she advised me not to play around with them.  I reported another ufo back in July that I got no responses on.  I am curious about them, but I have enough respect/terror of them that I keep plenty distance.  I went inside on my deck to look from a safe distance and that was the end of it.;39.1017974363965;-94.5674646144907
