Crafts that appeared as small as stars assumed the shape of the Big Dipper, travelled  across the sky & expanding & contracting in;1995-07-15 22:00:00;20 - 30 minutes;Crafts that appeared as small as stars assumed the shape of the Big Dipper, travelled  across the sky & expanding & contracting in ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));33.752815878745;-117.857598628653
I am not sure if my original entry got sent,  here is a duplicate. If you read this already you can ignore this one  One thing I forgot;2003-01-15 00:28:00;5 seconds;I am not sure if my original entry got sent, here is a duplicate.  If you read this already you can ignore this one.  One thing I forgot to mention, is I saw the ufo in the unincorporated area of Santa Ana, zip code 92705, but, the ufo itself was in zip code 92707. Was driving 2 friends in the hills of Tustin, CA, which overlook John Wayne Airport, and can see the Pacific Ocean and the Island of Catalina as well.  It was passed midnight and a warm night.  At this time, there were no night flights at John Wayne Airport (but I believe there are now).  It was a warm January night, no clouds, a clear, all the stars (as much as can be seen on a clear night) were visible kind of night. We just turned right on to newport Blvd from Crawford Canyon.  The airport is to our left, and we can't see it yet.  But directly in front of us was the treeline my neighborhood, which was the street of Marcy Ranch, in Santa Ana. I  saw a coyote in front of us, and I'm about to say, Coyote! to my friends...  But before I do, I notice the a bright flash of light above the treeline in front of us, and am now about to say lightning???  (I was Shocked because there was no clouds in the sky, it was not lighthing weather)...BUT... (At this point, Newport curves to the left, and at the turn, you can see ahead to John Wayne Airport, then the Pacific Ocean, and Catalina, all in one view.  The airport is roughly 5 miles away, in a direct straight line).  Above the runwsy was GIANT blue orb, surrounded by what looked like tangled blue lasers, like a tangled ball of yarn.  The rays looked like those plasma balls' rays, the kinds they have at childrens museums and such that when you touch the ball the plasma lasers gravitate towards your hand.  The lasers were were all were balled up around an orb in the middle.  This thing was huge, maybe as big as the room in the runways control tower, which was right next to each other, so I can decently estimate the size.  It was not much higher than the control tower. A similar smaller orb surrounded by lasers also appeared directly below it.  The smaller ball had to be no more than 5 to 10 feet off the ground.  It was some type of mass, because as it was under the bigger, brighter ball, it cast a shadow directly underneath it on the runway. If you Google Image search terminator time travel ball and look at the pictures of the time travel ball as it apears throughout the movies, it is kind of a good idea of what it looked like, but this ball had alot more lasers around it.  It was the kind of blue that solar powered LED gardenlights are. It had a HUGE flash, so it lasted a second or 2.  I saw the 2 orbs surrounded by lasers, the smaller orbs shadow on the runway, then looked in the hills in Irvine behind it, which was around the Turtle Rock Neighborhood (I know this because ironically enough, one of the passengers in my car lived in that neighborhood at the time)  It was so bright, it lit up EVERYTHING IN THE ENTIRE HORIZON.  EVERYTHING.  In the next second or 2, I saw:  - The hills of Irvine, behind the airport.  It was so bright, that I Could make out the green from the grass and the brown from the dirt in the hills. I Glanced at the ocean, and the blue reflected off the ENTIRE pacific ocean.  It was beautiful-I glance up and at last moment, and saw the Island of Catalina, and again, the flash was was so bright I saw the green from the grass in the hills and the brown from the earth in Catalina. Where we are, having turned right onto Newport blvd from Crawford Canyon, is just 15 seconds away from my house, which is off Marcy and Newport.  We were silent the whole way, stunned. I pull in front of my house, all of us are stunned, and my buddy in the back says, Please tell me you guys just saw that! and we all freak out, and everyone shares everything they saw... ONE friend saw just the hills in Irvine, which ironically is where he lived at the time.  He said it was bright as day and could even see a red street light in the hills. The other friend saw the flash reflecting off the ocean and he saw Catalina. On the other hand, as I was driving, I saw the orb laserball, the airport, the hills of Irvine, the ocean, and just barely got a glimpse of Catalina. Eventually they leave and I walk inside home.  My dad is inside, in the dark, playing solitaire on the computer.  I was hoping he saw the flash, but he didnt. I tell him about what we saw, and he shugged and said probaby a transformer explosion.  I laughed because there is NO way it was. I checked the news, called the sheriff to see if anyone called in anything.  Turn on the TV and check the news,  Nothing.  I thought it would be all over myspace,  Nothing. Woke up the next day, nothing on the news or newspapers. The airport runs RIGHT NEXT TO THE 405 freeway, people had to be driving along the 405 and see it.  People on the 55 freeway had to see it. People at the airport had to see it. People at the bars across the street from the airport had to see it,  Bouncers, people outside smoving cigarettes had to see it.  The bellboys and valet at the hotel had to see it.  If people were nightfishing on the ocean, they had to see it.  I'm guessing hundreds, maybe thousands saw this. Anyhow, me and my friends have never met anyone who has seen it, until... 11 years later, I'm at work.  Some friends of my parents walk in.  They have kids my age that I went to school with since 4th grade till all the way to high school, and have older kids that went to high school around the time  my older brother and sister did.  A little disclosure, we went to St Jeanne de Lestonnac in Tustin, then graduated and went to Mater Dei high. St Jeanne's is a small school, and my parents came to be friends with these 2 parents.  This family are good people, all kids are smart, successful and none were ever trouble makers or had a bad bone in their body.  The family and parents are as straight laced and good people as it gets. I see the parents, and ask them how they are.  We shoot the shit, and he mentions he retired and sold his electrician business.  He says he has contracts out with a few cities in south orange county, and from 12 pm to 8 am, he repairs transformers if they explode. That reminds me of the night, as my dad saying it was a possible transformer explosion. I ask him what the biggest transformer explosion he has seen, and if they can light up the whole horizon (I knew full well what I saw wasn't a transformer bc it appeared out of thin air)  He laughs and says no, and asks why.  Seeing as how they are a straight laced, catholic family, I almost didn't say anything, but I told him the story, and left out some details.  When we were talking, it was 2014 and the ufo sighting happened 11 years before, but I started the story off about ten years ago. .. and I begin my story. I finish, and with a serious look on his face,  He looks at me, and asks me, Did it take place in 2003?  I say yes, it did.  He named the correct year.  Mind blown. Did it happen during the month of January?  He names the correct month.  Then he names the specific time. He tells me I saw it too, then I hear his story.... It was a night he got a call to repair a transformer.  He went to Aliso Viejo or Niguel or wherever, did his job, and came home.  On his way home he decided to stop by his office and put his tools away because some colleagues of his had their tools stolen from the trucks overnight.  His office is a 3 minute drive from the airport off Redhill and Macarthur. He goes, locks his tools up, and walking back his car (his back is to the airport) sees everything light up.  He sees the shadows of the trees and trucks up on the building with a blue light.  Looks behind him and but it was so bright he was afraid he'd go blind if he did,  so he turned back around.  He pointed out it was silent, which when I heard him say, realized I never thought about the sound. His wife is staring at him with her mouth wide open, wondering why he never told her.  He said it was bc he told some work friends and they laughed at him, and he was scared she'd think he was crazy. AND that's it. I swear on my life, this is what I saw. The crazy thing is as child I saw a UFO on the same newport/ Crawford Canyon intersection.  During El Nino, I saw a metallic orb in the sky.  At first, Not sure what I was looking at, a low flying, fast moving cloud flew in between me and the orb, and  I saw the clouds reflection moving off the orb.  The reflection matched the speed of the cloud as it was moving, and when it passed, I finally got a clear view and grasped what I was looking at. This sighting was in the opposite direction of the other sighting. Those are two out of three of my sightings.  3 sightings in one lifetime, two if which, took place at the same intersection. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));33.752815878745;-117.857598628653
Bright green/blue gas in the the dark night sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;10 minutes;Bright green/ blue gas in the the dark night sky. Traveling north on the 5 south of Santa Ana.  Small craft looked like a plane or helicopter traveling north with a white light. followed by bright green/ blue light trailing behind. with a giant orb or fog.  The green/ blue light grew and faded. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.752815878745;-117.857598628653
UFO over Santa Ana 12/2217 5:40pm  ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  PD));2017-12-22 17:00:00;1-2 minutes;UFO over Santa Ana 12/2217 5:40pm I have a video.  It looks like 3 massive lights with a huge streak/clouds smoke, I don't know what was in between but in the Video you can clearly see little fast blinking somethings moving back to the opposite side of the 3 lights like if they were either leaving the massive ship from the 3 lights and moving fast and soundless to the opposite side where it was a huge mass/cloud (my instinct is telling me invisible shit but who knows) all I have to say that the video speak for itself.  I also emailed it so hopefully it can be posted. they are real people! all you got to do is take the time and look UP! ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Vandenberg AFB.  PD));33.752815878745;-117.857598628653
