A statonary Round Metallic Object, Hovering at High Altitude over Central Orange County, CA. in early January 2006;2006-01-05 12:30:00;1/2 hour;A statonary Round Metallic Object, Hovering at High Altitude over Central Orange County, CA. in early January 2006 First time I saw it, was on thursday January 5th. I was just taking a walk during my lunch hour, it was past 12:30 and I just happened to look up, and there it was. I t was so high up in the sky, and I could barely discern the shape. With the naked eye, it seemed like the head of a pin was floating in space,it seemd to be either circular or comma shaped, I knew it was really high because two planes just happened to fly almost right next to it, but right away I realized that it was even higher than the planes. from where I was standing,I could see that it was hovering near the northern area of Santa Ana, Ca. near the Mainplace mall. And It was about 5 to 7 degrees north of where the sun was.   This object moved very slowly, probably about 5 mph, in a shoutherly direction. The object was very Bright, but it seemed to shimmer between white and a coppery hue. I finally got back to my Bldg. In downtown Santa Ana. And I stood at our parking lot for another 15 min. until 1 o'clock. So my sighting lasted about half an hour, and during that time it did not move anymore than maybe a couple of miles or so. (realize that this thing was so high,it looked like it barely moved). I came back out around 3 pm but it was gone at that time. The Crazy thing is that the next day (Friday January 6th) I was off and my wife and I happened to drive to North Santa Ana, to the Mainplace Mall.  And as we parked in the rear parking lot on the top of the structure, I was curious and decided to look up, and THERE IT WAS AGAIN!! This happened at Noon too.  This thing whatever it was must have been spying on the Citizens of Orange county for a few afternoons. I did not look at it for long because I went into the mall, by the time I came back out (an hour later) it was gone. I have always believed in UFO's but have never seen one until now, and it really gave me the creeps!  I almost felt like it was keeping an eye on me.;33.752815878745;-117.857598628653
