Daughter spotted plane on fire.  We watched it hover overhead low very little sound.;1980-12-31 23:50:00;1.3 hours;Daughter spotted plane on fire.  We watched it hover overhead low very little sound.;34.2297604913002;-118.525727226202
Blindingly bright lights hovering over Reseda, Ca... multiple sightings?;2009-01-10 20:00:00;about 1 hour;Blindingly bright lights hovering over Reseda, Ca... multiple sightings? I was driving on the westbound 101 around 8pm in the Reseda, California area when I spotted a blindingly bright light hovering off to the right side of the freeway. At first I thought it may have been a plane flying in my direction at an extremely low altitude. Then the object began to descend straight down, a small but noticeable distance, and continue to hover over the residential area of Reseda. I turned to by boyfriend in the passenger seat and told him I knew what I was looking at. At this time a freeway sound wall blocked our view while I was driving in the inside lane. I quickly shifted to the fast lane and waited for the object to come back into view. The object had to be relatively low in the sky if the sound wall and tree tops could easily block our view. When the object was visible again, all the bright lights had been shut off and now the craft’s anti-collision/beacon lights were blinking, and I could clearly see the outline of the unit under the full moon. Disk shaped, with a protruding top and bottom, with the blinking lights arranged around the widest part of the craft. It looked as though it was made of dark grey metal since it was reflective in the moonlight. We had driven around the craft, proving that it was stationary, and decided to circle back to get another look. In the 2 minutes that I was able to circle around back to the craft’s original location, it had moved higher up in the sky and less than a half mile west. We followed the craft by street and observed it, now stationary again, for 15 to 20 minutes. Every now and then we would see the lights on the craft dim and brighten, then descend straight down and hover. On the crafts ”low-light” setting I could see multiple colored lights blinking at different times. When it began to move further west, we followed again until it was just a small speck in the sky. We decided to finish our errand in Reseda and head home. We were now driving on the 101 southbound through Studio City, California at about 9pm when I looked up and saw another similar-looking craft with bright lights hovering over the freeway a little higher than the treetops. As soon as I pointed in its direction, the craft took off heading north over my vehicle. Again, we turned around to head north and follow but the craft had traveled a considerable distance and we decided it was too far. I believe that I may have witnessed two separate spacecrafts. It is also possible that it was the exact same craft that I saw in two different locations when considering its speed capabilities and the time in between spotting the craft(s).;34.2297604913002;-118.525727226202
It was about 21:00 a friend came to visit while looking up a round disk was hovering at a height of  3 floor building above him.;2014-03-22 21:00:00;5-20 minutes;It was about 21:00 a friend came to visit while looking up a round disk was hovering at a height of 3 floor building above him, size was about a city bus and spinning slowly.  My friend called us over, first one out of the house was my female friend and she started to film the event though the cellphone camera could only pick up the center bottom light, at eye level it was close but and we could see the detail of the  craft but the camera could only show the light.   My female friend called me to come out side but almost could not speak and as I came to see what was going on the craft began to move back and forth between trees as fast as if you blink your eyes, my heart started to beat fast and the object started spinning really fast and it looked like it was morphing at this point we saw port hole like windows that were lit in a blue or  purple coloring as the craft moved we saw the top of the craft and had a an hill shape roof.   The sound it made while spinning was a wooing.  The strange part was the sky was clear but pitch black with no one outside almost as if time had completely stopped and 3 of us are the only ones outside.   While we filmed the event a loud jet sound started approaching all the sudden a fighter jet flew at a low altitude and the craft did a z shape flight patern and took off the fighter jet passed right above us and made a quick upward turn, when the jet got distant from us the craft came back to the same spot then took off again.   We thought it was over as I went back inside my female friend was still outside and the craft came back above the roof of the house and a second light of a yellow color touch down on the roof it was the size of a softball, my friend called me out while filming and before I turned around the yellow light went back to he craft as a flash, which we caught on camera and the craft took off at a speed that no man made craft that we know of can move.   We thought it was finaly over, my male friend got in his car and started driving back home, while he was driving on the blvd.  He saw the craft flying right next to him at the same speed of the car and he started filming it during his drive then the craft took off again.  Replaying all the videos we took, we picked up a binging sound like a sonar, we did not pick up the wooing sound on the video though after constant replay we are seeing shadows on the roof of the house in the video.   I forgot to mention while this event happened all internet and cell phone communication was down which we have never experienced in our location, and the object had 3 windows , plus seemed like a light tail when moving.;34.2297604913002;-118.525727226202
