Dove Shaped Ships that Glowed Green in mid-1970s;1975-07-15 21:00:00;10 seconds;Dove Shaped Ships that Glowed Green in mid-1970s While laying on the flat roof in our backyard one evening in the mid-1970s, I saw three glowing neon green ships glide over our property in Reseda, CA.  I was about 13 years old at the time.  The ships were traveling from West to East and took approximately eight seconds to pass completely overhead, until they became obscured by a row of large trees at the East end of our property. The three ships were flying in a V formation and were identical to each other in shape, size and color. They were shaped like birds similar in shape to the dove logo used on Dove soap.  The  nose at the front of each ship was turned slightly downward, as were the wings with one wing located at each side of each ship.  The tail on each ship was turned slightly upward and was slightly pointed at its tip.  The ships made no sound and there were no blinking lights nor any other colors only the bright, glowing neon green color which emanated from the ships. The surface of the ships were smooth, like glass.  I did not see any windows nor any other markings on the ships. I pinched my left arm very hard to make sure that I was not dreaming as the ships passed over me.  After the ships passed overhead and behind the trees, I climbed down from the roof and ran to the West end of our driveway to see if I could get another look at them over the tops of the trees but they were no longer visible. I ran inside and watched the news on TV that night and also for the next three nights and checked the newspapers too but no one ever mentioned these ships.  I went out onto the roof every chance I could for the next week or so and stared off into the sky, hoping to get another look, but the ships never appeared again. I have never heard of anyone else seeing ships like these on any UFO show.  I also did not see anyone on this web site mention seeing this type of ship.  It's always the same: saucers, triangles, cigars, orbs and the like. A few days after my sighting, I remember speaking with my father about it.  I was frustrated that I hadn't seen any news story about this amazing event.  My father said that I must have been dreaming. But I know that I was not dreaming and that I really did see these ships.  I was not intoxicated in any way and I know that what I saw was real.  The sighting was not due to some sort of psychological trauma either. I just happened to be in the right place at the right time, I guess. Years later,  I thought that it was strange that the ships I had seen back in 1975 had a shape very similar to the Concord, which did not enter commercial service until 1976.  The Concord was designed to travel at supersonic speeds, with the most aerodynamically efficient shape.  How could I have known what that shape should be at the age of 13, without ever having seen the Concord?   Although the nose of the ships I saw were pointed slightly downward like the Concord, the wings of the ships I saw were quite different.  They were more like a bird's wings that arced downward, which were slightly pointed at the tips, rather than the horizontal/flat shaped wings of the Concord.  Plus, the ships I saw made no sound, glowed green and flew in a V formation, so I am sure they were not Concords. If anyone else saw these type of ships, I would love to hear from you, as I feel like a freak amongst UFO witnesses and that is a very sad thing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.2297604913002;-118.525727226202
