Disk East of Poplar Bluff Seen and Feds come to investigate.;2002-09-18 11:00:00;10 minutes;Disk East of Poplar Bluff Seen and Feds come to investigate. We were getting ready to move a bee yard.  Normally I don't allow dogs around when am working bees but my hired hand brought along his coon hound.  It was on Septemeber 18 before lunch around 11 in the morning.  The dog strated barking not baying but barking like something was hurting its ears.  My wife had brought lunch out to my nephew who was picking his early cotton and was going to have lunch with us.  We do this alot in the fall when getting bees ready to move south.  She came barreling into the lane in a hurry and was excited as the dog.  Well, I have not had this much excitement in along time and ask what is worong.  She says that she saw a silver flying saucer when she dropped lunch off at the nephews place.  it was headed our way.  I laughed at her and she got angry but we chuckled.   Just then to the north east was a silvery disck like plane it was going slow like it was looking for something in the cotton sometime it would just stop.  My wife dropped our luhcn to the ground.  i wraaped everthing up saying we'd go to Campbel for lunch.   We got into Campbell at the cafe down town and I saw an old friend from down in Gibson, course my wife had to stratle him with what she saw.   He indicated that he had been picking and saw asimilar light.   He reminded that I was a volunteer ((deleted)) and to file a report.  The dya was shot and I decided to make thebest of it.  I contacted another deputy  in another county and ask him if he any calls on any odd aircraft sightings.  He siad that he had earleier in the morning had several near Steele, Deering, Bragg City, Peach Orchard and heard calls from Dunklin County too.  When I told the dispatcher what i saw the decision was not to come in and for get the paperwork.  Today at noon i got a call to talk to some authroities.  These guys were peculiar looking dudes in their designer suits, I aked for credentials they would not give me any and proceeeded to threaten me if I ddi not cooperate and name names.  At that point I told then to get off my property as th! er were trespessing.  One of hem snickered and I told him wipe his goddamned smile off of his face.  As he tuenred to wlk out I kicked  him in the ass left a boot print and he went face first into the mud-his buddy picked him up.  I got the plates on their car it was arental  ifound after running them.  My boss told me to forget everyting-i said i would not and he said that they had put some pressure on him but would not tell me how or what.  I want to know what was it wee saw and who were those assholes we saw but did not ask to have come around here.  I want to know what was it wee saw and who were those ((deleted--people))  we saw but did not ask to have come around here. ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));36.7685;-90.4096
