Bright full moon making a ring light in the snow,&I saw a craft w/ blue,red&white lights hovering to the RT of the moon + 2 more Later.;2019-01-20 20:30:00;2 hours;Bright full moon making a ring light in the snow, & I saw a craft w/ blue, red & white lights hovering to the RT of the moon + 2 more Later. Tonight, around 8:30pm, I had this urge to look out our back sliding glass door, and to my surprise, I saw the full moon and it seemed bigger/closer than usual and extremely bright!  So bright that it not only gave more light into the sky, but it also produced a ring shape light onto the ground and the middle was shadowed.  I told my mom & step dad then returned to the door to admire the strangeness to it.  I glanced up to the right of the moon and that’s when I saw the first craft.  It was very close at first, there was no sound from it, I could see 3 different color lights that appeared to be spinning in a circle, most were white but there was at least 1 blue and 1 red light,  I yelled for my step dad to come see it because it was just hovering in the air.  It didn’t appear to be moving at first and a few minutes later you could see it gradually moving farther away and upward into the sky.  It would also move slightly right or left.  It wasn’t going fast like it had a des! tination to get to but seemed to be scanning the area.  Once it was too far to see all three lights as well as when it was close another aircraft showed up from the right.  This one did have a faint sound and was going quite fast.  It only had a white light, the light would flash once disappear and then flash again when it got some distance away.  It went right in front of the first craft slightly turned flying left under the moon & right above the tree line.  It then stayed in one area but going upwards and downwards until it just disappeared.  A few minutes later i saw the same flashing light craft much farther left, it was going slow at first, but sped up to disappear around the side of the house.  During all of this the other one was still just hovering in the same spot, it would get a little closer and then go back farther/higher again.  It continued to do this, around 10 I had to stop looking to put my son to bed.  I kept checking until 10:30pm or 11 and that’s when it was fin! ally out of sight.  This sighting was the most amazing for me because t his craft didn’t seem to mind that it was seen and it stayed hovering around the same area the longest amount of time I’ve ever seen any kind of craft do..  while the others seemed to make sure it was not in any danger.  Myself, my mom, step dad and 3 year old all got a great look at this amazing sighting & were all amazed by it.  My puppy also broke off his chain around the time this first occurred, we usually hear him barking or running around the house when this happens but he was extremely calm and was drawn to the ring light & would look toward the craft.;44.7134;-83.3912
