Triangular shaped aircraft, lights on each corner and in the middle...near an airstrip that is not well known, beside the highway 401..;2001-05-10 23:00:00;?;Triangular shaped aircraft, lights on each corner and in the middle...near an airstrip that is not well known, beside the highway 401.. (not absolutely sure because this is something i remembered later that evening in a dream)...i remember standing underneath an intensely large trianglular 'thing'...with a circular (large, white, recessed down-light) at each corner, and one in the middle.  it seemed low, i believe strangers were around me.  remember seeing a flash of light while driving on the highway, before it happened...thought that was strange...but didn't think anything of it until this dream.  the incident, if real, happened near an airstrip i didn't even know existed, until months later after mentioning the story to someone who has experience with recreational flying in the area.  I am aware that there is an army airbase only a little ways away, in a town called Trenton. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));43.92;-78.544
Silent translucent boomerang UFO gliding over Lake Ontario, Canada;2016-07-10 01:30:00;5 minutes;Silent translucent boomerang UFO gliding over Lake Ontario, Canada This particular night, my fiancé and I went for a drive to our favourite small town called Newcastle.  Our favourite spot is by the harbour to Lake Ontario.  The time was between 1:30 and 2:00AM.  It was quiet, no wind and the sky was covered with stars.   We got out of the car and I stood in the parking lot facing the lake.  I see something in the sky, it was gliding perfectly, slowly, but quickly at the same time.  It sparked my interest because it was SO quiet, there were no lights to it either.  As it glided above me I stared so intently at it, it was definitely an aircraft, shaped like a boomerang but the odd thing about it was that it was translucent, I could see the stars right through it, but somehow could see the shape of the aircraft moving through the sky.  It continued on, going in a straight line quietly heading north west from where we were standing.  I pointed it out to my fiancé and he agreed that it was no normal aircraft.;43.92;-78.544
