A flattened thread spool shaped object with alternating white and red lights passing approximately 500 feet above us. 1/2 hour durati;1974-09-01 20:00:00;30 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  This report consists of correspondence between two siblings, who were traveling together, and who corresponded recently about the bizarre event they both remember clearly.  The date of the event is approximate.  PD)) A flattened thread spool shaped object with alternating white and red lights passing approximately 500 feet above us. 1/2 hour durati -------Original Message-------   From: ((name deleted))  Date: Thursday, October 16, 2003 10:40:32 AM  To: ((name deleted)) Subject: Emailing: ufo3   That's almost exactly my recollection, and it's interesting that I can't recall anything about the rest of the trip to Auburn, although I know we eventually got there. I remember the lights more than anything. The only thing you left out from my recollection was that you suddenly yelled that the craft had gone straight up almost instantly while it was still at a great distance, and when I looked up, it was much higher over the horizon. I've always wondered to this day why I can't reconstruct an image in my mind of exactly what shape the object was, because it went almost directly over our heads at a low altitude. Oddly enough, I've been thinking about this incident a lot lately, but I don't know why. The only shape I remember was triangular. I wish I could go back to that instant and see it again. I firmly believe that UFO's are a reality, although I wonder why so many reliable sightings describe so many different sizes and shapes of these craft. If you ever remember anything else about that night, let me know. It's always gnawed at me.  Love,  ((name deleted)) ----- Original Message -----  From: ((name deleted))  To: ((name deleted))  Cc: ((name deleted)) Sent: Thursday, October 16, 2003 9:30 AM  Subject: Emailing: ((deleted))  Dear ((name deleted)),  I don't know why I feel so strongly about writing this down.  I guess I want to know more about what I don't know,  and I believe that desire is healthy.  The amount of time I spend thinking about the U.F.O. phenomena however, well, it might be time spent better doing something else...but I digress.  I have read some references made to a U.F.O. flap which occurred in the southeastern United States circa 1974-1975 and in fact I remember reading in the Montgomery Advertiser at that time some articles mentioning some U.F.O. sightings. What did we see that night...was it September of 1974...on our way to Auburn?   As I remember, we were going up there to a concert...a band that a friend of yours was in maybe?  What I remember is this...We were on I-85 heading to Auburn from Montgomery and it seemed as if it were around 8:00 P.M. when we left Mom and Dad's.  It seems as if we were about half way to Auburn when I first noticed a bright white star-like/planet Venus-like light appearing many miles ahead of us on the right side of the interstate.  I had been looking at it and initially thought it was Venus.  I remember asking you to look at it and I remember even joking about wouldn't it be cool if it were a UFO but I didn't believe it was anything other than a planet or a star when I first saw it.  That is until I / we noticed it moving...crossing over the interstate and coming toward us.  I remember seeing the object changing colors and intensity from bright white, to a dimmer white, to a medium intensity red and back to white again 2 or 3 times.  The colors seemed to alternate in time from 10 to 30 seconds.  I remember the object crossing back over the interstate to our side continuing straight toward us.  I remember one or both of us saying that the object wasn't any star or planet.  I remember the object seemed to cross back over to our left and us pulling off to the shoulder of the interstate.  I remember we got out of the car, was it Dad's old Galaxy 500?  It seemed as if we sort of just leaned against the car waiting for this thing approaching us.  I remember being very excited at seeing something neither of us had ever seen before but I don't remember being at all afraid.  I know I had no doubt that you wouldn't let anything happen to me...not without one hell of a fight anyway.  When it passed overhead it seemed to be over the middle of the interstate...maybe 500 feet up.  My recollection of what exactly this thing looked like seems hazy or maybe it's because I had never before or since seen anything that looked like it ! looked.  It seemed to me to be somewhat of an elongated sewing-thread spool with the flat ends oriented to the top and bottom of the craft.  I had the distinct impression there was an inside and an outside dimension to this thing because it looked as if there were a triangular-shaped 'window' or translucent 'something' giving me the distinct impression of looking into the craft.  I remember thinking the interior was illuminated by red light but that there was some white light or lights on the exterior of this thing.  It did not make a sound.  It seemed to be moving 30 to 40 m.p.h..  How big was it?  Maybe 10 times bigger than our car...I can't really get a good grasp of it's size.  I remember we watched it continue on it's way seemingly following the interstate.  I don't remember it disappearing.  I remember getting back in the car and continuing on our way and I remember wanting to turn around and try to catch back up to it.  It seems as if we did turn around at an exit but for some reason I'm not sure if it was the first exit we passed or an exit further on.  I believe we did turn around and head back towards Montgomery.  I believe we drove most of the way back to Montgomery but when we didn't see it again, we turned back toward Auburn.  I don't remember anything more of that night clearly.  I seem to remember standing in your dorm and relating our experience of the evening to a friend of yours.  Nothing else. Well, there, my recollection is put into writing.  I think it odd that I haven't written this down before now.  I absolutely don't care one wit of what anybody thinks of me recounting this event.  I  believe we saw a craft under intelligent control that night but I don't know that it was extraterrestrial.  I do know that it was something outside of any other experience I've ever had.  I hope I have another experience like it again.   I love you ((name deleted)).   I'm glad I was with you that night.  Love,;32.560896013289;-85.4787073089699
