Tumbling and spinning object.;2005-05-21 20:10:00;45 min.;Tumbling and spinning object. I was returning a friend to her apartment. It was about 8:00 p.m., and as we made a turn around a corner I saw an object in the sky.  I looked at the object a few seconds expecting it to turn out to be a helicopter but it looked like it was tumbling and spinning at the same time as this motion was going on it seemed like it was changing shape.  I'm guessing the shape shifting effect was due to the tumbling motion or maybe the shape shifting was causing it to look like it was tumbling.  I looked at my friend and asked her if she saw what I saw and she told me she did then asked me what it was.  The object was close enough that I could make out some detail as it turned, but none of the shapes made sense.  Sometimes I could make out what looked like an aircraft rudder then a second later it looked like it had an oval like sphere on the one end there were not lights on the object that I could see.  Overall the object had an elongated shape that as I said seemed to be out of control and tumbling and flipping.   I am an ex Air Force aircraft mechanic and the person I was with is a paralegal.  I have seen many planes and helicopters and I have never seen anything that moved like this object.  It was black and did not reflect light, despite the fact that the sun was shining directly on it.  I could also see a perfect translucent circle around the object as it tumbled in the sky.  I could see the circle because the part of the sky that was visible inside the circle was a different shade.  Also, the object never made a sound that we could hear. The object seemed to be stationary at first then seemed to move away from us and up.  Shortly after it moved a passenger jet flew over the apartment complex and as the jet liner passed over I could still see the object above and further away than the jet and I would say the object was a third to half the size of the jet from my perspective.  I watched the object for about thirty to forty-five minutes and the longer I watched it the further up it went.  Fortunately there was not a cloud in the sky and I saw the object climb until it was only a black speck and then it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and we found him to be quite objective in his description of the event.  We suspect that he is a very good witness, and quite credible.  PD));33.0452401630993;-97.0042067278276
