Bright lights in Lewisville, TX;2004-11-27 18:30:00;an hour;Bright lights in Lewisville, TX Peter, at your request I am entering an extended, more detailed report of what I saw on Saturday night near Dallas.  Lewisville is a city just north of Dallas, maybe 10 miles from North Dallas.  I had been shopping that evening with a friend and my son, we got home around 6:15 or so.  I put all my bags down and went out to the patio.  There, I saw my neighbor, Rich, outside on his patio.  He was looking into the sky, nothing unusual for any of us.  He asked me to look at what he was seeing.  I looked through a break between the tree and the building next to my apartment building.  There is a 4 foot, or so, space between them.  I looked in the direction of what seemed to be the north-western horizon.  There were balls of light going up into the air.  At first I asked if they were balloons, Rich explained that he had been watching them for a while and didn't think they acted much like a balloon.  I continued to watch them, as I watched more and more would come up into my line of vision.  Altogether, there would be anywhere from 9 to 15 of these individual balls of light in a group.  This group would move upward towards the stars, but always staying in formation.  The formations were nothing I have ever seen before.  There seemed to always be a lead ball of light, then two or three in a pattern behind it.  Then the other 6 or so would be in a half circle behind the lead balls.  (weird!).  As I became increasingly curious about what we were seeing, I began to realize that they couldn't have been balloons as they went a great distance into the sky.  Once they got up high enough to where you had to bend your head backwards to see them, it resembled a moving constellation.  It would be like watching the Big Dipper move across the sky.  At that point, Rich and I were very interested in what was happening.  I called a friend of mine, Jennifer, and she came out to her patio.  At this time, my son Jake came outside to see what the fuss was about.  We all stood there and watched another group go up into space.  This group acted the same way as the first.  Then, a third group.  With the third group, my son noticed that the lead light would stop, or appear to stop, and wait for the others to catch up.  At one point, there were two smaller balls of light that seemed to be playing tag as my son discribes it.  One was in front of the other and the front one would zig zag from left to right and the one behind it would chase it.  Very interesting to see.  On the fourth batch, we had two pairs of binoculars out (myself and Rich) and we couldn't get a much clearer view of them.  Almost like they were either too far away to actually see, even with magnification, or they were so bright that it seemed distorted when I tried to see them.  During the second group rising, Jennifer noticed a very odd, very thick and extremely white fog (for lack of a better word) on the horizon.  She pointed it out to us, we all saw it and watched as it rose, but it rose staying intact.  Unlike a building fire smoke, this seemed to stay just as white and just as thick as it was when it was lower on the horizon.  This display lasted approximately one hour.  I will never forget the way that these objects seemed to have a purpose, a direction.  They seemed to almost communicate in that they all knew where to go and how to take their place in line (although they never traveled in a straight line).  The best way to describe them, for me, was moving constellations.  Very bright, very large (although there were smaller ones as well), very organized objects in flight.  When asked how big they seemed to be in relation to a star, my feeling is that the brightest star in the sky that night, was half the size of the objects passing by it.  This was the most awesome, curious thing I have ever seen and I hope to one day find out what it could have been.  Please let me know if you have any information.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Second report from same witness.  We post both reports.  We spoke with this witness, and we found her to be exceptionally credible.   PD));33.0452401630993;-97.0042067278276
Giant circle with craters shining light in the sky;2019-09-30 19:00:00;time;Giant circle with craters shining light in the sky I was looking up into the sky with some friends, just hanging out on the back porch, and I saw this unusually bright light in the sky. I pointed out to my friends, and they both noticed it as well. It was so huge we had no idea how we missed it.  Upon closer inspection, we noticed we could see the surface of it.  We even were able to see what seems like craters! Some giant object, shining light in the middle of the night.;33.0452401630993;-97.0042067278276
