Object which looked like a lighted jellyfish pulsating around a star below and to the right of Cassiopea.;2007-11-02 20:15:00;30 minutes;Object which looked like a lighted jellyfish pulsating around a star below and to the right of Cassiopea. This is an amendment to my sighting description earlier today.  The star and the jellyfish-like shape pulsating with lights was to the lower left, not lower right of the comet Holmes. Sorry, I was thinking comet was to the right and typed right instead of left.;37.8989;-121.6054
Pulsating lights in a bell shape seen through binoculars near at star below Cassiopea.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Sirius.  PD));2007-11-02 20:15:00;30 minutes;Pulsating lights in a bell shape seen through binoculars near at star below Cassiopea On Friday, November 2, 2007, at approximately 20:15 P/M. PDT, I went outside to view the Comet Holmes.  I used binoculars to try to get a better look, and as I was sweeping the binoculars, I noticed a very bright star to the lower right of the comet.  It appeared to have a cluster of lights above it, so I focused on the star and observed what looked like a “net of lights” that were white, red and green and pulsating.  I continued to adjust the focus, thinking I was not properly focusing, but determined that I was indeed focused properly on this object.    I called my husband over, pointed out the star, handed him he binoculars and asked him to look.  When I asked him what he saw, he described seeing a “Jellyfish” of lights above the star.  He confirmed that the lights were pulsating and the object was larger than the star.  We continued to take turns with the binoculars (7X35) and the object moved below the star, and to either side of the star, but with no apparent pattern of movement.  The bell shape of the “jellyfish” widened and narrowed, again with no apparent pattern. I then called my neighbor and asked her to meet me outside to look at something.  Without telling her what my husband and I had seen, I asked her to observe the star using my binoculars.  She did and asked me what the lights were below the star.  I asked her if they resembled a jellyfish with lights and she confirmed that’s exactly what it looked like.  She also observed it moving, pulsating and changing it’s position around the star.  She then had her husband come outside and instructed him to look at the star, without telling him what she had observed.  He saw the same patterns of pulsating light we other three had seen.  I got another, weaker pair of binoculars, and saw the same thing, only appearing smaller. We continued to watch this anomaly for about ten more minutes.  None of us could explain it, nor had any of ever seen anything like it. I came inside about 8:40 P.M.PDT, and looked on-line with my husband to see if we could find any information regarding our observations. We found nothing. It was beautiful and must have been absolutely enormous. I will look for it again tonight. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Sirius.  PD));37.8989;-121.6054
