Rectangle boxes in form of a train, varrying colors. Red and white hovering dots above and on the sides. Suddenly dissapears in 1hr.;2012-01-03 19:15:00;about 1 hr;Rectangle boxes in form of a train, varrying colors. Red and white hovering dots above and on the sides. Suddenly dissapears in 1hr. I live right outside of town and there are only a few houses around all within 2 to 10 miles apart.  It was around 7 pm on January 3rd, 2012 when I was heading out down my driveway heading north and I noticed a long string of lights in the distance that were never there before. I stopped my car and sat there looking out the window trying to take a picture but my phone camera would not capture it because it was too dark and the object was too far. I immediately call my sister, who was still in the house right behind me, and she looked out the window and saw the same. She headed outside with my other little sister and our mother and they brought along a camera. I headed into town to my boyfriend’s house and I also told him and his dad what I had just seen and they headed out to the back yard and we looked towards the north and it was still there. We kept a lookout for about another 30 minutes and nothing was happening. So we headed back inside the house and about an hour after we first spotted the object my sister called and explained to us that a white light had hovered over the train shaped object and everything suddenly disappeared into nothing. I looked back onto the north and it was all darkness excluding a few street lights in the distance. The object was rectangular about a half a mile long divided into rectangular even length sections. It was all brightly lit in different dim looking colors not very bright some of which we can remember were white, red, green, blue and yellow.  Around this train shaped object were red dots hovering above and on the end of each side. There was no activity that we could see and there was no movement at all until after an hour around 8 that a white light came as if from behind the “train” and it all disappeared. As we looked back to where this had been it was dark as if nothing had been there at all.;32.9535;-103.3528
V shaped objects over Lovington, New Mexico.;2017-05-22 17:30:00;10 minutes;V shaped objects over Lovington new Mexico I was watching some clouds when I noticed a bright shining object come down out of a cloud.  It traveled down just for a few seconds, turned westward, and flew a ways and disappeared.    I tried to get my camera to photograph it, but it was gone.  Then another one came down out of the same cloud, and repeated the actions of the first, but instead of going west, this one went east.   Another came down and went west. for about ten minutes 6 or 7 of these V-shaped ufos repeated this scenario.   I did take pictures of about 5 of them.   Two of them seemed to be circular and  the others were real bright white, and looked flaming;32.9535;-103.3528
