Bright red fire ball in front yard;2001-09-06 10:30:00;30 seconds;Bright red fire ball in front yard While taking photos in my yard a bright red burning ball of fire appeared in my camera lens.  I lowered the camera and no more than 10 feet from me was a ball approximately two feet in diameter with an outer glow that extended it to about 3 feet.  The shape was almost a perfect circle.  I did not feel any heat irradiating from the ball, yet it was burning bright red and emitting heat waves.  It remained about 20 seconds, then started to rise vertically, very slowly to about 60 feet, where it remained motionless for a short period.  It then made a 90 degree turn and then accelerated out of site.  I have a color photo of this event.  I called the police to report it and they had another report of a fire ball a block away. ((FOLLOW-UP INVESTIGATION REPORT:  ERIC BYLER, Oregon UFO Review,  <Oregon UFO Review@home.com>.   Hi Peter,   I just got back from an investigation at the coast where I got the picture you see here along with the negatives.  I am still working on the report and have to make one more follow up call with him to clarify something, but the long and short of it is that the photographer is a ((deleted)) year old man of (partial) American Indian heritage by the name of ((deleted)).  He lives alone with a rather large ((dog)) in a very nice home on the coast of Oregon in a small town named Florence.   ((He)) spends a lot of time on his yard as it looks quite good. On the day of the picture, he was out with his camera...a ((high quality SLR camera))mm  1:3.5 - 4.5...using 35mm 400 film... a very nice camera that he chooses to keep on automatic for the simplicity of pointing and shooting.  He had already made a number of pictures when he approached the plants you see in this picture.   According to his testimony, as he was looking through the view finder and was about to shoot, this image appeared in his view finder.  He quickly hit the shutter button and dropped the camera to see what this was. He estimated the object as being a couple feet wide and glowing like fire with an outer lighter glow that emanated like a heat wave.  He pointed out however that as close as he was, only a few feet away, he could feel no heat.  He thought this as odd.   After a few seconds, the object began to slowly rise until it reached tree level which is quite high as you can see in the picture, the whole time just watching in awe thinking, 'what in the hell is this?  Then he realized, hey, take another picture.  He brought the camera up to began lining it up with the object when it did a 90 degree turn and shot away from the house traveling west towards the ocean.  He immediately took the film down to have them developed to see if he indeed had got the object on film.  I have checked out the negatives and the package with the number of pictures that were developed and is does appear that he stopped taking pictures in his yard by the time he got to the picture in question.  My thought is if this were just a reflection of some sort on the lens then it probably would have only shown up when the pictures were developed and he would have continued taking pictures.  The fact that he did indeed stop taking pictures at number ten (the roll goes backward from 24 to 1) and then developed the pictures tell me that he may have indeed seen something of a nature that points away from simple lens reflection and does add up with his story.   I spent some time in the house with ((witness)) and I found him very easy to talk with.  ((Witness) is a big man but soft spoken.  His house is very nice with lots of reference to his heritage seen in the art work on his walls.  He has three ((medals)) permanently displayed on a side table as he was in WW2.  A wall in another room had a number of framed certificates of achievements and education showing his many accomplishments over the years.     In his main den where we talked there was a large volume of books on shelves.  I saw no books pertaining to UFO material as many were related to American Indian heritage   ((Witness)) does not have a computer for internet access but does have basic television.   He has no idea what he saw.  He did contact the police who came over and took a report.  The following day he says he talked to the assistant fire chief while in town and he (the chief) mentioned hearing of a similar report on his scanner that day but remembers it as being on 24th street, rather than 23rd where ((witness)) lives.  I am following up on this.  I did contact the state police who reports that they have had similar reports like this over the past few months in other parts of the coast but did not elaborate.  This is being followed up on as well.   Just in case the photo doesn't come through, go here... http://www.oregonuforeview.com/florence.html ... to view it.     Sincerely,   Eric Byler - Oregon UFO Research. ((NUFORC Note:  Our gratitude to Eric Byler, Oregon UFO Review, for the excellent investigation and follow-up review.  PD));43.991;-124.093
It was an orange glow, with rapid movements far above the ocean, moving rapidly to the right and left, up and down.;2002-08-03 22:15:00;20 minutes;It was an orange glow, with rapid movements far above the ocean, moving rapidly to the right and left, up and down. It was about 10:20 or so and I and my 18 year old brother, me being 15, had drove out to the Florence, Oregon sand dunes down the South Jetty Drive. We hiked up one of the dunes , and sat there looking at stars for a couple minutes and then looked out over the Ocean. We spotted an orange light above the ocean, way out, that was too low too be a star, and yet too high to be a ship or a boat. We watched it for 20 minutes keeping our eyes glued on the UFO. It's movements we both caught as they were very unique. They stayed in the same spot, but jerked up and down, to the right and the left very fast, but not moving far. We checked the movements of the object as each of us had seen, and our eyes saw the same thing. Eventually it got duller and dimmer and dissapeared. This craft or thing, was nothing we had ever seen before. ((NUFORC Note:  The planet Venus is visible in the western sky at the time indicated, and would disappear behind the western horizon in the manner described.  PD));43.991;-124.093
USAF Veteran witnessed a glowing amber pulsating ball floating in a field.;2015-06-17 02:55:00;15 minutes;USAF Veteran witnessed a glowing amber pulsating ball floating in a field. While driving my asthmatic wife at 0255 hours, during an asthmatic episode, to open up her lungs.   Myself...a USAF veteran, with 4 1/2 years of flight line experience, working night shift, viewing normal flight patterns, witnessed an amber pulsating ball floating in a field to the right of the road we were traveling.   The circular light was eye level with me driving my vehicle.  The field was around 6 feet lower than the road I was traveling in a valley surrounded my forest.  The ball was glowing an amber color but pulsating light with small light glowing beneath it.   The light looked like a dim flame or my best description of it is it looked as if it was a reflection of light off a lake but in the air.  To me it looked more like some kind of energy source over a physical object because of the unusual light it was emitting.   After questioning what we witnessed we turned around and confirmed our sighting. Because of my wife's fragile condition, I was unable to park and investigate, and document, the sighting.;43.991;-124.093
Orange circular object moving fast.;2015-08-03 02:00:00;1-2 minutes;Orange circular object moving fast I looked out my bedroom window, as I often do before making my trip to the bathroom, to look at the stars.  When, I could not believe my eyes… an orange glowing circular shape was moving pretty fast towards the trees!   I grabbed my glasses off the night stand, and sure enough…. This was unusual!  I have been watching the stars since I was a kid, and even own a high power scope, in which I have witnessed rings of Jupiter, many moon craters, and a solar eclipse.   I know what a satellite looks like.  This was NOT a satellite.   What was it???!   I ran outside to get another look at it, but of course, it was gone.;43.991;-124.093
One large white disc shaped object near Sea Lion Caves, Oregon.;2017-11-16 20:45:00;~8 seconds;One large white disc shaped object near Sea Lion Caves, Oregon. 11-16-2017, 8:45pm driving north on highway 101  from Florence, Oregon, to Yachats, I saw a large white disc off to the left of the car, out over the ocean.  I was on the passenger side and could look at it for about 5-10 seconds.  We were driving north along the edge of the cliffs - about 200 feet up from the water.  The perfectly circular disc was evenly lighted, - not harsh or brilliant like a lighthouse light but evenly soft white.  No glow to it.  It was approx. the size of a half dollar at my finger tips when my arm is extended.   It did not move and hovered just about 20° below my shoulder height when seated in the car - a mid sized Escape.... not the newer taller one - out over the water.  We did not hear any noise.  Trees got in our view so about 1 minute or less later we pulled into the parking lot of the Sea Lions Cave where I got out and could see most of the coast to Florence.  All was dark and quiet - no sign of anything anywhere in the water or along the coast. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she sounded to us to be exceptionally serious and sober-minded.  We suspect that both she and her husband are highly reliable, and capable, witnesses.  Please see a second report from the husband.  PD));43.991;-124.093
Bright White Round object over ocean near Sea Lion Caves in mid coast Oregon;2017-11-16 20:45:00;5-6 seconds;Bright White Round object over ocean near Sea Lion Caves in mid coast Oregon My wife and I witnessed seeing a very bright white round light while I was looking down towards the ocean shore while driving north from the city of Florence on route 101.  The light was much larger than any type of search light or light house, and was out over the ocean, not far off shore. This observation occurred around 8:45 on November 16th 2017.  I was driving during the sighting, and was unable to pull over until we arrived at the Sea Lion Caves pull of area about 1/4 to1/2 of mile north of the area where I observed the white circular light.  Once we pulled into the Sea Lion Caves parking lot we were unable to see anything in the direction were we first saw the light. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witnesses wife, who also witnessed the object.  We suspect that both husband and wife are exceptionally capable, and reliable, witnesses.  PD));43.991;-124.093
