Well when it happened, I reported it to Peter Davenport personally! For some reason it has been removed I never replaced. Anyway on the;1997-07-05 00:30:00;Hours;Well when it happened, I reported it to Peter Davenport personally! For some reason it has been removed I never replaced. Anyway on the night of the Fourth of July we were camping near Florence Oregon. We had talk to our children and to our motorhome and decided to have some time after the Fourth of July fireworks. We started a fire on Carter lake. It was around 12:20 PM. Everything was quiet. We were anxious to have some alone time without the kids. I personally noticed in the sky A greenish area above the Eastern coast to range. My husband decided to go get a super powered flashlight and flash the light at the object. That is made it seem to come over the coastal range and become more of the actual shape. It was triangular it was quiet. When it got closer I became frightened and went to go get my sister as a witness because I knew there was something “ not normal“ happening. By the time I got back down with my sister from the motorhome to the campsite wher! e the fire was burning it was right above us. It was a large blue-ish sky looking trying to be triangular UFO. There was a light humming noise as if it was scanning the area. There was a bright light on the front of the triangle and two dimmer ones on the back. This happened in 1997 near the coast of Florence Oregon. I have felt so alone and seeing something so spectacular. There’s so much more to the story. But I still feel so Hello! This is a short And true confession of one of the most terrifying nights of my life. My husband and sister who are witnesses do not seem to be bothered. But I saw more than they did.;43.991;-124.093
A very lg. triangular  craft with 3 lights on eacg point. The bl./grn. translusant type color filled area betwn. ea. light. Low hum s.;1997-07-05 01:30:00;Approx 3 hrs!;A very lg. triangular  craft with 3 lights on eacg point. The bl./grn. translusant type color filled area betwn. ea. light. Low hum s. Until that July, none of us had ever seen a Flying Object that was Unidentifiable.   We have been camping together for many years now, so with all the latenight fireside chats the need to Identify has occured. It was around 1:30 am when I first noticed a odd lingering greenish light moving SLOWLY over the treed hills. At first I thought It was smoke from fireworks, BUT when in full veiw the shape was too triangularly defined. I asked for an opinion and recieved confirmation that it was MORE! The last log was burning low enouph and approaching closer a STARTLING sight it was. Then my husband had to shine a bright flashlight at it and within 5 mins. It made a very clear change in direction OUR WAY. It reached the lake that we camp on and I began to PANIC, It was HUGE!!! (3\4 or more the size of a football field) Uncontrollably shaking with tears in my eyes I went for witnesses. when we got back to the lake it was nearly over us. It had three lights, one on each corner the front light was the brightest. The area between each point was a translucent greenish\blue color. It made a strange two tone subsonic type low hummmmmminggg sound. Heading N.West it moved rythmaticly with a soft up\down appearance at the frant of it. I was SOOO scared, all in total AWE we had to sit. At about 3:00 am it was over the sand dunes, but thankfully past us. Allthough still in uor sights everyone was very tired and wanted to retire for the night. I could not take my eyes off of it, I watched it from our moterhome window. At around a 3:45/4:00 am it dissappeared with a sheetlightning or Giant camera FLASH. On our way home we stopped by a favorate place to dine in a nearby town Mapleton OR. we noticed that the paper mentioned it. When we returned from our vacation, We reported our sighting to the Unsolved Mysteries & Sightings Websites. This was in 1997 and I cant seem to get it off of my mind. If anyone else has seen or heard simular reports. PLEASE POST IT!!! Sometimes I feel so alone in the effect it had on me. In ways I w! ish that I could pass it off as a Military thing as I have other pacullar flying crafts, but I DONT BELIVE THAT! As far as our personal backgrounds... My husband I own two businesses, I manage both of them, My spouse is a ((deleted)) Training Tech. for the State of Oregon, others hold professional positions. Upon request, One of us can provide image docs.;43.991;-124.093
