My employee and his wife witnessed two lights in the sky that lingered for most of an hour before disappearing.;2013-11-20 04:00:00;1 hour;My employee and his wife witnessed two lights in the sky that lingered for most of an hour before disappearing. This was witnessed by one of my employees and his wife while my employee was working the graveyard shift last night. At approximately 0400 US central time, my employee walked outside of the plant for a security check.  He observed due east of our location a pulsating light in the sky that at first appeared to be a star or planet.  From his perspective it was about the same size as a bright star or planet like Venus, but again, the light was pulsating from relatively dim to bright, back to dim then back to bright, etc.  The apparent altitude was about two fingers' width above the horizon. After he had been watching it for about 20 minutes off and on (he was in and out of the plant checking operations) his wife arrived to bring him some food while on her way to work.  This was at about 0430.  They were both watching it when she spotted a second almost identical pulsating light that he hadn't previously seen move from the north side of the original object to its south side. After the second object moved to the south side of the first object, the first object started to move higher into the sky, as though gaining altitude without moving in any other direction, forward, backward, or sideways.  He started thinking that the lights may have been helicopters, but he had the further impression that if they had been helos they were close enough that he could've heard their engine or rotor noise. After the first object increased its altitude about two to three times what it had been previously, it became stationary.  The one that had moved south of it was stationary the whole time the first object was moving.  After the first object once again became stationary for a few minutes, the second object to the south slowly descended until it was no longer visible above the horizon.  It was not seen again. Several minutes after the second object disappeared below the horizon, the first object started moving slowly to the south, gradually gaining speed until reaching an apparent speed comparable to what is observed of a jet aircraft at high altitude.  Within 30-45 seconds the object was no longer visible, having passed the southern horizon. Total time of observance was about 45 minutes to one hour.  During the entire time there was no discernible sound coming from either object.  Background noise from the plant was minimal. ((NUFORC Note:  We have recommended that the witnesses look again, and determine whether the objects they witnessed might have been twinkling stars, possibly the star, Sirius.  PD));31.5844;-90.4486
