Close encounter with a massive UFO in Buxton, Maine;2021-01-02 21:30:00;30 seconds;Close encounter with a massive UFO in Buxton, Maine This event took place on Saturday, January 02, 2021  I went outside at 19:00 to watch the quadrantid meteor shower. I was laying on my back with my feet pointed to the South and Orion was crossing from East to West on the horizon. The space station had just passed directly overhead and I was watching it go down in the West when I was distracted by a white light which appeared to be coming straight at me because it was growing brighter. The light continued growing brighter and began moving to the East. It was low enough on the horizon that it disappeared behind my house so I couldn’t get a good look at it. An hour later I saw the light again and it was traveling at the same low point on the horizon but this time it was traveling to the East. It was closer this second time and I got a better look at it before it disappeared behind my house. I saw multiple white lights and also noticed a red light this time. I was almost waiting for it to come back when I saw it the third time and this time it was really close. It came out of the Southeast and was traveling Northbound about 100 yards to the East of my house. I thought it was maybe a drone at first because it was behind some trees but then it got closer and I realized there were actually five white lights in a X pattern with one red light in the center. I took off my headphones and heard a soft roar that immediately threw out the idea that it was a drone. The noise it gave off was most similar to jets flying over Lambeau field before a game but much more quiet like if the jets were moving as slow as they possibly could. The five white lights almost made me think that there were five different jets flying in the same direction possibly chasing the red light at the center but they were flying in perfect unison at around 80 miles per hour. At this point the UFO was the closest to me all night. It flew out into the open about 200 yards above my head and I knew I was looking at something incredible. I finally noticed a massive spherical cabin in the middle of the lights. The cabin definitely had a reflective coating because it was very difficult to see and if I hadn’t seen it shimmer, then I wouldn’t have seen it at all. It appeared to be 300 feet long, 150 feet wide, and 80 feet in depth. It was by far the largest flying object I’ve ever seen, probably by a factor of ten. The red light on the UFO had a circular shape and appeared to be on the bottom side of the cabin. The UFO continued Northbound past my house then abruptly turned East and took off at a much higher speed. It seemed to change directions as easily as a drone and was propelled by the five white lights and possibly the one red one. I can’t say for certain how fast it took off but it was gone beyond the Eastern (possibly Northeastern) horizon in about ten seconds . I saw two of the greatest meteors that I’ve ever witnessed, but all I can think about was the UFO.  They’re here.;43.6400999999999;-70.5213000000002
