multiple crafts traveling at high speed and emitting flare-like blasts.;2006-04-03 21:44:00;34 mins;Multiple crafts traveling at high speed and emitting flare-like blasts. My husband had stepped outside of our home at 9:44 pm on the evening of April 4, 2006.   It was a clear evening, no clouds or breeze and a cresent moon.  I was inside and heard what appeared to be a very loud engine noise.  My husband came in the house and told me to come outside.   A short distance off, in the southern sky, was a very large disc shaped figure with red, randomly blinking, lights.  It was enormous.  We watched as the object continued to fade in the distance.   A few moments later, it came streaking, at a very high speed, back in our direction.  This time the object was very high up.  It was very loud although it was traveling faster than sound.  The object passed overhead about 9 seconds prior to our hearing it.   There were huge intermittant bursts of flare-like (yellow-orange) releases in the sky both coming from the craft and sometimes in the sky where there didn't appear to be a craft.  When the sky lit up from these blasts, there was an aurora around the light.  Random sparks from the blasts reached the vacinity of our house.  It was similar to seeing the sparks from a professional fireworks display showering down, although it came from a very high altitude.   At one point in the eastern sky we witnessed two crafts, again, traveling at a very high speed.  Our teenage son had joined us outside and observed these events also.  The clear sky quickly became cloudy with a light cover although the clouds weren't moving and there were no winds present at ground level.   We'll keep the video camera charged in the future. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) I filed a report just moments ago.  I'm sorry, but I filled in the military time incorrectly.  It took place at 9:44 p.m. ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have altered the time above to 21:44 hrs..  PD));43.4323;-124.2131
Silent, golden orange orbs;2012-08-13 22:00:00;5 minutes;Silent, golden orange orbs My daughter and I were in the yard watching the shooting stars, planes, and satellites. We also viewed different stars through our telescope, but got tired of looking up, so we lay down on a tarp in the grass and just looked up at the beautiful night sky. Out of nowhere, from the east, there was golden-orange colored round orb/light (very bright - glowing like) in the east, over a hill nearby, coming towards the bay. At first, I thought it was a plane who turned on its landing light for the local airport, but it was much larger than a landing light, not the right color, and there was no sound... totally silent. It appeared to be moving quite slowly, down and forward - moving east to west. Then all of a sudden another light came from it - same color, round shape, size, and same speed - but moving north without descending. The original light/orb continued, several more lights came from it and descended at same speed, but at about 45 degree angle. Other lights (2 or 3) appeared near to these. All of them would appear to turn off for a few moments, then turn back on in a direct line of path... not a blinking affect but a distinct off, then back on. A couple of them seemed to appear out of nowhere as well on either side of the original one. It was unreal... my daughter, who is 6, kept saying &quotcool, mommy&quot... and I was in awe.  I asked my daughter to run into the house and grab my cellphone so I could video it, and the housephone to call my brother who lives right down the road. While she was inside, all of them disappeared... About 1-2 minutes later I heard a rumbling at high altitude, like jet fighters.  I could hear them to the north, and when the sound passed over, I saw what looked like the red glow of two after-burners moving due south. It had taken my daughter about 2 (maybe 3) minutes to return outside. I called my brother, and he came over... I described what I had seen. I wondered what I just witnessed. I have never seen anything like it before. My brother thought it may have been star-burst-flares and explained what they look like, but it was definitely not that.;43.4323;-124.2131
