It is time to tell the story, now approximately 10 years later. It was late in the evening, probably 10 or 11 o’clock, in the fall of 2;2011-10-25 22:00:00;~1 minute;It is time to tell the story, now approximately 10 years later. It was late in the evening, probably 10 or 11 o’clock, in the fall of 2010 or 11 on the Oregon coast, North Bend Oregon. The kids were just about in bed and they were to sonic booms that Sugar House along with the rumble in between the two booms, each maybe five or six seconds apart. The rumbling was significant and my wife and I ran out into the front yard. It is time to tell the story, now approximately 10 years later.  It was late in the evening, probably 10 or 11 o’clock, and the fall of 2010 or 11 on the Oregon coast, North Bend Oregon.  The kids were just about in bed and there were two sonic blooms that shook our house along with the rumble in between the two booms, each maybe five or six seconds apart.  The rumbling was significant in my wife and I ran out into the front yard. Looking almost straight up above us, maybe a tiny bit towards the southern sky where the front of our house was pointed, was what appeared to be just a bright white what I would describe is very similar to a comet with a tail coming right down towards us. This was much brighter and larger than usual and there was clearly a rumbling from the house, but the object did not appear to be making any sound.  Our house was vibrating and The kids came out.   The object completely stopped and was silent, and the rumbling in the house stopped.  From the sides of this object two red lights shot out made their own complete arc down from the object and then met together at some unknown distance opposite from where they started.  My wife says they came around complete mirror images and then joined up at the same start position more like a figure 8 or an infinity sign.  This is really the only place our story differs . It then glowed bright white, paused there for quite some time (4-5 seconds?), then shot off directly south with incredible speed and disappeared in the distance.  This acceleration I believe rumbled the house again, thought glass might break.  The woods around us were completely silent . Never saw anything like it or any other bizarre sighting ever.  I’m a skeptic.;43.4323;-124.2131
