Bright light coming from the sky with no sound of any aircraft or hellicopters.;2001-07-07 21:00:00;ten seconds;Bright light coming from the sky with no sound of any aircraft or hellicopters. Was outside viewing the stars at night as I did frequently looking for UFO's. I lived on twenty acres of plush land and trees no neighbors. Suddenly a large light from the sky came on down over on the hill side about 200 feet from where I was standing. The light appeared to be around 80 feet in length shooting straight down. It looked like a huge search light of some type. A light that a light house becon puts off only this was shooting straight down onto the hillside from something in the sky. There was no sound of any air craft or hellicopters.  It was a clear white light shining down and was wider towards the ground and thinner as one was to look up to see where it was coming from, but could see no source from where the light was coming from.  Was pitch black. It lasted for only about ten seconds than went off and did not return. Was truly amazing. I thanked who ever it was for giving me a sign that we are not alone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.4323;-124.2131
Bright circle white light flying through the sky, turned red and disappeared.;2018-09-22 20:45:00;2 minutes;Bright circle white light flying through the sky, turned red and disappeared.;43.4323;-124.2131
Two Orb-Shaped UFOs Spotted Over North Bend, OR;2021-03-24 21:00:00;10-20 seconds;Two Orb-Shaped UFOs Spotted Over North Bend, OR I was outside late at night smoking on my back porch, which is situated on a hill overlooking a portion of the Coos Bay, when I witnessed unexplainable light formations move in the sky.  It was partly cloudy outside, but I saw the UFOs when I happened to look up at a portion of the night sky which was not covered by clouds and saw two light-looking UFOs. I thought it was weird that two satellite-appearing lights were moving together so close, but suddenly one of the lights sped off into the cloud cover. The other light stopped moving through the sky suddenly, but then changed direction and began taking off towards the other light into the cloud cover.  I've seen satellites and airplanes move in the sky and I know with 100% certainty these lights were moving like no known human aircraft. They made zero noise and moved far too fast, from zero to the speed of light it appeared in milliseconds. And they were far too high in elevation and moving too quickly to be drones of any type.  What worries me is the fact that these things come off as looking initially like your average satellite moving in the night sky. I feel like most people would have probably glanced at what I saw and thought these lights are just satellites and brushed it off and looked away, since at first they were moving just like satellites. It was when I stopped for a few extra seconds and really took a closer look at them moving and thought to myself oh my god these are definitely not satellites.  It makes me wonder how many events like this happen, where most people are so used to assuming these UFOs are just satellites and end up looking away from something which might actually be a UFO. But I understand why this would happen, since these light UFOs come off as your straight-forward satellite moving across the starry night sky at a typical speed and trajectory as a standard satellite. It's only when they go off trajectory would anyone notice they are even UFOs. Absolute insanity!;43.4323;-124.2131
