((NUFORC Note:  Hoax?? PD))  About 6 weeks ago I was standing out back of my house, letting the dog out at about 1:30 AM.;2005-08-07 01:30:00;00:30;Hi, About 6 weeks ago I was standing out back of my house, letting the dog out at about 1:30 AM in the morning.  While standing in my yard you can see the plane traffic lanes going from west to east and ease to west. Well that night I was looking at the sky as I always do.  I picked up on a star in the North, North West moving.  Well it looked like a star.  It was as bright as a star.  I watched as it moved to the South, South East.  I first saw it at about 25 degrees in North sky and it disappeared at about the same in the south.  This thing was way higher than any plane I have ever saw.  It had no flashing lights just a constant white, like a star.  It went with the curveature of the earth and left no trail.  So I know it was not a shooting star.  It only took 30 seconds or so to travel from one horizon at 25 degrees up to the other horizon about 25 degrees up. Trees got in the way to the south and I first saw it about that degree to the North.  I thought, maybe a satalite or Space Station.   Then I thought glowing like a star, maybe the sun was lighting it up, but the sun is on the other side of the planet then and it would not make it look like it was glowing.  This is the first thing I have ever seen that made me think that it could be a UFO.  Also, there was no sound at all.   I do believe in UFO's this is why I go out back with the dogs every night weather permitting around 1 AM to 3 AM.   It was really fascinating.  I will keep my eyes looking to the sky, hoping to shoot a 7 mm. magnum at one that is up real close.  If it ever happens.  Bringing one down is the only way one could prove they are here.  Thanks, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know whether this is intended to be a serious report.  PD));39.7459;-76.6859
Slowly moving bright light and aircraft near it.;2009-12-16 19:50:00;12;Slowly moving bright light and aircraft near it. I was driving home with my parents and looking east I saw a bright light (as bright or brighter than most planets) and an aircraft staying near it.  The bright light moved not much, it different directions.  It could have been just an aircraft heading east, but it was too bright and didn't flash, so I think it might be something I can explain.  There was an aircraft not too close, but it stayed within the same distance when the object moved. The two objects (UFO and the aircraft) didn't move much, I don't know if they weren't just heading east or hovering, I was out of view before the objects disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  Units of the duration of the sighting are not indicated by the witness.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.7459;-76.6859
UFO sighting over a carnival in Southern York County, Pennsylvania, caught on camera.;2012-07-05 21:42:00;5 minutes;UFO sighting over a carnival in Southern York County, Pennsylvania, caught on camera. My friend and I were walking around the local carnival when we spotted 2 large, dark red-orange lights flying South only a few miles away.  We walked to the edge of the carnival so I could try recording them on my phone away from the bright lights of the rides and games, but the red lights flew upwards and faded away.   Seconds later, a third dark red-orange light appeared in the near Southwest, nowhere near a horizon, maybe 1 or 2 miles away.  It flew Northeast, but when it reached a certain point, it turned and began to fly South, exactly in the same path as the first two lights.   At that moment, a very bright fourth red-orange light materialized less than a mile away, again nowhere near the horizon.  It flew Northeast, and when it reached the same point as the others, began to fly almost directly South.  After about one minute, it just disappeared completely.   The last two lights were recorded on video.;39.7459;-76.6859
