UFO's that looked like stars moving quickly.;1988-06-10 22:00:00;1 minute;UFO's that looked like stars moving quickly. My friend and I were looking through a telescope when he saw something he couldn't explain.   He told me to look, and when I did, I saw two small lights.  They looked like stars but they were moving in a sideways figure-eight in opposite directions.  One making the figure-eight in one direction and the other in the opposite direction.  It was a small pattern and they were moving fast.   We went into the house and tried to get our parents to come a look, but they refused.  When we came back, they were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Mistaken identity? Helicopter? Ball of light, turns into Alien aircraft  and shoots into space!;1990-08-15 03:30:00;5 minutes;Mistaken identity? Helicopter? Ball of light, turns into Alien aircraft  and shoots into space! One night after I got off of work as I was heading back home from downtown Pensacola and heading east on Cervantes Avenue at one point I noticed a bright light shining down upon my car and so I looked up through my windshield and then out the side window to see a bright light which I took to be a helicopter although I did not hear the noise and as the traffic light changed I drove about 2 miles to have this vehicle follow me with its spotlight on me and just after I crossed Bayou Texar and got to the next traffic light, I stopped on the red light and still watching from through the window by sticking my head out because the craft was literally straight up.  Anyway, As I stopped at the traffic light I watched the craft above me stop. Then it shot very quickly to a point further east and stopped there for a brief moment, before it then shot into outer space at a very rapid pace if not faster than the speed of light.  A light trail followed it briefly before it t! otally disappeared.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Experience with bright hovering ligt,, loss of time and changes in spacial perception in Florida;1996-07-06 01:00:00;30 sec-30 min;Experience with bright hovering ligt,, loss of time and changes in spacial perception in Florida The night of the fourth of July, 1996, I was in high school on summer vacation, in bed ready to go to sleep.  My room, located at the rear of our house had a single window, set in an alcove approximately 2.5-3 feet deep with overhanding eaves.  Outside the window there was a large elephant ear plant, which obscured 50-60% of the total window area.  Outside the window there was a large river birch 15-15 feet from the house with a leaf canopy that was about 12 feet wide and blocked the entirety of the nigh sky from view. It was at 1:00am on that night I was in bed when I heard and felt a low electrical vibration, I sat up and turned towards the window and lareg display clock which clearly read the time.  The vibration became a hum and I experienced physical paralysis and a visual and physical change in the dimensions of the room.  The room itself appeared to expand and constrict as if it were becoming fluid. It was at this point a bright light appeared in the upper left hand corner of the window, despite the foliage outside and window blinds, the light pierced the darkness of the roomit stayed for a moment and then in less than a second filled the entire window with a bright white light.  The room was lit brighter than day with the blinding light.  During this time the hum stopped and there was a total lack of sound.  I was incapable of movement. The light stayed in the window for up to 10 seconds and then pulled back and shot away in the same angle at which it had approached.  At this point the room returned to its normal state, the normal sounds of the house (air conductor, pets etc.) returned and I was capable of moving again.  It was at this point I realized I had also been holding my breath for the duration of the event.  I looked again at the digital clock and observed the time was 1:30 and that 30 minutes at passed in what was less than a one minute event. It was the first time I experienced such an event, however I was not afraid after and from conversations wit family members I found that I was not the first to have such an experience. I had many acquaintances pass this off as fireworks as it was July 4th, but that is unlikely as fireworks of any great size are banned in Florida for private use, and the foliage outside my window  blocked all light from entering, not to mention that no fireworks behave in such a manner and are not silent. The next morning I found fingerpring like marks on my legs and arms;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Two stationary lights on the western horizon suddenly moved simultaneously upward then began to move southwesterly. Both were whitish l;2002-04-17 21:30:00;appr.30 seconds;Two stationary lights on the western horizon suddenly moved simultaneously upward then began to move southwesterly. Both were whitish lights that never blinked, or flickered, seemed to be very far out in distance, and both moved simultaneously and at an angle to each other. After roughly 10 - 15 seconds one light disappeared, then a couple of seconds later the second light disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS and Space Shuttle passed over this area of the U. S. at 20:21 on this date.  Please see www.Heavens-above.com.  PD));30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
I thought it may be a satellite, but now I don't know because of the way the light it emitted just simply turned off.;2003-04-12 20:30:00;1 minute;I thought it may be a satellite, but now I don't know because of the way the light it emitted just simply turned off. On Saturday night, April 12, 2003 between the hours of 8:30 PM and 9:00 PM, I was on the (Pensacola side) fishing bay bridge at pillar marker 44 just before the so called hump.  I was facing directly due East with the half to almost 3/4 moon brilliantly shining at an angle between 1 o'clock and 2 o'clock in the sky, and looking due south, the moon was brilliantly shining at an angle slightly beyond 12 o'clock.  While looking directly due east, I noticed a large star like object between 22 degrees to 30 degrees above the eastern horizon, and the object appeared to be located near Navare or Fort Walton.  It was flickering like a star changing to different colors of red, green, and blue.  My first thoughts was UFO because the lights were changing in a timely color pattern.  I was wondering if I was the only person out of about a hundred people who were fishing on the bridge that night who may have seen what I saw, so I decided to briefly of less than one second to shined my flood spot light directly towards the object so people might notice the flood beam and gazes towards the direction I saw the object in the sky.  The floodlight's beam could not reach the object I saw in the sky.  Since the object didn't move and it appeared to be stationary, I decided that the object I was seeing was just a large star or planet since some stars or planets do flicker and shine similar in ways of the object I saw.  But the object just described is not the main reason why I wrote this account.  It is what happened briefly two to three minutes after shining the flood light at the object (star).  Still facing directly east, I notice another object coming directly from either the north or northeast at an angle of 45 degrees above the eastern horizon heading south.  This object appeared to be only 3 miles or less away from my position or 1/8 the distant from the fishing bridge to the midway bridge.  This object was also moving at the speed of a satellite and as bright as of the brightest of all satellites, bu! t this object seem very low in orbit for I seen satellite traversing the skies in the past.  But still this is not the main reason why I wrote this account.  What really caught my attention was the fact while I was watching what I thought was a satellite traversing the sky, the object's (satellite?) light just turned off like somebody flick the light switch to the off position once it past my two o'clock angle.  The object's light just didn't dim and fade away like other satellites I seen in my past.  Just about 1 mile before entering Gulf Breeze area, this object just instantly stopped shining its lights.  I seen meteorite's in my past, and those meteorites had always  left behind what I call a trailing light.  The second object I saw didn't have this trailing light for like I said, it originally look like a satellite.  What occurred about 5 to 10 minutes after that event seems interesting too.  I saw three aircraft in the sky.  One aircraft was a passenger airliner landing at Pensacola's airport which seem to have zillions of lights on it.  The other two aircraft might have been military, and I know they were aircrafts because they had their identification lights flicking off and on.  Those two other aircrafts were zigzagging all over the skies as thou searching for something, but they never ventured into the area where I saw that second object where it just disappear in a blink of an eye after viewing it for at least 30 second to a minute.  Is it possible for satellites just to blink out or what I saw that night was truly a UFO cloaked as a satellite?  I don't look for UFO's, and I am somewhat skeptical about UFO's and of most reports of them, but the night I saw this event got me somewhat thinking of what type of object it was that I saw traversing the night skies.  Was it just a fluke incident of nature?  I guess I'll never know, and what I wrote is exactly what I saw on the night of April 12, 2003.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
unidentified traversing light or sighted object;2003-04-12 20:30:00;1 minute;unidentified traversing light or sighted object (A previous report has been filed in April of 2003, but this report is a little more descriptive with additional details that I intentionally left out of the original report due to the uncanny occurrence of sequence events that followed after the initial event, and due to a possible embarrassment to myself for reporting more correctly an abnormal occurrence yet, I feel the truth must be fully known because of its eerie oddity.) On Saturday night, April 12, 2003 between the hours of 8:30 PM and 9:00 PM, I was on the fishing bay bridge (Pensacola side) at pillar marker number 44 just before the so called hump.  I was facing directly due East with the 3/4 full moon brilliantly shining at an angle in the sky between 1 o'clock and 2 o'clock and when I was facing directly south, the moon was brilliantly shining at an angle in the sky slightly beyond 12 o'clock.  The night sky was crystal clear with no clouds in sight, and the temperature outdoors was about 50 degrees Fahrenheit.  While I was looking directly due east, I noticed a large, star-like object between 22 to 30 degrees above the eastern horizon, and the object appeared to be located near Navare or Fort Walton Beach.  It was flickering like a star that cyclically changed into different colors of red, green, and blue.  My first thoughts was UFO because the lights were changing in a timely color pattern.  It also appeared and felt to my perception to be inside our atmosphere, but the distant was too vastly away to make any definite identification in which I could clearly identify what I was seeing.  It almost seem like it had an oval shape to it which the elongated part of the object was facing upwards.  I was wondering to myself if I was the only person out of about a hundred people who were fishing on the bridge that night may have seen what I saw.  So in a UFO joking mood, I decided to briefly shined my floodlight for less than a few second directly towards the object as in playful mode to get the attention of whomever may be inside if it was a UFO (like who shined that light at me, somebody can see me thought) which at time I was still actually thinking it was possibly a large planet or star, and I wanted to get the attention of the people on the bridge so they might glance at the flood beam and gazes towards the direction that I saw the star-like object in the sky.  The floodlight's beam could not reach the object that I saw in the sky.  Since the object didn't move an! d it appeared to be stationary, I decided that the object I was seeing was just a large star or planet since some stars or planets do flicker and shine similar like the object that I seen.  But the object that I just described is not the main reason why I wrote this account.  It is what happened two to three minutes later after I briefly shined the flood light at the object (star). While I was still facing directly east as I was fishing and becoming bored because the fish-bites were slacking, I saw an commercial airliner appear from out of the tree line directly from the North-East slightly over the bay.  The commercial airliner began making its slow, sharp bending approach about a mile out into the bay towards Pensacola's airport for landing.  As the commercial airliner was veering towards the airport, it looked like it had a zillion lights on it.  The commercial airliner disappeared from my viewing as it approached and  descended towards the Pensacola's airport landing strip.  The commercial airliner seem like it had been escorted because about 10 to 15 seconds later, two military aircraft appeared from out of the same direction and elevation the commercial airliner had just recently appeared.  The military aircraft didn't follow the same route that the commercial airliner took while it was approaching into Pensacola's airport. Instead, they made their turns towards Navare or Fort Walton Beach separating from each other as they flew towards those cities.  They also began flying in what appeared to be a zigzagging or searching pattern.  I could clearly see the shape of the military aircraft in the moonlight.  The military aircraft also had their identification lights on which were blinking red on one side of the wing, and blinking green on the other wing.  Their strobe lights could be clearly seen all the way across the bay.  Then about  30 seconds later, I saw an object come from the same direction and elevation the commercial airliner and military aircraft had appeared.  The direction of the object was either directly from the north or from the northeast at an angle of 45 degrees above the eastern horizon heading south.  This object seem like it had just tailed the commercial airliner or the military aircraft.  This object when first spotted appeared to be only 2 miles or less away from my position or 1/8 the distant from the fishing bridge to the midway bridge which is near t! he town of Midway.  This object was horizontally traveling at the same elevation the aircraft were flying and about the similar speed of a landing commercial airline, and the object was brighter than the brightest satellites the object's light seem like the same intensity of arc-welding, yet, it almost seem like it was glowing but in a soft glowing manner of either a pure white color or of arc light color.  I can't recall if the object reflected a mirror image of itself onto the water's surface, but I think it did since it was so brilliantly illuminating.  The object also seem like it had a solid and spherical shape similar to a globe.  If the object that I was viewing was a satellite, it was too extremely low in orbit, for I seen satellite traversing the skies in the past.  This object had no distinguishing shape such as an outline in the moonlight, nor did it create any audible sound as it approached my position.  If I was to estimate the size of this object when I saw it at its closest approach to me of about a thousand yards or less, I would say it appeared no smaller than a baseball, or no bigger than a basketball.  When I first seen this object, I wasn't expecting it and it scared the blinky-blank out of me because the first thing that entered my mind after just shining the floodlight at the star-like object was OH blank!  That must be a UFO scout investigating who just shined a floodlight at the mother UFO ship!  My fear then ease to it must be a satellite because it looks like a satellite. But I was still wondering until after few seconds had past then I said to myself, That is an awfully low satellite going really slow.  It can't possibly be a UFO.  I was mesmerized by the object because I never seen anything like it traveling so low and slow and brilliantly illuminated.  But still this is not the main reason why I wrote this account. What really caught my attention was the fact while I was watching what I thought may be a satellite traversing the sky, the object's (satellite?) illumination just simply turned off like somebody flick the light switch to the off position once it past my two o'clock angle.  The object's light just didn't dim and fade away like other satellites that I seen in my past.  Just about a couple of miles before almost entering Gulf Breeze area, this object just instantly stopped shining its lights.  This object didn't even forwardly project a beam like a headlight beam.  I seen meteorite's in my past, and those meteorites had always left behind what I call a trailing light.  The object I saw traversing didn't have this trailing light for like I said, it originally look like a satellite.  The military aircraft never ventured into the area where I saw that traversing object where it just simply disappear in a blink of an eye after viewing it for at least 30 second to a minute. Is it possible for satellites to just instantly blink out so far away from the horizon, or what I saw that night was truly an UFO possibly posing as a satellite?  I never in my past searched for UFO's in the sky, nor did I do any UFO sighting research about past sightings of them until these events occurred, and I am still seriously skeptical about UFO's reports, but the night I saw those events still has me thinking of what type of object it was that I saw traversing the night skies, and what was it that I saw motionlessly situated except for changing color pattern near the distant horizon?  Was it just a fluke incident of nature?  About a week after the incident, I looked at some star chart for that night.  All of the viewable planets were on the West side that night, and the only bright star viewable on the east side was suppose to be way down south.  I looked at the satellite charts between the hours I saw the glowing object, but I could not find any satellite that may had been traversing during those hours I saw the glowing object that instantly disappeared before my very own eyes.  I couldn't possibly be the only person who saw this object which simply vanished into nothing with the  moonlight brilliantly shining everywhere there were just too many people on the fishing bridge that night.  Well, I guess I'll never know what I saw, and it almost a year later and still I can't find any answers to what I saw that night.  What I wrote is the best that I could describe of what I saw on the night of April 12, 2003.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Star-like object  horizontally traversing low and slow in the morning sky.;2006-06-12 07:45:00;30 seconds;Star-like object  horizontally traversing low and slow in the morning sky. This may be nothing special to make a report about, but it was just a little queer and unexpected  to see in the wee  hours of the early morning what appeared to be something very similar to a large star that was bright and glittering like the sparkles of a disco ball traversing horizontally within the patchy clouds on an Eastern heading at a speed comparable to a small plane traveling low in the sky.  But then again, it may have been simply nothing more than a plane traveling East.  On June 12, 2006 at 6:45AM in the city of Pensacola, I was at work and looking out through the building's tinted windows watching the tropical storm Alberta's clouds moving parallel along the Gulf coast.  I find it interesting to watch these clouds traveling along in bands staying somewhat together as it rotates around the storm's center.  While watching these clouds, I noticed a big, bright object within the clouds   When I first saw this object, I thought it was a bright star that has yet to dim away as the sun slowly rises higher up in sky.  But that couldn't be because the sun was already up too high in the sky for any stars to be showing.  The estimated distant from my observation location to the star-like object was no more than a half a mile at the most.  I also noticed that the star-like object was moving at the speed of a small plane, and it was traveling at about the same low altitude as other planes I had seen flying though the area in the past.  In the beginning when I first spotted this star-like object,  it was hard to tell that the star-like object was moving because it was traveling East directly in the path  that the clouds were traveling West.  The intensity of the light stayed mostly the same throughout the viewing as the star-like object traveled away from me except for one moment in it's travel it appeared to shine brighter for a few seconds as though some sunlight has reflected off it.  After observing it for a about 10 seconds, I begin to think that it might be a meteorite traveling horizontally, so I calmly shouted to my coworker, Look guys... there's a meteorite!  Everybody rushed to the window and saw what I was seeing.  Then my supervisor said, It's probably just a plane.  Then another coworkers said jokingly, It might be a UFO. Then I said to my supervisor, Yea...  Your probably right.  It could be a plane. Then my boss told everyone to go to work.  I was disappointed at hearing that because I wanted to continue watching this object until it went out of view. I was only able to view it for about 30 seconds. The only time I seen a plane light up somewhat like a bright star is when it's windows reflected the sunlight for a brief moment, but still, that doesn't even come close to comparison to the star-like object's light intensity which was similar in light intensity as to arc-welding type of light. This star-like object stayed lighted up like a bright star throughout the viewing.  It could have been possible that a plane that was not painted and made of bare, shiny metal flew through the area, and the sunlight  reflected off the plane's body, and then when the plane reached a certain area in the sky, more sunlight could have momentarily reflected off the plane's window thus giving it the appearance of becoming brighter for a brief moment then returning back to it's normal brightness.  The object, in my opinion, was close enough to my observation point that I should have, at the least, been able to see a shape similar to a plane if was a plane flying in the air.  Since I could not see any details that could identify it as a plane, my assumption is it could have been anything traversing the sky.  I don't think it was a meteorite because it didn't have any flaring tail. If the object I saw was a plane, this would make it the first time I ever saw a plane stayed lit up like a star at close range while traversing the sky.  I seen planes flying through the area in the past at about the same hour,  but they never lit up like a star.  It would usually light up as to something bright white.  Whatever, I saw it, so I'm reporting it.  I'll let those who are reading this determine what I saw. It may be simply nothing to continue conversing about it.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Blinking red light;2007-12-25 19:00:00;2 minutes;On December 25, 2007, at around 7:00PM, I spotted something flying across the sky.   I was waiting in the driveway for some friends of mine to show up.  While I was waiting, I was observing this bright star ( I think it was the planet Mars that I was seeing) and some of the other stars that was shinning that night.  I noticed the moon was just beginning to rise on the horizon.  The moon was mostly hidden by some oak trees, but I could still see the moon’s light shinning through the trees.   Then I noticed a blinking red light moving in the sky near the upper left of the moon.  The red light would stay on for about 1 second and then off for 1 second as the object traveled  North in direction.   I watched it for about a minute, then I ran inside to get my Mom who I was visiting Christmas day.  We both hurried back outside, and I was able to quickly locate the object again.  She had a little difficulty at first in locating the object, but finally she was able to locate the blinking red light  in the sky.  It might have been a plane flying, but I thought a plane also had a white strobe light that flashes brilliantly off and on, not a red light for a strobe light.  Normally when I see a plane flying at night, I would see a white, strobe light flashing off and on, and red lights or green light that is continuously lit on.  The red light seem bigger in light effect than the red lights I normally see on the wing's tip of a plane. I didn’t hear any noise of any planes flying while observing the blinking red light it was just really quite outside except for when a car occasionally drives by me on the road. Maybe it was a plane flying, and if it was a plane flying, it definably didn’t have the normal lights it suppose to have to indicate that it was a plane flying.  It almost seem like it was a satellite moving across the sky, but it would have been way too low, I think, for it to be a satellite, especially blinking off and on a red light.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Light with trail that stalled.;2009-03-10 23:42:00;3 minutes;Light with trail that stalled. My husband and I were leaving the house and I noticed a tiny star I thought moving and leaving a trail.  We continued to watch it for about 3 min. and then it stalled and the trail disapated and the light went out.   We live close to gulf breeze where all the sighting were years ago by the gulf of Mexico but it was heading towards Perdido bay.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Dividing Lights Over Pensacola Beach;2010-03-15 00:00:00;5 mins;Dividing Lights Over Pensacola Beach My family, girlfriend and I were in Pensacola, Fl, for spring break with some family friends.  I had actually just had a conversation a few hours prior with our hosts about UFO sightings and prevalence in the area.  That night, my girlfriend and I were sitting on their deck enjoying a romantic evening when 5-6 lights appeared maybe 35 degrees above the horizon.  At first I dismissed it thinking that it was just a group of air planes from the nearby military base, but as we watch the lights go higher in the sky they began to divide into smaller points of light and dramatically change direction.   By now we were curious, knowing that neither of us had seen anything move so quickly and precisely in the sky before.  The lights came closer and closer and were just below cloud level when all of the darting points reconvened and assumed a linear shape.  The lights were at an angle that made it impossible to tell for sure, but it looked almost like a bent line (chevron?) as it veered north. What made it so peculiar and distinctively not an airplane was the in consistency of its movement and the way the lights divided themselves.  I’ve never seen anything like it and must say that it was certainly one of the most eye opening experiences I’ve ever had. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is not indicated by the source of the report.  We have assigned an arbitrary date, until we hear back from the witness.  PD));30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
I saw a slow moving light that went out, and then a bit later came back on, and then went  It was traveling north, high up and slow.;2010-09-05 20:56:00;1 minute;I saw a slow moving light that went out, and then a bit later came back on, and then went  It was traveling north, high up and slow. I was sitting outside at 20:56 pm on September 5, 2010 and I noticed a light traveling slowly from south to north.  I thought it was a passenger airplane and was just going to watch it.  The light was steady and bright, about as big and bright as Venus in the night sky.  It was very high up.  It suddenly went dark and I didn’t see it.  I thought that was very odd.  Then a few seconds later the light came back on.  It was still traveling south to north and at the same rate of speed.  A few seconds later it went dark again.  I watched for a few minutes but did not see it again.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Three bright lights in the sky forming straight line then triangle.;2011-08-22 22:10:00;2 minutes;Three bright lights in the sky forming straight line then triangle. While driving east on Cervantes in Pensacola, FL, I notices 3 lights in the sky to my left over Bayview park that would shine bright red in a straight line then would fade out then would re appear in the form of a triangle then would fade out then only 2 would appear.  The lights then started moving east and faded away. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
High altitude, very slow moving white light travels in half-circle then merges with another stationary white light that disappears.;2012-08-05 17:10:00;5 minutes;High altitude, very slow moving white light travels in half-circle then merges with another stationary white light that disappears. I went onto our back patio to smoke a cigarette.  I noticed what I thought at first was an aircraft, a small moving point of light in the sky.  Then I realized it must be at high altitude & therefore the light must be extremely bright.  I kept my gaze set on it soon, I noticed this light was not flying in a straight path as an airplane would.  Rather it was travelling in a curve, as though a half-circle. It was moving very slow - slower than any airplane, especially one with such high altitude, would be flying.  There was no sound of an aircraft engine at any time.  It took about 3 minutes to circle (from my left-facing to right-facing).  I then noticed another similar light which at first I reasoned could be a star I had not noticed before.  I always look to the sky when I step outside & had previously noted the position of Venus and what was possibly Sirius or Polaris to my north-facing.  I couldn't see any other stars when I had first walked outside. The first light seemed to be headed towards the new light.  They then merged to where I could only see one light.  That light then disappeared.  Although I was astounded I didn't mention this to my roommate or his girlfriend in fear they wouldn't believe me or think I was crazy.  I guarantee this is a factual account of what I witnessed & in my estimation it was certainly not a known terrestrial aircraft, star/Venus or comet.  It says don't list my name or contact info here but if this site logs my IP address I do not at all mind being contacted or further asked about this.  I listed my phone number & will have minutes available to speak with anyone on Tuesday.  I don't mind my name being released to anyone in authority that researches or investigates unidentified flying objects, however I would ask my name not be publicly published either in print or online.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Bright white light in day sky.;2012-12-03 16:40:00;<1 minute;Bright white light in day sky Saw an unusually bright object go towards the west what seemed to follow a trailing jet, saw it fade way down from a brightness way more than Venus could be seen in daylight and then saw a trail coming from it after fading to beyond naked-eye visibility.   Meanwhile I saw another one just as bright as the second one and being distracted from the other two I looked back to the other object to see if it was going to be another jet but could no longer find it anywhere.   I wish I had my binocs or camera.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
Strange light slowly moving in the night sky.  Shortly after, a helicopter and what looked like air Force aircraft ((anonymous report));2018-08-02 18:00:00;30 minutes;I saw a strange light slowly moving in the night sky.  Shortly after spotting it, a helicopter and what looked like air Force aircrafts started flying towards and past it.  Multiple aircrafts seemed to start entering the sky as if to observe the strange light or maybe distract attention away from it.  After about 30 minutes it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
It was about September 2020 I was at the water in the Fairfield me and this girl were sitting there talking and all the sudden she inte;2020-09-10 03:00:00;5 minutes;It was about September 2020 I was at the water in the Fairfield me and this girl were sitting there talking and all the sudden she interrupts me shock oh my goodness after what the matter is just repeat yourself again and ask for phone but this time I turn around to my surprise is like seven or eight likes spread across Sky evenly spaced out music to connect but there's nothing connecting him in the drifting across the sky at the same speed and not moving any further apart from each other is it getting further away the lights start to line up as I get behind them like I'm not looking at the side anymore im looking from behind the lights turn into only 1 as they align perfectly and suddenly all I saw were stars again because it was using the lights as camouflage;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
