Huge Sparkling UFO Horizontally Traverses Inside a Cloud While Emitting Light.;2006-06-12 06:45:00;2 minutes;Huge sparkling UFO Horizontally Traverses Inside a Cloud While Emitting Light. On June 12, 2006, around 6:45 AM, in the City of Pensacola, I (including at least 15 other people) saw a huge sparkling UFO traversing horizontally inside the morning clouds emitting light like a sparkler.   Because the UFO was inside the clouds, we could not actually see the shape of the UFO itself, but it appear to be of a round sparkling form about the size of a small aircraft.  None of my coworkers had any real clues to the exact identity of the UFO except just presumption without any proof.   The UFO was located just above the bottom part of the hurricane feeder cloud moving in an eastern direction against the prevailing wind.  It traversed a level course from the time I first saw it until the last time I saw it for at least two to three minutes.   Its speed is comparable to a slow flying plane, and I estimate the distant to the UFO from us to be about 1/2 a mile in distant and located above the ground at least 500 feet in altitude.   Occasionally, the UFO appeared to brighten up in sparkling light when it entered into a thin layer of clouds.   We never heard any loud noise being produced from the UFO, but the reason may be because all of us were inside behind the heavy glass windows.  I seen many planes travel into a group of clouds, and not once had I ever seen those planes sparkle.  The sighting that morning is definitely one of the oddest thing I ever seen traversing in the sky. Since that sighting, Nuforc has listed 24 sparkling sightings of interest. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
A luminous unknown object hovered over the trees, and released a separate craft before disappearing into a fog.;2018-06-07 01:45:00;10 minutes;A luminous unknown object hovered over the trees, and released a separate craft before disappearing into a fog. Pensacola, Florida, June 7,  201,8 1:45-1:55 am  I was at the intersection of US98 and S 72nd Ave, facing south at the traffic light. I saw a light behind the traffic light, and ignored it because it resembled a spot light on a helicopter, and there's much military and civilian air traffic due to nearby bases and airports. I looked again, while waiting for the green light, and noticed the distant object hadn't moved, and didn't have strobe or nav lights.  I squinted to see it better and realized it was a very strange object.  It was about 30° or less off of the horizon, and just west of due south from my location. I turned right instead, to get closer to the object. I pulled into a parking lot at 7575 W Hwy 98, and was directly north of the object.  The area it was over was mostly wooded, I was afraid if i drove any closer I might miss it. At this point it was nearly 45-60° overhead, and was extremely bright.  It was the size of a fingernail at arm's length, it was a clear sky and no reference point made it difficult to discern the size.  My best guess is that it was a 1-2 thousand feet away, and appeared to be between the size of a car and a bus, but i really don't know for sure.  It was smaller than a full moon, maybe 60% of that size. I jumped out of the car and immediately took a cell phone video, but could see the aperture was too small on the cheap camera and there wasn't enough light to see it on the screen.  I tried taking several unsuccessful still shots, but it was still too dim/small, and didn't show up.  I gave up after 3 shots, and focused instead on observing the object. It wobbled around, much like a top but very small movements.  It also seemed tethered because it stayed in one spot while wobbling. The colors were hard to determine because of the luminosity of the surface, and also there were dark areas that seemed to indicate it was rotating.  It was mostly yellow/orange/pink, the dark areas seemed blue or green, but they were distant and moving. It was shaped almost exactly like a queen's crown, it was rounded like a muffin on top, but had a ring underneath, like the headband on a crown.  There may have been something on top, like a point, or it may have been light glare from the object.  The dark areas were on the sides, like panels or windows. I considered it may have been a Chinese lantern, or maybe a quad copter, or some type of prank drone. It was totally silent, I have heard how noisy drones typically are. I started to shout at it after a minute or two, to see if it would do anything.  Maybe a minute later, a very bright red light just appeared on the 10:00 position of the object, it was a pinpoint of intense really red light.  Astonished, I began to flash my phone flashlight off and on at the object. The red light grew upwards into a equally bright red line, like a car antenna popping up.  The line was no bigger than the object itself.  It remained a line for maybe 30-60 seconds.  Afterwards, it retracted upwards to return to a single point of light, now with more space between the original object and the red light, but still very close. It remained stationary, when suddenly the objects drifted south.  As the objects started to move they looked like they went into a thick, invisible fog.  There was no cloud, they just vanished/faded into a smoky oblivion.  The entire process was about 10 minutes or less.;30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
I felt violated.  ((anonymous report));2018-06-10 07:23:00;1-2 minutes;I felt violated My father and I were driving down Main Street when suddenly, a cylinder like craft appeared out of the sky.  It had a sleek, oval like body with 2 spherical engines at the back. It stopped for a split second and the oval part turned toward us and shot out white beams at us from the front.  It then turned away and the engines seemed to go into afterburner mode and took off into the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact  information.  PD));30.4486742857143;-87.2573950649349
