Through telescope,observed amoeba or translucent object containing lights of blue red and white.Seemed distorted though could not see t;1997-05-03 21:03:00;10 seconds;Summary : Through telescope,observed amoeba or translucent object containing lights of blue red and white.Seemed distorted though could not see through it Observing Mars through C-8 telescope and 30mm eye piece when an object came into view.  I immediately thought it was odd and tracked it through the eye piece.  It must have been heading roughly due north since I only adjusted declination to track it. It appeared to be like an amoeba containing lights of red, blue and white.  It seemed there was distortion and the lights varied in position as if mildly bouncing yet constrained by individual points and still all part of the same object.  That described distortion was nothing like atmospheric and since I spotted the polar ice cap and terrain colors in a town near Houston, it seems odd.  I knew I was seeing something extraordinary and allowed my wife to look into the eye piece as I spun the declination knob at an appropriate speed.  Apparently I had only captured part of the object since she described the end section I had described plus a disc of lights numbering a dozen, half circle of red and half blue with two white lights!opposite each other outside of the circle.  Further, there were two fainter lights inside the circle and one outside towards the trailing section.  She reported sharper detail in some of the lights.  I moved back to view and had lost the object.  I scanned and found nothing.  We looked to the sky and saw nothing.  There was no noise.  We only got a few seconds each to look at it.  I’m sorry I let my wife look since I may have been able to track it longer and get a better look.  I spent the rest of the evening tracking airplanes and could not get the same results.  I later heard of sightings like this with terms like jellyfish and translucent which prompted me to report that I think I’ve seen the same thing.  I wish I could have had a better look.Observers:  ((Name deleted)) financial analyst, amateur astronomer and photgrapher. ((Name deleted)) book keeperWitness to observersName deleted)) home loan mortgage processor;29.6274243902439;-95.5783536585366
