The craft was oval shaped, with lights rotating in the middle of it and a green alien with bulging black eyes.;1990-10-14 21:00:00;4 minutes;The craft was oval shaped, with lights rotating in the middle of it and a green alien with bulging black eyes. It was Mid-October 1990, I was thirteen years old and was on the phone with a friend when my father came in my room and told me that I needed to feed our dog, which stayed outside. It was around 9:00 p.m. I got the dog food and went to do the chore quickly so I could get back on the phone. It was a clear and cool night. While walking to feed the dog I noticed how beautiful the sky and stars were. I bent down to pour the food out into the dog dish as I stood up, I noticed this oval shaped flying object that had green and red lights circling in the middle. There were windows in the craft where I actually seen a green figure with a huge head and big bulging black eyes. This figure is just like what is reported in most alien sightings. This is how I know that I am not crazy. I seen this way before people went Area 51 crazy like they did in the late 90’s. The craft was flying extremely low across a field. After staring at it for about 2-3 minutes, the curiosity left and fear took over because it noticed me and started coming my way. I ran straight toward the house. As I approached the steps I looked back as the craft quickly went backwards out of sight. I was upset and got my parents to walk out to see maybe they could see it. They did not get to, it was gone. I knew what I seen. If you tell people this story they think you are making it up. After almost 18 years, I think about the sighting often and have a lot of questions. This sighting happened in Reidsville, GA. I could understand how people would feel this story is far fetched because if I would not have seen it, believing it  would be difficult, especially since I am almost a 31 year old man. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));32.0508;-82.1474
