Three huge, low flying, slowly moving chevron shaped objects with lights along the underneath sides.;2004-02-10 21:00:00;5 minutes;Three huge, low flying, slowly moving chevron shaped objects with lights along the underneath sides. On approximately February 10, 2004, at approximately 21:00, I was sitting in the backyard at my home when a low flying object began entering my field of vision.  It was flying from the NW to the SE.  I was moving extremely slowly and began to obscure a large portion of the night sky.  When it came more fully into view it appeared to be the size of 2 to several football fields.  There were lights along the sides of the object on the underneath side.  Or at least that  is how it appeared. I was viewing it from the ground to its underneath side.  It moved so slowly that it was eerie.  Also, it was so quiet that it seemed to consume all sound as it progressed in its path.  I immediately went into my home and called my son out to see it.  By the time I got back outside and my son joined me (just seconds), two identical objects came into view.  They were flanking the lead object - or grouping of lights - to its port and aft positions and a little behind it. The pr! ecision of the formation was remarkable. The night was clear, and the sky was full of stars.  The 3 objects almost completely filled the sky in a 45 degree vertical sightline and a 180 degree horizontal sightline.  They were huge and completely silent.  For the next 2 - 4 minutes, my son and I watched as they continued flying over the horizon of surrounding homes.  They continued to proceed at the same height and speed until they were out of our sight.  However, as they were almost out of sight, my son recalls that the sides of the objects appeared to undulate, in a similar manner as a bird flapping its wings a little.  They appeared to be flying so low that I could imagine being able to reach them by firing a rifle, if I shot up vertically when they flew over.  The stars were obscured as they flew over us,  and the stars could be seen again as the objects passed.  I did not report this before, as I did not know to whom to report it, did not know if anyone would care, and wa! s afraid of ridicule. I am reporting it now because I saw a show that featured the Phoenix, AZ, lights.  The descriptions of the Phoenix Lights were very close to that which my son and I observed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));36.0363179775281;-95.786031460674
