Large craft hovering within 75 feet of us, emitted glowing ball before taking off at amazing speed!;1981-11-20 20:00:00;5 minutes;Large craft hovering within 75 feet of us, emitted glowing ball before taking off at amazing speed! A friend and I were walking home on a new street built through a dark field between two new subdivisions.  The stars were very visible, so we were looking at them when we noticed a brighter one, very visible, that seemed to be moving in a linear fashion.  It could have been something very normal, but as we watched, a smaller light seemed to emerge from the brighter light, flying straight down from it, then turning at a right angle to continue flying. We thought this was pretty strange, but what happened next still frightens me! My friend yelled at me to turn and look behind us.  We couldn’t believe it, but there was some sort of flat-bottomed craft hovering maybe 30 feet or so above a telephone pole that was about 50 feet away from us!  I remember that it was hovering at just about double the height of the pole.  It was so close that we felt that it must be observing us, since we were the only people out in the deserted field at this hour.  We ducked into the low underbrush beside the street for cover and continued to watch. It surprised me that it was not brightly lit, although it seemed that some sort of soft light might have been coming from the top of the craft, because I could make out the outline of the craft in the dark sky.  It seemed to be a little more that 25 to 30 feet in diameter, which was easy to estimate, given its proximity to both of us and also to the telephone pole.  It had a somewhat oval shape, not quite round.  The lights from our subdivision illuminated the bottom of the craft well enough for me to just make out some sort of protruding cube-like structures on the bottom of the craft, and possibly something that looked like ductwork. Later, I realized that the texture of the bottom resembled the flat top of an apartment building, turned upside down. It hovered for quite some time, and it did have a sort of windy, whistling hum to it, but no engine sounds. We really felt threatened, or at least observed, and continued to hide and decide what we should do, feeling quite panicky. We were frantically taking notes together, blurting out the things that we noticed, confirming that it was really happening.  Finally, the craft started slowly moving at the same low altitude to the east, toward the subdivision where we both lived.  We then felt brave enough to stand up, out of the brush, and follow it on foot, since it seemed to be departing.  We followed for a few seconds, then suddenly it zoomed off at incredible speed, disappearing to the east.  All of this with no increased noise. My friend told me to look to our right just as it left, and we both saw a glowing greenish ball of light, electrical looking, float gently to the ground and disappear just a few feet away from us. I understand why people would be skeptical about many of the sightings reported, but obviously, they have never seen this type of craft at such close range.  It did not behave in any fashion according to the technology that we had in 1981, or even still.  And the other craft, further out in the night sky, were also unexplainable. And then there’s that glowing ball of light. We were both very intelligent honor roll students in the 10th grade at the time, and very credible people who just happened to be in the right (or wrong) place at the right time. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.0363179775281;-95.786031460674
2 Orangish/Red/Yellow Oval Objects hovering over a Broken Arrow, OK residential district.;2013-10-24 21:00:00;15 minutes;2 Orangish/Red/Yellow Oval Objects hovering over a Broken Arrow, OK, residential district. I was on my way home from the local Library. I observed 2 orange objects hovering over a residential neighborhood. I thought they were Halloween Kites or remote control toys because it was Halloween and reasonable weather for kids/teens to be outside, although rare to see activity at this time of night in this part of the city.  I also thought they could be Street Lights within the neighborhood, but they were too high and orange...wrong color for street lights. I was on the phone with my son and told him I was going to pull into the neighborhood to verify what I was seeing.  I was astounded!  Absolutely no noise, no movement.  The objects change color only slightly from orange to orangish-red, then back to a orange/yellow mix as if to blend in with the street lights.  I stopped my car in the middle of the street, looked for my camcorder in the car and trunk.  Had kept it in my car for 2 weeks, but remembered I left it at home to charge the battery!  As I searche! d for it, I continued to peer up at the objects to insure I wasn't seeing things, all the while, discussing this with my son on the phone.  Not 1 car pulled into the neighborhood. I attempted to flag down a few cars on the main road but few were out and none responded.  I pointed to the sky and just as I decided to knock on a house door, the objects began moving.  There was no sound whatsoever.  They were approx. 150-200feet up and approximately 50-100ft.apart from each other.  They moved in unison laterally for about 100ft.,very slowly and methodically and then began an upward ascent in the same manner. Crossing over the main road heading south, southwest.  I didn't knock on anyone's door because this area is so quiet and didn't think anyone would believe me anyway.  Actually, was concerned they'd call the police, which in hindsight would have been appropriate but as I leaned against my car, frustrated no witnesses, no one noticing them, nothing on the radio reporting this sight! , the objects had moved away to a point not real visible from ! my car. They began to blend in with the night sky and I watched them fade away and blend in as if they were just another star in the sky!! I thought of calling the Airport or local News, but felt it was too late.  I listened for the next 2 months to Coast to Coast and now reports are coming in of these same type objects in various states. I also hear that Amazon has been testing Drones, so maybe that's what these were. I took my cousin back to the same area the next night at the same time thinking if it was kids an kites they'd most likely be out again since it was a Friday night, with no school the next day.  Nothing, absolutely no sign of any activity, kids, kites, nor Drones.  I am a Retired Postal Service Clerk and my son has an MBA in Finance. I told others about this incident and it does not surprise anyone. Seems most have given up caring...just gonna live as well and peaceful and happy as they can while waiting for the End Times to Arrive. Not a bad philosophy, but I intend ! to fight on and for the side of Good, not ready to surrender to Evil just yet.  Not that UFO's are necessarily Evil, but possibly those behind these drones and/or technology may very well be operating from a Dark Side.  Thank-you for the opportunity to report this!;36.0363179775281;-95.786031460674
