Strange red, white, and blue color changing, fast moving, ball of light!;2014-03-20 20:30:00;5 minutes;Strange red, white, and blue color changing, fast moving, ball of light! I was sitting in my car outside my house listening to music when I heard my dad screaming my name frantically.  He was walking the dog and I thought he was upset about the volume of my music, so I lowered it.  He approached my car continuing to call my name.   When I got out of the car he was pointing in the sky and asked me if I had ever seen anything like this before.  Well, no, I hadn't!  I can describe this object as a drifting ball of light changing colors and changing speeds.   It turned from white, to red, to blue and would dart quickly across the sky the slow down and simply drift up and down.  I called my sister and her boyfriend outside to check it out and attempted to take video footage using my cell phone.   I caught about the last 60 seconds of the strange occurrence, unfortunately I didn't capture footage off the fast movements but just the drifting and changing of colors.  My sister and her boyfriend only briefly witnessed the object. I'm 26 years old and I have never seen anything like this in the sky before.  I have never believed in these things before because I used to watch a show called Paranormal Fact or Faked and they were usually able to disprove these things as a hoax.  With that said, my father and I were baffled and I really hope someone else witnessed this occurrence last night.;26.2832;-80.1798
Very white, bright circular light, perfectly still.  Approximately 40-50 feet in the air.  Lasted 45 minutes and suddenly vanished.;2017-04-29 20:10:00;45 minutes;Very white, bright circular light, perfectly still.  Approximately 40-50 feet in the air.  Lasted 45 minutes and suddenly vanished. I was on our patio watching a movie on my laptop, when I noticed a  bright white appear over the trees on the other side of the lake.  I thought it was just an airliner taking off.  Not giving it any more thought I continued to watch the movie.  A few minutes later I glanced over to where I saw the light and noticed it was still there.  It was bigger and brighter than before. I stopped the video so that I could observe this light.  It didn’t move at all. It was hard to make out the shape, but if I had to guess I would say that it was circular.  The light was to high and to bright to be a street light and the moon was crescent shaped and pale yellow.  I got my cellphone and took a photo of it.  About 30 minutes later, it was gone.  I was watching it and it just disappeared.;26.2832;-80.1798
