4 pinpoint lights in the sky that looked like satellites but exhibited unusual movements not characteristic with satellites.;2002-05-25 23:00:00;40+minutes;4 pinpoint lights in the sky that looked like satellites but exhibited unusual movements not characteristic with satellites. 4 lights shapped like stars. 3 yellow with 1 in the middle that was bright blue and blinking fast. They moved in perfect formation spread accross the sky starting from the East and moving West. They were spread out starting from the left -- yellow, yellow, bright blue, yellow. Between the first yellow one, to the second yellow one was a far distance, but the distance between the second yellow one and the bright blue one was less, and then there was the same distance between the bright blue one and the last yellow one. They made small to large movements -- some slow, some very fast. Sometimes they would make fast changes in direction. I couldn't believe my eyes. Its exactly as I had read and seen in descriptions. Lake Isabella is surrounded by mountains and near Edwards air force base. I don't have any real credentials other than that I'm a software engineer working in SV. I just happended to be at the right place, at the right time and something happended that I never thought would -- at least not in my life-time -- glad it did though, it settled a lot of skepticism that I had. note: the above was experienced and typed by a co-worker who wants to remain annonymous.  An additional comment on what he told me was that the lights also made fast loops and sometimes slow loops.  All movements were all in perfect unison with the others.  The blue light was a piercing bright strobe. ((NUFORC Note:  Our first guess would have been that the witness might have been looking at advertising lights, but the difference in colors, and the bright blue light, seem to rule out that possibility.  We do not know what the witness observed.  PD));35.669;-118.457
Big bright star dropped 3 little lights then flew away.;2012-06-24 02:30:00;50 seconds to a minute;Big bright star dropped 3 little lights then flew away. It was about 2:30 in the morning on the 24th of June.  I say a light appear in the sky to the southwest so I looked up all that I saw was stars and one really big bright star.  I figured I saw nothing about 10 seconds later I looked back at the bright star to notice a small dull light appear below it then it started moving north.  I told my friends to come look at it.   Maybe 2 seconds later another small light appeared just under where the first one appeared and started on the same direction.  Then another appeared just above the big bright star that started on the same path.  Me and three of my friends watched for maybe 20 seconds as the lights moved together at a slow speed when we noticed the big bright star move to the south at a little bit of a faster pace then the others.   The bright light moved across the sky for another 20 seconds then stopped the move pack southwest and up and disappeared in less then a second. Side note about 10 seconds before I saw the light the radio station turned off didn't turn back on for the rest of the night.   At the same time the radio turned off the baby started crying like I have never heard him do before then as soon as the light dissipated he fell to sleep.;35.669;-118.457
