3 extremely bright metallic strobe- like flashing objects with a spot light effect on the ground and objects below and a grounded so;2002-10-04 01:00:00;3 + hours;3 extremely bright metallic strobe- like flashing objects with a spot light effect on the ground and objects below and a grounded so I noticed 3 flashing bright lights, almost metallic flash in appearance. I was not overly suspicious intially, however, when I walked past my large bedroom window nearly an hour later, the 3 objects were still in a holding pattern and had not moved much.  My curiosity took hold and I continued to watch these objects more closely, noticing slight vertical movement and some side to side, as well as a turning motion, detectable by a spot light appearance that was easy to follow.  You could visibly see the beam of light it cast on the tall pine trees, and other objects it hightlighted as the light moved around on the ground.  I made my husband, whom has aa pilot's license, take a look at what I was watching. He is comfortalble with his knowledge about aircraft and the type and colors of lights used and he was not sure what it was...??? He said, jokingly, maybe the Airforce has Stealth's out doing training missions, and decided not to let this mind go crazy with what he witnessed. These three objects also cast a large triangle spot -light image together, as well as alternating red and white flashing lights.  These objects continued to hover but noticeably moving about mainly an up and down pattern.  I couln't believe what I saw next.  It looked fairly close in proximity, however it was grounded or in the tree-line but definately not up in the air.  Viewing what I would describe as some kind of communicating, interacting, or transfering of energy, or light, or light source, electricity, or something.  They were responding only one at a time with the ground source with flashing, mirror like explosions of light with the ground source giving off an orangish, red but yet silvery strobe bright light that was visible for miles.  After this went on for 30 min or better, the object seemed playful in moving around a bit more in relevence to distance moving.  Then if slowly ascended into the southeast rising higher and higher, I was very amazed an unsure of what exactly I was wathching, and before I went to bed I took note of how the other 2 objects were still flashing and spinning slightly, and I noticed they had remained pretty stationary, with a slight pull towards the place of the prior object.  I wish I could have waited this whole ordeal out.… ((NUFORC Note:  We are baffled by this report.  Ordinarily, we would first suspect the witness was observing twinkling stars, but if the one object did, in fact, rise and drift off, at least that object was not a star.  PD));39.3836;-104.592
