Mysterious black rectangular object in the North Charleston sky.;2009-11-01 17:00:00;15 minutes;Mysterious black rectangular object in the North Charleston sky. Hi, I'm an area manager for a small chain of stores in Mt. Pleasant and Charleston County, SC.  Well yesterday, 11-1-09, I was driving home to North Charleston from one of our stores loacted in Mt. Pleasant.  I always take the 526 home to North Charleston.  It was just before sunset yesterday and as I was driving I saw the strangest thing in the sky.  It looked like a black rectangular object that wasn't moving, way up in the sky against the clouds.  I thought what the heck is that? and had to keep driving but I did slow down some.  There is no safe place to pull off the road once on the 526.  Well I kept watching it and watching it as I drove.  I believe I saw another craft of some sort up way, way above it and to the right of it and this smaller, harder to see craft may have been plane shaped.  I began to think things.  I thought that maybe there was a helicopter or plane towing something. But I really didn't see a tow chain or rope of any kind between the two, but that's what it looked like.  Now my immagination went wild and I want to say it reminded me of the Star Trek Enterprise pulling the borg cube with a tractor beam! Seriously, I thought well there must be a logical explanation.  I thought the airforce might have been doing some scientific experiment and may have dropped or pulled something from behind a plane or helicopter as a weather/wind experiment or something like that.  I thought well maybe one of those planes that pull an advertisement sign behind it like those I see off the beach when I go to Daytona. I just don't know anything.  Now I want to believe that it was a spaceship from outerspace with extraterrestrials on it.  I really, really do!  All I really know for sure however is that I saw something in the sky that didn't seem to be moving at first, like a black, rectangular window against the white clouds way high up that day.  Then I saw the other thing, the maybe plane shaped craft.  Now the black object either turned and narrowed, or as I drove foreward I saw from a different angle and it narrowed.  I believe they started to slowly move and eventually I lost sight of them because I entered into my own neighborhood and trees blocked any further view of them.   As soon as I got home yesterday I wrote to MUFON and a representative from MUFON called me last night.  Today I told my boss about the incident and I even tried to contact the Charleston Airforce base to ask if they had anything unusual or unexplained on their radar over North Charleston yesterday, but I cou! ldn't find an e-mail addy that would do any good.  I watched and looked at the thing for a good fifteen minutes on my way home on this 526.  There were plenty of other cars on the road and I'm surprised nobody else noticed, if they did, they didn't post a report about it.  Well I'm a definate believer.  I'm convinced!  I am not a skeptic.  I believe in UFOs and in extraterrestrial life.  I've seen too much not to be a believer.  I sure intend to keep on watching the sky!;32.8883346153845;-80.0313269230768
Bright white square-shaped craft with rounded corners and silver band hovers silently then disappears.;2020-11-06 15:30:00;2 minutes;Bright white square-shaped craft with rounded corners and silver band hovers silently then disappears. Broad daylight, blue sky. 200 yards away. I saw one very bright white square shaped ufo. The shape was more like a thick square that had been flattened a little and the corners were slightly rounded. There was a silver band at the midpoint or just below. It hovered, hanging silently in the air. I turned my head away for 3 seconds to see if anyone else was seeing it. When I turned back, it was gone, I mean gone. I searched the skies but it was nowhere. I was close enough to see it was not a balloon or a drone. I had seen this thing and no one will ever tell me I didn’t. And I will never deny seeing it.;32.8883346153845;-80.0313269230768
