I am responding to your recent new web posting of a bizarre object sighting by the Aerospace Engineer on Wednesday afternoon of July;2001-02-01 18:00:00;10 Minutes;I am responding to your recent new web posting of a bizarre object sighting by the Aerospace Engineer on Wednesday afternoon of July 13, 2005.   The young man is from Seattle.  He provided a really good drawing of what he observed with a halo around the object.  Incredibally, this object is very similar to the object I reported seeing on your web site from Bowling Green, Kentucky, back on July 24, 2001.   Shockingly, the drawing is what took me back to remember that strange night.  Yes, this object he saw is very much like the object we saw that dark night through a pair of binoculars.   Our object too had a halo around it, and it was somewhat diamond/kite shaped.  This object we saw had a purple color to it, and it also glowed really bright in the sky.  It did appear as a really bright fireball until we used the binoculars to get a closer look.  All three of us witnesses saw the same thing.   What these things are I don't know.  But I do know that they are REAL, and still being observed in the skies of Warren/Simpson Counties here in Kentucky even today.  Friends of mine have seen them.  They look like large fireballs which move around at times.  Smaller bright objects also have been observed flying close to these larger fireball ones too.   This story is no lie.  It is the truth, and I propose that the Seattle man is telling us the truth about his sighting too. Thank You!   JG ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
i seen a space craft that was hovering an then it faded away  it didn't hide behind anythin.;2004-02-20 22:55:00;minutes;i seen a space craft that was hovering an then it faded away  it didn't hide behind anythin. i was driving on natcher parkway an looked over to the left in front of country oven bakery an seen weird lights hovering over university estates subdivision it was diamond shaped but more rounded it was covered in lights as i drove down the interstate the lights went up then a little downward then it just faded away not flew or lifted off just faded i called several people but people thought i was joking i was on a cell phone.didn't have a  number to call anyone. seen this on the net so i filled it out.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
I am a graduate student at Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green.  I was on my way to an evening class.  I exited Cumberland Par;2004-12-02 16:30:00;20 minutes;I am a graduate student at Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green.  I was on my way to an evening class.  I exited Cumberland Parkway onto I-64 ((CORRECTION BELOW:  I-65)), about 15 miles north of Bowling Green (or 75 miles north of Nashville).  I was travelling westbound on this 6 lane stretch of highwayit is  generally a N/S highway but this stretch from the Mammoth Cave Area to BG is east/west traffic was moderate.  I saw in the sky in front of me what looked like three military jets.  There is often air traffic from Fort Campbell to the west.  The three planes were close together, but all three seemed to be going in different directions.  They were about 1/4 to 1/3 up from the horizon. Because they were low in the late afternoon sky it looked like they were illuminated by the sun.  It was a mostly sunny day.  Two of the objects looked like planes moving directly away from me, i.e. also travelling westbound, because they looked like little reflective, vaguely diamond shaped points of light.  As represented by the scale of my hand at arm's length from my face, the appeared to be about the size of wooden matchheads, about 10 inches apart, and both at the same height  the third object just looked like a short contrail line (maybe 1 inch long on that same scale, in a horizontal plane, and appearing to be moving to the north, VERY SLOWLY.  They were quite distinct and quite bright.  I thought little of it, but the odd thing was that they seemed to be together, yet going in three directions.  Actually, the two  diamond objects, I observed, did not seem to be moving at all, but the line object was moving to the right, ever so slowly.  They were directly in front of me and quite bright, thus easy to watch continuously.  After about 10 minutes the diamonds still had not moved, but now the line, which didn't change shape, started moving back towards the diamonds.  After 10 minutes I knew that this was something that I could not explain.  I did notice that the objects were beginning to set like planets or stars.  Perhaps they were satellites, but were very fixed, except for the line one. After about 20 minutes, I stopped at a rest area right before my exit, to see if I could talk to someone else about this phenomenon, or corroborate what I saw.  I asked one man, and he noticed it and saw it for a long time as well.  I also asked a trucker and he hadn't noticed it.  By this time it was getting close to sunset, and the objects were too low in the sky to see.  When I got to class, the professor was tardy and I took the opportunity to ask my fellow students if any of them had seen it.  Only one man, who came along the same route, saw exactly the same thing that I described, although he though that the thin line object was spinning.  He also agreed that the two diamond objects were in a fixed relationship, the one to the other, while the other object moved back and forth.  Does anybody have any explanation for this? ((CORRECTION FROM WITNESS)) Correction to my entry - I-65 and not I-64 Was listening to your show tonight and checked an old entry I made.  There is one typo.  The road is I-65 and not I-64. ((END CORRECTION));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
