Strange Witness Encounter: Famous Shootdown of US Aircraft by UFO;1992-04-16 12:00:00;1 hour;Strange Witness Encounter: Famous Shootdown of US Aircraft by UFO I am sending you this message to report a very strange encounter that took place at the place where I work regarding the now famously reported shootdown of a P-51 Mustang USAF aircraft, or some other military aircraft, back in 1948? by a UFO.  I think the downed pilot was named Mentel if I can remember correctly.  This UFO shootdown supposedly occured over, or near, Simpson County Kentucky.  Back in 1992 I had never even heard of this story before, so I at first dismissed it all as a silly hoax.  So here is the story.  As I was working one day an older man and woman came in to my workplace and asked me for any information that I could provide to them related to the possible location of the crash site of a P-51 Mustang aircraft etc. which had crashed back in 1948? near Simpson County, Kentucky.  These two people did act very strangely, and were very secretive at first.  They seemed to be looking around the room in my workplace a lot for some odd reason.  I asked them what the crash was related to, and the man frankly told me that the crashed plane that he wanted to locate was shot down by a very large flying disk, or UFO.  I at first considered this man and woman to be some sort of pranksters.  So I proceded to ask the man how that he knew that this story was true.  Also, I told him that the US Military had probably already retrieved the downed aircraft a long time ago anyway.  Yet, he persisted and then told me an astonishing story-true or untrue.  The man informed me that he was a good friend of the pilot that was shot from the sky that day back in 1948?.  He told me that he was flying in formation with Mentel that day and witnessed the whole incident.  He said that he saw the object very clearly himself, and it was no balloon or anything like that.  The man indicated that it was indeed a very large and bright flying disk that he saw.  Strangely, he also said that he even saw the beam of light come out from the UFO that destroyed the military aircraft.  I told him that I would have to look in some older newspaper journals etc. and see if I could find him any material related to this subject.  He gave me his e-mail address and they both left.  I still thought this might be an elaborate hoax or prank.  Later on though I read in a UFO book that some sort of incident like this DID supposedly happen back in 1948? or so.  Needless to say I was a little bit shocked.  Could this man have been telling me the TRUTH about a very strange incident like this?  I tried to e-mail this man and woman in Indiana with this new information I found for them.  Yet, I never received a reply back from them.  Later on I found out that nobody with their names given to me even lived in Indiana.  Who were these people?  This story seems really creepy to me now after the encounter.  I don't know if their story is true or untrue, but it makes one wonder though.  Hoax, or no hoax, this story is somewhat interesting and odd.  We can only speculate as to it's accuracy.  I thought you might like to read this.  Thank you.----JG ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
Disc shaped object over KY skies no lights or sounds and plainly visible that it wasn't convensional aircraft.;1993-08-20 12:30:00;40 seconds;Disc shaped object over KY skies no lights or sounds and plainly visible that it wasn't convensional aircraft. I am only writing this because I have kept this a secret for almost 10 years now. I don't care who actually believes what I have seen but I have to let this out now. I was asleep beside a window on a second story. From where I lay I can see 3/4 of the sky and the other part was blocked by a green leafy tree like an oak. The apartment is in the city and lights from the city stop you from seeing any stars that arent bright. I woke up and looked out the window and froze. I saw what appeard to be a perfectly smooth disc. There were no lights on it like many people see only the light from the city reflecting off the bottom. I thought a baloon or an aircraft but I was shortly proven wrong. The object stayed only in my view as if I were meant to see it theres no other way for me to explain it. That fact alone scared me stiff because its altitude wasn't very high only within a few thousand feet maybe two football field lengths no more than 3. It moved from right to left in a line then up to the top of my view and then back down as if it had made an L movement. It stopped and lowered quite a bit. The disc got larger and then it rose back up, higher this time. It made a last move to the top of my view and back down then back toward the country side at the right of my view where it had started from originally. I was frozen completely through the duration and couldn't speak above a whisper. I had tried to wake my brother up but I couldn't speak. Through the whole incident there was not a single sound from the object. When it left I was unfrozen and then immediately jumped from my bed across the small room to my brothers bed and woke him up. I told him I had seen a UFO. He believed me and quickly we ran down stairs and out on the lawn to see if it would return. It never did. Wether it was extraterestrial or military I don't know. It seemed to be practicing manuvering more than traveling to a destination. Even though it has been so long, I can still draw the exact portrait of what I saw. I will never forget it as l! ong as I live yet maybe now I can rest easier. If you would like to ask me more I guess you can find me. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
Random flashing lights.Good description.Within 2-3 stories overhead. Saucer with lights and windows.;2008-04-13 04:30:00;1 hour;Random flashing lights.Good description.Within 2-3 stories overhead. Saucer with lights and windows. I saw flashing lights pretty far off in distance.  It was flashing randomly, no type of pattern.  It would flash rapidly or slowly or not even flash for 10-20 seconds at a time, it was very random. I watched it for about 3-4 minutes moving from one place in the sky to another in a back and forth motion.  I ran down stairs to get my camera, which took approximately 30-40 seconds.  By the time I got back it was practically above my head.  Unfortunately I was unable to get video of the object because I froze in shock watching the object.  I did not expect it to be so close.  It was about two to three stories overhead and about two closely neighboring houses down.  It made no sound and for an object that close and as visible as it was, it was unlike anything else.  At this point it hovered slowly in an up and down motion almost like a zigzag.  It was in view for about 30 seconds until it went past my roof and above the house.  The flashing light was in the middle of the metallic like object. I saw a saucer in shape and it clearly had dark windows all the way around the side I viewed.  It was not very big. It was less than 20 ft. wide.  I went to the front window of the house to see if it passed by but I saw nothing.  About 45 minutes later I looked out the back window again and saw flashing lights in the opposite side of the sky as before.  This time it was about 5:15am and it was all over the sky.  It moved very quickly and in far distances in a short amount of time, unlike before when it was moving slowly.  Almost like it was having its last of fun before the sun came up.  About 5:30am the sun was rising and the light became more faint just as the stars did.  It was above a tree that has not yet formed leaves so I could see the object as it moved straight down behind this tree and that was the last I saw of it.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
Flying disk-shaped object seen traveling in a straight line;2010-06-25 15:00:00;five minutes;Flying disk-shaped object seen traveling in a straight line I'm sorry but my computer would not let me do the copy and paste.  I live a short distance from where this incident took place.  This is my report, and I am an expert U.S. Government typist.   On Friday,  June 25, 2010, at around 3:00 PM, I was in town doing some shopping at our local Kroger store on the Scottsville Road.  The day was clear, hot, and humid.  When I came out of the Kroger store I saw a man in the parking lot looking up into the sky, so I decided to have a look for myself.  We both saw to our amazement what looked like a flying disk or saucer-type object traveling straight across the sky.   At first I dismissed it as a balloon, but the longer I watched it I began to wonder exactly what it was that we were seeing.  The object was large, and looked to be twice the size of an automobile.  There were no other around either.  It was about a mile away as close as I could tell.  The object was disk-shaped and was a very shiny silver color.  There looked t! o be indentations or lights around the edges of the object as well.  The main reasons I began to truly wonder if it was a balloon was these.  The object traveled in a very straight path line where as a balloon would wobble up and down and not fly in a straight formation.  As the silver object flew it tilted from one side to the other about a mile apart each time as if showing off.  First it tilted and flew sideways with its top showing, and then it would tilt again and fly sideways with the bottom showing.  The object repeatedly  did this over and over again the whole fives minutes I watched it.  If it was a craft it may have been going out of control.  There were no streamers of markings on, or attached, to the object like a balloon would have either.  It continued flying along at the same altitude.  I put my groceries inside my car, and then looked back up and the object was gone.  I think it may have went behind some cloud cover or fell somewhere.  This may be a coincide! nce, but shortly after as I was traveling home on the Scottsvi! lle Road their was a traffic jam or something holding up the traffic.  Finally we came upon a large semi truck that was stopped dead in the road.  To make it seem weird there was nothing visible wrong with the truck, and I could not a see any truck drivers either.  No other vehicles were damaged either.  There were close to seven police cars that just simply had this truck surrounded, and the roadway cordoned off.  Amazingly, the truck was in a direct path as to where the mysterius disk-shaped object would have traveled over.  Did he see it and stop?  Did something crash?  I don't know.  Did anyone else see this object besides us?  Did the object stop the engine of the truck?  I wonder now.   Anyway, that's my report.   I am a Christian, and this sighting is true and accurate to the best of my ability.   If anyone else saw this object I would love to know about it.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
We seen it fly over the road we was driving on then it hovered above a field.  It was so bright.  It just sat still for a minute.;2016-10-20 03:30:00;5 minutes;We seen it fly over the road we was driving on then it hovered above a field.  It was so bright.  It just sat still for a minute or so then went backwards the way it came from, very fast, then dropped down behind some trees.  It was huge and so bright.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
