JFK FIGURE SEEN IN OUR WAL-MART;1982-07-23 01:00:00;20 - Seconds;JFK FIGURE SEEN IN OUR WAL-MART My story is amazing to say the least, and you probably will not believe it and discard it, but it is very true.  It is the God's truth if I ever told it.  Another witness saw the same thing as I did at the same time that day.  I have waited for many years to offer this report to somebody, somewhere, anybody, who will hopefully understand where I am coming from.  No we are not crazy nor were we drinking.  I work for the U.S. Government now and I still today cannot comprehend exactly what we saw that day.  Years ago I worked in a Wal-Mart store as a Sales Manager, and one day I saw something inside that store that shocked me terribly, and that I shall never ever forget.  It still haunts and puzzles me today.  Neither will my other witness that I shall call JM.  JM was a Sales Manager for Wal-Mart like I was, and we were both standing inside our Wal-Mart store at around 1:00 PM after lunch when all of a sudden an older man, in his late sixties to early seventies, walked directly between us and never said a word.  He just stared at us both.  He had grey hair and wore a redish plaid shirt of some kind.  JM and I just stood there shocked at what we saw, and when I tell you what we saw you will be shocked too.  We both just stared at him and our jaws were dropped open wide.  You see, this man looked exactly like an older President John F. Kennedy.  We both saw it for ourselves.  But that wasn't what shocked us the most.  The man had a long scar running all the way down the right side of his face and into his skull.  This whatever had been shot or injured with a huge wound all the way around the right side of his skull.  The scars were there to prove it, and he had been sewn up with many stitches.  We were both shocked and stunned to say the least.  The man passed us and then I finally said to JM, Did you just see what I saw?  And JM said, Yes, but I don't believe it.  We then went looking for this man and he was simply gone! in an instant.  We saw an individul that day who was an older! JFK, a spirit, MIB, or an alien.  This President John F. Kennedy man combed his hair the same way JFK did, had the visible scars on the right side of his head were positioned the same as JFK's were after he was assassinated on November 22, 1963.  I have seen some of JFK's autoposy photograhps.  The facial features were exactly the same too.  He looked at us both as if he wanted us to notice him.  I hope you will not think that we are cooks of some kind.  I have seen several UFOs and other strange things before, and I did see this too.  The UFOs are real, and I have seen the proof.  I wasn't looking to see anything strange that day either.  I am a Christian, and attend Church regularly and I believe in Jesus Christ.  We know for sure what we both saw that day and it still lingers in our minds.  As a Historian, I have heard several stories about JFK and his knowlege of UFOs.  This man, whoever or whatever he was, makes me wonder.  This is a very true and accurate story-it really ! happened.  I do wish to remain anonymous out of fear of retribution at seeing this! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the time of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
FRIGHTENING MIB ENCOUNTER?;1992-07-07 00:00:00;twenty minutes;FRIGHTENING MIB ENCOUNTER? The story that I am about to tell you is hard to describe.  I have always hesitated in telling this srange story to many people in the past because they might think that I made the whole thing up, or am crazy.  Trust me, this story is very much true and accurate.   What I saw those two late nights back in 1992 etc. still gives me chills up and down my spine even today.  When I was a very young boy in my teens I had two very real and serious UFO close encounters.  They both happened in Kentucky, and were very much real.  There were other witnessess too.  I remember them both well, and they somehow changed my life forever.  They made a UFO believer out of me.   One was a very powerful loud object and light hovering above me and my cousins one day for several minutes.  Were we abducted?  I cannot remember.  The other sighting was of a very large glowing disk with lights that my Grandparent's and I saw in the black night sky up close.  The second sighting happened a few years later.  When I got older I left home and moved away to another city to start a career.  I lived alone in a small one bedroom apartment.  Late one night around midnight I was awakened by a very strong sense that someone, or something, was in my apartment with me.  I looked out into the hallway and I was totally astonished, and scared to death, at what I saw.  In my bedroom at the left end corner of the foot of my bed stood a man, a man in total black ( a shadow like person).  The hallway light was on, and his manly form was unmistakable in my bedroom.  I could definately make out the form of a man with an older 1940's style hat on, and his body outline with an overcoat on too-both completely dark black.  Believe me, this person or thing was really there.  I am a born again Christian, and my honesty is something that I hold in high regard.  I simply could not move-my body was frozen in fear and anxiety.  I quickly glanced outside my bedroom window to see if he was just a reflection from outside of some sort, but their was no reflection.  I opened and closed my eyes many times, and shook my head, to see if I was dreaming.  I shockingly finally realized that I was not.  My heart was beating so fast I could hear it pounding, and I really thought that I was going to have a heart attack.  I could not move, and the man just stood there in complete silence for close to twenty minutes staring at me.  Finally he just somehow vanished in an instant.  It took me an hour or longer to calm down and do a search in my apartment.  The doors were all locked.  About four months later the exact same thing happened again.  I was suddenly awakened, and there at the same location was the same black shadowy man standing at the left end corner of my bed staring at me.  Again I could not move, and was again frozen with fear and anxiety.  My heart was beating again very rapidly too.  This time though I finally managed to ask him who he was, and what did he want.  He just stood there staring at me again for around twenty minutes or so.  Then he just practically vanished again.  Even today I cannot begin to explain who or what the thing was that I saw.  I have heard strange stories of MIB's (Men In Black) visiting people who have had UFO encounters before, but this was crazy. I had never taken them so seriously before.  Now I wonder.  Anyway, the strange and mysterious man in black never came back to my apartment again-thank God.  I hope that you believe my story.  Yes, I know this story sounds crazy, but it really happened exactly the way that I told it to you.  Something happened to me those two frightening nights beyond my understanding.  I DO know for a fact that the UFOs are real!----JG ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  We have no way to contact this individual.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
STAR GAZING SEEN NORTH STAR THEN OBSERVED ANOTHER OBJECT MOVE AT A HIGH RATE OF Speed I HAVE A STUDENT PILOT LIC. TO FLY AND THOUGT THI;2003-08-20 21:55:00;00:10;STAR GAZING SEEN NORTH STAR THEN OBSERVED ANOTHER OBJECT MOVE AT A HIGH RATE OF Speed I HAVE A STUDENT PILOT LIC. TO FLY AND THOUGT THIS WAS A LITTLE FAST FOR AIRCRAFT.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
A low flying matchstick with a flame moving east!  ((anonymous report));2016-07-16 00:00:00;2 minutes;A low flying matchstick with a flame moving east! When riding in the car we were at a stop sign, when with no sound it looked just li ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
ALIEN ENTITY SEEN IN MY HOUSE.  ((anonymous report));2018-02-05 02:30:00;1 minute;ALIEN ENTITY SEEN IN MY HOUSE Please understand that this amazing story is true and not a figment of my imagination.  I live in Bowling Green, Kentucky, in a very old and historic neighborhood in the city.  I have seen and heard many paranormal things throughout my impossible lifetime, but this one was different.  The time was approximately 2:30 AM in the early morning and I suddenly woke up and saw a very strange thing.  There was a short human man walking down my hallway, with a large big-headed Alien entity!  I know it sounds crazy, but I know what I saw!  I couldn't believe it at first!  This being was very tall, close to 9 feet tall, and it's head was large and massive.  I could only see the entity from behind, but I will never forget it's head being so big.  The ET's arms and legs were very small, like looking at sticks.  I tried to communicate with this thing with no luck.  The ET and the short man just went on walking down my hallway and seemed to walk through the wall.  I was fully awake at the time, and it was no dream.  I have seen many things in this haunted house I live in, but never an Alien!  Where it cam from I do not know, but I have seen many UFO's in my lifetime.  A true Story!  JLG;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
STRANGE SOUND AND ALIEN ENTITIES SEEN.  ((anonymous report));2018-04-23 01:00:00;10 minutes;STRANGE SOUND AND ALIEN ENTITIES SEEN I live in the outside city limits of Bowling Green, Kentucky.  The area I live in has always had some strange things going on there.  Lots of old pioneer days history made there etc.  Lots of very old 1700's cemetery's too.   Anyway, I first want to guarantee you that my story is as true and accurate as I can possibly make it.  These sightings are absolutely real, and just begun lately.  I have seen several UFO's during my long life, and I know beyond any doubt they are real.  Yes, I have seen the proof too.  I work for the U.S. Government.   Around April of this year, I began to hear a roaring-howling sound that seems to go over my home and then all of a sudden stop.  I thought it could be the city airport and such, so I let it slide.  I have never heard a sound like it either.   Then I woke up a night or so later around 2:00 AM, fully awake, and was just looking around inside the house.  Then I saw Them!  Four Alien entities of some sort standing i! n my kitchen.  I could clearly see their reflections from the kitchen in my living room television window.   At first I saw a claw like hand, very long, and very black.  Two of the entities were very tall and skinny with very long hands, and solid black.  Their heads were round and very large with golden-colored slanted eyes.  They looked right at me and we had a stare-off.  I was too amazed to do very much.  Their arms were long and skinny.  I was absolutely amazed at what I was seeing.  I've seen UFO's before, and now possibly their occupants!  The other two entities were solid white, shorter, and they were walking down my hallway to the bedrooms so I could only see them from behind.  They seemed to be wearing uniforms of some sort.  Solid white and humanoid!   I continued to look at the tall black Aliens and it was clear they were trying to contact me-let me know they were there.  After about 10 minutes they walked away through the walls!  They have returned two more times, so far since that first night, and I don't fear them for some reason or another.  After 10-15 minutes they are gone.  They just stare at me with those big yellow eyes.  I could see no mouths or ears on these creatures because they were solid charcoal black.  Also, I keep the kitchen light on at night so I know they are coming there.  As a Christian man, this proves that there are things we just don't understand.  I was a probable Abductee during my early childhood years in 1968, but that's another true story.  Where these Alien creatures came from, and why to my house I cannot understand.  Maybe they know I am a believer!  I wish to remain totally anonymous for my own protection since I still work for the U.S. Government. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact  information.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
Me and my girlfriend watched as we first seen a bright white line of lights move across the sky when we seen it again it had changed fi;2019-07-11 22:00:00;45 minutes;Me and my girlfriend watched as we first seen a bright white line of lights move across the sky when we seen it again it had changed fiery orange then we spotted a second one the same orange in color lighted ...we watched for 20 mins as we walked then we looked and spotted a triangular huge hovering shape in the sky it was massive ... It stayed around about 30 mins itself;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
