Oval light changes to 5 lights forming a triangle between Hwy 68-80 and Hwy 31-W.;2001-10-09 21:15:00;5-7 MINUTES;Oval light changes to 5 lights forming a triangle between Hwy 68-80 and Hwy 31-W. I was driving east from Russellville to Bowling Green on 68-80 (Russellville Rd.)after  working late in October of 2001. As I approached the Rockfield Elementary School area I noticed a glowing yellow-white oval shape ahead of me. I judged it to be close to the Natcher Parkway overpass (approx.6 miles ahead) and about the size of my thumb with my arm stretched out in front of me. The oval shape was bright, but hazy and was slowly moving south toward Hwy 31-W. I watched it continuously as I drove toward town amazed at the size it must be and noting that I couldn't see any discernible object or craft in the oval light. The attack of 9-11 was still fresh and I was surprised to be seeing anything in the air. If it were a military helicopter searching for something, I thought I should be seeing a beam of light streaming to the ground or moving around, but there was none. As I neared Memphis Junction Rd. just a little before the Natcher overpass, I judged the object to be over Hwy 31-W (which at this point runs almost parallel to 68-80, aprox. 3 miles apart). Suddenly, the oval light changed into 5 separate white lights! They were in the formation of a triangle. It was very odd in that it wasn't a flat triangle. There were three lights forming the bottom base, a light at the top point, and the fifth was on the right side of the triangle closer to the base. It moved upright. (If you form a triangle with your thumbs and index fingers a few inches in front of your face and then extend your arms out still holding the triangle, that is how the lights moved.) I was watching this triangle of lights travel slowly beyond 31-W when they just disappeared!  I didn't report it thinking the original oval light was so big that others probably had already called. I checked the local news sources for the next few days hoping for some mention with an explanation, but never heard anything about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
I am sending you this message to report another strange sighting which occured on Friday night, March 19th, 2004 here in Bowling Green,;2004-03-19 23:30:00;40 Minutes;I am sending you this message to report another strange sighting which occured on Friday night, March 19th, 2004 here in Bowling Green, Kentucky at approximately 11:30 PM central time.  Other sightings here similiar to this have been reported several times in the past several years.  This time there was also a female witness besides me, and she too observed the same object, at the same time, as I did.  This is a TRUE story, and we were both surprised to say the least.  This object was really strange.  Anyway, I had been out for a dinner date with a friend, and was driving home when I just happened to look up out the front windshield of my automoble and saw a bright white light with something blinking on it.  At first, I thought it was probably an airplane or helicopter, because Bowling Green has a small airport located there.  Aircraft from our military bases at Fort Campbell and Fort Knox, Kentucky routinely refuel there.  But when I really looked at the object it remained stationary, and was not moving any at all.  The light was round, large, bright, and looked to be about the size of a large bus. A second large, bright, and round red strobing light was blinking on and off in the center of the object, and at times there also appeared to be smaller red lights in a row all along the outer edges of the object.  They too were blinking on and off, but not as rapidly as the center light.  The red light in the center seemed to be pulsating as it blinked on and off.  As I continued to observe the object, a female neighbor of mine drove up to park her car.  I asked her if she would take a look at what I was observing, and to tell me that I wasn't seeing things.  She did so and told me that she was seeing it too, and that it looked really weird.  We both continued to observe the strange object for close to thirty minutes.  This object, we both agreed, was truly something unusual, and not something conventional.  After more than forty minutes watching this craft, it slowly began to move sli! ghtly lower, but not landing.  We then went our separate ways because it was getting late.  This object appeared in the direction going toward Franklin, Kentucky/Portland Tennessee, leaving Bowling Green.  I have seen this thing before, and what it is I have no idea.  But it is strange and bizarre.  I do know that it is not a tower, star, airplane, helicopter, or satellite etc.  We both DID see this, and we are not making this story up.  Should this not be investigated?  Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the report is of a sighting of the planet, Venus.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information.  How he expects us to respond to his question is not clear to us. ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION, APPARENTLY FROM SAME WITNESS)) I am writing back to you as a follow-up report on the object I reported to your center.  First, I do not believe that this object we saw was the planet Venus.  I should have provided more information to you, and I apologize for that.  Me, and many others have seen this object before the night reported above.  Some have reported it on your web site.  It sometimes appears as a huge fireball, and it does move and zig-zag about too.  Sometimes smaller objects can be clearly seen underneath the larger object flying back and fourth.  At times the red lights are clearly visable on the object, and one time we even observed the craft through binoculars, and it appeared  diamond shaped glowing purple.  This thing even flew directly over my automobile late one night years ago.  I am not making this story up or anything like that.  We have had several strange sightings of triangular objects in this area before too.  I do wish to remain anonymous, but I thought you might want to investigate this thing someday.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
Black Oval Object Observed Over City;2005-04-16 17:00:00;4 minutes;Black Oval Object Observed Over City Thank you for reading my report.  You can post this report if you wish to.  There may be a logical explaination for what I saw, but yet I do wonder since I have observed UFO's before.   I am a Christian, and I work in a professional environment and am telling you the truth.  My honesty is something that I try to live by.   Anyway, the day was somewhat cloudy and I was traveling home from my place of employment going down the Russellville Road toward Franklin here in Bowling Green, Kentucky.  I just happened to look up at the sky through my automobile front window and saw a perfectly round bright black object sitting high up in the sky.  It was completely round and solid black, and it seemed like it was not moving at all.   I realized at once that this was no cloud because it stood out so well between them.  The whole thing was just a basketball sized round black object sitting stationary in the sky.  It looked just like a solid round black circular ball object of some sort.  This told me that whatever the thing was is was definately far away and very high up in the sky.  If this was a balloon of some sort then why was it black I asked myself, and it appeared to be not moving at all.   I had to keep my attention on the moving traffic and I finally lost sight of the object.  This did seem strange because I could not locate the object or whatever it was again as I stopped and searched throughout the sky.  Has anybody else here locally seen this?  I am not sure of what I saw that day! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
8 separate craft, super fast.;2013-09-23 05:30:00;6-7 seconds;8 separate craft, super fast. Walking outside Bowling Green ((company name deleted)) during break, and looking up at the stars,  then 8 orange or yellow orb shaped craft started crossing the sky.  They were in perfect line formation in series of 3 the 2 offset then 3 offset.  The one on the inside of the pair of 2 and the one on the very last of the set of 3 were zig zagging as all 8 shot across the whole sky.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
