Chrome sphere sighted South East of Bowling Green KY;1993-10-15 14:30:00;10-15 minutes;Chrome sphere sighted South East of Bowling Green KY At the time I was commuting daily to and from Bowling Green, KY.  I'm not sure of the exact date but it was around the middle of October 1993. When nearing the city of Bowling Green I happened to notice a large round ball shaped object high in the sky.  It was SE of the city, very shiny like chrome and looked perfectly round. I remember the Sun glinted off the object to produce a very bright glint of light as if it were reflecting from a mirror.  At first I thought it could possibly be the front or back side of a blimp or a hot air balloon and I found myself paying more attention to the object than I was the road. I pulled off to the side of the roadway and exited my car.  I remember the Sun was to the right of the object and I shaded it from my eyes with my hand to get a better view. It must have been around 2 or 3 PM. Another driver pulled off the roadway as well. He had also spotted the object and was curious as to what it could be.  We watched the object for 10 to 15 minutes.  It was stationary and again still perfectly round.  We talked about it as we watched and a lot of the conversation was about what it could be.  We wondered why others didn't notice it or seem to care enough to even stop and take a look.  We both felt the object was a perfectly round ball shape, and shiny, though we did not feel it to be a blimp or hot air balloon. The sighting ended when the object went straight up at an incredible speed and vanished thru the clouds.  That movement was the shocking factor of the entire sighting.  It was incredibly fast and went from being stationary a few thousand feet above the ground to completely out of sight within 2 or 3 seconds. I have no way of determining the exact size of the object but it wasn't small.  It was several thousand feet in the air when it was stationary and was plainly visible.  By comparison at the distance viewed it was about the size of a dime from our perspective.  It must have been very large, much larger than a hot air balloon or blimp. I don't know what it was I saw. I do know the movement and acceleration was impossible.  I am an Air force Veteran and have viewed the capabilities of most of our aircraft in flight.  This object moved away at a speed that is not possible.  The only comforting thought is that I was not alone in seeing this. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter, The object appeared to be about the size of a dime held at arms length. It did not appear as large as the Sun, though I never looked directly at the Sun to make a size comparison, but the object was very large.  I’ve never seen anything like it before or since.   Another thing is the distance.  I can’t be sure how near or far away I was from the object, as I was not directly beneath it.  I can make a fairly accurate ballpark guess that it was at 10,000 to 12,000 feet altitude though.  I’m really not into UFOs but I did want to get this on record as my health is not what it used to be.  I know others must have seen it that day and hopefully the report will encourage them to come forward. Thanks and Best, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
Brightly shining spherical object white light pulsing then disappearing rapidly before our eyes.;2015-10-19 18:03:00;1 minute;Brightly shining spherical object white light pulsing then disappearing rapidly before our eyes. My girlfriend saw a spherical brightly shining object surrounded by aircraft of unknown affinity military or civilian.  The sphere pulsed a couple times before seemingly fading out of view.  We could not tell what the object may have been, but, it is the second Unidentified Flying Object we have seen to make us wonder if life is exclusive to Earth.;36.9963920329673;-86.4479313186799
