periodical blinking and changingcolor;2001-06-15 20:00:00;35MIN......?;((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness is describing a celestial body, perhaps a twinkling star.  Date is approximate.  PD)) periodical blinking and changingcolor Well the craft looked like a fire ball or even a ball of red then orange light.The object was red at first then orange it was as big as the north star when you look up in the sky. It was very slow and sometimes it would even speed up and then slow down. What really suprised me was that it would start moving and changing colors red and then orange and tend to disappear at times. sometimes I would think that I saw white little lights coming out of it, super fast. It was probably my imagination but I know the ball of light or fire more like the color of saturn.Like a miniature saturn. We do live next to an airport the Ontario airport where Bush came for the convention. but this incident occured before the president came, way before. I really do think that this ball of light was some extraterrestial from outer space because the color of it didnt even look like a fire color, but it would change into a fire color it was like a dark bright red at first and then poof it seemed like it blew up or something, not litteraly but in explanation. The object was hovering and then it starred to disapear sometimes as if the light was burning out because it would do it periodicly and then suddenly it disapeared and never turned back on as if it disapeared. Im not finished if your tracking me right now but another incident happend like this just a week ago about this year in august on wednesday the 7 at about 8:30 9:00 but this time it was only a bright red color and didnt change it was coasting torwards the airport's direction and didnt do anything highly unuasual like the one I JUST explained farther back. this went out of our reach and we couldnt see it so we just went inside. Oh yeah we live in a suburban area and the desert isnt to far away in the palmdale and those areas over the mountain but where we live theres tall trees like a common suburban area I guess no crops or open fields no lakes well where not to close to one but this object wasnt heading torwards the mountains because we could see the mt baldy mtns. from our house not close but from a distance and it wasnt heading that direction it was going East torwards the airport because we live west from it. theres pretty much clear skies where we live.I JUST WANTED TO SUBMIT THIS SIGHTING BECAUSE I SAW THE SHOW! SIGHTIN G ON T.V. AND WANTED TO SHARE MINES, THANK FOR YOUR TIME AND PLEASE READ MINE.;34.037022751798;-117.62208417266
Green light falling from sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor from Geminid Meteor shower??  PD));2013-12-14 05:00:00;3 seconds;Green light falling from sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor from Geminid Meteor shower??  PD));34.037022751798;-117.62208417266
