Cigar Mother ship loading and unloading  small craft over Douglas County, Oregon;2005-06-30 20:00:00;2 minutes;Cigar Mother ship loading and unloading  small craft over Douglas County, Oregon This was seen by me while Riding in a Friends truck.  It was about an hour before sunset and I was traveling East towards town from the Melrose area of Douglas County.  I was watching an object that looked like a jet in the distance,,,it was highlighted by the sun which was behind me.  The Sun was far enough down that I was in shadow and the Object was seen to be in the sunlight,,,about 3-5 miles away and approx 5 thousand feet high.  Something Ive seen many times,,,a jet highlighted by the setting sun in the distance.. After watching it for about 30 seconds I noticed an object that was in its path ahead. It was shaped like a cigar,,,,I thought it might be a blimp of some sort.  As I watched the smaller bright fast moving lighted abject I could tell it was going to cross paths with this larger Object,,,which was huge compared to the traveling abject.... The cigar shaped object was moving very slow in the same direction of the first object....NORTH,,,  As I watched both objects the small bright object was clearly going to cross the path of the other.  Kinda curious I watched to see if they would cross each others path,,,thinking ,,,well Its just in line and looks like its going to hit it...  .Then just before it did ,,,,it slowed and entered into the cigar,,,just as soon as it did,,,another object shot out of this cigar thing and traveled very very fast out and along the same path the first object had traveled to enter the cigar. Only it was not bright and shiny and moving somewhat faster the! n the first one had traveled coming in......it was dark and small compared to the Cigar....When this happened I was shocked and just watched as the Second object shot across the skyline and was gone...then I noticed the cigar object was somewhat see through and I could clearly see about 4 or 5 dark shapes inside it,,,Like pea's in a pod would be.... At this point the road turned and I lost sight of the whole Eastern Skyline....I was not inclined to say anything to anyone?  Which is strange in itself?  So I didn't,,,but have thought about this much since it happened.... My best guess as to the size of the Cigar Object,,,would be about a foot ball field in length ,,,or two..and maybe 4 stories high...it seemed to be rounded on both ends...like a grain of rice... If not for the sun setting and lighting the Cigar Object I do not think I would of seen it as it was very opalescent ...almost cloud like..... Thats it.... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.2289254237289;-123.293894915256
