Two small glowing oval orange objects and one larger triangle craft in rural Oregon.;1987-10-01 20:00:00;30 mins.;Two small glowing oval orange objects and one larger triangle craft in rural Oregon. It was Friday before hunting season- so it was either September 25 or October 2, 1987- since Oregon’s hunting season is always the last weekend of September or first weekend of October (I checked online to see if I could figure out what date is correct using Oregon Dept. of Fish and Wildlife with no success.)  My friend and I were seven miles northwest of Roseburg, Oregon, in a sparsely populated area (no houses for at least a mile away) checking out a hunting location that I was very familiar with and it was just before twilight.  We sat down to rest next to a creek-we were in a fairly deep, narrow valley between two hills-  when my friend noticed two yellowish lights at a distance about two thousand yards up the valley.   At first, I did not think much about it since I knew of a gravel road at the end of the valley and thought it was probably just headlights of a car, and told him of such.  We were about to get up since it was now almost dark-and had about a quarter mile to hike back to the truck-when I again notice the two yellow lights were now closer and heading directly down the canyon towards us. I still did not yet think they were UFO’s or anything out of the ordinary when all of sudden we could hear animal(s) moving  in our direction away from the direction of the yellow lights- I couldn’t see the animals since it was almost dark now and the area had enough brush and trees to hide them as well.   At the same time we were listening to the animals, I also started to see small (about 1 inch) red glowing “sparkling” spheres appearing at the base of a tree twenty feet away from us, towards the direction of the yellow “lights.”   These red spheres, suddenly appeared at the base, then started to swirled around the tree, all the time rotating upward, and then just as suddenly disappear once they reach the top of the tree.  More and more red spheres appeared around the trees in front of us when I started to asked my friend if he was seeing what I was seeing (I was worried that I was losing my mind) when he shakily replied, “Yes.”  I once again looked at the yellow “lights,” which were now close enough to see that they were not yellow lights at all, but two glowing, yellowish/orange, oblong spheres or “crafts,”- about six feet long and 3 feet high.  The crafts were about ten or fifteen feet above the oak trees and twenty feet apart- still fixed on the same course, now about eighty yards away, and still heading down the valley towards us.   These oblong crafts did not make any sound and did not rotate that I could see whatsoever but maintained a slow, methodical speed and spatial distance between themselves and the trees, all the while moving in our direction.  There was no propeller, wing, rudder or prop whatsoever on these “crafts” that I could see or detect.  They did not appear to be flimsy like a balloon nor rigid metallic either, but almost smooth, round-cornered plastic looking objects.  In addition, they did not glow from within nor from without, but within the skin of the craft itself.  Also, underneath the two spheres the ground was brightly lit up. The light that they emitted was strange in that you could not see the source of the light emitting from the spheres itself, like you would from a headlamp, instead the it was “magically” lit up underneath the spheres and the edges of the light did not slowly diffuse but stopped very abrupt… almost like it the light was contained!?!  This was becoming too much for my senses… (I will admit I was starting to get freaked out, feeling quite alone even with my friend there in the woods and even though I hunted in this area alone all my life) we both stood up and I said let’s get the heck out of here.   As soon as we moved, the spheres moved in an instance directly overhead and both of us were now bathed in the light.  I stood, in awe, frozen, looking at these THINGS, when one of the spheres shot out a red glowing disk (the same color of the smaller red spheres) straight upwards and then the red disk exploded in a brilliant flash of red light.   I felt frozen as if I was knocked unconscious and the next thing I know I am running.  My friend is also running beside me and we are both running towards my truck not saying a word when I reach the top of a hill I see another object or craft that is triangular in shape that appears high and quite far in the distance further past where my truck is located. This triangular craft is hard to describe how big it is because I cannot reference how far away it is, but it is definitely triangular and of decent size, as well as, far away.  The craft appears to be more metallic looking, in that it is straight lines and appears to be rotating or spinning and has three sides like a pyramid.  It either has three lights or sides or corners of red, silver, and blue, that either interchange or spins giving it an appearance of blinking or spinning motion.  It also appears that the bottom side arches or wobbles back and forth, giving it the “blinking” or jittering effect?!?.    I cannot describe this craft any further as to the fact that I was moving rather fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));43.2289254237289;-123.293894915256
Slow moving orbs seen slow.;2014-01-18 20:30:00;2 hours;Slow moving orbs seen slow I was walking outside and I seen 2 orbs Changing color moving slow and I got home and went out 2 hours later there was one craft still there, just hovering.  My watched temp. Stopped for aprox. 2 minutes.;43.2289254237289;-123.293894915256
Moon Anomaly   Around 6:40 PM on December 9th my husband called me to our back deck to admire a small multi-colored rainbow around the;2019-12-09 18:50:00;5 minutes;Moon Anomaly   Around 6:40 PM on December 9th my husband called me to our back deck to admire a small multi-colored rainbow around the waxing gibbous moon.  Over the next ten minutes or so the halo gradually dissipated, but a slender blue, irregular-shaped partial ring formed around the moon.  As we watched the blue ring seemed to shift position and seemed to expand and contract. It was so fascinating I fetched my iPhone x from the house and opened the Night Camera app.  I was watching the moon through the camera lens and would snap the photos when my husband said now.  The photos were taken a couple of seconds apart using the Night Camera app on my iPhone X.  Exposure was 1/15 second.  I do not know if the second and third photo were double and triple exposures, but my husband said that is what he also saw with his bare eyes.  If nothing else the photos make for interesting conversation and speculation.;43.2289254237289;-123.293894915256
We were driving and had to pull over, craft was moving slowly, was as white as light, we watched it zig zag slowly and then disappear o;2020-04-30 19:50:00;5 minutes;We were driving and had to pull over, craft was moving slowly, was as white as light, we watched it zig zag slowly and then disappear over a mountain.;43.2289254237289;-123.293894915256
