A streak of light grew brighter, then disappeared leaving a faint trail of smoke into the near horizon.;2007-05-09 21:15:00;1 sec;A streak of light grew brighter, then disappeared leaving a faint trail of smoke into the near horizon. While driving home on Wednesday 05/09/07 at approximately 9:15 PM a white streak of light caught my eye. At first, I thought it was a shooting star, but as it fell, the image grew larger and brighter, and changed to orange on one side and yellow on the other. My next thought was a small craft like a Cessna was diving downward. I thought it was descending too fast to be a small aircraft.  Suddenly the glowing colors disappeared, leaving what I thought was a faint trail of smoke. I then thought it must have been a meteor, so close its point of contact would be somewhere on the foothills above, near my home. As I drove 4 miles up my hill, I was looking for smoke or any evidence of impact. I saw none, but was positive what I had seen was too vivid to have been a shooting star or a reflection from my car windows. Upon arriving home my first question to my family was if they had felt anything like an earthquake or sensation of an impact. They had not. Convinced what I had seen was something of unusual significance I went out to my deck to look for a glow in the sky or smoke rising from the horizon. Through a few trees across part of our homes lakefront, I saw a burning pile of embers on the ground. Rationalizing it as burning pile of timber, a coincidence, I was unable to dismiss the possibility that I was observing the site of a meteor landing. I looked up your phone number and called to ask if you had received other reports of this sighting. The contact informed that there was one other dramatic report from West Seattle. I called a neighbor who agreed to search the area, and they excitedly told me that a Canadian radio station they were listening to reported a call from Vancouver of a Green glowing mass seen shooting across the sky. To my embarrassment, our search resulted in the discovery of the smoldering embers of a neighbors timber burn pile. It was a disappointing coincidence, but did not change the impression that what I saw was of greater significance that for now would remain unexplained. I am a homeowner and Father of two sons. I have mid level college education, a Manager with 20 years of experience in my field, no history of  mental illness or indications of instability, respected by family, friends, neighbors, co-workers, and have never experienced nor reported any event of this type. I could not have been the only person in this area to have seen this, and expect to learn of other witnesses in time. This was not a UFO, but I believe I what I saw was probably a meteor, and possibly further away from my proximity than it appeared to me. I hope others will confirm my experience with reports of their own.;47.725;-121.9369
Bursts of irregular flashing light moving across the outer curvature of the earth.;2016-04-09 22:00:00;15 minutes;bursts of irregular flashing light moving across the outer curvature of the earth The UFO started as a burst of flash about every minute, then a bigger more continuous flash as it began moving.  From where we stood at about 600ft. elevation, we watched the flashing begin at mid horizon, meaning in the sky between the horizon and straight up.  We could see it over a tree line rising 80 feet, as we stood about 100 feet away from those trees.   The flash was to the southeast, and moved in an eastward direction.  The object seemed to be far away in the sky, above an airplane flight path at 30,000 feet closer then a satellite.  I thought something was exploding in space, like a decommissioned space station or maybe a larger pile of space trash.  The way it flashed at first, like something catching fire, then dropping a little, then really falling, but along the curvature of the earth, not straight down like a stone within our gravitational pull.   This was my first sighting of something I would have to call a UFO.  My partner was with me, he moved around in the field to catch the light from other angles.  We thought at first it might have been a plane coming in for a landing in Seattle, but the sudden explosive flashes in combination with its flight path did not match any plane we've ever watched coming in near SEATAC.  The UFO was moving away from any airport, and so far up in the sky, again, far higher then a jet in flight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.725;-121.9369
