Craft follows vehicle on Canadian Highway with spotlight;1998-08-08 02:00:00;10 minutes;Craft follows vehicle on Canadian Highway with spotlight It was 2:00 am and I was headed East on the Yellowhead Highway, Hwy 16. I was just a few miles outside of Houston.  I had just left the little town of Smithers and I was looking for a Fair Grounds that I had thought they had there to overnight with 5 horses that I had brought out of Alaska.  I had traveled this Highway lots of times and usually stayed in Vanderhoof or Quesnel but the road had been bad coming down the Cassiar Hwy and had slowed me down.  My traveling companions besides the 5 equines consisted of my SharPei dog (CharChar) and 1 cat (Sally).  It was my traveling companions that alerted me to something unusual in the beginning.  Char started talking to me and howling in a strange way and was looking out the rear window.  I could see a strange white glow on her when I turned around.  At first this registered as light coming off my front running lights on the Horse Trailer, the problem being they are orange, not white.  Still did not register with me that there was anything unusual yet.  Then Sally, the cat, started making strange noises I never had heard before and she actually jumped up on the seat in front with me then jumped back to the back and went under the seat.  Her hackles were up at the time.  Meanwhile, Char is running from the back rear window to me and is talking and whining and her hackles are up.  I was at this point starting to get spooked.  I had slowed down considerably looking for the Fair Grounds and had been leaning forward on the stearing wheel (there was some ground fog in the valleys there too).  It was at this time that I realized the truck was glowing with a white light and the ground around me also was.  It was like I was in a big spotlight with  one of those new blue-white headlights they have out now.  I leaned forward and looked up and realized that there was something over me.  It was as larger than a large full moon in size in the sky and was a glowing green color with this large white light in the middle.  Like a stupid idiot I really slowed down and rolled my window down and listened. I heard no engines.  At this point I am trying to justify this with a meteor, crashing plane, helicopter, anything but imagining that I could be the perfect ufo medical experiment on wheels, 5 equine,1 feline,1 canine and 1 hominid. This my daughter latered reminded me of and we had a good laugh, however I failed to see the humor in it at the time it was happening. I don't think I directly thought of this however I know it had to be in my mind.  The object suddently removed the light from me and then sped forward. I was at this point going up a hill and it appeared to be going to the top of the hill to land.  It was at this point I actually saw 3 points of light that were red or orange on the edge.  I thought they might have been engine exhaust or after burners.  It was a little unclear with the fog I was going in and out of.  This was not a heavy fog, more like a mist. It hesitated at the crest of the hill then suddenly made a sharp turn and headed due North from me.  It was at this point that I realized that I had come to a complete stop in the Highway.  Myself and Char were just staring at this thing.  I can't tell you what was running through her mind but I can tell you I was now scared.  It went through this mist and went right up and over a small mountain there.  I could see the glow of light from beyond the mountain like it had landed.  I got going again quite quickly and stopped in the next town to call my husband.  He is in the USAF and while I am relating all this to him it was at this time I realized that the entire Convenience Store was now quiet.  Everyone in there was listening to me! One of the customers in there told me that there had been sitings in the area all Summer!  Well I ask if there was a RCMP close at hand because I still thought that maybe I should report it.  The clerk in the store he did not think the office for just reporting would be open at this time so I just determined I would call later.  There were 2 logging truck drivers there that said that I could park between them if I was still scared since they would be there until 6:00 when the mill opened.  This is exactly what I did.  The next morning I started off again headed for Arlington,Washington. Somewhere before Prince George I spied a RCMP on the side of the road running radar and it was a woman.  I thought this would be the chance to talk to someone so I parked on the side of the road and approached her vehicle.  I had made sure that I had picked up one of my Business Cards first.(I run a horse transport business so I do a lot of traveling at night.  It is easier on the horses especially in the Summer.  I also had lived 17 years in Alaska so I knew this Hwy and this was a first for me on it.) When I came up the first thing out of mouth was that here was my business card, that I did not do drugs nor rarely drank and certainly had been doing neither the previous night.  She listened to my tale then handed the card back to me and kind of chuckled.  Without saying anything to me she got on the radio back to Houston, BC, Canada and told them I would be calling in a report.  I interrupted her to ask if it would be a problem if I called once I got to a land line in Washington and she said yes.  Well this went better than I had expected.  I really thought that she might have been calling out the paddy wagon with the straight jackets for me.  It was at this time after speaking on the radio she got out of the car and looked at me straight on.  She then proceeded to tell me she believed me and did not think that I was a NUT since if I was a nut seeing things at night then they had 2 RCMP's that were the same and were seeing things in broad daylight.  She said that a craft had been sited in the same area just a few days before.  I proceeded on feeling much better actually.  When I got to Arlington, Washington at a motel I called the desk at the RCMP's at Houston and gave them a full report.  Now, I am going to tell you something at this point.  I tried when this actually happened to give a report to you over the phone and you were very rude to me.  I had seen the lights over Texas also a month later.  THis was when they lights were appearing over Washington, Texas and several other places.  You said you were too busy to take the report over the phone and for me to file it on the Internet.  We just got a Computer here not to long ago.  So don't blame be for waiting for so long to report this. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of event is approximate.  We will forward the case to Brian Vike, B. C. UFO investigator, for follow up.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
