HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  It split into two balls of light and each ball of light shot off at an incredible rate of speed.;1985-08-05 00:00:00;approx: 30 seconds;It split into two balls of light and each ball of light shot off at an incredible rate of speed. A fellow called me from Prince George today (February 7, 2004) as he had a story to tell me over a sighting that he and a friend of his had back in 1985 while working in Houston and the Burns Lake areas. Due to his occupation the gentleman had to travel back and forth at that time between towns.  They were working on contracts at two different jobs. One late night, around midnight they were on their way back to Houston from Burns Lake, B.C. and were about 5 kilometers east of Houston. There is a long straight stretch before you climb a small long hill on Highway #16 which takes you right into the town of Houston. While traveling on this straight part of the Highway the witnesses passed the local golf course, looking straight in front of them and a little to their right, sits Mount Harry Davis.  On top of the mountain there sits the VOR (Visual Omni Range), at this point on the drive both men watched a large bright, white object rise from the VOR vertically into the air. They wondered if it might have been a helicopter with one bright light on it, but they soon ruled this out due to what the object did next. When the light/object reached a certain point in the night sky, it split into two balls of light and each ball of light shot off at an incredible rate of speed in different direction. The witnesses were so surprised that they stopped their truck in the middle of the highway, flew open their doors and stood watching this event unfold.  Both men started looking at one another wondering what it was they just witnessed as it was so very unusual.  They were so curious to know what was up at the top of the mountain, plus they wanted to look around for any sign that something may have been there, that shouldn't have been, they drove up the winding road on Mount Harry Davis and finally reached the VOR on top of the mountain. Nothing unusual was noted around the area, but they sure were baffled at what they saw the night before.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Light/Object sitting on the ground.;1998-12-08 03:00:00;Unknown;Light/Object sitting on the ground. I was in our local store the other day when a fellow had seen the logo on my winter coat and asked did I belong to HBCC UFO Research. I told him I was it, ( the one looking after HBCC UFO). He started to tell me about a strange sighting he had back in 1998 when hauling logs out of the Morice Lake area which is approximately 80 kilometers southwest from Houston, B.C. I asked him if he could call me when the man found a little time. He did indeed call a couple of days later and told me what he saw that early winter morning.  The witness was driving along the Morice West Road and just came over the top of a hill. Looking straight ahead of him he saw what he described as aircraft landing lights which were sitting on the ground. The lights were extremely bright and white. There was no flashing nor did the light move. Whatever it was, it was not moving.  He also said there was no one logging in that area at that time. He also told me that a road which did lead into the area was blocked by a huge bank of snow and the road itself was covered with approximately four feet of snow. The driver said he was really curious to know what he'd seen. The logger would have liked to have stopped but seeing the roads were icy and extremely slippery, a 70 ton load, plus other logging trucks coming behind him a kilometer away he thought it best to just keep going.  The witness got on his radio and asked the drivers behind him if anyone was doing any forestry work where he saw the light. Everyone called back telling him there was nothing in the area. (It would be doubtful that it would have been a helicopter at that time of the morning). Also I asked if it could have been a snowmobile and he told me no. There were no signs of anyone going in along the snow covered road and that was the only access to the area where the light was. He told me all areas around where the light was sitting was dense forest.  As some of the truck operators drove up over the hill they too were able to see the light and found it very unusual. It was a clear cold night and the northern lights were dancing across the sky.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Bright light split into two and shot into different directions, then shot up into the sky.;2003-02-27 04:05:00;6 to 7 seconds;Bright light split into two and shot into different directions, then shot up into the sky. I was over at Country Wide Stationary today (March 4, 2003) and a fellow had read the logo on my winter coat. ( HBCC UFO Research) He asked what it was all about, in which I explained what it was I was up to. This man, a logging truck operator left the town of Houston driving up the Morice River Road heading approx: 100 kilometers out across the Reach to pick up a load of logs. He went on to say when he reached the 30 kilometers mark on the Morice River Road,  he witnessed  one bright white light high in the sky heading in his direction. As the light got closer to him, he watched the light split up into two parts, with both pieces flying in different directions. He said one part went west and the other east. What was so amazing was that the two lights shot back up into the sky and disappeared. The sighting lasted approx: 6 to 7 seconds at the most. He was so surprised and excited at what he just saw, he got on the trucks radio and asked other drivers on the road if anyone had witnessed what he just did. Two other drivers who were in the same area reported back to him that they also witnessed the same thing. HBCC UFO Note: I have the name of one of the other drivers and will be speaking to him tomorrow to take his report. I was told that a number of logging truck drivers on their early morning hauls have seen a number of strange things in the sky, so I am also looking into these as well. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  <hbccufo@telus.net>    His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is: <http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html>      All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: <http://www.geocities.com/ufologia_canadiana/BC2002sightings.html> PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  lights were, yellow, blue and red and zipping around.;2003-04-11 20:00:00;10 minutes;lights were, yellow, blue and red and zipping around. A fellow stopped me while I was heading out the door of our local grocery store here in Houston, B.C. today (April 14, 2003). He said to me that he had his first UFO sighting the other night. There were four witnesses to this sighting. On April 11, 2003 at 8:00 p.m., which was a Friday evening 4 witnesses were just west of Houston in an area called the Houston Estates. There are a number of homes in the area. One of the witnesses saw something funny and told everyone else to look.  Looking south towards the Morice River, from the Houston Estates they noticed the strangest set of lights. It was very low in altitude, and sitting above the Morice Valley Road. I was told the only  thing which could be seen on it were the three colored lights. The witness said it was as if the object was rotating, as the lights kept changing position. The color of the lights were, yellow, blue and red. The strange thing about this sighting is that I was told that the object was witnessed for approx: 10 minutes. Also if one would picture someone making a drawing of a Christmas Tree, (just a simple sketch) this would have been how this object moved. So starting say from the top of a tree, it zipped down and out to it's left, then moved quickly straight back in. ( say  towards the trunk of the tree). Then dropped a bit and continued doing this until in was noted to have dropped a good distance in height. He told me whatever it was moved extremely fast, then would come to a complete stop. Then once again continuing to move at a high rate of speed making the same maneuvers over and over again. The object would have been approx: 2 miles away from the peoples location. Binoculars were brought out so they could get a better look at it,  I was told all that could be seen was the lights, no shape or body to the object. The object/lights vanished instantly after the 10 minutes of viewing.  Anyway how, this is a raw report and I am in the works of contacting the other three witnesses to gather more information on this sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  <hbccufo@telus.net>    His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is: <http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html>      All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: <http://www.geocities.com/ufologia_canadiana/BC2002sightings.html> PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Single red light low over China Nose Mountain;2003-04-14 23:20:00;5 to 6 seconds;Single red light low over China Nose Mountain A witness called to say while driving home from Perow, B.C. to Houston they witnessed a single red light flying rather quickly from the east heading west and very low. She told me that the red light was flying just over the top of China Nose Mountain. Actually a one point from her location, she watched the light fly over the tops of the mountains, but she claims that when it almost reached China Nose Mountain it rose up rather quickly to get over the peak and continued on at the same altitude after rising up to get over China Nose until she lost sight of it. This sighting lasted approx: 5 to 6 seconds. Just a dot of red light.  (HBCC UFO Note: I know exactly where she was when she observed the light, and you overlook the valley below and have great view of the mountains across the valley from Highway #16. The Bulkley River and a lot of farm land is below in the valley. I did some quick checking and as far as I know, no flights would have been around that area at that time. If it was a small personal aircraft the person flying it would have been crazy to fly in that area, or  to be honest any other area around here at this time of night and flying so low. So what this was, is anyone's guess. Mind you I have had a number of reports just like this coming from local residents over the past years. One other comment I will make on this report. Due to the view she would have had when she first saw it, the light had to have moving at a extremly fast rate of speed. The view of the mountains she was looking toward, you can see for miles and miles from her location on the highway. I would certainly rule out a small aircraft in this case.  Thank you to the witness for their report. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  <hbccufo@telus.net>    His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is: <http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html>      All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: <http://www.geocities.com/ufologia_canadiana/BC2002sightings.html> PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT::  multi colored object sitting in one position - not a star.;2003-04-15 03:15:00;4 to 6 minutes;multi colored object sitting in one position - not a star. I received a report from a witness (today - May 17, 2003) who resides in Houston, B.C.. One witness on his way to the Huckleberry Mine outside of Houston. At approx: 70 kilometers south from town he saw a multi colored object sitting in one position in the distance a head of him. He said to me that he thought it was a bright star due to it twinkling different colors. But after a second or two he thought it could not be that as it was totally over cast. The fellow said he had some extra time before he had to be at his work place, so he stopped and watched the lights for approx: 4 to 6 minutes before it dropped down suddenly behind a mountain. He also claims that the lights dropped straight down rather quickly. Because he was at a distance from it, he certainly could not hear any sounds coming from the thing. The lights/object did not make any sudden movements, it just sat in the one position before disappearing behind the mountain. In the area there are no towers, or anything else which would cause any strange lighting. The area in question is very rugged and wild.  HBCC UFO Note: When the chap was telling me the story, I first thought it may have been a star also, but after hearing it was a overcast night/morning and hearing that the lights/object dropped quickly straight down behind a mountain, I kind of ruled out this sighting as being a star. Whatever it was, it left an impression on the guy.  Thank you to the witness for his report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting the report.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Large bright white light.;2003-05-31 23:00:00;5 to 6 seconds;Large bright white light. This report just came in about 30 to 45 minutes ago. ( June 5, 2003).  A Houston, B.C. resident phoned and reported that he and a friend watched a steady bright white light fly rather quickly over the edge of the town of Houston, B.C. ( 1 kilometer east of my home) at a low altitude (approx: 6 thousand feet - one of the witnesses is a pilot himself). The light was heading in an easterly direction. There was no tail seen trailing the object. The also added that the light would have been twice as bright as the planet Venus. The sighting lasted for about 5 to 6 seconds.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing the report with NUFORC.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Bright light 3 times larger than Venus;2003-07-27 23:30:00;3 seconds;Bright light 3 times larger than Venus This morning (July 28, 2003) I received a telephone call from a Houston resident, and good friend who asked if anyone from the Houston area had made a sighting report. I said no, as I had not received anything at this time. The fellow who made the report is very credible and also is a good friend.  The gentleman was sitting outside on his porch last night at 11:30 p.m. (July 27, 2003), he said there was not a cloud in the sky, no moon and a sky filled with stars. He told me he looked towards the east and then looked towards the west scanning the night sky. As he looked straight down his driveway, which he is then facing west, 10 degrees above the tree-line the witness spotted a great big bright white light moving very slowly in a northerly direction and was observed for approx: 3 seconds. He said the light was at least 3 times brighter than the planet Venus. He also said it looked as if the light just faded out, just as if you were watching a light bulb slowly going off. As the witness noted, it wasn't a star or planet. No tail was observed coming off the light.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing this report with NUFORC.  We have checked to see whether the sighting might have been caused by an overflight of the International Space Station, but it was not over British Columbia at this time, and on this date.  It had passed over approximately 66 minutes earlier.  One possibility that we feel would have to be ruled out is a tumbling booster rocket shell in orbit.  The sunlight they reflect as they tumble is intermittent.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Object it zig zagged and disappeared.;2003-07-31 23:30:00;approx: 4 sec.;Local Call.  This reported sighting took place just over Houston, B.C.  A Houston resident telephoned me today to explain what she saw out her bedroom window. The witness had jumped into bed ready for a night's sleep when something caught her attention, her bedroom window faced the northeastern portion of the sky. She saw a extremely bright white light flying at a low altitude and it shot across the sky. When she first noticed it, the light/object was traveling in a straight line, but then before she lost sight of it the object it zig zagged and disappeared. (The witness is going to give me a sketch of what the event looked like).  No tail was observed trailing the object, no sound was heard as the witness said she had her window open due to it being very warm out. The witness said the object was approx: the size of her finger nail. Another interesting thing about this sighting was that the light/object had a number of lights running around the outside of it, and all white in color. The event lasted approx: 4 seconds.  The sighting scared the witness enough that she had a hard time getting to sleep that night.  Thank you to the person who made the report. Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing the report with NUFORC.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Bright white light zig zagged low in the night sky.;2003-07-31 23:35:00;few seconds;Bright white light zig zagged low in the night sky. Local Call.  Another call came in today from two witnesses who reside just west of Houston, B.C. A husband a wife were out finishing up their farm chores when they both witnessed a bright white light moving quickly towards the northeast. They reported that the light was very low and flying over the town of Houston. I talked with the husband and he said the whole event lasted no more than a few seconds, but what caught them off guard was the fact that the light zig zagged low across the sky. He said it was the strangest thing, meaning they never witnessed anything like this due to the fact that the light moved so erratically and low in the sky. (HBCC UFO Note: I believe the two reports are certainly connected due to the explanation that was given in both reports.  I will be talking more to both witnesses and gathering additional information on this event.  Thank you to the folks for their report.   Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  The International Space Station had passed over at approximately 23:20 hrs. on this date, but it would have been to the south of the witnesses, not to the northeast.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Another Zig Zagging Light Light.;2003-08-02 00:15:00;approx: 3 seconds;Another Zig Zagging Light Light. I went to the Houston mall today to pick up some more tapes, when I was there one of the stores employees told me about a sighting he and his friend had when they were out camping at Irrigation Lake which is just a few minutes west of Houston, British Columbia.  Both were sitting at the lakes shore when a bright white flash of light caught their eye and traveled from the north to the south and at a high rate of speed. Before they lost sight of it, the light started zig zagging briefly across the sky and completely disappeared. The entire event lasted approx: 3 seconds but it did give the fellows something interesting to tell their friends.  HBCC UFO Note: It seems there has been a lot of this type of sightings recently that I have received. Lights zig zagging across the sky. It makes me wonder what the heck these lights are.  Thank you to the fellow for his report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Strange object hovering over top of Pea Cock mountain.;2003-09-02 23:05:00;6 to 8 seconds;An elderly couple living on Bold Road, just off Buck Flats Road reported that they watched a very strange object hovering over top of Pea Cock mountain. The wife was alerted to it first, then called her husband to come and watch. They told me that lights would be seen running around the outside of the object, but it was hard to make out the actual shape of the craft. More round in shape they guessed. As the object was very close to their location, they said not a sound was heard coming from it. As they observed the object, it did move along the top of the mountain for approx: a kilometer. It stopped and dropped down behind the mountain rather quickly. That was the last time they saw the object that night.  The on September 3, 2003 at approx: 11:45 p.m. the same object showed up over the mountain, but more towards the south. This time the object did not move in any direction and was observed for approx: 6 to 8 seconds before it dropped out of sight. Again no sound was heard, and the object, or light coming from it was extremely bright. Both of the witnessed said they have never witnessed anything like it before, and was really surprised to see this strange object which they have no explanation for.  HBCC UFO Note: This was certainly not a star, or Mars. The second date of the sighting the object was a good height off the top ridge of the mountain, and if a star it would have taken sometime to drop down and out of sight. Also I asked the local helicopter businesses to see if they had any flying in the area at the time of this sighting. There was none flying at that time. Everything was shut down before dark.  Thank you to the witnesses for their report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Huge bright light drops right over the tree tops.;2003-10-22 19:00:00;3 minutes;Huge bright light drops right over the tree tops. I just received a call from a local resident who was witness to an amazing sight just west of Houston on October 22, 2003 at 7:00 p.m. pst. The lady had phoned to see if anyone else in the area had made a report on the object.  The lady was on her way back home from Smithers, British Columbia which is about a 45 minute drive from Houston. She had a number of young girls with her as she was bringing them back home from a dance rehearsal which they were attending in Smithers. As she made her way up Hungry Hill, and driving slowly due to the foggy condition and just as the lady was to break out of the fog she noticed a extremely bright white object a head of them and not very high up in the sky. As they motored along the object dropped quickly from the higher altitude to just above the tree tops, still moving towards the west, or in the Smithers direction. (HBCC UFO Note: The witnesses said the white light was so low over the tree tops she thought it was going to hit).  She told me her first thought it was an airplane when it was at the higher altitude, but when it dropped so suddenly she ruled that idea out, still not knowing what it was she was observing. The lady went on to say the object/light was huge. Flat like a dinner plate with something hanging from the bottom of it, there was one single green light on the object on the bottom. She mentioned that they were maybe only a half mile away from the object at it's closet point to them. The witness also said at one point the object moved in different directions carrying these maneuvers out very rapidly.  The lady said she wanted to stop to take a good look due to her driving the car, but all the young kids in the vehicle were very frightend so she kept traveling along slowly and glancing behind her from time to time until the object/light had disappeared from her sight. There was no sound heard coming from the object, she did say they had the radio on, but it was turned off when they spotted the object and the car window rolled down.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;54.4035;-126.6468
