HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Large object parallels Truck on Highway #16 at approx: 300 - 400 feet away.;2003-03-03 07:55:00;approx: 1 1/2 mins;Large object parallels Truck on Highway #16 at approx: 300 - 400 feet away. Tonight on Friday, March 7, 2003 at approx: 8:30 p.m. I received a telephone call from two local Houston, B.C. residents who wanted to report something very strange they had saw on March 3, 2003 at approx: 7:55 a.m. The two witnesses were at the same location here in town when they made the call to me here at HBCC UFO Research. The reason why the witnesses decided to tell their story was due to the newspaper articles which ran on the UFO Survey, and myself in out local newspaper this past Wednesday. They also told me they both spent sometime trying to make up their minds if they should actually call me over what they saw. The first thing one of the fellows said to me was, my buddy and I saw something very weird the other day, and are still questioning ourselves over what we saw. He went on to say there was himself and his friend in his truck travelling along highway #16 just east from Houston, B.C. Since it is getting lighter earlier these days, the fellows witnesses this object in the daylight. Just before they got to Perow, there is a large farmers field which runs for a long way, and also runs along side the highway with a buffer of trees between the field and the highway. His friend was the passenger in the truck and first noticed a large object paralleling them along the highway. The driver looked at the speed they were travelling and said he was doing approx: 50 kilometers an hour. The distance between the witnesses and the object would have been approx: 300 to 400 feet. So they both had a very close up look at it. (keep in mind there were the trees in between the truck and object which did hinder the view at times). Also the field drops down somewhat below the highway, so the forestry workers did not get a good look at the bottom of this craft. They both described the object as looking like an Air Stream Trailer, and the size was close to the a Greyhound Bus. It was metallic in color, and no other features could be seen on it. No lights, windows, nothing !! The object stayed straight across from their truck as they drove along, as I mentioned above. It paced their veicle !! The passenger had rolled down the window to see if he was able to hear any sound coming from this object, but none was heard, it was silent. After approx: 3/4 quarters of a kilometer the craft turned slowly away from the highway, wobbled slightly, sped up, wobbled once again and then shot off out of sight very quickly. HBCC UFO Note: Since the object was so low, and on the other side of the standing trees, I asked if they had observed any moment in the trees. Such as any disturbance which would have moved the tress in anyway. None was noticed. Something else I should add. When the witnesses mentioned that is wobbled, one of the fellows said it was like looking through a heat wave, which gave it a look as if it was slightly wobbling. Also both of the man made comments to one another, saying it was so strange and not a normal aircraft as it had no wings on it's body. He also mentioned due to the type of work he is involved with he had made many trips on different aircraft, and what he and his friend saw was no aircraft they know of.  I am also going out tomorrow to grab some pictures of the area where the sighting took place. I hope to have some drawings and more information after I sit down and chat with the two witnesses over the weekend. There is more to this story to come. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  <hbccufo@telus.net>    His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is: <http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html>      All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: <http://www.geocities.com/ufologia_canadiana/BC2002sightings.html> PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  C shaped object hovering with lights;2003-04-21 22:30:00;20 - 30 minutes;C shaped object hovering with lights The below sighting I believe ties in with the report for April 21, 2003 and located at: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/bc_2003_2.htm  (Scroll down page for report).  I talked with a witness twice, but today ( May 21, 2003) I received the rest of the story on the sighting the two witnesses had which took place between April 20th and the 24th. I was very interested to see what the exact date would have been for their sighting, as I had a good report come into me of a large triangular craft which was seen approx: 2 kilometers east of Houston, B.C. on April 21, 2003. The witness I chatted with today was not completely sure of the exact date her and her husband witnessed, but it could have been on April 21, 2003.  I telephoned the witness I met today ( May 21, 2003) and made arrangements to meet at their home to discuss what it was they saw. This sighting took place approx: 8 minutes west of Houston. These folks, who I can say are very credible people and have a beautiful home sitting on a large parcel of land. The view they have of the surrounding area is really something. They also have a great view of the Telkwa mountain range where so many strange lights/objects have been seen.  We sat down and she proceeded to tell me the details of what was seen that night. The couple had already put their young children to bed earlier, and they were getting themselves ready for bed when the wife went to close their bedroom curtains when she saw a tight cluster of lights just sitting stationary in the sky, and not very far from their farm. The formation of lights also were not that high in the sky. She called to her husband to come and have a look with her, and he also was shocked at what he was seeing and could not figure out what the lights were. He proceeded to go and grab his binoculars and they both took turns viewing the lights. As they now had a better, and closer look at the lights, I was told that although it was dark, they could see a shape to the object. It looked like the letter C, but with lights on the outside, or the curved surface of the object. The colors of the lights went from a yellow/white, red and green. Another interesting thing about the lights were that each light took it's turn growing in brightness. This continued on for some time while the object sat in the one position. They also told me that the object did not move from it's position. The sighting lasted for approx: 20 to 30 minutes. (HBCC UFO Note: Due to the length of time the object/lights sat in the one position, I wondered if it could have been bright stars they may have been observing, but they told me that they told me whatever it was, was sitting far to low, and pretty close to their location. Both of them thought the object may have been hovering over highway #16, or at least close to it which is not far from their farm. Also other objects in the sky did move slightly (stars) and this object did not move as they had it lined up with a popular tree on their farm). They did open the window to see if any sound could be heard coming from it, but nothing. I also asked if they noticed any kind of reactions coming from the pets they have, and none was noted. Object/lights seen in the southwesterly portion of t! he night sky.  After watching this for a while, they closed over the curtains and went to bed, but having this still on their mind the wife got up and peeked out the window shortly after they settled in for the night and the object was gone. She told me this really frightened her, now wondering what it was they were looking at. I am sure many or all will not remember a sighting back in August 23, 2002 of a HUGE object in which these same folks witnessed, and captured on video. Not a half hour after she shot the video, and doing the rest of the dishes, she noticed another object and again caught this on tape. And I have viewed the tapes, and have them both here with me. So these local residents are seeing some strange things here in Houston, B.C.  Thank you to the witnesses for their report. Computer images, maps, etc.. of this object will be posted to my website soon.   Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing the report.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  five witnesses watched a huge object move silently and low over the tree line;2003-06-05 01:30:00;approx: 3 minutes;On June 5, 2003 at 1:30 a.m. I received a telephone call, in which I missed by seconds. A witness was trying to get a hold of me, to inform me that if I jumped into my vehicle and headed west out of town (Houston) I would have been able to witness the object they were all watching. The witness telephoned me again this morning at 8:15 a.m. and filed her report. I also talked with others who also witnessed this object. I am just about to do the weekly radio spot with  CJFW FM, plus I did a an interview a while ago with CFBV FM for their news. I will be requesting if other folks had observed this object that they contact me. Also the witness mentioned they would have never called me that early in the morning if they weren't sure of what they were seeing, and being so strange. Plus as I said above, if I would have hurried out the door I would have seen it for myself, so the witnesses said. A few minutes drive west of Houston, five witnesses watched a huge object move silently and low over the tree line. Just before 1:30 a.m. the witness woke up as she heard her youngest child get up.  As the Mom made her way through their home, she walked by one of the windows and saw a very bright light/object.  As she stared at it, she noticed that it was moving very slowly and was of an enormous size.   She told me she screamed for her husband to get out of bed, which he did. Because of all the commotion the parents were making, their other two children got up to see what was going on.  One of the youngster said, what is that big flashlight doing in the sky?   The folks who were watching the object said, there had to have been others who saw it, due to it's size, brightness and rate of speed. Also they noted they could hear freight liners traveling on the highway at the time of their sighting. The witnesses described the object as being boomerang in shape with a massive white/yellow glow around it. There were large bright light white lights in the center of the object. They heard not a sound from it, also the dogs took no notice of it. The sighting lasted approx: 3 minutes and disappeared behind the treeline and towards the southwest. After the event was over, the Mom had a problem in getting back to sleep as what she saw frightened her very much. Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing this report with NUFORC.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Round in shape, silver in color traveling very quickly.;2003-06-25 14:30:00;approx: 3 seconds;Round in shape, silver in color traveling very quickly. A number of witnessed watched an unusual object fly from the Telkwa Mountain range in the direction of the Morice Valley. There were 5 people in the bunch and reported the object as being round in shape, silver in color. The folks I talked with said the object shot across the daylight sky very quickly, leaving out the thought that it may have been a normal aircraft. There were no wings, or anything else noted. It seemed as if the object had a smooth surface all the way around it. Mind you it was at a good distance away. No sound, no lights were reported seen on it. The sighting lasted for approx: 3 seconds.  Thank you to the witnesses for the report.   Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Cloud starting to form very quickly.;2003-08-13 00:05:00;4 to 5 minutes;HBCC UFO talked with a gentleman who resides in Houston, B.C. The witness told me he packed his camera and tripod up and headed over to one of the fields on their farm. He was going to capture some shots of the planet Mars and the Moon as it is so beautiful right now. As he was setting up his equipment he noticed something very odd. In a totally clear sky he watched a cloud starting to form very quickly. As he mentioned it came out of no where and seemed to be shaping up in a oblong shape. Due to the Moon being bright he had no problem in watching this phenomena. The fellow also said there was some type of disturbance which was taking place in the cloud itself. He tried to explain what he saw, and the best example he could come up was: From end to end of this narrow formed cloud, it appeared to look like someone had taken a shot with a powerful gun, and the force of the shell was cutting through the cloud. Causing a disturbance within, or center of the cloud which ran from end to end. There was no lights/object seen at all, just this strange long mass of cloud which appeared right out of nowhere. It sat stationary for approx: 4 to 5 minutes and dissipated.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Moon sized object hovers above the ground.;2004-02-03 07:06:00;3 to 4 minutes;Moon sized object hovers above the ground. This sighting took place approx: 5 kilometers west of Houston, British Columbia. The area where the sighting took place has been a very active location for numerous sightings over 2002 and 2003. The farm I visited today (February 4, 2003) sits high above the Bulkley Valley and these folks and their neighbors have a terrific view of all the surroundings.  A witness called me on the morning of February 4, 2004 to report that she and her husband both saw something that didn't look right. The woman gets up early to get her husband and children ready for the day's work and school. As she made her way through her home at 7:06 a.m. she walked by the kitchen sink, stopped, backed up and gave a call out for her husband to come and have a look at what she was watching.  Both stood inside their home looking out the window at a moon sized object. It's color was very bright, (a good example would be if you were sitting looking into a camp fire watching the bright colored flames shooting up). This object was bright! The witness only could guess as to the shape of it, but thought it was circular. She reported to me the top of the object was domed shaped for sure. (also what is very important in this story is that it was completely dark outside, the sun had not started to rise).  The farm the family owns is very large, and there is a great deal of pasture. From the kitchen where they observed the object, there is a clump of poplar and spruce trees. Then behind that is another opening of pasture area, then another row or clump of trees. In-between these rows of trees, is where the object was seen moving about. Not in an erratic fashion at all, it just dropped down slowly and stopped!  Since the orange glowing object was staying stationary at the time, the lady grabbed her video camera and started to shoot some film from the kitchen window. Because what she and her husband were watching was certainly strange looking, she thought about making a move to the outside onto the patio. She ran quickly to the front door, opened it and went outside with video camera in hand. When she looked over to the area where the object was sitting, or had been ....it had vanished. The woman ran back inside to the kitchen window again, and there it was, sitting stationary and shining very brightly. So she shot a little more footage until it just blinked out.  After I took the call about the sighting, I asked was she going to be at home for a while, and if so, I would like to come out to have a look around. I also wanted to take a look at the footage and do the report of the sighting. The witness said it would be fine if I wanted to come up to their home right away, so I grabbed my keys and headed out.  I was greeted by the witnesses when I arrived and she explained exactly what they saw, showed me where the object was located and where she was standing when filming. The lady then showed me into the kitchen and told me that this is where she first noticed it. She then took me outside and pointed to where the object was when she tried to capture it on film.  I said you are kidding, because it would not have mattered from either location the lady was filming from, the object should have been visible. With winter here the popular trees had already dropped their leaves months ago. There were not many spruce trees in the area to block out such a large object. Why the witness could not see it when she went outdoors is a mystery to me, there was nothing to block out this large orange glowing object. I could see clearly through the first set of trees to the second row. So why the light disappeared has me baffled.  We went back into the house so she could let me view the footage she shot. What I viewed was a totally blackened area, there was no light from an approaching sunrise. The object as the witness described to me was sitting exactly where she told me it was. It was a brilliant orange light and extremely large in size. Something else I found interesting was one of the larger popular trees which was in front of the light, (closest to their home and at the edge of the open field) there is what looks like a string of lights which is running down the tree. When I first looked at this part in the footage it reminded me as if one was looking at a set of Christmas lights running from the top branches downward to about half the length of the tree. The lights also spread out over a few of the larger branches as well. These streamers of light were also very bright.  I eventually left the witnesses home and drove up the road to look around away from the site where the object had been seen. But from the vantage point I was at now, I was able to look over all the fields and the valley below. I did not see anything out of the norm. I also drove back down the road and stopped at the side of the road and looked around the area where the large object was spotted, again I saw no signs of any kind of disturbance in the snow or around and on any of the trees.  So what the husband and wife witnessed is an unknown for now.  I was also given a copy of the tape to have it looked at.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research email: hbccufo@telus.net Home phone 250 845 2189 website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
