HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Houston, B. C. Date: 03FE03 Time: approx: 8:10 a.m.;2003-02-03 08:10:00;40 seconds;REPORT: Houston, British Columbia Date: February 3, 2003 Time: approx: 8:10 a.m. Possible Landing of an object !! HBCC UFO Note: The couple of days ago I reported that three blue/white lights in a triangular shape were witnessed by a Canfor sawmill employee flying very low over top of him. The object moved very quickly and disappeared over one of Houston, B.C. local mountains. This sighting took place on February 3, 2003 at approx: 8:10.p.m. Today, February 9, 2003 I went to visit a close friend. While sitting around talking he told me that his brother has witnessed something very strange on February 3, 2003, in the morning between 8:00 & 8:10 a.m. Of course my ears perked up when I heard the date of the sighting, and I asked my friend if he would call his brother and ask if it would be ok to come over to take his report on what he saw. He agreed and I soon left my buddies home and headed over to look into this new report. First of all, I would like to point out that the fellow who gave me his account of events, does not really believe in UFOs, or visitors from else where. I also know this fellow very well, and both himself and his wife are well respected in the community of Houston. The witness to the early morning sighting works for Houston Forest Products which is one of two large and very modern sawmills. At the time of his sighting he was operating a heavy machine in the log yard when a extremely bright yellow/orange light caught his attention. The source of the light was coming from the northern side of Pea Cock Mountain, which is at the south end of the forest companies property. There was a low lying fog in the valley that morning but from his position he could see the fog had only gone part ways of the mountains, so it was laying very low. After he saw the intense light, he saw what he first thought was a helicopter, but wondered why it had such a bright light on it, then after a couple of seconds went by he thought it couldn't be a helicopter due to the size of it. The description he gave me of this object was as follows, the object at a distance of approx: 2 kilometers ( or less) away up on the side of Pea Cock Mountain on a logged off area, sat either hovering, or sat on the ground for approx: 40 seconds. The witness said the color of the object was a light gray/white. And the color was changing, as if it was translucent (almost as if it was flickering in and out). The craft was oval is shape with this bright yellow/orange light dead center at the bottom of the object. As the witness sat watching it, it rose up only a little, and flew to the south heading to the top of Pea Cock Mountain. But before it even came close to the top of the mountain, and with no obstructions in between the witness and the craft it completely disappeared. Or as they say, blinked out. Now I find this interesting because of two reports on the very same day, one in the morning and evening in pretty much the same area. HBCC UFO Note: Monday morning I will be stopping into the local helicopter business, in which there is two of. I want to see if they were flying that morning, or around the time of the sighting. I also will stop in and see if the forestry knows of any logging operations going on at the sighting location. Plus I may have to dig out the snowshoes and take a short hike to look around the area for any possible signs that something may have been there. It has not snowed in a while here, so if anything had got close to the ground, or even landed, there should be signs of this taking place.  I will keep everyone posted on this case. Also I am just going to post a computer graphic on my site to give you an example of what this thing looked like. My wife recreated it from the drawing the witnesses supplied. (Keep in mind, the computer image is close, but not exact in color. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Mr. Brian Vike, independent UFO investigator in northern British Columbia, for sharing this report with NUFORC.  Contact information for Mr. Vike appears below:     Brian Vike   (Yogi) Independent UFO Field Investigator/Researcher   HBCC UFO Research Box 1091 Houston, B.C. Canada VOJ-1ZO   Editor: Canadian Communicator (Paranormal Magazine) Paranormal Magazine Phone/Fax - 1-250-845-2189  Email - hbccufo@telus.net hbccufo@yahoo.com http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html   PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  White oval craft with a solid blue right around it.;2003-12-08 20:45:00;approx: 4 minutes;White oval craft with a solid blue right around it. I was stopped today in the mall and pulled off to the side. A lady who I know very well wanted to tell me about something she and her husband and two children witnessed on December 8, 2003 at approx: 8:45 p.m.  Her husband had just picked her up from a friends house and they arrived back home shortly after. They pulled into their long driveway only to see the two kids standing outside yelling and pointed towards the mountain behind their home. The husband stopped the car quickly and both parents jumped out in fear as they had no idea what was wrong, thinking the worst. They almost immediately noticed a white oval shaped object sitting stationary over the back of their property.  The oval shaped object had a solid ring of blue lights which seemed to be moving around the white colored object. A slight and annoying hum could be heard coming from it. The Mother went over and grabbed the two children and went into the house with them, Dad followed close behind. They thought it would be safer than standing outside as they had no idea what is was they were looking at. Once inside the home, they proceeded to a back bedroom, closed the door behind them as not to allow any light from inside the home to give away where they were. (feeling frightened at this time)  But still curiosity was getting the best of them. So they watched the object, still sitting in the exact spot from when they first noted it. The family told me the trees which were below it were all lit up in a white light, and for a good distance around the area. After a total of approx: 4 minutes of watching this unusual craft, it slowly started to move. As it did so the witnesses claimed they could see sparks dropping off the bottom side of it. The sparks were reported to be a white in color. They told me that there was no quick moment to the object, it just rose up rather slowly and as it reached the top of the mountain this is where they lost sight of it. The craft did not blink out, they thought it just crossed over the top and maybe moved down the other side. They reported that whatever it was, was huge.  The husband told me it was not a helicopter, no way !! He said we were very close to this thing, and what noise it gave off was minimal, except for this consent humming sound. The husband also said area residents would have been blind not to see this as it was so bright and large in size.  HBCC UFO Note: After I talked with the witness in the mall I made arrangements and did go to visit the whole family earlier today. I sat with all of them for a long period of time and I can say this for certain. I believe they saw something really strange as everyone was still very excited over what they saw that evening. I also will be going back tomorrow to look around the area where this object was reported to be hovering.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com;54.4035;-126.6468
