HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Fast moving blue/white lights in the shape of a triangle.;2003-02-03 20:10:00;2 seconds;REPORT: Fast moving blue/white lights in the shape of a triangle. Houston, British Columbia Date: February 3, 2003 Time: approx: 8:10 p.m. Today, Friday, February 7, 2003 I was contacted about a sighting which took place here in Houston, B.C. A Canfor employee who run a track mobile at the saw mill was moving around chip cars on company property. He said he climbed down off the machine he was operating to switch over to another track, when an extremely fast object, or for a better word, three bright, hazy blue/white lights came out of the north and disappeared to the south. The witness said everything happened to fast that he could not make out any type of outline to what he was viewing. The forestry worker said the three lights were in a triangular shape, and held the same shape until he lost sight of it. I asked the witness if he might be able to give me a rough idea of the altitude the lights were at. (I gave him a few examples). In the end he mentioned the lights were not that high above him. But had to be high enough to clear the mountains to the south. (approx: 2500 to 3000 feet). HBCC UFO Note: Again we have another reported sighting in the area of the Morice Valley country, where many strange sighting were witnessed by many in 2002. I have giving the fellow a couple of days and plan to sit down and chat with him again, maybe he may be able to remember something important. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Mr. Brian Vike, independent UFO investigator in northern British Columbia, for sharing this report with NUFORC.  Contact information for Mr. Vike appears below:     Brian Vike   (Yogi) Independent UFO Field Investigator/Researcher   HBCC UFO Research Box 1091 Houston, B.C. Canada VOJ-1ZO   Editor: Canadian Communicator (Paranormal Magazine) Paranormal Magazine Phone/Fax - 1-250-845-2189  Email - hbccufo@telus.net hbccufo@yahoo.com http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html   PD));54.4035;-126.6468
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Large flying triangle slowly moving.;2003-04-21 23:45:00;approx: 10 seconds;Large flying triangle slowly moving. I had a local call today from a Houston resident who asked if I was free and if I would be able to drop by his home. I jumped into the car and drove the 2 kilometers east from Houston to his home, where they have a large farm. When I arrived I was greeted by the fellow who asked if I would come in and listen to a story of a strange event that took place April 21, 2003, at 11:45 p.m..  We sat down and he explained that he was walking home from his bothers place, (which runs along highway #16). As he got to where their driveway meets the highway, he saw a large blackened object (craft) flying very low over top the tree line and across the highway heading in an easterly direction coming from the west (?). He told me what caught his attention to the object was that being a completely clear night and gazing up at the stars there was a large part of the sky in which no stars were visible, but only the outline of something huge and dark in color. As we watched it a number of rolls of lights came on, which scared him darn near out of his pants. He told me he ran the short distance to their home and yelled to his mother to come out and look at what he was watching. Both of them stood looking at this massive object slowly fly by. All of a sudden the lights that were visible which had just came on, went out. Due to the farm having a great deal of trees around it, they soon started to lose sight of what ever it was that was flying by. (HBCC UFO Note: I asked if they could give me a rough idea what the shape of this object looked like. Both said it looked as if it might have been triangular in shape. How they came to this idea was due to the lights which came on. The witnesses said the rolls of lights on the underside of the craft seemed to sweep back from a point on an angle. (direction the craft was heading - so the front of it) Or to give a better idea may be if one was looking at a flight of geese in a V formation. The main colors of the lights were white, with some green/red also in the mix. They also reported that it looked as if there were three large rolls of the lights on the underside. I also asked if they could tell me the rough size of it. They both said it was massive, then looked at one another hoping, I guess one would come up with a better description of just how big this was. They said it had to have been close to the size of a large jet airliner, or a bit larger.  The sighting lasted approx: for 10 to 12 seconds before they lost sighting of it, after looking around the area where they live I figured that would have been a long time to view this due to so many trees which would have started to block their view of the object. No sound was heard what so ever. They also have a large dog in which seemed to be disturbed as the craft flew on by so they said. The fellow said the object  was approximately 400 to 500 feet above the tree tops, which was pretty darn low. (HBCC UFO Note: I wondered if the object had made some kind of change in it's flight path before the witness caught sight of it. These folks live right below Mount Harry Davis, so if it came from over top the mountain it would have had to drop approx: 1500 feet to arrive at the height the people reported seeing it at. Or I wondered if  the object had flown from the south, which would have taken it over, or close to the town of Houston, B.C. and then made it's turn easterly. Another strange thing they mentioned. (a little sketchy here), but their impression of it was that it had a large body  to it. Meaning it wasn't so much flat, but more raised at the top of it. ( Bulging at the top, but curved if one had blown up a balloon - They could not be completely sure of this, but as I mentioned, it was their impression of how they saw it).  The Mom said she hardly slept that night just thinking about it, the fellow didn't seem to have a problem with it after it was all done and over with. But I could certainly hear the excitmentment in their voices when they spoke about this event.  (HBCC UFO Note: Last year for all of 2002, as many of you know I dealt with a large amount of reported sightings. But I did not have many, or any come to think of it, these triangle sighting. This year, 2003 I have had a number of reports of these types of objects flying around my area here in the north, plus sightings from the lower mainland. I am starting to scratch what hair I have left on this bald head wondering what the heck is going on up here. I still am getting reported sightings from local residents, from Houston, Telkwa and Smithers of military vehicles which were running around the area after the July 29, 2002 sighting. Actually the first week in August 2002 when everything started showing up. Also what is interesting is, that more folks are coming forward telling me of all the flights that took place in the first week of August 2002 around these areas. Unmarked aircraft, both fixed wing and helicopters. And folks I can confirm a lot of this as I saw many of these aircraft myself. And they all were flying right over the tree tops, just as if they were looking for something. If that the case or not, I don't really know. But I have no doubt in my mind something major has, and still is taking place around the pacific northwest here in British Columbia.The witnesses, or most of them I can say are good reliable folks. Matter of fact even a few of the reports have come from people in positions of authority of different kinds. I also know I am only receiving a small fraction of the reports, as every week I hear of another sighting coming from a second or third party member. I don't bother to report these as I want the actual witness to step forward to give their account of what they saw. But there are still so many who are not wanting to come forward.  There has been a few other strange things that have taken place along Highway #16 throughout all the communities and I am working on an article on this as well. Why this area is anyone's guess. I know one thing for sure, there has been a ton of lights/objects seen flying south up over and through the Morice River Valley (or road). Now this may be reaching for the stars, but I am trying to think of everything I can to give me a clue to why so many sightings. Why so many being seen heading in the Morice area. Someone brought up an idea to me, saying that the government had closed a part of the Telkwa mountain range down because they transplanted some Caribou a few years ago to the area. Made me think. It may be just that, not wanting the snowmobiles frightening the animals which I certainly can understand, but then again is there possibly another reason. (See the old brain is still working. -:)))  ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike, Director of the Houston, British Columbia, Canada UFO Research organization, for sharing this report.  We encourage other witnesses to the same event to contact Mr. Vike directly at the following e-address:  hbccufo@telus.net  His website homepage for Canadian reports, or ordering his newsletter,  is:  http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html  All the British Columbia UFO reported sightings to HBCC UFO Research can be found at: http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html or http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for this report, and the many other reports, he has shared with our Center.  We recommend that anyone interested in reports from Canada visit the sites shown above.  PD));54.4035;-126.6468
There was a big bright colored triangle object hovering so wwe went to go look at it closer and thats when we noticed another and anoth;2019-11-25 03:30:00;Till daylight;There was a big bright colored triangle object hovering so wwe went to go look at it closer and thats when we noticed another and another.. we got a little frightened so we turned around to go back into our appartment and thats when we realized they were everywhere all around us in the sky;54.4035;-126.6468
