A disk shaped flying object followed the path of our car just above the telephone lines.;1976-10-01 07:00:00;2 minutes or less;A disk shaped flying object followed the path of our car just above the telephone lines. My sister and I were driving down Martindale Rd. between Canton, OH and Kent State University(Kent was our detination)That area at the time was sparsely poulated and was mostly farm land.  I remember looking up and seeing a bright light in the sky and saying to my sister that I did'nt remember that light. (It looked like it could have been the top of a tower but I had'nt recalled seeing a tower.) I don't know if what we saw next had any relationship to what I saw later. In the next minute or so and when we were a few miles just before rt.43 the encounter began.  A silent flying craft(disk shaped) with lights around the circumference began to follow the path of our car along the road and just above the telephone or electric lines to the left. I was driving and a little nervous.  My sister excitedly told me to stop the car.  But I was scared and refused.  When we arrived at rt.43 we had to stop and choose to turn left or right. As I prepared to turn right the craft went at an angle up and over the wooded area that was directly on the other side of rt.43. and disappeared behind the trees. I don't know if the object landed but the downward course of the direction it was going suggested that it was going to land.   Then I got brave, and decided to turn at the first side street off of rt.43. We waited briefly to see if it would go up again but it was starting to get dark and I wanted to get back home.  So our encounter with the object ended there.  I have never stopped thinking about the object and when I found this website I was hoping I would find other reports made in that area at the same time.  People tell us we must have seen a helicopter or an illusion etc. but nothing I have ever heard of fits the description of what we saw except for UFO's. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Source is anonymous, although the reports seems to us to come from a serious-minded individual.  We do not know if the witness means a morning sighting, or an evening event.  PD));40.9651;-81.3241
