enormous linear ufo New preston CT.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible satellites flying in formation, we suspect.  PD));2005-07-11 21:00:00;approx 2 min.;enormous linear ufo New preston CT While camping at lake Waramaug State Park in New Preston, CT I went to the lakeside with my girlfriend around 9:30pm to look at the stars and relax.  I saw a strange (at least to me) perfectly horizontal shooting star, pretty big.  Then, about 5 minutes later, my girlfriend tells me to look up and asks me if I can see what she's seeing.  I don't at first, but she uses a flashlight and points right at it.  It looked EXACTLY like two stars, very far apart, moving in tandem slowly and methodically across the sky.  We watched this thing for close to 2 minutes before it literally vanished - not over the horizon or out of our field of vision. It just disappeared.  This thing had to have been huge.  It would not be exagerrating to estimate at least 400 feet in length. One light at the front, one at the back. No pulsing, no flashing. Totally and completely silent and very high up, or at least it was disguised to look as if it was.  If we hadn't been scanning the sky, we never would have seen it.  It looked EXACTLY like two big and bright stars, very far apart only moving together through the sky, obvious to anyone who saw it that they were part of one enormous craft of some kind. It really looked as if it was using some sort of cloaking device or disguise - I knwo that sounds crazy, but you had to see it - it was obviously trying NOT to be seen.  As a soldier in the bush wears camouflage and greasepaint to blend in with the jungle... that's what it made me think of. I've seen quite a few UFO's and such in my life, but this was without a doubt one of the most indisputable sightings I've ever had.  No question that it was up there. No question that it was NOT an airplane, a weather balloon, a meteor, shooting star, bird or swamp gas. And no question that it was gigantic, silent and on a controlled course. Totally amazing.;41.6903;-73.3103
