Observed tube extend from cylinder shaped object on 10/16/2012 on clear day;2012-10-16 11:30:00;1 hour;Observed tube extend from cylinder shaped object on 10/16/2012 on clear day Was in my front side yard taking pictures of flowers and felt a presence.  I stood up and turned facing west and was going to take pictures of fall trees when I observed a long circular white tube which had thin black segments at regular intervals extending from object in the sky that curved toward me. At end of tube appeared to be a dull metal shield which opened like your top eyelid revealing a man who appeared to be in early 30's with black curly hair w/beard and mustache dressed in white robe seated and appeared to be working controls.  The surface at end of tube appeared to be oval shaped and had black edges with amber color in middle but I could see man inside.  Man never looked at me but I felt like I was not supposed to observe.  I remember remarking &quotso that's how they do it&quot as the tube retracted back up to ufo and disappeared into bottom of object.  This took about 25 to 30 seconds. There was no sound. There were no clouds in the sky to obstruct view of object.  There was no wind.  At first I thought it might be a satellite in the sky. I was kind of nervous and felt really strange about what I saw but nothing happened.  I questioned if I really saw what I did see.  I was not afraid of it or that it would harm me.  I just had a sense of curiosity.  I went back into my house for about 5 mins.  I came back out again to take more pics and to see if the object was still there. It was. I decided I would go to my back yard to take pics of more flowers and a crepe myrtle tree.  I then observed the object more nw as if it had moved to observe me.  I tried to take more pictures of the object as I could still see it with my naked eye but could not find it thru the lens of my camera.  I did observe a jet leaving a trail at the time the object was in the sky.  I tried to take several pics at different areas of where ufo was located to see if I could capture it again with my camera but to no avail. When I blew up the picture on my pc, there was a distinct glow of color around object.  There were no wings or obvious fuel tank, etc.  My daughter, who works in Johnson City for the local telephone company, along with fellow employees who were taking a break about 11:30 AM the same day, also saw the same object and many of them thought it was a satellite as well.  They did not observe the tube.  I was able to take 2 pics of ufo but quality was not the best as I had to zoom out my lens to get a picture and only limited zoom on my camera.;36.3292443337485;-82.371304109589
Silver, slowly rotating, pole shaped object - broad daylight;2012-10-16 11:45:00;7 minutes;Silver, slowly rotating, pole shaped object - broad daylight Saw cylindrical shaped silver object at significantly high altitude, approximately over Gray, TN, during daylight hours with excellent visibility.  Object appeared to stand still in the sky, and flash intermittently. I watched the object for approximately 45 seconds to try to determine what I was looking at.  I called my wife out of the house to check out whatever it was. We both watched the object remain completely unmoving in the clear, cloudless sky, for at least a minute.  Without a good reference to scale, the guess of altitude was maybe 10,000ft, and about 3 miles distant from our point of observation, towards the WNW.  I was interrupted by a cell phone call, during which, my wife retrieved a pair of binoculars for closer inspection.   She observed a silver, telephone pole shaped object that rotated slowly, with no other apparent movement, laterally or vertically.  The flash came from one side of the object reflecting the sun as it spun very slowly.  Shewatched the object for several minutes while I returned inside.  I finished my call and returned outside to find my wife clearly astonished by what we had both seen. She handed the binoculars to me, and when I turned to where the object had been, it was gone.  She was confident that it was not a mylar balloon, (too long, skinny), nor any aircraft that was easily recognizable (no wings, not moving, no rotor).  In that general direction lies the regional airport, and possibly even the approaches to Knoxville airport.  My only possible explanation was atmospheric distortion of a flight climbing out of Knoxville, or maybe a weather balloon.  I almost called the regional airport tower to see if they would confirm, but decided not.   After 2 days, my wife and I are still talking about it, so anybody out there who may have seen it, or knows what it was, feel free to post.;36.3292443337485;-82.371304109589
Metallic cylindrical object seen hovering over Johnson City, TN.;2012-10-16 12:10:00;20 minutes;Metallic cylindrical object seen hovering over Johnson City, TN. I was driving north when my passenger spotted a shining object in the sky.  It was hovering for several minutes before it moved quickly to the west.  It came to a stop and hovered in this spot for about 10 minutes.  Occasionally, it would flash very brightly, like it was turning and reflecting the sunlight.  We got to our destination and pointed the object out to three other people.  Someone brought out a pair of binoculars but the object was so distant that they didn't reveal much.  It looked cylindrical.  As we were observing it, the object began to rise straight up and eventually disappeared out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.3292443337485;-82.371304109589
