Plasma balls traveling in a straight line spotted over Sturgeon Bay, WI.;2013-08-15 17:30:00;15 minutes;Plasma balls traveling in a straight line spotted over Sturgeon Bay, WI. It was late afternoon and I was walking my niece’s dog on a path behind my mom’s house in south Sturgeon Bay, not far from the canal.  I was walking toward the bay where I could see almost the entire horizon to the SouthWest.  As I looked up, I noticed something traveling in a straight line in my direction.  As it got closer, I noticed it was pink in color and looked just like what you would see in a plasma globe, just without the glass exterior.  It was sparkly and sometimes would disappear out of view for a millisecond or two.  As it got closer to my position, I noticed it was moving rather slowly, probably around 10-15 mph and wasn’t very high, maybe 2,000 feet in the air.  It didn’t make a sound at all as it passed right over my head. At that point, I looked over the bay and another object, exactly the same as the first, following in its path but about a mile or two behind.  It was at the exact same height and moved at the same speed and trajectory as the first.  I felt like it was close enough that I could have hit it with a rock as it flew right over my head. I looked at the horizon again and there was a third, exactly as far from the second as the second was from the first.  It was identical to the first two in every way, moving at the same speed and trajectory.  At this point, I ran to my mom’s house to get my family to look, but they thought I was joking and weren’t interested.  I went out on the deck to take another look but I couldn't see them from that vantage point and I never saw them again. Two weeks later, I was in Seneca Rocks, WV, and saw another identical plasma ball, but this time at night.  It was very bright, but it disappeared this time before it got to my position. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.8438999999999;-87.3733999999999
