Bright bluish/white light, upon extinguishing reveals tiny dark red and dark green lights, high altitude, silent;2011-05-05 21:50:00;15 seconds;Bright bluish/white light, upon extinguishing reveals tiny dark red and dark green lights, high altitude, silent My 5th UFO sighting 050511, 9:50 PM  This is the second sighting of this type of object in the last 2 months. I previously reported the other sighting on March, 19th, 2011. Below is my latest sighting. I walked outside my home to take out the trash around 9:45 PM (CST).  I was walking down the driveway and looking up at the night sky again around 9:45/50.  As I went back up toward the garage I noticed the sound of several passing commercial jets traveling from east to west just south of my location.  As I looked up at the louder of the two passing jets, a bright light came into my field of view from behind my head. (I was looking up facing east-southeast, looking off and up to my right.)   At first I thought it was another jet with some really bright landing lights on, but there was no sound and no blinking or flashing lights.  The light appeared round, about the size and brightness of Venus as my previous sighting, but this time it did NOT slowly pulsate.  Instead, it gradually faded completely out, leaving only a tiny dark red sphere (about 1/10 the size of the original bright bluish-white light with an even smaller dark green light beyond the red light.  It was as if the rear b! right light source went out and you could briefly see the middle much smaller dark red light with the equally small dark green light at what would be the front or end of the object.  Now, I am calling these “lights”, but the tiny red and green spheres have more of a reflected metallic look to them.  They did not flash or blink.  This view of this object was quickly obscured by some of the very tall pine trees on my property and I lost sight of the tiny red and green light spheres after only a few seconds.  It appeared that all these “lights” were part of one single object which would have been either round, discoid, or cylindrical in shape.  Also, the size of the tiny red and green lights was about the same size as a passing satellite. Again, there was no sound, so I suspect it was at a very great altitude. Could this be something we have in orbit? Do you know if there are any NEW conventional aircraft lights that would behave in this manner? Also, this object was moving very fast, so my view was not very long. The speed was similar to my last sighting in March. There was no exhaust, flame, or contrail visible. I am also sending you a drawing of this object. It looks like we are starting to see these objects more frequently over the greater Houston/Tomball/Hockley, Texas area. Keep looking up! Keep reporting!;30.0727;-95.8087999999999
