Black rectangle further details;2006-11-09 09:00:00;4 minutes;Black rectangle further details I almost fell out of my chair when I read the possible explanation for my black rectangle sighting of Nov 9, 2006.  Still, I appreciate the open and questioning nature of the NUFORC website, and I’d like to respond. First of all, I am well aware of the planes towing the banners.  Usually they are for the 12 Oaks Townhouses.  It couldn’t be more obvious that a small plane is towing a white banner with clearly legible type.  Not by any stretch of the imagination is this remotely a possibility for what I saw.  Neither was it a billboard or a streetlight or a street sign. It was a smoky matte black rectangle, close enough so that I could see it was quite large, in the same way that you can quickly tell if a nearby airplane is a child’s toy, a small plane like the ones that tow the banners, or a large jumbo jet.  This rectangle was clearly a jumbo.  And it was hanging in the air, moving slowly or possibly not at all when I first sighted it.  It was electrifying to see it, and in one second I ruled out all the usual suspects- a sign, a light, and yes, I even briefly considered a banner as a possibility.  But this was obviously an independent floating or flying craft of some kind, with no supporting poles or strings attached. I got a very clear and long look at the rectangle in a large open area, above the horizon, with no obscuring foliage, as I continued down the raised highway.  It was one of those things I’ll remember crystal clearly for the rest of my life.  At this point it was evident that yes, the craft was moving, albeit relatively slowly, much slower than even a small airplane would move.  And the edges were distinct and crisp, although there was an unusual, almost ominous tone to the black color.  It was sort of unearthly, actually, a smoky matte black, as I stated earlier.  I felt that it was metallic.  I believe I was looking at a side panel or back panel or front panel of the craft.  At the time, I thought that the rest of the ship was hidden by perspective, but now I tend to think it was camouflaged with the exception of this one panel, for whatever reason. My great regret is that I didn’t stop the car and flag down other motorists to be witnesses.  I thought of doing it, but it would have been very dangerous in the rush-hour traffic with a narrow shoulder, with me not wanting to take my eyes off this incredible ship in the sky.  I’m glad I was able to keep looking at it, though, because as I was watching it in this wide-open area it just faded away, or cloaked out, before my eyes, as if it realized it was being watched.  Briefly, I could see a diffuse rectangular shape well camouflaged against the blue sky, sort of like a rectangular panel of water hanging in the air might look like from a distance.  The ship definitely disappeared from cloaking, as opposed to traveling too quickly to observe.  Absolutely amazing. Since then, I’ve researched these types of sightings quite a bit.  The shape I saw is very much like the shape I’ve seen witnesses draw of the sides of black triangles or similar craft.  Some people believe these are secret American military craft- perhaps a stealth blimp- but I find that very hard to believe.  Reports of these types of sightings go back over half a century, and have become quite common the last decade or so.  These ships, usually seen in heavily populated areas, are sometimes seen to move at incredible, apparently instantaneous-type speeds.  I saw one fade from view right before my eyes.  If we’ve had these ships for half a century, which in itself is ludicrous, we’d have been using them in battle for quite some time now.  I’ve seen a Stealth Bomber flying up close, and as awesome as the Stealth Bomber was, I have to say that the black rectangle was a lot more amazing.  An advertising banner?  Absolutely not!;42.0272763779528;-88.0914566929134
Black rectangle clear daylight sighting near highway;2006-11-09 09:00:00;1 minute 45 seconds;Black rectangle clear daylight sighting near highway I was driving in my car, southbound on Rt 53 in the northwest suburbs of Chicago, south of Palatine Rd, when I very clearly observed a large black rectangle hanging in the sky, approximately one mile west of the highway and 30 degrees to the south.  It was fairly low, maybe 500 feet or less in altitude.  The object appeared to be approximately twice as thick, and 25% longer, than a large passenger jet.  It was rush hour, traffic was very fast and heavy, and throughout the sighting I did not feel it was safe to pull over to the narrow left shoulder of the highway.  I was concentrating on watching the object while intermittently making sure I didn’t drive off the road or hit another car.  The object appeared to be hovering in the sky, blimp-like.  The bright morning sun was in the east, and the object was in the west, so it was fully illuminated from my perspective.  Visibility was extremely clear.  An aircraft in that circumstance would appear bright whitish-silver, but this object was dark black.  The edges of the rectangle were fairly sharp and stark, but it is possible that there was some additional dimension at the edges.  After driving for maybe 15-20 seconds, I lost sight of the object behind some trees.  After another 25 seconds or so, I passed the trees and was able to see the object again.  At this point it was maybe two-thirds its original size, and I felt that it was moving to the southwest, perhaps 90 miles an hour or so, roughly keeping pace with me in a southern direction, but moving farther west away from the highway.  It was still starkly black.  I watched it for maybe another 20 seconds, when before my eyes it began to fade.  Within about five seconds, it completely faded out of sight.  My impression was not that it moved rapidly away, although that might be possible.  Rather it seemed to get fuzzy, misty and dimmer, until it just faded out of sight.  Much like a cloaking device was going into effect.  It was an amazing sight.  The highway curved, and I kept looking ou! t in tha t direction.  Maybe 25 seconds later I saw it again, but now it was a whitish color that very much blended in with the sky and made seeing it difficult.  By now it appeared to be even farther southwest, and was maybe half or one-third the size as it was when I first saw it.  After another 10 seconds or so, the highway turned again.  I lost sight of the object and never saw it again.  For comparison, I did observe airplanes in the sky immediately afterward, as they are very common in the area, and they were clearly visible as airplanes, bright silvery-white, not at all black, and very clearly not rectangular.  Living in the Chicago area all my life, I’ve seen thousands and thousands and thousands of airplanes, helicopters, blimps, birds and balloons.  This object was certainly none of these.;42.0272763779528;-88.0914566929134
It was shining a beam down towards the pond and the pond lit up.;2011-01-16 17:47:00;Night;It was shining a beam down towards the pond and the pond lit up. I was letting my dog in and I saw it. It was a rectangle with indents on the sides.  It was a purple color for about 10 seconds.  Then it moved faster then any human aircraft changing colors to black green purple orange blue neon. It made a sound kind of like really high pitch scream.  It moved forward then backwards then it started to circle and it took off towards the moon.  It was hovering over a pond I'd say about 60,000 feet high.   When I saw it my whole body froze and I couldn't move for a minute and I kinda blacked out afterward.  I was about to take a picture and that's when it took off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  The source may be the person who called from Schaumburg, but we have no way of knowing.  PD));42.0272763779528;-88.0914566929134
