UFO sighting 1981 near Lebanon Ohio, large hovering object with pattern of red light-observed for 5mins;1981-06-15 00:30:00;5mins;UFO sighting 1981 near Lebanon Ohio, large hovering object with pattern of red light-observed for 5mins On June 15 1981 I was driving home about 12:30am. I had just crossed I-71 traveling south on rt 123. The weather was good the sky was clear. I was looking south down the road and I noticed a point of light above the horizon, it did not appear to be a star as the light was different clearer and brighter.  It appeared to be a couple miles away I could not tell at this point if it was an aircraft or other, but the road I was on was headed directly towards it. As I drove Through a wooded area I lost sight of the object as I re-emerged from a small ravine back onto a large plateau (which was open) I was much closer to the object and I could tell that it was about 200-300 ft above the ground. At this point all I could make out was a pattern of lights, two in front one in back -like spotlights.  As I got closer the main road took a sharp turn to the right at this point I stopped the car to see if I could tell if it was moving.  It appeared to be hovering in the sky above an empty field. I also noticed that I could not hear any aircraft type noise, even though the car was running. I decided to take a left onto a side road which parelled the field. I drove about 100 yrds. and stopped the car to make sure that it wasn't moving. It was not, I turned off the car to find out if was making noise- it was not.  I realized that this was something out of the ordinary, I got out of the car and stood next to it and looked up at the object- dead silence.  It appeared as 3 bright white lights- two in front- one in back- hard to say how big- I guess 20yrds long, could not make out a profile.  For some reason I began flashing my car head lights and I blew the horn a couple times. I flashed the lights a number of times and continued to watch the object which did nothing.  Then a rectangular pattern of red lights began to undulate between  the two sets of white lights front to back it did this for about 10 secs. and than began to move up and and away in a north eastern direction at a slow rate of speed.  There was a sound as it! moved l ike rushing air or a muffled jet engine.  That was it- I was pretty shaken up went home and woke my parents to them- I never reported the incidence- This did happen and I would take a polygraph test to prove it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness describes self as having a professional background.  PD));39.348;-84.1163
A very bright white light high in the sky flashing very slowly in 5 second intervals moving North then gone.;2008-04-21 22:35:00;1.00 minute;A very bright white light high in the sky flashing very slowly in 5 second intervals moving North then gone. I was outside to have a cigarette before I went to bed. I was watching the stars and planes in the night sky. I saw a bright light just for a breif moment so I thought it was a falling star and I just barely saw it. Then it flashed again and again. This was not a typical airplane or jet type flashing. It was a white light, very bright and steady. It would stay on for about five seconds and then go out. It seemed to be higher than planes and was moving slowly toward me from the south moving north. It flashed about six times and disappeared. Just thought it was very odd and I might report it in case anyone else saw the same thing. Based on the altitude I thought it could be the space station or something. The light was brighter and higher than any plane or jet in the sky. Very odd. No sounds before or after.;39.348;-84.1163
