5:20 pm, Gibsons BC, a silver suacer shaped craft heading north east.;2005-07-22 16:00:00;20 seconds;5:20 pm, Gibsons BC, a silver suacer shaped craft heading north east. 3 of us were sitting on a deck facing north when I looked up and saw this craft at about 5:20 pm pst. We all looked and recognized it was not a plane or anything any of us have ever seen. It was silvery and reflective and suacer shaped and looked to be gliding quickly and with precision in a north east direction. No noise whatsoever emitted from it nor vapor trails.;49.4000000000001;-123.5
White crescent 'disc' seen mid-day in cloudless sky.;2017-07-27 15:00:00;3-5 seconds;White crescent 'disc' seen mid-day in cloudless sky. Not quite sure what to make of this, but here goes... I was taking a little break from work (I work from home) in the afternoon, sitting in my backyard enjoying the sun and watching the dragonflies.  We live about 5 miles north of Gibsons, BC, in a rural area on the shores of Howe Sound.  The sky was completely cloudless, gorgeous blue, with only a sliver of the rising crescent moon in the western sky.  I was sitting in a lawn chair, watching the dragonflies, and observing a small dual prop plane traverse the standard flight path to YVR behind where I was sitting (northwest to southeast).   I glanced back at the crescent moon to my left, when I noticed a strange moving 'object' to the right, in the sky above the house between two trees. Hard to tell the altitude, but it seemed to be minimum of airliner cruising altitude (30K feet-ish), but really hard to tell.  What it looked like was this: imagine the crescent moon, flattened out as if it was a disc on the horizontal plane, with the reflected curved surface facing towards the sun, and the other half, like the moon in daylight, not really visible.  It was moving at a speed normally seen with passenger planes, but it definitely wasn't a passenger plane (WAY too big... and not the right shape). No sound at all (whic! h is why it surprised me, outside of the way it looked), and the large curved shape just didn't fit.  Wasn't a contrail either (not that I've ever seen a 'curved' contrail like that from an airliner, but I did ponder that possibility...  it's the only other thing that MIGHT look like that, in very strange circumstances I can't quite even imagine). I called my son (he was in the house) and hopped out of the chair to run to the front of the building to catch another glimpse of it, as it had gone 'behind' the big tree in our front yard so I couldn't see it from the back any longer.  And of course, it was no longer visible.  Sadly, I didn't have my phone with me to take a photo - though I don't think I would have been quick enough to catch it anyway. So strange. Never seen anything like that before.  We're pretty observant (I love planes and helicopters, so always looking skyward) and I saw interesting lights one night over Pemberton, BC, a number of years ago, but I've never witnessed anything like what I saw last week.   Oh - one more thing: it wasn't visible traversing the sky above my chair, as I was glancing at the sky pretty much the entire time, I was sitting out there - it was only in between the trees south of the house that it was visible.  Very odd…;49.4000000000001;-123.5
