Orange sphere passes over mountain residential area very slowly, then chased by F-18's 12 mins later.;2005-07-14 22:00:00;2 mins.;((NUFORC Note:  We assume that this is intended to be a serious report, but we cannot be sure of that.  We do not know what a sensitive may be, and we cannot certify that individuals can detect the imminent arrival of anti-grav ships.  PD)) Orange sphere passes over mountain residential area very slowly, then chased by F-18's 12 mins later. 22:00 PM  Thursday July 14,2005  Been living in the area for over 30 yrs. since 1974. Have had many sightings since that date. Have recorded all kinds of overflights by MANY different shaped ships including photos. This observation occured just past 10:00pm last Thursday night.  As a sensitive I have always been able to 'feel' the approach of these anti-grav ships quite some distance from my house. This has always allowed me plenty of time to get my camera. But this time I did not have my cam available because its  a 35mm Cannon which is in the shop for calibration and cleaning. So no picks of this one.  But here's the sighting info.  I felt the approach of the anti-grav engines OR the presence of a non earthly occupant coming my way. I readied myself on my front second floor deck and sure enough.....the ship appeared from out of a clear dark sky entering our dimension or space above the mountain north of my house. My first observation was of the ship, which was approaching my direction slowly just above the hilltop, but far far below the regular airliners altitude. I would guess at approx. 9,000 ft. I said aloud:Greetings! and at that moment the sphere turned a deep orange glow and proceeded towards my direction then as it was almost over my house it turned to a south-east heading still remaining orange. It passed over the June Mountain Ski Lift chalet...then on behind the mountain. Gone from sight.  Approx. 12 mins later 5 F-18's most likely from Fallon Air Base came in over my area fast and furious. They had afterburners running which made a deeper than usual jet engine roar, the sound of which fills our small canyon with a very loud sound. These guys were really moving rightin the same direction of the orange sphere. They were 12 mins behind this sphere which tells me the AirForce is getting their look-down sat radar working pretty tight nowadays. I have also noticed 2-3 Airborne Command Centers moving thru this area very slowly like looking for something. These airborne c.cntrs. were in the area alot about 2 weeks ago. Now they are gone.  I have many recorded sightings from over the years, and additionally sighting and confrontations with these ships and beings from during my earlier years growing up in Europe where I was educated till 20 yrs of age. These include on the ground observations of blue globes in the forest in Fountainbleu, FR in 1954, saucers over Lake Geneva in 1964 next to our school, over the vineyards, near Lausanne. And many many more.............  Thank You;37.7753;-119.0835
