Bounding, glowing neon orbs of light over Fremont, MI. Neon green orb hovering over neighbor's home for several minutes.;1999-06-01 00:00:00;45 minutes +;Bounding, glowing neon orbs of light over Fremont, MI.  Neon green orb hovering over neighbor's home for several minutes. It was a late night, approximately 11:00pm-12:00am.  The details have become a bit fuzzy over the years as it was maybe around 1999.  Since then I haven’t really thought too much on it, except for when I see a show about UFOS or my mother and I reminiscence from time to time.  I want to say I was around 14.  I am now 26 years old with a master’s degree as a Physician Assistant Certified in a family practice center and I care for underserved and uninsured patients. We had just gotten back from a family event and it was a cool night, probably late summer but maybe early Fall.  There were four passengers in our truck, myself,  my mother, stepfather and my brother. When we got out of the car I had remarked what a starry night it was.  While looking up, we noticed at least five bright neon colored glowing “orbs”, literally bounding across the sky like a pinball machine would.  There were no trails of light.  These orbs of light had no specific shape but the central region was a more rich color and the outer ring a slight aura.  At first the lights were the size of stars.  I specifically remember a pink orb of light and a green orb of light, but there were other neon colors as well. My mother and I decided to stay outside.  My brother and stepfather entered the house as my little brother was scared and my stepfather didn’t seem very interested. The lights were over our horse pasture.  As we stayed outside to observe, the lights came down closer to the ground and were still bounding about in erratic patterns.  Soon the lights were over the horse pasture, probably about the height a small engine plane would fly. There was no noise.  There were no specific shapes other than the glowing orb. We observed for what seemed like a long time.  The lights started to move across the street.  We went into the woods across the street to observe further.  At the time, none of us had cell phones or a video camera to take any photos with.  We stood in the woods for a long while, maybe 20 minutes.  The woods were on the back side of our neighbor’s house, which also had a horse pasture.  We were on one side of the horse pasture, and their house on the other, no longer than half a football field’s length. The horses were not scared and were calm during all of these events.  After observing for a while, something miraculous happened.  One of the glowing orbs came down quite quickly and hovered above our neighbor’s house for several minutes.  It was a bright green orb with a slightly lighter aura with no discernible shape and no noise.  It was large, and seemed just a bit smaller than their roof, but hard to estimate exactly.  After simply hovering directly above the house, it took off straight into the sky as fast as it came down and all activity in the sky ceased thereafter.  We never had the sense of fear during the experience. After this incident, we never seen the lights again.  We did not report the incident at the time and kept the story within the family. We did not hear any reports from locals.   We did not tell the neighbors about what happened due to fear of them thinking we were crazy.  Everyone was accounted for and safe. I still wonder if we should have told them.  We did not live in a military region or an area frequented by aircraft.  Fremont has only a small private airport.  I would absolutely take a lie detector test and I know my mother would as well.  My brother still doesn’t like to talk about it, as it still scares him, even though he only seen the first half of the event (he is now 23) .  My mother and stepfather divorced, and we have since lost contact with him. In total, this event must have lasted at least 45 minutes-1 hour though I didn't time it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.4587;-85.9672999999999
