25 or more orange ,glowing orbs that seem to be floating in the sky, in north east Texas.;2012-06-14 22:00:00;15 -20 minutes;25 or more orange ,glowing orbs that seem to be floating in the sky, in north east Texas. On June the 14th around 10:00 pm, my friend and I were outside on our deck. We live outside of town, in a small neighborhood, with a wooded pasture directly behind our back yard. The temperature was warm and humid. There was no wind. It was very clear and starry out. My friend and were having coffee,talking when her face looked shocked and she began to point behind me, saying &quotwhat's that?&quot I turned around and in the north east horizon were at least, twenty-five to thirty, bright, orange glowing globes. At first they appeared to be floating. There was no sound. They were in a shape of the letter &quoty&quot but sideways. We started to scream for my son and my husband. We ran in the house as my son was coming out. At this time they appeared to be moving from south west to north east. My son and my friend both tried to take pictures with their phones. It was as though the orbs were moving, but still floating- suspended- just above the tree lines. I! ran back in the house to get my husband. He grabbed his binoculars. We all went to the front of the house and stood in the drive way. By this time the &quoty&quot formation had started to disappear, first the &quotv&quot part then the &quottail&quot began to move out of a line and the orbs were moving,individually. My husband watched these with his binoculars until they seem to just float behind the trees. He described to us that there were no flashing lights, but they just seemed to glow. He said &quotThere were no oustanding features, they looked like bright, orange pumpkins to him&quot We started to get in the car and see if we could follow them,as it seemed they did not go away, but just floated out of our sight. We went back to the deck and discussed what we saw. We decided to call the police to see if anyone had reported seeing these.  The police got our address, ask if we were okay, and told us that they had not had any reports at that time.  I have meant to! call back this week to see if anyone else did call that night! . I am a 47 year old preschool teacher, my friend is a high school counselor, my husband is a 47 year old plant manager, and my son who witnessed this too is 27.  I cannot explain what we saw, none of us can. We all agree it could not have been a plane, or helicopters because there were so many and they seemed to be close together, with no sound.  But as my son said&quot I have seen it with my own eyes,now I am a believer.&quot I am not a crazy, dramatic person, but I know what we saw was real( a real something) and I will never forget it as long as I live!;33.1734;-94.9688000000001
