A brilliant triangular object hovers approximate 50 feet above my backyard for approximately 1 minute, and vanishes.;2007-10-10 03:00:00;90 seconds;A brilliant triangular object hovers approximate 50 feet above my backyard for approximately 1 minute, and vanishes. I do not recall the exact date on which this incident occurred, except that it was during the autumn-winter season of 2007. At approximately three o'clock in the morning, I was playing a video game, and decided to get up and get a glass of water.  When I went to the kitchen and started filling my glass, a very bright blue light came through every window in my house.  It was so bright, I thought it was a spotlight.   I went to the window on my backdoor to look outside and I saw something that I initially thought was a helicopter.  I couldn't make out a shape but I saw two red and blue spinning lights, such as that seen on a vintage ambulance/police car.  For whatever reason, this strengthened my suspicion that it was some sort of helicopter, which is unusual for Haskell, so I stepped outside to see what was going on. I stepped out of in to the backyard. I looked up at the sky and it became very obvious to me at that point that this object was not a helicopter.  It was a giant triangular craft around the size of a football field with a massive circular light in the middle, and three smaller (yet still huge) lights on each of its corners.  In between these lights, and scattered all around the bottom of the craft, were hundreds of thousands if not millions of little stars and bars of golden light.  They seemed to glow like the embers of burning wood.  I recall seeing golden bars arranged in patterns along the edges of the craft. There appeared to be squareish windows on the craft when viewed laterally, but I did not get a very good look at this because it was so low to the ground.  I remember thinking that it appeared to be only slightly higher than the treeline, which would have placed it maybe 50 feet in the air. It hovered over me relatively slowly for what felt like about one minute.  It toally obscured the night sky and the moon, and I felt warmth coming off from the bottom of this thing.  I remember this very well because it was a cool night and this impressed me.  The light which was shone from the four big bright lights resembled that emitted by the old incandescent light bulbs of days gone by, which I found beautiful.  The object was so beautiful and impressive that I felt the desire to jump in to it, but alas I cannot jump that high.  At no time did I feel any fear or anything except amazement and curiosity, and a hot urge to join in on the party that was passing above me.  It was like a big nightclub hovering in the sky. As the object came over my house it stopped and a red laser beam shot out from the front of it.  It then tilted and turned slightly, and the big light in the middle began to glow a bright red. It pulsated.  The rate of the pulsing started off slow and then began increase by stages.  It was then that the most spectacular highlight of this event occurred.  The craft shot off in to the horizon at a speed far beyond supersonic.  It was almost as if it vanished, it was moving so quickly.  Still yet there were no sounds, no sonic boom, nothing.  It was a joy and a privilege to watch an object that large accelerate so quickly. Despite the fact that it was no longer recognizable in the night sky,  I swear to this day that I could still see it far out there in the sky.  It appeared to be a stationary star several miles away. After it shot off, I went inside and turned on the news to see if this was happening all over the world, and it obviously wasn't.  However, I vividly remember that a few days after this took place I was watching Larry King Live and he was talking about UFOs in Texas. I don't claim to know exactly what it was that I saw but I'm absolutely certain it was not a known military aircraft.  I was pretty confident it was extraterrestrial in origin the moment I got a good look at it.  I still believe to this day that it has extraterrestrial origins.  I hope one day we will learn more about these things because I believe every human being alive should feel the happiness that I did when I caught a glimpse of it. (Note: this sighting took place around south Avenue F.  The object was approaching coming from the east and vanished over the west.) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.1569;-99.7368
