Saw a slow moving craft traveling North to South which had 3 lights (or highly reflective surfaces), 1 on top and 2 below.   Had ridges;2010-12-10 11:00:00;10 seconds;Saw a slow moving craft traveling North to South which had 3 lights (or highly reflective surfaces), 1 on top and 2 below.   Had ridges or flaps on the side of the craft which was silver blueish gray.  Was roughly 500 to 1000 feet off the ground.  Flew into cloud cover and did not reappear. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.997;-105.0974
Elliptical shaped grey metal  object moved west to east across summer sky around  6 to 7:30 p.m.;2011-06-20 18:00:00;1-2 minutes;Elliptical shaped grey metal  object moved west to east across summer sky around  6 to 7:30 p.m. I was outside taking photos of the changing clouds in the sky when the sun’s reflection off the left bottom side of a moving elliptical shaped object caught my attention.  It was about a half mile away, high above the tree tops and moving from west to east across the sky.  It was approximately 6 to 7:15 p.m. on Monday, June 20, and happened in Lafayette, Colorado. The object made no noise and was the color of steel.  When I first saw it, I thought it was a plane since it was moving through the sky, but I definitely saw the rounded right side of it, so I was confused about its identity.  I took a photo of it with my camera using the telephoto, and then continued to watch it cross the sky until it was no longer in my sight.  It moved in a straight horizontal pattern and did not dart around.  Its speed was similar to our airplanes.  Since I was not even thinking about UFOs, but merely taking photos of clouds, the sighting caught me off guard I was bewildered or I would have taken more photos as it moved off. I was in an area next to a golf course.  No one was with me.  Since it was a while before I saw someone, and other things started being discussed, I forgot about what had happened.  A week ago, I finally had a chance to check my memory stick from my digital camera, and there was the photo I had taken!  I was so surprised to be seeing it clearly for the first time.  (My camera doesn’t have a small viewer, and it’s often difficult to see the topic of the photo on the large screen. Also, I do not see details well if things are far away.)   I am a retired reading specialist who taught at the elementary level for thirty years, as well as taught as a consultant in two university settings.  I have a Master’s Degree in Education.  I was also a mentor teacher three times, and teacher of the year in my district.  Since I retired, I have resumed painting as a hobby/career.;39.997;-105.0974
