2 silvery shiny rectangular crafts above Lafayette, CO 2pm 3/14/12;2012-03-14 14:00:00;2 MINUTES;2 silvery shiny rectangular crafts above Lafayette, CO 2pm 3/14/12 On Wednesday, March 14, 2011, ((sic.  2012)) around 2pm, I was heading south on Highway 287, descending the hill that is near the turn-off for the Dawson School (and near Jasper Rd.).  Above the town of Lafayette, ahead of me, I could see something rectangular in shape spiraling upward into the air, above what seemed to be the area just east of Highway 287 and the intersection of Baseline Rd.  The bright object was silvery and highly reflective.  It would disappear when the flat surfaces were not hit directly by the sunlight.  When the object changed position so that the flat surfaces reflected the sun, the object appeared to be rectangular in shape, with a tip pointing up into the sky.  The trajectory was in a slightly south and strongly easterly direction and about a 45 or 50 degree angle. About 20 or 30 seconds after the first object appeared and was ascending, a second one followed at the same angle.  Both objects shone in the sunlight, spiraling (not in unison) upward.  The second object almost caught up to the first object when suddenly, neither was visible any more.  I am uncertain if they entered the clouds or simply disappeared, but I did not see them any longer. There was a black helicopter flying northward to the west of Highway 287 when these objects were visible.  It seemed to be almost parallel to them, lower in altitude, when they were at their highest points. When I got to the vicinity of Arapahoe Rd., I stopped and got out of the car to go to a store.  This was just a few moments after seeing the objects.  I did not see any sign of the objects or hear aerobatic airplanes or jet sounds. I wondered if I had been seeing fighter jets take off from Metropolitan Airport, 5 miles or so beyond Lafayette.  I do not think this is the case, because the objects would have been much smaller at that distance, and I don’t think their shapes would have been discernible, though reflection off them probably would have been visible. There is an airport in Erie, close to where I was when I saw these objects, but that airport would have been almost directly east of me, and possibly slightly north, behind me, when I saw these objects.;39.997;-105.0974
