Object in distance darted in straight line, disappeared, showed up in new location and darted in another line, ~10 times;2014-11-06 11:30:00;2 minutes;Object in distance darted in straight line, disappeared, showed up in new location and darted in another line, ~10 times Looked out my eastern facing, vault ceiling window and noticed an object(s) that was moving around.  It was only a pin prick in the sky.  The behavior consisted of the object(s) moving in an area no larger than about a softball size circle from my perspective.  I don't know if it was just one object or multiple objects.   Anyways, the object was moving in all straight lines. It was essentially starting on one edge of my softball perspective, streaking to another edge, seemingly disappearing, showing up on another edge and then streaking in a new direction.   So to describe that graphically, if you were to draw a circle on a piece of paper, draw a straight line from one point on the circumference to another point on the circumference, then repeat from two completely new points, roughly 10 times.   This happen roughly 10 times.  Each time it reappeared I tried to study it but the motion was to quick to really see any detail on the very tiny object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.997;-105.0974
The sky was pitch black but when looking towards the South/West I saw an object(s) with numerous lights. One of the lights was pulsing;2016-01-12 02:10:00;10 minutes;The sky was pitch black but when looking towards the South/West I saw an object(s) with numerous lights.  One of the lights was pulsing a purplish white type color and it was almost blindig and the light was vastly bigger than all thee other lights near it or around it.  It was placed in front of a smaller light that was blinking and it had a blue hue to it.  Then to the right of those two lights was a light that was white and yellow that stayed on continuously along with another light to the right of it that was pulsing a light red and white light that would pulse in some type of code type thing...  Then directly to the left and a little below all of those lights and next to thee pulsing purplish light was a bright yellow light that was much smaller then the rest of the lights.  They were all basically bunched together and doing the pulsng, blinking, etc, simultaneously..  Then it began to rise up and move towards me..   There was absolutely no sound…  I've seen many a craft before but, nothing like this... it was a God awful vibe I never want to witness again so I'm not sure how long it lasted because I ran inside after 10 minutes...;39.997;-105.0974
