Huge Black Triangle and proof that something happened to me last night.;2006-04-15 07:00:00;Not known;Huge Black Triangle and proof that something happened to me last night. I always wake up from 3-4am every morning, this morning I woke up at exactly 7am. I immediatly sat up in my bed and the first thing I recalled was a giant pure gun metal black triangle ship leaving at a slow speed to the north, it went behind a cloud then became visible again then disappeared into the clouds. I have a relaxation cd that I listen to(1 hr. long) when I go to bed, it's waves going out and crashing into a peer. I sat up in bed, and my headphones were wrapped around my lamp(I always turn the cd off when it finishes) and the volume was all the way up( I listen to it a below 1/2 the volume to relax. I turned the radio off and went into my kitchen and was so thursty it was like I had not drank for a long time, I gulped down a quart of orange juice. While in my kitchen I noticed dry grass all over the floor, I suffer from OCD and my home is always spotless I walked around and went into my bedroom and looked in the bed and where my feet lay all the way up to around where my waist would be was dry grass.This morning I feel totally drained and tired, like I have been up all night and didn't sleep at all. I don't think this was just a dream, there are too many things not right all over the house, that seems to me I was outside during the night and something happened that I can't totally recall, all that is in my memory is the huge triangle that I saw and disappeared in the clouds. From my memory there were no lights or sounds, I recall 2 long diamond shaped indentions on the bottom, and then 3 or 4 lines across and at the points of the triangle were circles. What I remember about the triangle is very clear, it was very low and I saw the bottom very clearly.I know I'm not crazy and the evidence around my house proves to me something happened last night, but I can only recall seeing the triangle leaving.;29.6891;-91.2518
