It was a the size and shape of a soup can, it glowed candy-apple red, and traveled from zero to fast instantly and silently.;2005-08-10 10:00:00;2-3 minutes;It was a the size and shape of a soup can, it glowed candy-apple red, and traveled from zero to fast instantly and silently. In late summer of 1982, I (age 18) and 4 friends ranging in age from 12 - 17 were out on a warm and dark night driving for something to do.  In our search for adventure, we cruised through a grave yard on the edge of the city limits and near the local airport.  I was the driver, and as we explored the maze of graveyard lanes, my friends began seeing glowing white and red lights.  One of the girls in the back seat was nearly hysterical in directing me which way to drive so as to avoid the lights they were seeing.  I believed their sightings to be the late-night imaginations of ditsy teen-agers. I never saw what they were describing until, as I exited the cemetary, I stopped the car to call them on their bluff of seeing strange lights.  I parked along the road's edge after turning out of the cemetary driveway.  It was then that I saw, through my open drivers' side window, a red, soupcan shaped, glowing object - the color of a reflector for driveway entrances.  It was positioned about three feet above the ground, over the grassy ditch portion of the corner area where the cemetary driveway met he road. It didn't register for me that it was glowing of it's own power - not reflecting light from my car's lights. I thought that a reflector was exactly what it was and opened my door to prove it.  As soon as my leg moved to step out, the objct took off.  It moved quick and silent. The cylinder shape was traveling so that the cylinder was verticle in relation to the ground (like a bar glass slides accross the bar to the customer - not horizontal like a thrown spear).  It moved parallel to the groud and to the road. It glided at a steady and fast speed remaing about three feet above the ground.  I was so startled and frightened, I slammed my car door closed and drove away as fast as I could.  Even though I drove in the same direction as the object traveled I did not see it again. I wasn't looking for it. I was watching my gas gage at nearly empty and was trying to drive to get away from it.  I have wished ever since that I had not been so hasty in my get-away.  I wish I had taken more time to watch it and find more clues about what it was.  My friends tell a longer version of this event, however, they saw more than I and I feel that I can only speak for what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.9811;-94.3639
