object was moving away in a westerly direction. very slowly and at times appeared to be standing still. very large and appeared triangu;1999-04-08 20:45:00;4 minutes;object was moving away in a westerly direction. very slowly and at times appeared to be standing still. very large and appeared triangular. from inside the car it took up entire length of windshield.  a brilliant white light at each end. a total of two. the object made no sound. you could not help but notice the object because of its enormous size. it was flying very low. from inside the car it appeared to almost be hovering over the tree tops, motionless.it was first observed to my left and when the car turned where the object was in front of me, it took up the entire length of the windshield and then was moving very very slowly in a westerly direction away from me. was very dark in color. almost blackish with these brilliant white lights covering the extreme tips of each end. there were no other visible lights yet the object seemed to glow while maintaining its darkness. very three dimensional. the word dense comes to mind. could not see the front of it but the back extended from about a quarter of the way in from the tips, protruded behind it to a point. it was flat on top. the night was still and very quiet. I had my windows open because it was very warm outside. there was no sound at all to be heard.;40.7915;-73.6924
Shimmering triangle of dim white lights change direction quickly and are gone - with no jet noise.;2009-04-19 09:35:00;5 seconds;Shimmering triangle of dim white lights change direction quickly and are gone - with no jet noise. As I arrived home just now and was heading to my front door, I saw three dim shimmering half invisible dim white lights (not blinking) in the shape of a tight wide triangle.  They were heading to the northeast at an altitude of about 10,000 feet at a speed faster than fighter aircraft – but slower than a shooting star.  However, there was no jet noise.  I could not see the actual craft or crafts just the lights.  It looked like the lights of three fighter jets in tight formation.  The craft or crafts turned north-northeast and headed out over the Long Island sound towards Westchester and quickly faded from sight.  The turn was impossibly swift with no arc more like an angle drawn on paper.  The shimmering part was like a Star Trek movie when the ship comes out of cloaking – it was like the light formation was there but you could see through it somehow -  half visible / half invisible.  My daughter saw the movement but not much else.  It was gone before I could process what it was.  I am hoping others will see this and report it.  I was just looking if anyone has reported anything similar and the Orland 4/10 sighting comes close.;40.7915;-73.6924
