a point of light which flew zig-zags, loops and back and forth over an area of minnesotas north woods.  it was nearly midnight.;1998-07-05 23:30:00;seven to eight minutes;a point of light which flew zig-zags, loops and back and forth over an area of minnesotas north woods.  it was nearly midnight. standing on a dock in a bay of lake vermillion i was star-gazing when i saw a distant light to the north a few degrees above the distant treeline. my immedite feeling was fear, the light was zig-zagging at about the rate an airplane might fly and it looked like it was lost, searching for a landmark in the darkness and so i feared for the plane's safety. as i watched the plane turned around and headed back to where i first saw it, but this time without zig-zagging. it then zig-zagged in an ascending way, flew what appeared to be a few degrees off of heading in my direction and gradually did a series of 3 loops. this was followed by a long, straight flight back in the same direction as the first zig-zag, and a straight flight back to near where it did loops. by now i was so fascinated i turned to look in the boat for my binoculars and when i turned back, the light was gone.  there was no strobe,  just a constant point of white light.  it kept a steady speed.  there was no sound.  i looked at maps the following day and there is very little development in this section of northwoods.  my rational mind says it was a pilot out for a midnight joyride.  most planes here are seaplanes.  what do you think. please answer.;47.8466;-92.7271
Abnormal lights in the northern sky.;2010-03-01 17:00:00;10 MINUTES;abnormal lights in the northern sky COMING HIOME FROM WORK WHICH IS NORTH OF COOK, MN MY CAR POOL RIDER AND I SAW a set of 4 lights stable in a row just fade on... this was in the imediate horizon.  They faded out after a couple seconds the appeared west of the original sighting in a row of lights.  These faded out after a couple seconds and then in the original area we first spotted the lights they came on again.  They did not decend at all. They were orange colored and in a straight line on the diagnol.  We have no airports, or other lights that would be in our local skyes. We stopped at the local grocery store where others mentioned they had seen these lights.  A car behind us also saw them. I talked later to a pilot friend who said it didnt sound like any plane he knows of. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.8466;-92.7271
Saw three large, bright red-orange spheres of light in the southeastern sky.;2014-03-10 21:00:00;~1 minute;Saw three large, bright red-orange spheres of light in the southeastern sky. At approximately 9:00 pm on the night of March 10, 2014, I stepped outside of my driveway to take my dog for his nightly walk.  I immediately noticed a large, bright red-orange light in the southeastern sky, well above the treeline on the opposite side of the open hay field that is across the road from my driveway.  It was definitely unusual and bright and caught my attention right away.   At first I thought it must be an airplane (small craft judging by the size, brightness, and proximity to the tree line), but the light did not blink or flash, nor move in any direction.  It just sat there.  I was checking it out for about 30 seconds, trying to figure out what it could be, when all of a sudden, it disappeared, sort of blinked off.  I thought it must be a plane banking and taking a turn and that the light just became temporarily undiscernible.   Within seconds of it disappearing, a second large, bright red-orange light suddenly appeared in the southeastern sky! , but way more north of the original light.  I was checking out that second light just “hanging” there for a few seconds before the first light reappeared in the direction I had originally seen it in.  So I was watching both of those lights when a third large, bright red-orange light appeared in close proximity to the first light, but appeared to be a little more westerly (i.e. more my direction) than the first two lights.  Now there were three large, bright, red-orange lights hanging, unmoving, not blinking or flashing, in the sky all at the same time.  I watched them for approximately 15 seconds or so before all three of them disappeared all at once at the same time.  Even from the first moment I saw the first light in the sky, I wanted to go get my boyfriend, who was in the house, so that he could see what I was seeing.  But I didn’t want to miss anything.  After the lights disappeared, I continued searching that part of the sky, but no lights reappeared, so I continued ! on my way with walking my dog.  During the entire walk (about ! 15-20 mi nutes), I kept my eye on that part of the sky where I saw the lights because I was so fascinated by what I had just seen!  After walking about 10 minutes, I was heading back to my house when I saw the lights reappear in that same part of the southeastern sky.  This time, however, I saw only two of them, but they were side by side, and appeared to be either attached to the same craft, or flying in formation.  I saw them for only about 3-5 seconds that time, they disappeared, and then I never saw them again.  To clarify:  The lights were very large (about the size of a dime? from my vantage point, guess I could say more of an orb or sphere than simply a point of light) appeared above the treeline, but apparently further distant than the treeline were a clear, bright red-orange color did not blink, flash, or change position other than to disappear and then reappear over moments of time and were silent (i.e. I heard no aircraft at anytime during the entire time I was outside! that night).;47.8466;-92.7271
Yellow orange sphere or glow;2019-12-10 19:15:00;3.5 minutes;Yellow orange sphere or glow Looking south east while traveling south on US 53. Mostly clear with few stars visible and a bright moon. Single orange glow object appears out of no where remaining stationary. 15 seconds later 2 more similar object appeared at same point then spread out in a formation for unknown amouunt of time then returned to original object. At this point the light remains for about 15 seconds and fades out. This is not fake. I am a legit businessman involved with community and serve in servers board of directors. I have never seen anything like this!;47.8466;-92.7271
