Small Translucent Triangle in Orange County, CA;2000-11-01 18:30:00;5 seconds;Small Translucent Triangle in Orange County, CA Small translucent, black, triangular craft with three dimly lit white, non-blinking lights at each of the three corners of craft. Probably about the size of a jet fighter and lower in altitude than the other typical aircraft that were in the sky around it. I would guess less than 1000'. I live near John Wayne airport and there is always a couple of planes in the sky. I have never seen anything like this before. Not a sound was made by the craft. There was a large plane much higher in the sky, and I beleive a police helicopter close by judging by sound, but was unable to see the helicopter. I live about 2miles from the ocean, and this craft was coming from Newport Beach when I initially saw it. It then veered off towards Seal Beach, which is north from me. My brain was telling me that it was three white birds flying in formation. But when I first saw it I remember an outline, which is why I say translucent. It also was visably banking when it turned north, meaning the right light appeared to raise slightly. That was it.;33.6722021276598;-117.909802523506
night time sighting of triangular shaped object or lights moving quickly on claer night;2004-04-15 20:45:00;20-30 seconds;night time sighting of triangular shaped object or lights moving quickly on clear night Clear night with many stars visible when I noticed a triangular pattern moving from south to north with no sound.  Unable to note structure of object but it was moving silently at about the speed of a small aircraft unable to determine altitiude. Light of triangle was constant but dim. I am an aviation buff so I know what navigation lighting looks like and this wasn't your ordinary nav lights.  The city of Costa Mesa is near the coast so at first I thought they might just be three ballons floating on the onshore breeze and maybe that's all it was except the triangular pattern was constant and I would expect ballons in the wind to change positions.  Second of all this object was moving more rapidly than I have ever seen a party ballon move.  I observed a nearby flag ploe immediatley after the sighting and there was absolutley no wind if any.  Now maybe there was wind at a higher altitude pushing this object on shore, but for me it was the constant shape with the quick pace and no wind that interested me. The object also veered off to the east and out of sight during the 20 or 30 seconds it took to move almost directly overhead.  I was wondering if anyone else may have witnessed something similar that evening in my area. I also noted heavy air traffic with a military helicopter coming from the west,  commercial aircraft on approach (757) coming from the east into Long Beach or LAX and another small aircraft to the North along with a police helicopter working off to the East.;33.6722021276598;-117.909802523506
Triangular craft seen over Orange County at high speed;2004-11-04 18:45:00;15 seconds;Triangular craft seen over Orange County at high speed I was standing on my patio looking west into the night sky. I was looking between some large Queen Palm trees, so those managed to give me a feeling of scale. There were no clouds that I could tell, the stars were out. The sky was a bit hazy. We are near John Wayne International Airport so I am always seeing and hearing planes flying overhead, usually on takeoff, and usually flying from east to west (opposite to this things flight path) I also have a strong understanding of visual recognition of aircraft from many years working at/near air bases - I am in the aerospace industry. Note that we are about 1 mile south of Interstate 405.  At about 6:45 PM, I saw a motion in the sky that attracted my attention. It was moving from the west towards the east, straight in front of me. Since I was looking west, it appeared to move up in the sky. It was moving at a high velocity compared to the aircraft I usually see flying, perhaps twice as fast or more. It flew up to almost directly overhead, then turned abruptly to the southeast. It appeared to be increasing alitude, although that is a bit speculative. It flew between the fronds of the palm tree, and finally up over the roof. By the time I got to a better viewing angle, it was gone.  The vehicle itself looked triangular in shape and was black/gray, looking more like a mottled gray shadow against the black sky. It seemed as if the bottom of the vehicle either had a slight glow or was reflecting lights from the city below, as there seemed to be a bluish mottling over the bottom surface. The leading edge had a number of fairly dim lights, perhaps five to seven. I think there were a couple of lights on the trailing edge, but I'm not certain of that. There was no sound whatsoever, although aircraft engines were heard a few minutes later as a airliner flew over. The size of the vehicle seemed impressive .. I see aircraft through our typical haze all the time, including planes flying around tonight, and this seemed much more diffuse, so I think it was fairly high up, higher than typical commercial aircraft. The overall impression was a large triangular shape flying high above the normal traffic pattern at a high velocity, but that could be way off. I did notice a decrease in traffic around that same time.  Bear in mind I do not think this was alien, more likely some sort of secret military surveillance vehicle. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness describes himself as an engineer.  We suspect he may be a highly qualified witness.  PD));33.6722021276598;-117.909802523506
Very Bright Light in sky over Sourthern California... moving north towards Long Beach over 1 hour 20 minute time period;2006-02-23 00:02:00;1hr 21mins;Very Bright Light in sky over Sourthern California... moving north towards Long Beach over 1 hour 20 minute time period -Object in night sky over Southern California -Triangle shaped - brilliant small lights on one side of object - Lights changed from bright white to red and every color in between (full spectrum of lights came from this object!) -Moved from being over Huntington Beach (my guess) to being over Long Beach (also my guess) in approx. 1 hour and 20 minutes. -At arms length, the object could have been hidden from view if I would have held up a dime.  How the sighting happened: I went out on my back patio at 12:02 AM PST to have a smoke and noticed a very bright light in the night sky. Originally I kind-of assumed it was a star but after watching this object for a couple of minutes I realized that stars do not change color from an extremely bright white/halogen blue to a brilliant red and seemingly every color in between... this thing was amazing and SO BRIGHT!! I ran inside and grabbed a monocular that I have and ran back outside to 'get a closer view'... what I saw when I looked through the monocular was a little blurry at first (the monocular doesn't have the best range) but after stabalizing my arm and focusing on the object, the lights seemed to be shaped like a triangle (many small lights making up a triangle shape) and the object was kind-of pulsing. I was in dis belief!! This couldn't really be happening!! I always watch the sky and until this night... I have never seen anything that I couldn't associate with some type of known object (star, plane or helicopter). After I was able to see some shape to the lights, I attempted to contact a friend who lives about 2 miles from me (I felt it was very important to have another witness - especially from a different angle then my view)... but he did not answer...  I watched this object for 1 hour and 21 minutes until it eventually moved behind a building and was no longer visible to me. During the last 8 minutes of the sighting, the object literally completely disappeared from visibility for about 2 seconds at a time on four occasions!! I would describe it as either rotating and therefore the lit side of the triangle was not visible or the lights on this object simply dimmed out completely... but the object was never completely dark for more then about two seconds. I verbally said OH MY GOD when the object first disappeared from sight completely and then re-appeared two seconds later... it was absolutely unbelievable!  I took 5 images with my Nikon Coolpix 3.2 Mega Pixel digital camera but only one of the photos came out somewhat decent (attached to this report).  I REALLY want to know if any other people saw this object and what thier description is... my monocular isn't the best so hopefully the triangle shape I saw was not a trick of lighting or caused by the distance.  Thank you for being here to take this report!! I feel absolutely blessed to have been a witness to this amazing object!!;33.6722021276598;-117.909802523506
