We saw a low flying jellyfish like glowing object that slowly passed our home.;2008-07-04 22:15:00;five minutes;We saw a low flying jellyfish like glowing object that slowly passed our home. UFO DESCRIPTION JULY 4 2008 10:15PM EST. Oregon, Ohio 	On the night of July 4th 2008 was outside my home at 10:15pm est. with my family[wife/2 children] in my back yard watching local residents setting off fireworks a mile away from my home in the direction of  the North East horizon/sky. At 10:15pm in the North East sky I witnessed a strange object slowly moving towards our home on a south West course. At first glance I quickly wrote it off as one of the many firework debris that was still ablaze [ember burning] and floating only to inevitably burn out into the knights sky. But what I was viewing was not burning out and in fact proceeded moving on its South West coarse. As it got closer to my residence I still did not say anything to my wife and children who were near me. But surprisingly my wife stood up and pointed out the very same object I was viewing which now closer and looked like a glowing fire/flame in a circular cloudy ball. At this time my children, seconds after their mom, noticed this object and asked me what it was. So, now having my whole family point out what I was quietly viewing gave me enough cause to run inside and get my digital camera and attempt a picture of the object. As I got the camera which I used just 20 minutes prior, I tried to turn it on to no avail. Trying to move quickly I opened my TV remotes to swap out working batteries, put those in my camera, and the camera still did not turn on. Disappointed about the camera trouble, I proceeded outside to see where and if the object was still coming in my homes direction. After searching a few seconds where I’d guessed the object should be I surprisingly saw it over my neighbor’s house south of my front street facing door. The best I could describe what I saw from this vantage point which was low flying about 100 yards away, was this circular object with no sound, and a glowing light  [whitish fire color] surrounded by a jellyfish like sack hazy to transparent to the eye, Flying off at a constant slow speed into the South West sky till it was out of sight.;41.6429;-83.4719
