Childhood sighting of round lighted object.;1985-06-01 21:00:00;1min;clildhood sighting of round lighted object. Walking home from a friends house on a summers day i looked above an empty feild near my house and saw a large ball shape with lights moving around on it just sitting around 50feet off the ground.  It was like it was looking at me. I was shocked that no one in the houses all around the feild where not outside looking at it! I slowly moved off the street to sidewalk looking at the thing the hole time. Then i felt the hair on my body stand up. I started to run as fast as ive ever run down the street to my home. I ran inside to tell my mother and father what i saw. I wanted them to see it but was afreid of something bad happening. Thats pretty much it. Havent told many about this. But my mother remembers it well. The object was around 50 to 75 feet perfectly round. It had lights that kind of remind me of r2d2's head of star wars. I remember 1 bigger light near the middle. They were blue red and white in color. the other parts where all dark looking metal. My fam! aily lived in a house near a path that crossed the feild. Our dog was chained up towards the feild behind the house. After we moved down the street it burned down. My father had  given my dog away to a farm. before we moved. I was around 9 years old. I remember it like it just happend today. My life changed from that day on. Mostly bad stuff but it's very good now. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.4334;-76.3494000000001
A planet like object with tethered satellite that orbited in about 10 seconds and exploded into hundreds of pieces, remaining visible.;2016-06-17 21:00:00;40 minutes;A planet like object with tethered satellite that orbited in about 10 seconds and exploded into hundreds of pieces remaining visible. June 17, 2016.  At about 9 P.M. this evening, my wife and I were sitting on our back deck enjoying the evening when I spotted a bright object in the sky.  I was quite intrigued because it was still very bright and no stars or planets should be visible at this time. I got my telescope out to see if it was a planet but when I observed it I could tell it wasn’t because it was moving too fast, but not as fast as a satellite and it appeared to have an object tethered to it orbiting it about every 10 seconds. After watching it for several minutes and showing it to my wife, it suddenly shattered into hundreds of fragments that moved outward but didn’t disappear.  I watched it for several minutes until it moved out of my line of vision. I called the Ottawa Citizen newspaper, but no one had reported anything. I don’t know it this was a true UFO or if there is a logical explanation, but I sure would like to know. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke on two occasions via telephone with the witness, and he is very convincing about his sighting.  He has contacted to local press, to no avail, but is going to contact them again, in attempt to find other witnesses.  Anprior, Ontario, is 56 kilometers west of Ottowa.  PD));45.4334;-76.3494000000001
