Three silver lobed shaped;2004-06-18 17:00:00;45 seconds to 55 seconds;Three silver lobed shaped On the 18th of June 2004 I had came off of I-26 north and was traveling along I-81 going north between the Tri city's Airport and Blountville exit at about 17:00 or 17:30 hours going towards Bristol, VA. We were Coming home from a long day at the water park and had my son and my nephew with me. The boy had just went to sleep after looking at the pictures we had taken that day. I have a Kodak, DC 3200 digital camera and had it in the front passenger seat. My radio started fading out from a local radio station that I listen to. I started trying to find another station when I noticed something shiny from the corner of my left eye. I looked to my left and noticed 3 silver balls that looked connected coming up the south bound side of the interstate going north and passing me. I looked for what seemed to be forever just in wonder when I realized that I had a camera. By the time I got it turned on it started across the 4 lane highway turnig towards the east and in the direction of the Airport. I started taking pictures while driving and tried to stop, but it went out of site before I could stop. I was traveling at about 75 MPH. when it passed me. I took 9 photos and when I got home I went and downloaded the pictures to see if and what I had taken pictures of. Out of the 9 photos I have one photo that shows the object.I have reported this sighting to Mr.Kim Shaffer Of Tennessee mufon and gave him the report.;36.5373000000009;-82.3701000000001
tri lobed silver object;2004-06-18 17:30:00;about 65to55 seconds;tri lobed silver object I was traveling north on interstate 81 after comeing off of I 26 from jonesborough TN. I had taken My son and nephew to the water park for the day.After a long day swimming we started back to Bristol.The children had just went to sleep after looking at the pictures on our dig.camera that we had taken.As i was driveing along I realy didnt pay much attention to the radio as it faded out but I did try to get another station But something shiny caught the corner of my right eye. I looked over to my feft a little and noticed a silver object comeing paralell to 81 going north. I was traveling at around 75 mph when it passed me.It turned  to my right and came across the interstate hwy. and was out of sight before I could get stopped.Astonished to see what I was seeing I realized I had a camera and grabbed it. I started takeing pictures as I was driveing and took several pictures through the windshield. When I got home I down loaded them and found one frame out of 9 that had something in it siver orbed shaped objects that were  or seems to be connected. ((NUFORC Note:  We are apprised by Mr. Kim Shaffer, State Director of MUFON for Eastern Tennessee, that the witness, with whom Mr. Shaffer has met, is highly reliable and credible.  We are grateful to both these gentlemen for providing the information.  PD));36.5373000000009;-82.3701000000001
B2 shaped vehicle 20 feet above trees moving in total silence at low speeds with no external engines;2008-09-03 21:20:00;10 minutes;B2 shaped vehicle 20 feet above trees moving in total silence at low speeds with no external engines On a nice warm comfortable September night of 2008, I looked outside into the southern sky from the front door of my home at which time a fantastic event began to unfold.  There is an oak tree in the front yard ninety feet away from the house that stands approximately one hundred feet tall.  As I was looking up into the southern sky, a vehicle, craft or vessel began to materialize approximately twenty feet above the oak tree.  I could not believe what I was seeing, but I immediately knew that I was looking at something that was not of earth origin.  This vessel was similar in shape and size to a B2 Stealth Bomber and appeared to be uncloaking or materializing into the earth’s atmosphere from another place or time.  As the vessel was becoming visible, the image of the craft was very wavy and distorted, like heat waves from the highway on a hot summer day.  For those of you that have watched Star Trek, when the Klingon War Ship begins to uncloak, that is exactly how this thing looked when it began to appear above the tree.   It took approximately ten seconds, from the time of entry, for the vehicle to become a solid object, at which time it began to move slowly just above the tree line, in a southwesterly direction towards a ridge in the distance.  The vehicle appeared to be matt black with no external engines, maneuvering at approximately ten miles per hour, in total silence.  From the rear of the craft, a round soft white glow was visible from each wing, which appeared to be the propulsion system.  The glow was a soft white, similar to that of a florescent bulb in a kitchen or bathroom, but had the appearance of some form of energy or plasma. As the vessel moved slowly through the night sky, I could see a strobing red light on the left wing and a green one on the right.  The pulse width of the strobing was much slower than that of a jet or airplane and the colors were somewhat different from the reds and greens that we are familiar with.  At a glance or from a distance, the vehicle would appear to be just another aircraft in the night sky, but seeing it up close and personal is a totally different experience.  I observed the object until it went behind the ridge to the south and was no longer visible.  I immediately went outside with binoculars in hand, to the lower part of my driveway just below the oak tree, hoping to see the vessel again.  I knew that I had just witnessed something very special, that to me was a great privilege and most likely, a once in a lifetime thing.  I stayed outside scanning the ridge hoping to see the object once more.  After waiting for about five minutes, sure enough, it reappeared, but at a much greater distance over the southeastern part of the ridge.  I knew it was the same vehicle from the soft glowing fields of energy being emitted from the wings of the craft.  The vehicle began to accelerate toward the east at an unbelievable speed and was out of sight in less than a second.  Due to this sighting, I have been looking up for five years now, hoping to catch a glimpse of another extraterrestrial ship traveling through our night skies. I am retired now, in my sixties, with a background in automotive electrical and emission controls. I do not drink alcohol or use drugs.  My mind is good and I do not have a wild or vivid imagination.  I do however have an open mind and am not naive enough to believe that we on earth are the only form of intelligent life in the entire universe.  I have no idea as to the technology that would allow a ship or vessel to materialize into the earth’s atmosphere in such a way, but I promise you, every word of this report is true. Some of you may ask why I waited five years to post this information.  As most of you well know, the subject of UFOs is a very sensitive area and sometimes ridiculed.  For this reason, I made the decision to keep this information to myself.   I sometimes listen to Coast To Coast AM and had just recently heard the proprietor of this website mention that someone had reported a triangle shaped craft over their residence in a town that is ten minutes east of my location.  After hearing this, I decided to post this information.  From my understanding, this event took place in the late evening or night hours of August 30, 2013.  I have been checking the website daily for an update, in hopes of reading that report.   I would like to thank everyone involved in the development and creation of NUFORC, which has given me the opportunity to share this wonderful and truly amazing experience.;36.5373000000009;-82.3701000000001
B2 shaped vehical at low altitude moving in total silence at low speeds with no external engines.;2008-09-03 21:20:00;10 minutes;B2 shaped vehical at low altitude moving in total silence at low speeds with no external engines Looked outside into the southern sky from the front door of my home.  There is an oak tree in my front yard about fifty feet from the home that is approximately one hundred feet tall.  As I was looking up into the southern sky,a vehical,craft or vessel began to materialize approximately twenty feet above the top of the oak tree.  I could not believe what I was seeing,but I immediately new that I was looking at something that was not of earth origin.  This vessel was similar in shape and size to a B2 Stealth Bomber and appeared to be uncloaking or materializing into the earth's atmosphere from another place or time.  The image was very wavy and distorted,like heat waves that you can see radiating from hot pavement, during this uncloking or materializing process.  It took approximately ten seconds from the time of entry for the vehical to become a solid object,at which time it began to move slowly just above treetop level in a southwest direction toward a ridge in the dist! ance.  The vehical appeared to be matt black with no external engines and maneuvered in total silence.From the rear of the vehical a round soft white glow was visible from each wing,which would appear to be the propulsion system  .The glow was a soft white similar to a florescent bulb in a kitchen or bathroom, but had the appearance of some form of energy or plasma.  There was a red flashing or strobe light on the left front of the vehical and a green one on the right.  The pulse width of the flashes were much slower than a man made vehical and the colors were off or different from our reds and greens.   At a glance and from a distance ,the vehical would appear to be just another airplane in the night sky,but seeing it up close and personal is a totally different experience.  This vessel moved in total silence,at treetop level at approximately ten mph ground speed.  I observed the object until it went behind the ridge to my south and was no longer visible.  I immediately went outside with bin! oculars in hand hopeing to see this vessel again.I new that I ! had just witnessed something very special that to me was a great priviledge and most likely a once in a lifetime thing.I stayed outside scanning the ridge hopeing to see the object once more.After waitng for about five minutes,sure enough,it reappeared but at a much greater distance over the southeastern part of the ridge.I new it was the same vehical from the soft glowing fields of enery emitting from the wings of the craft.The vehical began to accelerate toward the east at an unbelievable speed and was out of sight in less than a second.Due to this sighting,I have been watching the night skys for five years now,hopeing to catch a glimpse of any extraterrestrial vehical that may be traveling through the night sky.I will always remember this event,and now I know.Some of you might ask,why did I wait five years to post this information.As most of you well know,the subject of UFOs is a very sensitive area.For that reason,I made the decision to keep this information to myself.I sometimes listen to coast to coast and recently heard of a report of a triangle shaped vehical in total silence over a residence in Bristol, Tn, which is ten minutes east of my location.  After hearing this,I decided to post this information.  From my understanding,the Bristol Tn event took place in the late evening or night hours of August 30,2013.I have been checking this website daily for an update, in hopes of reading this report.I would like to thank everyone involvled in the developement and creation of UFORC, which has given me the opportunity to post this wonderful and truely amazing experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));36.5373000000009;-82.3701000000001
