Amber colored lights in sky.;2005-10-15 23:00:00;10 - 15 minutes;Amber colored lights in sky. Driving home late one night in October 2005 (around the 15th) with my family we looked up into the sky and saw between three to five circle lights high in the sky.  They were amber-yellow in color and were in a line-like formation.  We stopped the vehicle and exited to get a better look.  We heard no sound and the lights remained in the same location in the sky for a few minutes.  While watching, the lights would disappear one by one and reappear in a different location.  Eventually the lights all disappeared at the same time, vanishing completely.  The reason I am reporting this incident over 2 years later is because today for the first time I saw a show on the Discovery Channel which showed almost exactly what we witnessed.  Before seeing this show I thought that we had been the only people witnessing such an event.  Although the show is taken from 1997 footage I have never seen it before.  The difference from what we saw and the show was that the lights we saw disappeared and reappeared in different locations in the sky. Also, instead of seeing nine or so lights we saw between three to five at any given time.  I also witnessed these same lights at a different time and location while driving home with a friend from a band competition.  It was around 1:00 in the morning and these lights were in the opposite sky (east instead of west).  My friend and I did not stop driving but watched while we drove.  These lights seemed to be moving across the sky in the same line-like formation.  After I made a turn the lights were behind us and a few minutes later we looked back and they were completely gone.  There was also a third encounter with these lights on a different night around the same location as the first where I was alone and saw the same lights.  I was unable to determine if these lights seemed to be individual or that of one craft.  I have not seen these lights since 2005.  All of the witnesses are well educated and do not believe in supernatural beings which is one of the reasons we d! id not w ant to report until now.  I am currently a college student half-way through my second year pursuing a chemistry degree (at the time I was a senior in high school).  My mother is also a college graduate with a B.S. degree in English.  My father is not a college graduate but has schooling after high school.  My brother is a high school student preparing for college. Finally, my friend, the last witness is a college student.  None of us can agree on what we saw and do believe it was something very unordinary. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.6312;-76.1738
