Sleek Triangle Object, Two rows of lights;1985-07-10 18:30:00;5 - 10 minutes;Sleek Triangle Object, Two rows of lights This event happened back when Cosby was still Prime Time with new episodes, but I remember it better than any TV show I've ever seen.  I was just a kid from a rather conservative and religious family, who didn't give much thought or attention to things outside of the normal daily routine.  I had a friend who witnessed the event with me, my next door neighbor, ((name deleted)).  She was three years younger than myself.  We were outside in the early evening playing catch the sun had just set.  The lights from the dead end street we lived on put a soft light on her yard which was next to the field.  She threw the ball up into the air, and when I looked up to get a good position on the ball I noticed a formation of helicopters traveling in a southeastern formation.  I counted six or so, which were making fast progress, in single file.  The ball hit the ground.  I commented how strange it was to see that many helicopters traveling together and in that formation when we both heard a rather deep pulsating noise which made us both look toward the field.  I yelled, hey, ((name deleted)), common! and we both ran toward the edge of the field which was just between her house and the beginning of the first row of maple and birch trees.  There it was.  In a word, huge.  I had the impression that if it were on the ground, it would be the size of two houses.  I have often wondered how high the object was off the ground and if it were larger than that, but it sounded like it was close to us based on the volume of the thing.  The noise could be described as a vibration that came in and out of the audible range ... I could feel it in my stomach.  It had a strange echo or reverb which was peculiar to my ears.  The object was a long triangle and had absolutely no features to be distingushed apart from its lights.  I observed it as a very smooth and completely black object against a dark blue night sky.  There were no wings and I could see no jet intakes, hover vents, or anything which would explain its motion ... indeed it appeared to be floating very slowly maybe 100 ft above the treeline.  The trees it seemed to be over were not impacted or moved by the object like a helicopter or hover plane would produce.  The object appeared to be moving west, slightly to the south.  It gave me the impression of something ducking behind cover and waiting for the coast to clear.  Unless it was a sharply angled triangular blimp, it had no means by which I could determine it staying airborne.  I expect I was looking at the bottom of the object, except that the angle it was moving up and westward made me think it was the side of the object.  There were two series of lights, 5 running its length (on either side, or top and bottom depending on your perspective).  Each light in the row was a different color, but corresponded to the row of ligts on the other side.  Red, Green, Yellow, Blue, White. (not sure about the order).  I wanted to get a better view of the object, and began running to get a better position to observe before it moved out of our visual range due to our low obervation ground and all the tall objects around us (houses and trees) when it vanished.  No flash, to streak, no change in noise volume ... it just stopped being there.  It changed my worldview forever. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
In the pre-dawn hours of the above date I encountered a large, triangular craft hovering silently about 100 foot above the freeway.;1994-03-18 05:10:00;5 minutes;In the pre-dawn hours of the above date I encountered a large, triangular craft hovering silently about 100 foot above the freeway. At the time of this encounter I was 42 years-old.  I have a Bachelor of Science from the University of Michigan (in psychology) and, prior to this event, I had no particular interest in the subject of UFOs.  Like everyone else in the civilized world, I suppose, I'd seen Close Encounters of the Third Kind in the 1970's.  Beyond that, however, I knew very little about this phenomenon and tended to be skeptical - if not completely dismissive - of the occassional reports that I'd see in papers, on the news, etc. It is noteworthy, though, that on the day before this happened to me almost the entire front page of our local newspaper (The Flint Journal) was devoted to reports of UFOs sighted near Holland, Michigan (the past week) and sightings over crowded, residential areas within the City of Flint the previous evening.  The headlines that day were, in fact, in reference to this spate of sightings. At the time I'd picked up a temporary job in a small factory about 50 miles south of Flint and was scheduled to be at work at 6:00 AM.  Traveling south on I-75 (and then US-23), as my car crested the Bristol Rd. overpass, I saw two very bright, airborne headlights off in the distance it was clearly an airborne object of some sort though the lights were quite low on the horizon.  Since the airport was to my right (at the southwestern intersection of I-75 and Bristol Rd.) I simply assumed a very large plane was landing. For the next few miles my view of these lights was often obscured by buildings and foilage because they were, as I've said, quite low on the horizon.  At one point the freeeway curves, and from about three-quarters of a mile away, I could see that whatever the object was it wasn't moving - and it was, indeed, very low to the ground. Approaching the object I had a very ominous feeling.  It was sitting just to the right of the freeway and hovering slightly above a grove off full grown trees.  The northern-facing headlights, even from a distance of an eigth-of-a mile, had a brilliant, phosphorus look that was just plain weird.  I would estimate that the lights were about forty feet apart.  As I got closer to the object, which made no sound whatsoever, the lights seemed to be vibrating or to have some sort of internal motion - it's difficult to describe. Frankly, I was terrified.  I slowed a bit as I passed almost directly underneath the object.  Bending forward to look up at it I saw that it had a red light that was pulsating on it's bottom.  This light illuminated the outline of a large, triangular craft whose underside had striations - or a ribbing of sorts - and which appeared (as much as I could determine) to be made of metal.  It was very, very large and yet, as I've said, made no sound at all. I floored the car in terror and, then, about 100 yards down the freeway hit the brakes and looked back.  I could see it's outline hanging there above the trees and it was as motionless as a cinder block sitting on an oak table. At work I talked to 3 other people who'd seen it and we were all dumbfounded - and scared to death.  The next day, an air traffic controller at Flint's Bishop Airport gave me the number for MUFON (I'd never heard of it) and they came to my home a few days later to take a report.  The air traffic controller, by the way, chuckled as he listened to my story but also stated that he'd seen a lot of things he couldn't explain either (no one, he said, had seen anything from the tower the previous morning - this is something which I absolutely DO NOT believe).  He said, to paraphrase, that since Uncle Sam was signing his paychecks he wasn't going to elaborate on any of his own sightings. The Michigan director of MUFON came to my home, as I've said, a few days later and took a report.  She also told me that she'd been contacted by two women who, while carpooling to work at 10 PM the night before my sighting, had seen what I'd described hovering over both lanes of the freeway at precisely the same location.  She went on to say that the women had only seen the object after they'd suddenly realized that they were inexplicably traveling north on I-75 (instead of south) and had exited and turned around they had no explanation, she said, for how they'd left Flint on southbound I-75 and ended up a bit dazed and headed north (having to turn around to head in the direction of work). Now - this all sounded like a lot of malarky to me.  Even though I'd seen this thing my initial impression was that the lady from MUFON was some sort of kook.  Then, on Tuesday of the next week, a lady with whom I'd become friends approached me at work, looking very upset, and asked me to call her after work. In a nutshell, she had overheard me relating a few details of my conversation with the lady from MUFON with people at the shop.  She seemed like a sane, sober individual (strong Baptist, sang in the choir at church, etc.) but, on the phone that evening, told me of flashbacks she was having of a classic UFO abduction.  She, too, was carpooling that morning with another young women and didn't see anything.  Her van, however, started spinning out of control and she thought she'd hit black ice, as she put it.  The spinning, however, accelerated and she could remember - she said - going up. These two ladies, also, found themselves driving north on I-75 (and don't really understand how this happened), experienced missing time, etc.  The women I spoke to was hysterical, at the time, and - as I've indicated - seemed very normal otherwise.  I have no reason to doubt her story (which included seeing her reflection in the large eyes of some big-eyed being). Obviously, the latter part of this is anecdotal but I believe that these two women had experienced what they described - a UFO abudction.  I know exactly what I DID NOT see: I didn't see a helicopter, swamp gas, the planet Venus, nor state-of-the-art human technology. I've typed this extremely fast so I hope it makes sense.  I hope you continue to get at the truth - someone need to.....;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
Not quite sure what I saw!;1995-01-15 04:30:00;till site not visible any;((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximas Not quite sure what I saw! I only observed 1.  At the time, I delivered mail for a company.  It was about 4:30am. It was either Jan. or Feb. of 1995.  I was on Miller Run road, I had just gotten off of I-75, I was almost to my destination when I heard a real quiet hum, I thought it was my delivery vehicle.  I turned the radio off, and noticed a black shadow behind me (my vehicle).  I slowed down, and it went right over me.  It was a trianle shape, and very, very huge.  It was very, very quiet for it's shape.  What scared me most is how low it could go, at such a slow speed and so quiet.  It was in the winter time, like I said I turned down my radio.  I put my window down, and could not believe how quiet it was.  It was an airy, kind of light suction, sound with a slight hiss.  It was about 1 1/2- to 2 telephone pole lenghts above me.  I seen a few very dim light, 3 if that.  It appeared to be very large, maybe the size of an average stadium.  It was more triangular in shape.  This vessel did not harm me in any way. I am married, and am a mother of 2.  I recently took time off from work due to childbirth, but was an administrative assistant. I do not wish to be contacted or bothered.;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
3 triangle shaped lights observed flying in union forming a triangle.;2000-10-29 01:00:00;10 seconds;3 triangle shaped lights observed flying in union forming a triangle. 3 triangle shaped lights observed flying in union in Eastern sky on very clear night. Objects were orange and moving from north to south at a steady pace. Each object was triangle shaped and together formed a triangle.;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
my brother and i was leaving our other brothers house. i looked up at what i thought were geese flying in formation. they were not gees;2001-04-29 23:59:00;3 seconds;my brother and i was leaving our other brothers house. i looked up at what i thought were geese flying in formation. they were not geese! we onlysaw them for about 3 seconds. 5 or 6 triangle shaped objects flying in formation. very fast! from south to north.no sound what so ever.;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
flying triangles;2005-12-19 19:00:00;5 seconds;flying triangles 5-7 triangles flew from north to south. No noise what so ever.They kind of looked puffy like pillows.No lights on them. ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same person.  PD));43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
Triangle Shaped Object over Flint Michigan;2006-04-11 21:15:00;3 Minutes;Triangle Shaped Object over Flint Michigan I was heading North on I-75 in Flint, MI and at approx 9:15 PM i saw a light to the NW and thought it was a new tower.   As I travelled further north it was crossing above I-75 just north of Pierson Rd above businesses.  There were a few cars parked on the side of the expressway viewing the object.   The object passed directly over me as i continued to head north, it was travelling from west to east.  It was triangular in shape and had a strobing red light in the center and three light panels that strobed white light from near center to the points of the triangular shape.   I cannot tell for sure if it was a true triangle but the white strobes gave the appearance of a 3 legged boomerang, at least.;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
My dad's friend was driving me home from my hunter's saftey class one night. WE had just gone under the bridge at Belsay road and I tho;2007-08-04 20:45:00;15 seconds;My dad's friend was driving me home from my hunter's saftey class one night.  WE had just gone under the bridge at Belsay road and I thought I saw a plane because there is an airport nearby.  As we got closer I realized that it was not a plane at all nor any type of aircraft I had ever seen.  It was triangular in shape and had three lights on each corner.  It hovered and spun slowly about 100 yds off the ground and about 100 yds south of the expressway.  We drove around a curve and it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
low flying triangle genesee county mi;2017-12-23 19:30:00;30 seconds;low flying triangle genesee county mi traveling through flint area on north I-75 , as i come around a long curve curve i notice a distinct set of lights hovering in the sky close to the horizon.initially i didnt think much of it assuming it was a low plane or a distant tower but the closer i got to where this ufo was hovering the more i started to notice what it was.this giant triangular craft had an extremely complex and bright light array on the bottom and sides, and it also had what i can only describe as two light beams projecting above and below it ,illuminating the surrounding sky and clouds.as i approached i started to realize that whatever i was looking at was absolutely massive,bigger than anything ive ever seen in the sky ,and it was also hovering at a low altitude,low enough that i could see the black surface of the craft quite well..as i passed where it was hovering in place it started to maneuver across the sky in a highly precise and unnatural way,before disappearing instantly in a ! bright flash of light.;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
