Meteor shower? Sonic boom? I don't know...;1986-06-01 19:00:00;10 minutes;Meteor shower? Sonic boom? I don't know... I remember two seperate events. The first one happened in June or July of 1986. I was 8 years old. I witnessed what I thought was a Meteor shower. We had a thunderstorm that afternoon, complete with warnings. I believe it was on a Sunday.   Anyway, I liked storms for some reason.  Especially afterwards because I would look for rainbows. Well, as I watched out of the back door through the screen door...I saw a the sky start to turn a brilliant orange/red color.  I mean this was a deep orange-red (almost like dusk, but it was too early in the day for this).  The next thing I know I saw a few fireballs rain down.  I called for my family to come look.  I mean these objects were on fire.  I thought that it was judgement day or something but I wasn't scared. Which is why I thought it was because noone was concerned. We all had this euphoria going on. They were round and it looked like fire was around them. I mean they were showering, however, no one was concerned about them starting a fire.  I don't remember what happened after that.  Also, nobody in my family remembers it.  I have asked several people around town and they really don't remember.  A few people I asked that are around my age say they remember about as much as I do...and nothing after.  The rest of the day is just sort of blank.  I try to remember myself and it's hazy what happened afterward.  However, I do remember not hearing any fire engines or anything.  This has bugged me for years.  I guess it could be dismissed as a meteor shower but I can't find any reports and nobody remembers.  What happened?   The second incident was about four years or so after that(circa 1990).  I can't remember what year but it was the summer time and as I looked outsid in mid-afternoon I heard a awesomely loud clangy like sound.  My first thought was that it was an accident but where was the screeching tire sound? The clanging metal sound lasted too long for a MVA! It sounding more like a symbol as it pulsated outward. The musician in me noticed that it almost changed tone as it moved (like someone running their fingers across piano keys, but imagine keys sounding like metallic chimes with tones sounding almost identical but still different). A good example is the movie War of the Worlds (newer version) the sound the tripods made right before they fire the weapons. I looked down out of the window and saw people running outside. They were hollering what was that?! My dad was hollering too. It was on the news. They said that there were no military planes in the area and the airport didn't even have any planes in the air at that moment. Also, this spread out over the entire county. Wild. I have never heard anything else about it...not even the next day. Also, I haven't heard anything else like this since then. Someone should investigate these two incidents. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the dates of the incidents are approximate.  PD));43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
Unidentified, Hovering, Glowing Object;2012-02-20 20:00:00;2.5 minutes;Unidentified, Hovering, Glowing Object Sitting outside on porch, 5 jets flew over.  These jets came from E to W.  Wondering what they might be searching for, I ran inside and grabbed my camers- just in case.  When I went back outside and began looking around, I saw a strange, brightly-glowing fluorescent object hovering  to the SE of my vantage point, and it appeared to be not very high in the sky (where a normal plane might be.  This object was not moving, either.  Took a quick picture, and watched the glowing object for about another 2 minutes.  Then, just like somebody turned a light switch off- it was GONE.  I have the photo, and have reported it to MUFON.  The pic is on their website. ((NUFORC Note:  May be an evening sighting.  We have amended the time above.  PD));43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
Driving down ballanger to vanslyke about to go over the tracks  i catch a blue turquoise color ball out the corner of my eyes as soon a;2013-09-27 12:45:00;5 seconds;driving down ballanger to vanslyke about to go over the tracks  i catch a blue turquoise color ball out the corner of my eyes as soon as i looked up it shot across the sky s sw direction towards the ground gone less than 5 seconds;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
Notified 911- An Officer of the Law witnessed this also! Red, Green, & White flashing lights, hovering in the night sky's.;2015-04-26 21:48:00;indefinite;Notified 911- An Officer of the Law witnessed this also!  Red, Green, & White flashing lights, hovering in the night sky's. WOW is all I can say!  Last evening I was preparing for bed at 9:48 pm I forgot to shut my Bay Window in the front of the house,  The window is Western sky view.,  I live N.E. of Flint, MI) I can also see the sky's in the area of Lansing Michigan (State Capital), however, I proceeded to the window, and strangely enough, I noticed some lights Red, Green, & White in nature, simultaneous flashing back & forth, I studied it for a couple of minutes for we have an Airport s.w. of my home in that direction, so I almost brushed it off as a very tall tower for the Airplanes to know where the Airport is located.  However... I've lived in this home for 18 years and NEVER seen this in that area before nor any towers.  So I went to get my camera phone to try and video tape and unfortunately it was way too dark for the camera to pick it up.  This object was hovering & very steadfast!  And did so for approximately 20 minutes.  I then decided at 10:09 to call 911 for I knew after viewing this object, it wasn't normal! I apologized to the wonderful young lady that answered the call, indicating that I didn't have a normal emergency if one at all that my call was in reference to. I then explained what I was & continued to see while talking to her, and asked that she step outside to see it for herself & others there, to witness this phenomenon. She politely said that she would send an Officer out and I replied back that it wasn't necessary for any one to come out, that I just wanted her to please view it. I then thanked her, hung up the phone, and approximately 7-8 minutes later an Officer was driving out of my Private Drive, so I opened my Bay Window and asked that he look over to the S.W. sky's to his right, he did and was amazed as I was!!  We had discussed a couple of other things and then he said he was going to drive into the direction that the object is in, by then the object had moved slightly headed toward Lansing Michig! an way, we said good night, he drove away, I... still amazed, ! stood th ere for it seemed like forever and the object was picking up ever so slightly in speed heading toward the Lansing Area, Lake Michigan is also in that direction. To my amazement, I was satisfied that an Officer had seen it trust me!,  The object was moving out of view into the night sky, mind you still seeing the lights, but not so close any longer, I headed to bed! I then decided to call Channel 12 WJRT News Room and she actually called me CRAZY!  I was ASTOUNDED by her actions to this matter, when in act, she could have just gone outside and witnessed it for herself!  All she could say is Do you know how many calls we get on this, are you saying a UFO? I NEVER USED THE WORD... SHE DID! Then I said, well yes I suppose that could be such!  She replied CRAZY!  I said are you calling me crazy?  She replied yes I am!  I tried to respond to her and she just HUNG UP THE PHONE!  So IF there are that m! any calls about this matter, than what are reporters there for??  To INVESTIGATE! I thought so anyway!;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
Rotating object, appearing to be near lake Lake Michigan near Grand Rapids.  ((Spacelink satellites.));2019-12-22 17:20:00;5 minutes;Rotating object, appearing to be near lake Lake Michigan near Grand Rapids. Saw a line of lights, evenly spaced apart, which appears to be part of a larger structure which was rotating.  Caught on video but the quality is not the greatest.  Appeared to be about 100 miles due west from Flint, MI - likely near Lake Michigan close to the Grand Rapids area. When I first saw them, it appeared that it was several separate objects, flying straight and disappearing into space, but after reviewing the video it definitely appears they were part of a larger object which is rotating.  Very clear night, and able to clearly see passenger aircraft flying at cruising altitudes, this appears to be much lower than them and compared to images of the starlink satellites - the spacing in between lights is much, much father apart. There appears to be an aircraft, likely a helicopter, flying around the vicinity of the first object, and disappears shortly after the lights do.  From start to finish of my video is exactly 2 min 20 sec.  The video stops on its own and for some reason takes a single picture as it shuts off.  At precisely this time the lights disappeared.;43.0210300000002;-83.7155533333335
