Mysterious red lights hover at great speeds and preform unheardof manuvers over mt. range in northern Arizona.;2004-01-05 19:00:00;35 min;Mysterious red lights hover at great speeds and preform unheardof manuvers over mt. range in northern Arizona. Myself and two friends were driving back home to pheonix after a short trip to las vegas. We were stopping for gas when the driver of the car commented on the really bright stars that had appeared about 45 min before the sun was ready to set. The objects seemed to be moving... so, stuck in the back seat of a civic in the middle of the desert, I had little else to pay attention to. Within minutes, one of the objects (which was first a bright light, then a cigar shape) turned red very suddenly, and it appeared to have exploded. Excited, I yelled to my friend (who had first dismissed the objects as weather balloons), who then, nervouse, watched intently with me as the first object began to fall, while the second object, still white light untill this point, turned a bright red and appeard to hover about the mountain range adjacent to interstate 40 south bound. The object started to do several other bizarre things, like break out into a lateral acceleration that must have covered 50 miles within seconds, stop, turn colors, lift into the sky and return to it's low altitude, go in reverse immidiatly with rapid speed, then rocket off again. After reaching the near-end of the mountain range, the view opened up, after which we were all shocked to see the object we had observed meet up with 5-6 more just like it, but each one was a varying intensity of red light (kind of how closer stars are brighter vs. farther stars at night time).All of these objects demonstrated thier agility and handling just as the first. One by one, the objects were either dissappearing behind trees/hills/poles or literally vanishing into thin air. We saw several other objects that were clearly airplanes and helicopters during the rest of our drive that evening, but absolutly nothing like the red lights on the mountains. We attempted to take photographs of these objects with a Kodak Max disposable camera, but the lights did not appear through the view finder of the camera when we were making the snapshots. When I develop! the film, if there are images, I will gladly scan/email or snailmail them.;35.3173;-112.9535
