Large obj. with fluid oil slick body spurting sparks from the rear flies dirctly over our truck.  ((NUFORC Note:  Satellite?  PD));2015-06-29 01:28:00;4-5 minutes;Large metallic object with fluid oil slick body spurting sparks from the rear flies dirctly over Our truck on HWY 1 in Wadley, GA. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the sighting was of a re-entering Russian satellite.  See comment, submitted by Mr. Ted Molczan, satellite tracker, that appears at the end of the report below.  PD)) On 28 June, 2015, at about 5pm my family and I departed from Richmond Hill, GA, on our long road trip to Colorado Springs, CO, where I will be stationed as an active duty Army senior NCO.   Prior to leaving I bought a brand new GPS navigation unit and we tested it out in town prior to our trip knowing it worked well.  Our navigation unit directed us toward Augusta, GA.  Our kids fell asleep at about 9pm. At precisely 01:28am 29 June 2015 on HWY 1 south heading north approximately 7-8 miles south of a gas station at 10525 HWY 1 south, Wadley, GA, 30477.  Our radio began to get real static so I turned it down when my wife noticed a very large object flying left to right coming toward us.  I looked up to the left and hit my brakes stopping our truck to the side of the road.  The object appeared to be approximately 250 meters in length 60 meters height and was approximately flying 200 feet in altitude and was spurting sparks from the rear of the object.  The sparks were jetting out about 50-80 meters in a pattern of controlling thrust. My wife and I had a very good look at the object closer than anyone else on that highway considering there was no vehicles in sight.  The object had a dim glow of a orange around it, vague but noticeable.  The objects exterior was metallic but appeared to look like oil on water effect to it and appeared to be fluid like movement over the metallic body of the object.   My wife and I watched in disbelief in what we were witnessing as it moved left to right the object decreased in altitude as it was over the highway then began to increase in altitude after it crossed the highway right overhead of us.  We watched as it increased in altitude and penetrated some clouds and accelerated out of sight through the cloud cover quickly. I got back on the road and processed down the highway way feeling a bit shook up with a mild headache trying debunk what it might have been.  Too fast for a blimp, too slow for airplanes, no sound but mild humming, too big to be any aircraft or helicopter, and so on.   About 4-5 miles further up the road a semi truck had stopped on the side of the road on the southbound lanes and a car with a guy getting back in their car as they saw what we saw.  I stopped at the first gas station on the right and told the guy there what we saw and bought a few things to proceed on our road trip.  An hour later our navigation system malfunctioned telling us we were at our final destination in the middle of nowhere at a church.  My wife mentioned that we have been driving 9 hours which steamed to me to be a long time for the amount distance we cover.  I stopped and powered it down and reset it to Colorado Springs.  We got back on track and we stopped to sleep in north Atlanta area just after 6am. My stomach was upset and I did not sleep well nor did my wife. We got up late afternoon and got back on the road. 6 hours after being on the road my trucks transmission began acting up and we had stopped.  I messed around with changing my truck's transmission settings through all the functions for about 15 minutes and it eventually corrected itself.  I have had on an off headaches and upset stomach since witnessing this object.  My truck has been acting odd as well, check engine oil level, check engine, and a large chip in the windshield not noticed before. I have receipts and time lines. I am capable of drawing and painting a visual representation of what we saw but my art supplies are packed away until we find a home to buy so I’m limited as to what I can do for the time being.  The image of that object is vivid in my mind to good detail so I will have produce a visual reference at a later time. Please keep in mind I am active duty military.  I’m speaking of this only because I have not yet been told not to and forced to sign non disclosure orders as I have been forced to in the past.  My MOS has  presented me with more than a few of incidents in similar situations.  I have always had been approached and forced to sign the nondisclosure orders.  If you need anything else someone needs to get here and talk to me soon. Thanks! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite objective and serious-minded.  We wonder whether he and his family might have been witness to the re-entering satellite, reported for the same time and date over the Midwest and East Coast.  However, in a second conversation, the witness states unambiguously that he believes that what he witnessed with his family was not a re-entering satellite.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM MR. TED MOLCZAN, SATELLITE TRACKER)) Hello Peter, I received the meteor camera data this morning.  A quick review indicates that the re-entry passed roughly 3 to 4 min. earlier than I had estimated from the orbital data.  This reduces the discrepancy between the reported time of the sighting and re-entry to about 1 to 2 min.  Taking into account the Earth's rotation relative the trajectory, the earlier passage shifted the track closer to the witness, resulting in roughly a 10 to 15 deg higher elevation above the horizon than in my earlier estimate.  Therefore, their view of the event was even better than my earlier estimate. I hope to complete a more thorough analysis of the meteor data in the coming weeks, but I do not expect the results to materially affect my finding that the re-entry is the most probable cause of the UFO sighting. Regards, Ted ((END ADDENDUM));32.8775;-82.4057
