Dark circular object floating stock still in the air. Was not seen when photo was shot. It's not in any of the other photos taken.;2007-04-09 18:05:00;2 seconds?;Dark circular object floating stock still in the air.  Was not seen when photo was shot. It's not in any of the other photos taken. I was in Elmsford, NY with business and had some time to kill before a 6:15 appointment. I decided to fiddle around with my new cell phone's digital camera and started taking pictures of an industrial park across the highway. It was a beautiful spring day, and the sun was still high in the sky/just beginning to go down in the western horizon. I took two or three photos before this one and there was no spot or other anomaly on the photographs. I only noticed this anomaly IN the camera, as this last shot was kind of facing a very bright sun, and did not see the object when I was taking the picture.  I thought when I looked at the image (after shooting it) in the camera frame that it was a glitch due to pointing it into/near the sun that maybe the camera didn't like that, but as stated, the other images taken didn't have this very obvious defect. There were no birds, planes, weather balloons, balloons in general or blimps flying overhead. It was a very bright day. I don't know what this is, but it was there and gone in an instant apparently.  I had another strange thing happen with a singular stationary star-like bright light shining VERY brightly over my apartment building the other night as well (about five or six  days ago), but I don't want to send it as it has identifying street markers and I am extremely nervous about sending it via the internet due to the violent/anti-civil rights atmosphere in our government at the moment... I'm not paranoid, but let's just say I am extremely wary of the possibilities...  Please feel free to analyze this image, do anything you want to the photo, just please don't publish my name. If you can get back to me and tell me anything about this, it would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you.;41.0566;-73.8128
