I saw a bright multi-colored light which moved in an erratic fashion and appeared at times to be an orb surrounded by energy.;2000-11-26 00:00:00;2 hours;I saw a bright multi-colored light which moved in an erratic fashion and appeared at times to be an orb surrounded by energy. Saw a very bright star that seemed very out of place.  Upon further observation noticed that the light was blinking and changing colors rapidly from red, blue, green, yellow and then would change back to white for a while then go back through the same repition.  I then proceeded to get out the video cameraand under 16x zoom noticed that the light would often proceed in an erratic motion and would quickly go from being a pinprick of light to a large orb surrounded by an ambience of energy.  I'm sorry if these terms are ambiguous I'm not sure how else to describe it.  There were several, perhaps 3 or four, fainter lights surrounding the brighter light.  The lights were still there when I went to bed, so I'm not sure the exact duration of the event, but I observed it for at least two hours. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe the report may address a twinkling star, or a planet.  The image changed in the video viewfinder because it was set on AutoFocus during nighttime conditions.  We have many such videos on file.  PD));36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
Bright geosynchronus light that appears every morning.   ((NUFORC Note: Probable sighting of celestial body.  PD));2006-01-01 04:45:00;ongoing;Bright geosynchronus light that appears every morning. On 01/01/06 at approx. 0445, my partner and I observed for the first time a bright light in the eastern sky from our location. At first, we thought it was a large aircraft with it's landing lights on, heading westbound toward Tulsa International Airport. As we continued to observe the light, we noticed that it did not move. We were able to get out of our car and watch the light for an hour, and it never changed position in relation to us, the horizon, or any other observable object, while the stars progressed across the sky as normal.  The object is obviously geosynchronus as it has been in the same position in the sky visible at the same basic time every morning for three months. The only time it is otherwise visible is on Monday nights, when it is visible all night long. It is not visible any other night of the week until approx. 04:30am.  I have written NASA asking what this might be, but have received no response from them. At leasat ten other people have observed this same phenomenon, almost all are law enforcement officers as I. i believe it may simply be a satellite, but it's position does not match anything I have been able to find on sites such as NASA's downloadable satellite tracking software.  Not saying it's a spaceship or anything, but no one seems to be willing to tell me what it is. ((NUFORC Note: Probable sighting of celestial body.  PD));36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
white/blue light with white tail seen traveling south to north in Eastern Oklahoma;2006-04-19 21:30:00;3 seconds;white/blue light with white tail seen traveling south to north in Eastern Oklahoma Bright white/blue light with tail shooting from south to north. Possibly a shooting star but very close to earth and traveling extremely fast.;36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
Low-flying light travelled through neighborhood and approached me I ran away, lol.;2007-09-15 19:00:00;15 minutes;Low-flying light travelled through neighborhood and approached me I ran away, lol. So, this story takes place when I was in around 8th to 9th grade, in a little neighborhood near Claremore, Oklahoma.  My neighborhood was awesome, situated in a wooded area, near a field with a few cows.  It had friendly neighbors, great scenery, and an easy road for taking walks. Anyway...  The neighborhood road was shaped like a figure 8 with a little snippet of road leading to the highway.  The houses were tucked in the squares of the figure 8 and on the outside of the figure.  My house was located on the cross-section of the figure 8, so I could see the road behind my house, to the side of the house, and in front of me (of course.)   One evening, as dusk was approaching, I happened to look out of my window of the living room, and my gaze fixed on the road behind my house (between my neighbor behind me, I could see bits of that road.)  I continued to look out of the window, and I happened to see a peculiar, purple light travelling down the road.   At first, I thought this must have been someone on a bicycle.  Now, this cross section road had a hill toward the end of it.  As I watched this light, I could tell it wasn't a person, because the light didn't bob up and down to match a person's gait.  As the light traveled down the hill, I thought it odd that it wouldn't increase in speed.  I would say it was probably traveling at a consistent pace of around 5-7 miles per hour.  So essentially, the same pace of a person running. As the light rounded the corner toward my street, I continued to watch it from my living room window until I could no longer view it from there.  When I couldn't view it, I went to my office window and watched it though the blinds, as it made the final bend onto my street. The feeling from watching this light must have felt similar to a fish entranced by an angler fish light.  It was small, and the light was a mix of bright purple and white light.  For whatever reason (being older, I feel like this was stupid of me) I decided it would be a great idea to go outside.  So I did.  My house had its own sidewalk, and the exterior wall of the office shielded the entry way and small portion of the sidewalk from view.  By this point, the light was about to make its final bend onto my street, and I was watching from my sidewalk. As it made the turn to go onto my street, I moved to the driveway (it had a huge slope) and thought it would be best to hide behind the pine tree next to my driveway. (this was a baby pine tree, by the way.)  So I'm watching this light from my vantage point, and although I can't exactly remember what all my thoughts were at the time,  I remember clearly thinking about what the light was attached to.  As it got closer, it was more apparent that the light wasn't attached to a bike at all, much less anything else. Now, this is the part that gives me chills.  So, the ditches by the edges of each yard are pretty deep.  My brother, friends, and I would often jump these ditches with our bikes, and even on foot, a person would need to take a pretty big step to get across it.  So the light approached my yard, and went over the ditch...  I was pretty freaked out at this point, because 1.  clearly there was no one attached to this light, as it smoothly glided over the ditch, and 2. its approach toward my vantage point meant that whatever this was knew my location.  As the light started to cross the driveway, towards myself, my flight or fight response kicked in, and I ran! We had a chain link fence around the backyard for my dogs to play in, and it was around 5 feet high. I guess I had so much adrenaline that I did this Mario-esque wall jump right over the fence, and high-tailed it inside. When I got inside, my parents were a little alarmed that I seemed so shaken up, but when we went back outside to search for the light, there was no trace of it. To this day, I have no idea about what it was.  Sometimes I wonder how I would react if I encountered it again.  I also wonder if anyone else has encountered something similar?;36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
Bright greenish white streak in silent sky, looked very close.;2008-10-07 22:00:00;Five seconds;Bright greenish white streak in silent sky, looked very close. I was outside jogging about 9 PM and saw a bright greenish light with a tail coming down at a extreme angle. Just about a minute before seeing this light I saw a small propeller plane flying very low passed the same area where I saw the light. At first I thought it was the plan crashing because the light looked like the tail lights/night lights of the plane but because there was no noise (where the plane just before this was very loud) and just a greenish white looking streak I ruled that out. It looked like a firework to me but since it was coming down at a extreme angle and I heard no noises, and it looked very close.. I ruled that out too by driving around the neighborhood looking for a possible crash site or perhaps people launching off fireworks in some kind of celebration. Nobody was out.  I just got a weird feeling about this, it was so random.. Using google to try to find some similar reports lead me to this site, which was really surprising.  Looking at this check list of characteristics below, I did too notice there were a few planes in the same area of the sky where this object was at.. Gives me goosebumps now I think about it.;36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
Very bright light, changed shapes, flashing lights, went straight up in sky, had smoke coming out.;2013-01-06 17:31:00;10-12 minutes;very bright light, changed shapes, flashing lights, went straight up in sky, had smoke coming out At about 5:31pm, my husband and I were driving southwest on the Will Rogers turnpike in NE Oklahoma.  We were just about to pass the exit for Claremore when out of no where, a bright light appeared in the sky.  It was almost dusk at that moment and the sky was a dim bluish- grey with pink outlining the hillside.  The light seemed to have the sun reflecting off of it and it appeared to be a thick vertical line.   At first, we thought it might be a jet leaving a trail of smoke behind it, but as we watched it closer it didn’t appear to be moving at all.  The line of light would become longer, then it would shrink back and become a sphere of light.   At this point it did not appear to be moving, but rather hovering in one place in the sky. To the left of it we could see a regular airplane flying towards it.  It had a long line of smoke behind it and it was not as bright as the unidentified object. The bright light than began ascending straight up into the sky very slowly! as the plane grew closer.   My husband and I held our breath because from our view, it looked as though they were going to collide.  Right before the airplane reached this object, it sped up in the sky.  It was going straight vertical.  When it moved up, there were two short smoke trails behind it.  You could actually see the smoke moving and billowing behind it.   The closer we got, we saw that there were flashing lights at the top of this object.  It continued vertical and continued to have a light aura all around it.  The light seemed to be vaguely changing colors.  We got to a point where we were completely underneath it, and my husband had to look straight up through the windshield to see it as it was over our car roof.  He explained it to look like a ball of red with smoke trails and flashing lights.  After this one last look, it was too high in the atmosphere to see anymore.   We continued driving and about two minutes later, we saw a black military plane flying lower in the sky.   At this time, we also encountered four small uncontrolled fires.  One w as in a neighborhood and a few were in the trees.  The smoke was very thick on the road.  I’m not sure if this is related but I thought I would share it anyways.  It’s very common to see people burning in Oklahoma but they usually do that closer to spring.  It helps their crops come back the next season.  We assumed it’s a rocket shuttle but there has been nothing on the news about this.;36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
Blue and red flashing lights in Oklahoma.;2014-02-28 01:00:00;3 hours;Blue and red flashing lights in Oklahoma. The incident started around end of February and through mid-March.  My husband and I would see the same flashing red and blue lights for weeks.  It barely moved but night after night it was there. The main reason I was sending this was because I heard Mr. Davenport's report on Coast to Coast tonight (4/19/14) and he reported this same incident occured in Missouri.  He believed it to be a hoax, but my husband and I have seen it several times.  I'm not entirely sure its fake but if it is, the hoaxers have a very extended reach. ((NUFORC Note:  A sighting of a genuine UFO that lasts approximately 3 hours would be exceptionally rare, we believe.  I suspect that a sighting of so-called twinkling stars is a much greater likelihood.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
Very bright white light noted at 5am, disappeared, reappeared in same spot, then slowly lifted off the ground, then gone in a blink.;2018-01-15 05:00:00;10 minutes;Very bright white light noted at 5am, disappeared, reappeared in same spot, then slowly lifted off the ground, then gone in a blink. Got up at 5 am to go to the restroom.  I looked out the bathroom window and noticed 1 very bright white round light in the distance.  I went back to get into bed, but first looked out the bedroom window where I had seen the light.  The light was gone.  I waited and looked for about 10 seconds, and the very bright light reappeared in the same place.  I watched it for about a couple of minutes as it glowed slightly changing brightness.  I then watched it start to go straight up in the air slowly from the ground.  Then it was gone in a blink.;36.3104208333333;-95.5994375000001
