3 objects that look like stars, except stars don't have red and blue flashing lights.  2 of them dissapeared after a few minutes but th;2003-09-24 11:32:00;30 min;3 objects that look like stars, except stars don't have red and blue flashing lights.  2 of them dissapeared after a few minutes but the last one stayed in the sky for a good 30 minutes.  I also noticed 4 airplanes that seemed to be flying around the object. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the objects may have been twinkling stars, although that is a guess.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) Dear ((name deleted)), Thank you very much for the report.  Could the objects have been twinkling stars, do you think?   Twinkling stars are very colorful, ((that look)) like a diamond ring, caught in a bright beam of light. Thank you for sharing the information with our Center! Cordially, Peter Davenport ((RESPONSE)) Mr. Davenport: After further observation I believe that the objects are indeed twinkling stars.  Due to light pollution in my area some of the objects I originally noticed are no longer visible, however the brightest one is visible nearly every night.  It is always located at 51 degrees north of my house, and does not move except for the rotation of the Earth.  I also took a look at my ufo through a telescope using a 5mm  objective lense, and I concluded that the object is most definately a twinkling star.  Thank you for your help in this matter.  If you have any more information on twinkling stars you would like to share, please  send me an e-mail or a hyper-link. Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) ((END)) Peter Davenport wrote:;38.4376;-82.5547
The flashing white light was high in the sky flying hundreds of times faster than any other object in sky.;2005-04-15 19:00:00;5 minutes;The flashing white light was high in the sky flying hundreds of times faster than any other object in sky. I and my father were standing on our front deck looking at the night sky when a bright light flashing in a repeated sequence. It was moving so fast we had to keep our eyes on it the entire time as to not loose it in the emense blackness. It sped across the entire sky and disapeared over the hills. There were many planes flying in many diffrent directions but the object was moving hundreds of times faster than the planes. Also the planes had many diffent colored lights flashing but this object had only one white flashing light and was moing to fast to believe. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));38.4376;-82.5547
Red and white hovering light over South Point, Ohio.;2011-08-03 01:00:00;40+ minutes;Red and white hovering light over South Point, Ohio. I had come outside to smoke a cigarette around 12:55.  I sat outside for about 10-15 minutes. I saw this bright light come into my vision. It was as if a street light fell out of the sky at a 45 degree angle. It appeared quickly, and disappeared about 2 seconds later. I immediately got goose bumps! I decided to stay outside for a bit longer, looking around to see if I could see anything suspicious in the sky. There is a radio tower on top of a hill about 3 or 4 miles away from my home, and it has a light on top of it. I saw this flashing light beside it.. Just hovering there along side it. It was flashing colors of red, blue and white. Mostly white though. When the object would flash a different color, the light on the radio tower seemed to dim in and out. It was very strange. I watched it flash and hover for a long time. It started to slowly creep above the tower and over it. I ran inside and got my brothers as witnesses. As we were outside, we all saw anoth! er flash of light where I saw the street light fall earlier, except this time the light was a little bit smaller. I then proceed to call the UFO Hotline and explain what I had witnessed myself. We all sat outside and watched the object by the radio tower for about 30 minutes and decided to go inside. I can look outside my window now and still see the object hovering. It is creeping up toward the sky very very slowly, flashing mostly white and red now.. It is fascinating. I saw it around 1:10 maybe 1:20 AM, and i can still see it now at 2:19 AM.  Thank you for reading.;38.4376;-82.5547
