2 extremly bright orange diamond shaped craft move slowly down Snohomish valley.;2013-07-17 21:00:00;40-60 minutes;2 extremly bright orange diamond shaped craft move slowly down Snohomish valley. My friend and I (both of us are over 50 years old) were on the back deck about 9:00p.m. still daylight here, when looking North I saw what looked like a flare or small firework, that just showed up in the sky. I pointed it out to my friend. We were both amazed. The light was like 5 blocks away and grew in size with time till it was about the size of a single engine plane. It was bright orange, as bright as a wielders arch.  At the brightest point or top of the craft was a diamond shape. It had a tail that pointed downward. The whole thing looked almost as one but did have a shape in the top. All was very bright orange. It moved very slowly and made no sound what so ever. It flew at about tree top level, very close. It was slow enough I ran in to get the family. My daughter and her friend (both in mid-twenties) came out to watch. Four witnesses total.  It was not over the house by the time they came out, so the event was very slow.  We watched it go over the h! ouse and down the Snohomish valley and went out of sight as it made its way South towards Mt. Rainer. That whole event lasted about 30 minutes. We went into the house and were discussing what it might have been and wishing we had a camera. We were in the house for about 3 to 5 minutes and went out again to check the food, when my friend looked up to the North and said look and a second one of exact size, shape, color and speed, silently went on the same exact trajectory. It flew over the house and down the valley, until it went out of site in the far South towards Mt. Rainer again. These must have been under intelligent control as both were carbon copies in every way as the trajectory and behavior of both was exactly the same. It was not floating on the wind, as the wind was out of the east as it is most of the time in this area. I do not think we spoke for about 2 hours as we watched the sky stunned in amazement, but that was all there were.  I have seen strange things in t! he sky before but rationalized them away, as I am not a major believer in ufos. I would never have thought to report such a thing. However this was a major event and I felt responsible to report it.  I will be watching the sky a bit more closely from now on.;47.8860833333334;-122.074432142857
