I saw it when I was watching the sunrise. It moved very quickly across the sky. it moved back and forth and up and down several times e;1998-02-12 18:20:00;20 minutes;I saw it when I was watching the sunrise. It moved very quickly across the sky. it moved back and forth and up and down several times every 3 seconds. It changed color a few times. It then went behind the far mountains and reappeared from behind them again a few seconds later before it suddenly shot away and out of sight. There was no way this could have been an airplane, no plane can move that quickly or in such a manner. I watched the sunrise for several minutes before I noticed a strange oval shaped object move across the clouds. At first I thought it was an airplane so I paid it no mind. then as I watched it suddenly began to move quite erratically, it shot up and then down and went all the way across the horizon and back to the other side in a matter of seconds. It continuously did this for an estimated time of 20 minutes. When it first started doing this I realized that this could not possibly be an airplane of any sort. There was no way any airplane could move that quickly unless it was travelling very near the sound barrier, it was moving so fast across the skyline. It was at that moment that I began to feel rather nervous and a bit afraid. The craft never came towards me, but just the sight of it frightened me, and very few things frighten me or even make me nervous. I am a very calm, rational person, however this craft had that effect on me for some reason. I continued to watch it and it appeared to change color several times. I do not believe that the color change was due to the reflected light from the sunrise however, because it changed to dark green and red and then to pure white and finally to black, all colors that did not appear anywhere in the sunrise. I am also a rather observant person and I took out my binoculars to try to see if there was any way that this could be a plane, just to put out of my mind the last few doubts I had or to prove that the doubts were for good reason. I looked at it and I saw only the perfectly smooth oval craft still, with some sunlight reflecting off of it's now dark green surface. when I took the binoculars away from my face I watched as the craft dissapeared behind the far mountains. This craft must have been quite large to be so far away and still be quite visible. My neighbor also witnessed this event, however my neighbor and I rarely speak to eachother due to a personal dissagreement. As far as I am aware my neighbor was the only other witness. Also the craft emitted a! strange sonic pulsing sound that I could hear as could my dog and several of my neighbors dogs as well as all the other animals around my area and as far as I could hear. I do not believe that my neighbor heard this sound. I have a strange ability to hear ultra high pitched sounds such as a dog whistle, that many people cannot hear. I do not believe that my neighbor heard the sound emitted by the craft, even though the animals could. Even the wild coyotes seemed to react to it. After about 20 minutes the craft shot away out of sight. It must have broken the sound barrier at this point.;47.8860833333334;-122.074432142857
Intense white oval, stationary at first, became orange blue haloed, then flashing across horizon, stopped again, flashed and vanished.;1998-04-22 21:20:00;30-40 seconds;Intense, white, oval, stationary at first, became orange blue haloed, then flashing across horizon, stopped again, flashed and vanished. A large, brilliantly white, stationary object, below the cloud cover.  Intense brilliant whiteness, with a glowing orange/blue halo around it.   Stayed in the sky without moving, then suddenly streaked from the north west horizon to the southwest, with a tail of mixed color light behind it.   Stopped, became stationary again, starting out intensely white, then growing the halo of color around it, for a few seconds, then flashed and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness, and her son, and we consider them both to be excellent witnesses.  PD));47.8860833333334;-122.074432142857
