Dome-shaped saucer took 1hr and 30 mins to move across the sky.;2013-08-24 03:35:00;90 minutes;Domed shaped saucer took 1hr and 30 mins to move across the sky. I walked out on my back porch to smoke a cigarette and noticed a bright light threw the only tree in my yard toward the east.  I didnt think too much of it just figured it was the moon or a plane.  I finished smoking and turned to walk back in but it caught my eye again only this time it was a little higher threw the tree.  I really didnt want to be too curious knowin i had to get up at 600 to go to work but I had to see what it was because i knew a plane should have already been past it was just moving too slow.  I walked to the end of my porch and could see it threw the very end of the branches it appeared to be movin but i just told my self it was probably a breeze moving the leafs.  I focused on several different leafs and none of them were moving.  I went out to my shed and proped myself agianst it and lined the object up with the corner of the building and saw then it was moving without a dout.So i went in grabbed my long range rifle with a very high quality scope and bipod because it looked like a very bright star it was just too big.to be a star.  When i set the rifle up and zoomed in as far as i could.  When i looked at it threw the scope i could see it wasnt a star a all. I could see a clear shape of the object and what really stood out was 3 short black lines about 1/4 the way up on the craft from the bottom.  It was saucer shaped up to these lines and domed shape above them.  The color would be light i guess i have never seen anything like it in my life the whole object was bright white like it was being illuminated from the inside.  That's the only way i know how to describe it.  I cant explain how the three black lines were stood out so much on something that bright.  I guess the eye relief on the scope really helped.  I could see the  object was moving almost like a car would if u popped the clutch.  Then it would stabilize and not move any then do the same thing looked very deliberate but not like u would think anything functioning correctly would. It would move west every time.  And through the scope it sometimes would fall out of the recital like a stalled plane would do. I went and woke my wife she watched it awhile then became concerned and wouldn't come back out. It was very very high. I watched it for about a hour moving sporadically but still maintaining its westerly course. Then it stopped and im not sure if it turned or what but it looked like a cube just kind of all of a sudden. It stayed like this for probably ten min and never move inch. I was beginning to wonder what was going on i thought i was loosing it but a very light purple cloud formed under the cube i guess it had to be exhaust. I guess it rotated or something but i could see the original shape once more only the upper part of the craft was very light purple color. It kept movin westward very verly slow then just vanished. there wasnt a cloud in the sky and i never saw it agian. I dont understand what all i saw but the movements were too deliberate to be natural. The light it was putting off was ve! ry very bright i cant understand how the whole object was that bright. To the naked eye it looked like a huge very bright star but that scope told me a different story and i wish i could comprehend what i saw. Thats the best i know how to explain it never seen anything similar in my life. It is what it is.  What that is. Heck if I know.;36.4935;-86.5964
