Wabash River sighting.;1971-06-01 22:00:00;20 to 30 minutes;Wabash River sighting. Parents witnessed large moon looking bright orb with several other people including law enforcement officers.  They observed the object hovering over the Wabash river.  They were later contacted by a professor from northwestern university.  He asked my mother to draw what she had seen when the professor arrived he asked for the drawing and proceeded to produce photos that matched the drawings exactly.  told parents mothership loading.;39.7996;-87.3596
We saw a large glowing sphere that looked like the moon, but was obviously not since it was very close to us and could manuver.;1973-10-01 01:00:00;15 minutes;We saw a large glowing sphere that looked like the moon, but was obviously not since it was very close to us and could manuver. While laying awake one night listening to the police scanner, I heard a report stating that a lady in our town had just spotted a UFO.  I got in the car and headed to the south end of town where I saw what at first appeared to be the moon.  I realized that what I was seeing was not the moon, but a large glowing off-white sphere that was hovering at tree top level.   It was moving east to west until it came to the Wabash river, then it started following the river north towards the bridge.  I wanted to see what happened when it reached the bridge, so I sped up.  I had been pacing the object at about 10-15 mph.   When I got to the bridge the object was no longer over the river.  It was moving rapidly to the south west to the town of Hillsdale.   As it approached Hillsdale, which sits low in a little valley, the object made precise turns to manuver through the valley and was soon out of site.  After trying to chase the object, I returned to town where I spoke with the town marshall and a county deputy sherriff.  Both had seen the object.   The deputy stated that he had initially seen the object a few miles east of Montezuma and thought the moon looked large and close that night.  He paid no more attention until the radio report came in a  couple minutes later.   At that point he looked out the window and did not see the moon.  He realized then, that it was not the moon he saw, but something else.   We all agreed that what we saw had navigational abilities.   The lady who made the initial call had just left the tavern and was somewhat inebriated at the time.  Needless to say, she was very hysterical for a while. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));39.7996;-87.3596
