Saw 6 different Orange colored objects move across the sky then when overhead got smaller and smaller untill they disapeared.;2012-07-04 22:30:00;30 minutes;Saw 6 different Orange colored objects move across the sky then when overhead got smaller and smaller untill they disapeared. While me age 54 my Son age 25, his girlfriend, my daughter age 32, and my 2 grand children ages 7 and 10  were enjoying the fireworks at lake Mayfield on Wed Night 07/04/2012 at about 10:30 pm.  We observed the first 2 ( a pair) of 6 orange colored objects that came from the west going towords the east.  We first saw them when they were just above the horizon coming almost directly over head.  It took only a  minute or two for them to get directly over head . Then when they got just past our directly over head position they began to get smaller and smaller , while getting dimer and dimer until they went completely out of sight or disappeared.  It looked as if  they could be going possible straight up. This part only took maybe 10 seconds or so. Then maybe 5 minutes after the first 2 objects disappeared  we observed the first of 4 more orange colored objects coming from the same area in the sky as the other 2 had just came from, the next four would come as singles a few minutes apart, they all  took the same path and disappeared in the  same manner as the first two had. This happened 3 more times within the next few minutes.  We saw a total of 6.  The objects appeared to be a little larger and a lot brighter than a star, circular in shape and kind of fuzzy around the edges.  I’ve never saw anything like this before,i have no idea what these objects were. 5 or 10 minutes after we saw these objects we saw a passenger jet flying by at probably 35 thousand feet . It was a perfectly clear night, lots of stars were out but don’t remember if there was a moon. I work for the Department of Transportation in maintence, have a private pilots licence, love to golf , and hunt   My son works in the Timber industry   My daughter is self employed   We have all lived around the area all our lives;46.5103;-122.4716
