silent Large slow moving rectangle shape close to ground . waterford wisconsin 1998;1998-12-15 00:00:00;5 min;silent Large slow moving rectangle shape close to ground . waterford wisconsin 1998 I was driving home down hwy 20, heading towards east troy, about 2 miles outside of waterford. As I was driving I noticed a very large object in the sky that was very low, and moving very slowly.  It was so low and moving so slow, that the physics of it just did not make any sense to me.  Hwy 20 does not have much traffic (no cars passed the whole time) so I slowed down and rolled down my window in my car.  As it came directly overhead I still could not hear any sound, so I pulled over to the side of the road and shut my engine off.  I first just gazed up still sitting in the car with my head out the window.  I then got out and just stood there next to my car.  I kept my eyes up the whole time.  What I remember seeing was a huge rectangle, it was about the size of a football field.  I do remember lights, but not like you would see on a airplane.  The main thing that I was focused on was the size, and how low it seemed to be.  It was a gray color. It was very close to the ground and why it made no sense to me was I could not hear a sound , and by the huge size and how close it was I should hear something I thought.  It moved so slowly that it seemed as though it should be miles up, but it was so huge that it must have been close.  I vividly remember the large outline of its shape graying out the sky above.  Nothing made sense about the whole thing.   I did get chills and got back into my car and drove home very scared.  I did tell a few close friends about it, never pushing the idea.   I was watching the discovery channel, and saw the episode about the Illinois sighting.  Having not remembered seeing any of that in the news back in 2000 when it happened.  It sent chills down my back seeing the testimony of the police officers.  I have not thought much about what I saw for several years now.  Having started a family since.  I do believe I also saw something that made no sense back in I believe it was winter 1998. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.7593999999999;-88.1967999999999
