We have 5 minutes of video we took of a three dimentional white light that would morph into a six sided web shape;2008-12-30 21:00:00;40 minutes;We have 5 minutes of video we took of a three dimentional white light that would morph into a six sided web shape We are educated,self employed, middle aged, non drug or alcohol users with no known mental illnesses. We live in the mountains of Western North Carolina, out in the woods. There is no light pollution, so when the nights are clear the stars are all there for the naked eye to see. We went to take the dogs out around 9pm. There was a very bright light due south hanging behind  the ridge line. It was very, very bright white  and pulsating. Moving  horizontal and vertical, sometimes on the diagonal. An aura of changing colors,blues, reds, greens around the center of the light. It cast light on the ridge.  Not an aircraft........No sign of a beam coming from the ground anywhere....It was casting light................ We grabbed the video camera and got about 5 minutes of footage.  It looks like it is something 3 dimensional and spinning on an edge.  There is a dark side to it.  As we watched the light it started moving back away from us and then back towards us.   Then all of the sudden it started to throw what looked like a large six sided spider web light formation.  It appear suddenly like an explosion.  At first the webs of light appeared to propel the light away.  One web had vertical lines of faint color.  Another had diagonal lines of another color   A third had horizontal lines.  We have these on the video.  Then the light began to move away from us.  So far away that our camera could no longer pick it up but  we could see it with out naked eyes.  As we watched this for a few minutes, moving back and forth across the sky,  then hanging out in the eas, two more appeared with the first one.  There were aircraft in the area at this time.  We think the planes  were in front of the lights because the lights looked to be very far away now.  Watching the video later we saw that the light explode into the six sided shape and then back into a light.  We also discovered that we ha accidentally left the camera on and picked up more of the web shapes while we were looking at the 3 far off in the distance.  We called the local police  and TV stations to ask if  any other reports of strange lights had come in. The TV station said that in the last couple of months there were other reports in the area, but none like this.;35.5986;-82.2902
While at a festival at Eden Lake I noticed a bright orange steady light in the sky that was small and it hoovered in place for nearly 3;2019-10-18 22:00:00;Under 1 minutes;While at a festival at Eden Lake I noticed a bright orange steady light in the sky that was small and it hoovered in place for nearly 35 seconds before slowly moving then it vanished completely.;35.5986;-82.2902
