An adult female, camping in the Utah wilderness, reports she and a companion saw a bright light project a beam downward mighttime, 10-;2000-06-27 22:00:00;10 seconds;An adult female, camping in the Utah wilderness, reports she and a companion saw a bright light project a beam downward mighttime, 10- Principal reporting witness is an unmarried, self-employed artist residing in Moab, Utah (pop.5000). She was previously employed as a Colorado River guide in which occupation she conducted group trips on the Colorado.  Witness is a college graduate, with a BA in fine arts. On the night of June 27, 2000, witness was enjying a recreational 10-day river trip with 3 other adults (dob 1951, 1958, & 1984).  The four were camped on the bank of the Colorado River in a wilderness site known as Cataract canyon in Canyonlands National Park, UT. At approximately 10 PM (MDT) Witnesses were seated outside their tent, contemplating the evening.  Witness states none of the four had consumed any alcohol or other intoxicant that evening.  Witness states she cannot recall what oother two were doing .  THey may have been inside their tent or possibly reading using a flashlight.  In any case, they were not looking at the night sky and did not witness the event which unfloded. Abruptly, witness states, both she and other witness observed an extremely bright light at elevation 45 degrees to the north.  Witness variously described the apparent size as that of a quarter at arm's length and one-half the size of the full moon.  It was as bright as the full moon and did not vary in intensity of light, witness states.  On that evening, witness recalls no coulds, no wind, stars visible, and no moon. Investigator consulted an ephemeris and confirms that on the date and time in question, the moon was not visible. Witness states the bright object was white in color, surrounded by a white halo edged in blue.  As both witnesses watched, the object extended a white beam downward (left angled) to the canyon wall.  The white beam was edged in defused blueas was teh object.  Witness states she saw the beam's leading edge move downward and then retract, whereupon the object diasppeared.  Duration 10 seconds. One possible explanation for the subject light is a helicopter-mounted searchlight.  Telephone calls to the area-wide helicppter facilities revealed no helicopters airborne within 24 hours of the event.  Calls to two local sheriff's offices (responsible for search & rescue) and the two local airports revealed no helicpoter activity. ((NUFORC Note:  Our gratitude to Ron Regehr and Elaine Douglas, co-State Directors for MUFON/Utah, for submitting the report.  They can be reached at <regehr@lasal.net>.  PD));38.5677;-109.5271
