We were on vacation in Arches National Park, watching a satellite and shooting stars on an exceptionally dark, clear night.  Then, in t;1998-06-25 10:15:00;one hour;We were on vacation in Arches National Park, watching a satellite and shooting stars on an exceptionally dark, clear night.  Then, in the southern hemisphere, near the satellite path, we saw a very fast moving light, moving about 30 times faster than the satellite, although we could not judge the actual distance of the light from us.  The light was far away.  It would zig, and zag, then stop and hover, then zig and zag again at diagonal, horizontal and vertical angles at extremely fast speeds. It almost appeared to jump from place to place, it was so fast. Our elevation was over 4,000 feet and there were no lights nearby.  If it had not been such a clear and dark night, I doubt that we would have seen it.  We saw the light for about an hour until we left and went to sleep. Neither of us had ever seen a UFO before. I have good eyesight-better than 20/20 vision.  Sorry I didn't have a video camera. I realize that this doesn't provide much info-it was a sighting from far away.  However, if other people saw this at the same time and place, perhaps it will help. Please don't contact me unless you need more help or information. Please don't release my name.;38.5677;-109.5271
Strange hovering, flickering red and white light over Moab Utah.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD));2011-02-09 21:30:00;1 hour;Strange hovering, flickering red and white light over Moab Utah Observed a strange light in the sky last night over the La Sal mountains near Moab Utah.  The occurence happened between 9:30pm and 11:00pm.   The light was red and white.  It hovered in the same area for over an hour.  It appeared to be clumbsy and the flickering red/white light kind of bounced around in gernerally the same 1 mile radius.   I am sure that it was not a helicoptor or airplane because it remained in one gerneral area.  I only noticed this object because it seemed to be hovering and swirling around in the same spot.   I can't say for sure if it was a UFO but it was certainly strange and I have never seen anything like before. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD));38.5677;-109.5271
I saw two reddish-orange soft colored lights traveling horizontally perfectly in line together at a low altitude with no sound.;2014-03-24 02:00:00;15 seconds;I saw two reddish-orange soft colored lights traveling horizontally perfectly in line together at a low altitude with no sound. At about 1:45 or 2:00 am, I was outside in my back yard.  I was sitting in a chair, looking up at the sky on a clear night.  I looked down and when I looked up again, I immediately saw two amber or reddish-orange, soft-colored (not extremely bright) round-shaped lights nearly directly over my head.   They were traveling from the east, rounding towards the north, slightly northwest.  As they rounded towards the north, I stood up because the corner of my house blocked my view.  I walked to the corner of my house to continue watching the lights until they faded out of sight. The lights were consistent – no blinking or changes in the size, color or brightness of the lights.  They were low in the sky.  As a comparison, it was about the distance of a low-flying helicopter and the size of each light was roughly one-fourth the size of a low-flying helicopter being viewed from the ground.   They passed almost directly over my head, where I could very clearly view the two lights – one traveling at the exact same speed and direction, close behind the other.  From my view, there was no change in the distance between the two lights.  They traveled very smoothly in a horizontal direction, directly in line with each other.   There was no sound, and it was an extremely quiet night, so if there had been any sound, it would have been easy to hear it.   I watched them as they traveled towards the northwest and faded out of my sight.  As they traveled to the northwest, I was watching them from behind the second light, but could still see the light that was pointed in the direction they were traveling – until they got too far for me to see them.   All of this took place in about 15 seconds (maximum of 30 seconds) – from the moment I first saw the lights overhead to the point that they faded from my sight.;38.5677;-109.5271
