Very bright stationary object approx. 30 deg.off horizon.  Emitted triangular yellow greenlight, modulating from flood to spot beam.  T;1997-01-16 18:00:00;3 min.;Summary : Very bright stationary object approx. 30 deg.off horizon.  Emitted triangular yellow greenlight, modulating from flood to spot beam.  Then UFOappeared to dissolve into a cloud of its own light. While visiting Arches Nat'l Park shortly after sunset,still watching the western horizon, we saw an inexplicable lightappear from nowhere.  The Light approached then began to modulate into a beamalong the ground, and then into a wider flood and then back into the spot.There was no noise nor was there any apparent vessel.  Aftermodulating a couple times the light simplydiffused into a nebulous cloud of light.  Theair was cold and dry that day and there hadnot been any clouds in the sky previous tothis sighting.;38.5677;-109.5271
A spherical object with an annulus surrounding appeared in a photo that was taken of rock formations in Utah.;2007-08-08 17:05:00;Momentary;A spherical object with an annulus surrounding appeared in a photo that was taken of rock formations in Utah. I am a Service Engineer for the Boeing company, and I just returned home from a month long vacation through the Southwest of the USA. As I was reviewing photos of our travels, I noted two photos that I felt should be reported.  While driving away from Arches National Park near Moab, Utah, on 08-Aug-2007, at approximately 5:05 PM, I was taking photos of some red-rock formations ahead. The day was clear with no clouds, and I thought the views were quite striking against the clear blue sky.  However, after inspection of the photos, I noted an object that I did not remember seeing as I took the photos, but it was quite clear after inspection of the photos.  The object was captured with a digital camera, and I was able to zoom in on the object. In both cases, the object consisted of a half sphere surrounded by an annulus. The geometry is quite distinct I was rather shocked to have captured two separate photos, each with apparently the same type of object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.5677;-109.5271
