Rotating triangle of lights south of Moab.;1994-03-03 23:00:00;one full minute;Rotating triangle of lights south of Moab. This may or may not intrest you in that it was not recent, but several years ago I saw something. I haven't told this story but to a select few... In the Fall of 1994 two friends and I were driving my car from Glenwood Springs, Colorado to Phoenix.  We got a late start, and did most of the driving well after dark. We passed through Moab, Utah and continued South. I had never been passed Moab, and was surprised when we started passing through some hills on a small two lane highway that was surrounded on both sides of the road by Lodgepole Pines. I recall this distinctly and paid close attention to the sign that read Welcome to the White National Forest. As I came over the crest of a large hill, I noticed in the high distant sky what appeared to be three yellowish-white lights that formed a triangle. I thought it was VERY strange, and woke my friend up whom was in the passenger seat. I didn't say anything, just poked him. We both sat speachless at a dead stop in the road, and watched as the three still lights started to rotate as if it were one. They rotated round and round for a few seconds and then all of the sudden the three lights shot off in the three oppisite directions that each of the points of the triangle were pointing towards. That was it... we sat in the middle of the dark desolate highway for a few moments trying to make sense of it. Our third friend asleep in the back never realized what went on while he slept in a car in the middle of the desert. A few years later I lost my breath when I watched the movie Fire In The Sky, and saw that the story took place in The White National Forest. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note #2:  Witness reports that date is 03MR94.  We have amended the date here.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM)) Dear Mr. ((deleted)), Thank you very much for the excellent report!  Yes, we are very interested in receiving such reports from the past.  Sometime, they are very useful in corroborating other events elsewhere in the country. Do you think you might be able to pin down, and confirm, the precise date?  For example, would you still have cancelled checks, fuel receipts, or charge card records for the trip that would allow you to confirm the dates of your trip?  That would be very helpful for us. Thanks again for sharing the information with our Center! Cordially, Peter Davenport ((END QUERY)) ((RESPONSE)) As a matter of fact I can pin it down.  It was 3-3-94.  Not the Fall as I recalled.  Sorry my timeline was eschewed but the details are engrained. I was able to look this up via a concert we attended while in Phoenix. I would have looked up the date earlier, but I wasn't planning on submitting this tonight! Thanks for letting me bend your ear! ((END RESPONSE));38.5677;-109.5271
