A black van asked me and the other witness if we wanted a ride. We then saw a large object lift off and explode into light;1993-07-07 23:00:00;20-30 minutes;A black van asked me and the other witness if we wanted a ride. We then saw a large object lift off and explode into light I am a life-long experiencer of ufo, sleep paralysis, psychic phenomenon. My most incredible sighting happened in 1993, while I was walking with my aunt. We were walking at night in her neighborhood, when a black van pulled up beside us. A man, who I could not clearly see, asked us if we wanted a ride. We quickly said no. As we walked on abit, and rounded a corner. We walked in front of her apartment complex, Greentree Apts. Now, across the street, there is a radio station, and a large field behind it where, often is used as a small fairground. My aunt and I were speaking about nothing in particular, when all off a sudden she said, what is that light over there? I looked out of the corner of my eye, at somethingt that seemed to be coming up from the field. I said, oh, that is a helicopter. But, she replied, it isn't making any noise. I quickly realised she was right, and we both suddenly stopped and watched as a dark object with very bright lights at both ends and an occasional lightening flash on top rose, silently, from the field behind the radio station. It went quickly, at a sixty degree angle or arc, until we could almost see under it. Then it exploded into a red flash, and was gone quicker than anything I had ever seen. We were aghast for several minutes.  Now, that is the most incredible thing I have ever seen in the night sky. Since then, I have had many more experiences, discovered spiritualism, and began writing and channeling an entity I call Zem. Recently, i had a sighting on a country road with a member of the psychic development group that I had in college, and, again, there was a BLACK VAN driving toward the object down the road (it seemed to have come out of nowhere), as we drove away from the object (which was a cery bright, flickering object). What I suppose I am most curious about is, actually, what the black van has to do with these objects, and has anyone ever reported it? If so, I would like to know about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.5408938496582;-85.6597451025047
