It started to blink and then disappeared.;2003-05-05 21:00:00;20 minutes;It started to blink and then disappeared. May 5, 2003 I was scanning the sky for any sign of a UFO when I noticed this star in the sky.  I had a pair of binoculars and I used them when observing this star.  I noticed that it was blinking or rotating.  There were red, blue, yellow, and orange.  After about 20 minutes the object then started to disappear and reappear for about a minute.  Then all of a sudden it disappeared for good.  I knew this was no jet because there were planes that flew over in the time period of this object.   I've been into UFO's for a while and lately I've been watching the skies for any sign of a UFO.;40.5408938496582;-85.6597451025047
Sets of repeating, grouped lights that reoccurred on two separate days, at approximately the same time in same area of sky.;2004-02-09 19:44:00;15 minutes;Sets of repeating, grouped lights that reoccurred on two separate days, at approximately the same time in same area of sky. First Sighting – 	Traveling west on the country road (Kim Road) out of Marion, IN heading toward Sweetser, IN.  Proceeded beyond the stop at Toby Pike heading west and looked up in the sky at the angles reported above.  The sighting appeared spontaneously - a bright glittering light to the right side of the road came on.  It was a type of blinking effervescence – bright white and blinking gold – a similar set of lights – looking to be about 2 inches apart from my location - come on just to the right of it, horizontally – shinning in the same pattern.  Then the second set of lights shut off – does dim quickly – and the original light dims in the same way and then disappear – total duration 5 seconds or so.  Somewhat disbelieving my eyes I scan the sky I see the exact same pattern occur to the left of the road this time and parallel to the first sighting – same pattern and same duration.  I slowed down and clearly saw other types of stars, clear sky, and bright planet, jet lights but all paled by light brightness and size comparisons.  I saw it again after a 10 second interval, the same set of lights appear a third time on the right side of the road again in what appeared to be in the same spot as the first sighting.  Not knowing what I was seeing I turned left and headed south toward State Rd 18 and looked at my watch that read 7:40 PM. That means that all had transpired in 5 to 10 minutes.  I turned west onto State Rd 18 traveling towards Sweetser – I picked up my cell phone to call my husband and was unable to complete the call due to severe static that was atypical to the usual connections in this area.   At this time of year the sky at this time would be dark and star filled and I had no more sighting that evening.  The sighting was unusual enough that I discussed it with my family and searched the web for similar experiences.  I did not report to local law enforcement at that time.  Two days later at approximately the same time, 7:44 PM my husband and I were in separate cars following each other heading west on State Rd 22 just west of State Rd 37 south of Marion, IN.  The same pattern of appearing and disappearing lights reoccurred three times, both of us saw the sightings from the different cars.  I tried to call my husband’s cell phone to see if he was seeing the same sight but my cell phone would not ring through even though the display showed it was ringing. He later stated that the his cell phone never rang.   We checked his phone later – it was on and in reception mode and showed no recent call from me.  Later both phones were working fine as we reached home.  The pattern of the lights this time occurred to the left of the road then moved to the right of the road and back to the left of the road at about the same height from the horizon and off the road to the same angle as the first sighing.  This appeared to almost be a reversal of the first sighting on Feb 9 that was right then left then right.  The only difference was that the lights did not appear to glitter as much as the first time.  Then as I turned of State Road 13 heading north toward Swayzee, IN my eye caught movement of a low flying plane over Swayzee and noticed, in the western sky, 90 degrees to my left, the pattern of lights appearing once again and the companion set of lights with all disappearing in the same way.  After getting home we checked the web for other sightings and noticed similar occurrences have been documented on –1/14/2003 by a person located in Peru, IN traveling West toward Kokomo which was the same direction we had been traveling each time.  Another report was 11/15/2000 – Kokomo at 8:00 PM.  A third report was found on 10/15/1998 – location Dublin, IN (south of).;40.5408938496582;-85.6597451025047
Red, orange and green flicker of lights over G.M. plant observed from directly south by Marion Airport.;2012-06-08 23:30:00;3 minutes;Red, orange and green flicker of lights over G.M. plant observed from directly south by Marion Airport. Between 11:30pm and 12am I walked out to the front porch to have a smoke and noticed a incredible bright lite directly north of my position over the General Motors plant that seemed to be level with a red lite from a cell phone tower on the north end of Marion IN.  From my view point it looked to be no more than 200ft from the ground and stayed at that position for about a minute and a half.  The lite was flickering... kinda what you would see from a candle but was much more intense, and the colors were a bright orange,red and a bluish green.   My lady and I often look at the nite sky and from where we live at out in the middle of a corn field we can really enjoy the open skies without anything nearby restricting our view.  So after about a minute of watching this I call to her to come outside and take a look.  It had seemed odd that it wasn't changing position at all, that and how very intensely bright they were.  It is not often that there is not a b! reeze in this area... the wind is a constant.  My first thoughts were that of one of those oriental sky lanterns but like I said the lights were much to bright to be a flame from one of those and if it were that or of a balloon I believe it would have a steady climb rather than just staying in a fixed position.   Shortly after my lady came out to observe this with me the object began to rise, I'd say close to 400 to 500ft the lights quit.  It wasn't a dwindle or a slow fade, they ended immediately.  I say they and lights but all 3 colors were coming from one fixed spot.  I live very close to the Marion municipal airport and get to see planes coming in and out every day but there really isn't very much traffic at nite. The Marion hospital has a green and white chopper that is often seen coming from the far north east traveling towards a slight west by south west towards Kokomo and its engines are quite recognizable.  What I was seeing could not be heard from my location.  If it were! a plane coming in or out I believe it was insanely low and it! seemed to be only 3 to 4 miles north of us... if it were a plane at that distance we would be able to see the wing and tail strobes.  The lights didn't blink or strobe, they were a constant, but had shifted from one color to the next in no pattern that could be identified.  As far as I know, flares fired from the ground rise and fall.  Flares from a aircraft fall. Never seen a flare stay in one spot for over a minute and then rise.  Very odd indeed... odd enough that here I am writing this!;40.5408938496582;-85.6597451025047
