Multiple craft forward red-orange light, slowly flying low east-southeast across Union MI, disappeared as they passed over. silent.;2012-08-11 22:01:00;20 minutes?;multiple craft forward red-orange light, slowly flying low east-southeast across Union MI, disappeared as they passed over. silent. On august Saturday August 11th about 10:01 pm my wife and I were traveling from a local pizza place to our home in Union MI. My wife 45year olf, and myself 51 year old have lived in Union MI with our children for 20+ years. as we traveled west on US 12 my wife said look at those, what are those airplanes. I looked to the west, north west in the sky just above the trees and saw a formation of what appeared to be 4 small aircraft with steady orange reddish lights moving in a sort of diamond formation just a couple of hundred feet I would estimate above he ground. The craft were traveling east-south east across the sky, and crossed US 12 near Trout road. I pulled off onto Baldwin Prairie Rd. and watched as the lead craft seemed to fade away as it passed over.  Then one by one the craft would appear to separate and disappear. We turned around and proceeded north on Baldwin prairie rd to get away from trees and get a better look at the west sky. We went about ½ mile and turned back around south again when she said she saw another one, we went back to Baldwin Prairie Rd. and US 12 and pulled over and I got out and got my cell phone and attempted to record one of the craft that she saw then coming again east-southeast across US 12 about at vera drive, above the John Deere dealer.  Th! e recording is not very good as the cell phone makes it appear as if the craft are very far away when in reality I would say they appeared to be maybe 500 feet away at most. We then proceeded west on US 12 to where we could get a better look at the west-northwest sky and saw another coming above the trees, I recorded it as best as I could. The craft appeared to only have one red-orange or yellow-orange flame like, incandescent appearing light facing forward as when the craft passed nearly directly over us it would fade then gradually you could not see it any more as if the body of the craft was blocking the light facing forward. Although there was really no visible portion of the craft to really tell how large it was just primarily the light. The other peculiar thing we realized is that they seemed to be totally silent. Although at 200 to 500 feet above us an ultra light would be quiet, when there were periods of no vehicle traffic we should have been able to hear some sort of engine noise. They were to the best of my ability silent, and probably moving about 25 to maybe 35 mph. I gave the camera to my wife who had turned off my vehicle, and got a spot light out of my vehicle. The light is a streamlight lightbox, LED spot light, used by firefighters, relatively bright. As another light began to move into view. She did her best to video this last craft and as it passed over us I decided to try and hit it with the light to see if I could get a glimpse of any portion of the craft itself. This was unsuccessful as the beam just seemed to fall short of anything related to the craft. I did blink the light several times to see if there would be any change in behavior and there was none. The only difference is after the light from the craft disappeared as all the others did it seemed like you could get a very faint reflection of light from the spot light. I don't know it may have just been the desire to see something straining against the dark as the craft disappeared, and trying to make some sense of the situation. We figure we saw 12 in all flying basically all the same direction east-southeast. I checked the weather as soon as we arrived home 10:16 pm and found the temp 63 deg. F., Humidity 83%, visibility 10miles. Wind WNW at 8mph. I have put the approximate path on the linked below Google Map. Links to the videos are here, the quality is from a cellphone so I hope you don't expect to much.  http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF&msa=0&msid=217523935539399827446.0004c7090a1cbc0cfaaa5  http://youtu.be/QPZXOURAiYA  http://youtu.be/9nGB8ExGIo0  http://youtu.be/eFOqLTjCZnM  http://youtu.be/ZbiLVOMpHHM  After trying to figure out what it might be we concluded it could possibly be some sort of remote drone type of craft?  They did not appear to be hot air balloons as there was no sign of the balloon from what might have appeared to be the flame producing the light, and as I stated as they moved overhead and began to then move away instead of towards they would disappear as the light appeared to only be in the front facing. They looked a little like a tear drop shape lithe or a cone shape toward the craft as the passed directly overhead.  With all the talk of military surveillance testing and drones, etc... makes me wonder. I called and reported it immediately to our dispatch center and asked that they call me tomorrow and let me know if anyone else reported seeing the craft.;41.7878;-85.8573
