i saw something one rainy night, and i'll never forget it as long as i live.;1990-10-10 20:00:00;1/2 hr.;i saw something one rainy night, and i'll never forget it as long as i live. This is real, there is no other logical answers to this incident. i have told few people, as i'm afraid they'll think i'm crazy. it all started on a rainy, Saturday,fall evening in 1990. The exact date I cannot recall as it's been about 11 yrs. I was pregnant with my daughter, i must have been approximately 4-5 months, as I was not showing much. My husband worked a Saturday at a plant close to Regina, sk. where we lived at the time. He did not come home straight after work, and being a Saturday night, I decided to go looking for him, so i could also have a night out. So because we lived on the west end of Regina, I decided to use the backroads to Pense. I was not very familiar with these roads. There was pavement for a few miles, but after a while it turned to gravel. So once i hit the gravel, it was very difficult to drive due to the heavy raining. still travelling west, i knew i'd have to make a left turn in order to get to Pense, but was not sure which road was the turn-off. So, i took a guess, and saw lights, which appeared to be a small town(it was). So i made a left. When i was turning, I saw no lights, directly in front of me, but once i completed the turn i looked down for a second looked up and there appeared to be a vehicle in front of me. I thought at the time how weird this seemed, but i thought that perhaps someone was pulled over and started their vehicle right then. So i slowed down and followed what i thought to be a vehicle of some sort. i thought the lights at the time seemed unusual, but i kept making excuses, like maybe they looked weird because it was so dark? at first they kind of looked like a vehicles lights? maybe. it was so long ago. but after awhile there seemed to be wiggling lights in between two red lights. i thought what the heck would make wiggling lights like that? i thought ok, it must be a car or something, maybe pulling a trailer, and that would maybe explain the wiggling ? I was a little afraid, but calmed myself down be thinking i was imagining things. So i was! getting closer and closer to pense, this thing was in front of me, i looked down for a brief second and up again, and whatever it was completely dissapeared. Far fetched hey? i thought there had to be a logical explanation for this. There was no right hand turns for this vehicle to go down, it was not ahead of me as i would have seen it, as highway #1 was ahead a few miles and the road was a little illuminated by lights, so i would have seen it, and the left hand turn into Pense would be the only place that this vehicle could have turned onto, but there was not enough time for this object to make a left-hand turn into town. But i decided to go down this only road and drive fast and look to see if there were any vehicles that may have just turned, but there was nothing for vehicles around, and the adjoining streets also had nothing for vehicles. and that is my story. I still wonder about that night. there are absolutely no explanations. this is the gospel truth, i swear! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));50.4185;-104.9902
