2 objects traveling parallel. SE to NW. No sound. Subdued lighting.;2000-03-24 20:27:00;5-8 seconds;2 objects traveling parallel. SE to NW. No sound. Subdued lighting. I was sitting in my car in the parking lot of my job. The night was clear and I had binoculars in my car, so I was observing the Sirius star, the Orion constellation and the Pleiades. While focused on the belt of Orion a sudden blur moved across my field of vision. I quickly turned with the object and was able to discern two objects. The object which would be closest to me was the larger of the two. On this I made out to be several light sources, reddish in appearance. Simultaneously I could see the other object was smaller with what appeared to be only two light sources. No other lights, or colors were visible that I could see. What was immediately apparent was that these were at a rather low flight level and they did not emit any distinguishable sound. They were traveling at what I would state to be a speed greater then that of a commercial aircraft. I state this because my locale is home to three(3)major airports, 2(two) of them are international. JFK and NEWARK. LAGUARDIA is nearby, as are several smaller commercially used airports. So aircraft are a very common sight. You get used to seeing so many overhead. These two were not at all common. They were traveling from a south east position to a north west position. The lights were quite subdued in intensity. I compare these lights to those of any commercial and/or private aircraft that I have observed. And the lights on these two objects were dim in comparison. And I must emphasize here, there was NO SOUND. Unfortunately I can not guess at the shape(s). As I followed them it became necessary to exit my car to continue viewing them. In the moments it took the leave my car I lost them. Let me state here, that from my position on the ground I had clear sky and a rather broad scope of sky to see. But I couldn't locate them at this point. I immediately marked the time. It was 8:27pm. Living on Long Island you get used to aircraft overhead. You even get familiar with being able to see aircraft at night from a great distance. You can distinguish a jet by its speed, its apparent altitude and from the lights blinking. And of course from the sound. On very clear nights I have seen satellites in orbit with no optical assistance. I have seen shooting stars. And I have seen the occasional flare from a meteorite.  These two objects were none of the above. They were to fast. To dimly lit. And low in the sky. I am a 43yr old man. Married for 13 yrs. Have 2 children and 3 step children. I have worked in the same building for 12 years doing computer processing for banks. My hobby is photography and my vegetable garden. Prior to tonight I cannot ever recall seeing anything which would compel me to make a report. I am very familiar with the UFO issues. They have been an interest of mine for over 20yrs. Yet I have not before seen anything to call a UFO. My only reason for doing so tonight is to assist in evaluation should other reports arise from the New York area which might be similiar. I wish I could offer more detail, however I at least can offer some tracing ability if you can use it. The only other detail I can offer is that there were other aircraft in the sky at the time. End.;40.8166;-73.4713
