5 seconds of wierdness on hwy 380, 3 miles west of Post, TX, in 1999.;1999-03-31 21:00:00;5 seconds;5 seconds of wierdness on hwy 380, 3 miles west of Post, TX, in 1999. I was working with a guy all day, he was driving, and we were headed back to the hotel, it was just after dusk.  We were about 3 miles west of Post, TX, driving eastbound on US HWY 380.  It had been a clear day, while I was smoking, I caught a glimpse of light due south of us, nearly all the way to the horizon.  I made a comment to the effect of wonder if we're gonna get wet?  I had time to say that and roll up the window of the 4spd manual Jeep Cherokee. Immediately this thing was right on top of us, it turned everything red, like we were driving inside a laser, I could feel weightlessness, specifically I recall feeling my penis lift up off of my testicles(sorry to be graphic).  Guy driving jumped out of his seat, over the center console, and into my lap.  He did so exactly like Scooby Doo jumps into Shaggy's arms.  Then it was all over.  Maybe 5 seconds from seeing the light on the horizon to everything being normal again, and the Jeep having righted itself, with my coworker behind the wheel.  I have no idea if time was lost or not.  if it was, it wasn't very much, because it was still around 9pm when we stopped at the gas station in town, a couple minutes later. The only other thing, is that I went in to the store, and mentioned what had just happened to us.  There was a lady in the store that said she lived about 3 miles west, and her son and daughter had the same thing happen to them going the other direction(leaving Post) after a light night school function.  To be honest, that made me feel a little better, but I have always regretted not forcing my coworker to come into the store and hear the woman's story, just to validate it for him, like it did me, but whatever.  By the way, my coworker was a 19 year old professional motorcycle racer, and I was a 21 year old paramedic. I don't know what to make of any of that, I just know it happened, and it was life-changing for me.  Everytime I think about it, I wonder why, if, whatever that technology was, does exist, why have we not figured out how to desalinate the oceans and make the deserts fertile, etc.  I lost a lot of respect for my government/world community. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.2047;-101.3844
