I saw a quick glimpse of two dark orange sandy colored saucers probably about 20 feet each in diameter.;2000-06-15 18:30:00;5 seconds;I saw a quick glimpse of two dark orange sandy colored saucers probably about 20 feet each in diameter. The two objects seemed like they were dodging each other but they were the exact same shape and color which was like a dark orange sandy looking saucer. I only saw them for about 5 seconds because i looked up when me and my mom were turning in a car and i couldn't see them any more because a lot of tree's were in the way. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));44.8668;-93.5383
Strange disc-shaped object flying over highway 41 near the Arboretum in Chanhassen, MN.;2017-07-29 21:20:00;5 minutes;Strange disc shaped object flying over highway 41 near the Arboretum in Chanhassen, MN. We were driving north on highway 41 between Lyman Avenue and 82nd Street in Chanhassen, MN, when we saw an object floating through the air over the road, going west to east.  Although the sun had set, there was still plenty of light to see and the sky was still bright.   The object was an oval shape with dark edges and a center the color of the sky.  It was about at a height that I would expect a kite or flock of ducks.   So, at first we thought it was a smoke ring or flock of birds or a giant balloon.  However, as we drove closer, and it continued to move over us to the east, it became clearer that it was a very distinct disk or saucer.  Since we were right under it, the oval shape we saw in the distance had changed into a circular disk form.  Again the edges were clearly visible as a dark outline against the sky and the middle was now similar to a reflection of the sky, but more muddled and it included a swirl of feint lights. My wife and I were stunned in the front seats and I slowed the car down as there were no other cars immediately behind us.  As we passed underneath and it continued to move east,  I accelerated and made a right turn on 82nd and into the immediate parking lot on the right side.  At that point, the object was no longer visible. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.8668;-93.5383
