Very bright light close to house;2003-05-30 01:14:00;30 seconds;Very bright light close to house An hour ago, my wife woke me up to take our oldest back to bed. She seemed quite awake and I assumed she was just getting into bed late for some reason. For some reason, something made a noise outside and my wife jumped. I asked her if she had checked all the doors before coming to bed and she had not, so I double-checked everything. When I was down in the basement (walk-out) I was checking the door to our backyard when I noticed the entire back yard was lit up. My mind ran through the various options and came up blank.  The light source (which I could not directly see from my location) was somewhere on the other side of the trees but must have been very close from how bright everything was - practically daylight, with shadows being cast from ABOVE the trees. I watched for about 15 seconds, then decided to get a better angle from upstairs, which overlooks the yard and our neighbors yard as well. By the time I went up 1 story (maybe 10 seconds to go up the stairs), the backyard was completely dark again.  I ran upstairs and asked my wife if she had seen the bright light. She said yes. We were both a bit puzzled by it, and a bit freaked out. She asked me to bring our oldest BACK to our bed (when does that ever happen?) and I opened the door next to ours with the little one. Somewhat jokingly, I told her I was going to use her computer to do a Yahoo search on Chanhassen UFOs - she said DO IT!, so here I am… ((NUFORC Note:  We have attempted to correspond with this witness, but the e-address he provides is defective, despite the fact that he identifies himself as a software engineer.  This report seems to be from a serious-minded source, but we are uncertain on that point, based on the error in the personal and contact data.  PD));44.8668;-93.5383
moving star moving in curvy random pattern in sky seen in the minneapolis area;2005-06-15 23:30:00;1 minute;moving star moving in curvy random pattern in sky seen in the minneapolis area I was standing on my porch at around 11:30 at night smoking a cigarette and watching the stars, and after i awhile i was staring at a group of stars near the saucer of the big dipper, and all of a sudden one star, which happened to be very bright, so it had caught my attention, started to move slowly and in a straight line. at first i thought it might have been a plane and my eyes were playing tricks on me, but then it stopped, and started to move around in a random curvy pattern.  i focused my eyes really hard thinking it might have just been a firefly that was realy high up, so as to look like a star, but i decided against it since there were no other fireflys out,  and it was moving rather slowly, and much to high up.  then, out of nowhere i heard a phone ring, and not a digital ring, but like the alarm bell rings, and it sounded like it was coming from in my bushes, which were close enough to pinpoint that that was where the sound was definatly coming from.  it rang twice and then stopped, and naturally i looked in the direction taking my eyes off the star, and when i looked back up it was gone.  i got pretty freaked out and ran inside my house and checked the caller id and voice mail on my phone and no missed calls ar messages showed up. the folowing nights i never saw a star in the same place again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.8668;-93.5383
I was driving home the evening of Saturday, December 14th, heading East along MN Highway 5, when I noticed above the tree line and slig;2019-12-14 20:00:00;5 seconds;I was driving home the evening of Saturday, December 14th, heading East along MN Highway 5, when I noticed above the tree line and slightly south of the road (which runs east to west) a pair of very bright orange lights hovering in mid-air. They were stationary and did not move for a few seconds, and all of a sudden they both moved downward at an incredible speed, with seemingly no acceleration.  As they descended, it seemed that they came together a bit, to form what would have been a V, with both of their original positions as the top forks of the V, and their trajectory heading downward toward a common point.  The left light started to descend first, followed after a split second by the right light. They seemed to move at the same speed, though it was so fast that I couldn't measure the speed.  Suddenly they were gone, and I watched, waiting for them to return, but saw nothing.;44.8668;-93.5383
