Driving down the highway and saw two objects both having white triangular lights beneath with a red pulsating light in the middle.;2013-12-31 17:50:00;5:00;Driving down the highway and saw two objects both having white triangular lights beneath with a red pulsating light in the middle. First let me say I consider myself to be an amateur Ufologist. I have done quite a bit of research, reading witness reports from a variety of people (ie: military personnel, government officials, citizens, etc.) and have watched many documentaries as well as UFO craft caught on tape. At around 5:50 PM on dec 31, 2013, I was drivng westward home from work and just got onto highway 212, and while I approached the eden prairie road exit near chanhassen I at first noticed only one light in the sky to my right, roughly 200-300 feet in the air.  Because of my UFO interest, I daily see objects in the sky and try to figure out what they are out of curiosity, always keeping an eye out for something which is possibly an ET craft.  I am very skeptical, usually concluding most objects are planes, helicopters, or some other known craft.  But this first object appeared as a single light to my right, staying in the same position in the sky, but as I got closer and approached it I noticed three white lights in a triangular pattern underneath. At first I was shocked, thinking its probably just a helicopter. Once I got even closer I saw another object with the same set of lights to my left, both appeared to be hovering close to the highway not moving, the one to the left of my was almost directly over the high way. I was travelling at about 50 MPH so I approached them relatively quickly. As I approached  even closer, within about 400 feet I saw both of them had a blinking red light in the middle of the three lights. They were within 500 feet of one another at about the same altitude. I started approaching both of them, but because the object to the right was not as directly over the high way I could not see as clear under it, but I did see same lights on both of them. I passed the first object to the ! right, it stayed in the same spot. I came closer to the second object to my left and once I was nearly directly under it I saw the shape of the lights more clear. Three white, stable lights in a triangular pattern with a red light in the middle, all of them were symmetrical and evenly distributed within a very close proximity of one another. In my estimate these objects were maybe 20 or 30 feet in diameter overall. The red light was more of a pulsating light, not a quick blink, but rather a more soft pulsation. The lights all looked like the same size. I could not see any outline of the objects as it was dark outside, there were absolutely no other lights as far as I could see. I was careful as I could be driving but kept my eye on these objects and got a very good look at the second one to my left. It did not move, no rotating, no altitude change. I kept driving and as I got away it stayed there. As I got off on powers blvd exit and took! a right heading north, I looked to my right and saw three bri! ght whit e balls of light travelling at a fast speed, moving up and down casually performing very odd and almost unearthly maneuvers. I put my eye on the road, passed a few trees to the right which blocked my view, and looked again and the objects had vanished. I have seen videos of supposed ET craft ascending out of earths atmosphere in clusters, and even taking off and incredibly highspeeds, essentially vanishing, and the way these three craft were elegantly travelling was identical to this.  I was not hallucinating, there were hundreds of cars travelling on this road as it was rush hour. I am certain there are others who saw these objects and possibly took photo/video, as I did not. If anyone who reads this report and saw the same thing I urge you to make your own report so others know they are not alone.;44.8668;-93.5383
