Bright red, green , white and blue sphere shaped object.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect Sirius or Venus.  PD));2009-01-23 19:00:00;2 hours;Bright red, green , white and blue sphere shaped object We saw a very bright object in the sky and at first thought it was a star. But, it was too bright and too close to be a star.  It was sphere shaped and with binoculars looked like there was ring around the middle. It was white, green, red and blue.  It was not noticeably moving but we went inside and when we went outside 30 minutes later it was in a different location.  When I looked through the binoculars the object appeared to be very slightly moving up and down.  I really do not know what it was--I know it wasn't a plane, helicopter, satellite or star.  We went inside again and when we came out about 30 minutes later the object was gone.  I have never seen anything like this before nor had anyone else in my family. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect Sirius or Venus.  PD));30.2932691670293;-89.8113897514193
Two lighted translucent spherical craft traveling slowly on a parallel course towards New Orleans, LA;2009-12-31 21:00:00;3 mins.;Two lighted translucent spherical craft traveling slowly on a parallel course towards New Orleans, LA I am a retired college instructor and former private pilot familiar with many types of aircraft.  I had not been drinking on the night of the sighting. I was at my home in Slidell, Louisiana, on the night of December 31, 2009 when the sighting occured.  I went outside on my back deck at approximately 9:00 P.M. to observe the New years Eve fireworks going off in my neighborhood.  I happened to look straight up and saw what I thought at first to be some unusual fireworks.  In a few seconds however, I realized I was looking at two strange aircraft which were way too high up to be fireworks.  I saw two identical, perfectly spherical, internally lighted, translucent globes which were predominantly pink in color with uneven pastel blue and gray bands around the globe.  They were not brightly lit, nor did they have any other visible lights on them such as navigation lights, but they were easily visible in the night sky.  They had no visible windows or openings that I could see. They were each about the size of a small house and were at an altitude of about 1,000 to 1,200 feet, and were moving from the Northeast to the Southwest in the general direction of New Orleans across Lake Pontchartrain.  They were flying on a perfectly parallel course at a distance of about an eigth of a mile from one another at exactly the same speed, which appeared to be about 50 t0 60 miles per hour.  One was slightly ahead of the other.  They eventually disappeared into some low hanging clouds a mile or so from where I was standing.  In all, I viewed them for about three minutes, and never heard a sound from them.  The most unusual and distinctive features of the craft were the flange-like collars they had around the bottoms of the globes. From these collars were coming flames which looked like regular fire, not a rocket flame.  These flames did not appear to be any kind of a propulsion system because the flames were deflected backwards by the wind created by the speed of the objects moving through the air on a perpendicular course to the bottom of the globes.  When they first passed over me, I was able to look straight up into the burning cavity created by the collar on the bottom of the globe and it reminded me of what looking into an upside down burning can of Sterno might look like.  These craft looked like they could have been man-made objects, but no man-made objects with these attributes could possibly fly in the way that these did. I've never seen anything like these craft before or since this sighting so I have to classify them as being unidentified flying objects.;30.2932691670293;-89.8113897514193
Two clearly visible, internally lighted spheres, flying in formation toward New Orleans;2009-12-31 21:00:00;3 minutes;Two clearly visible, internally lighted spheres, flying in formation toward New Orleans On New Year's eve, 2009, at about 21:00, I went out to my back deck to watch the fireworks going off around our neighborhood.  Looking straight up, I thought I was looking at some strange new form of fieworks over my house.  However, I soon realized these objects were too high up and too large to be fireworks.   What I saw was two large internally lighted spheres traveling in a northeast to southwest direction toward New Orleans from Slidell where I live.  They were identical spheres traveling at about 50-60 mph, in a perfectly parallel course at the same altitude and speed.  Their altitude appeared to be about 1000 to 1200 feet and they were about the size of a small house or about 75 feet in diameter.  The wind was virtually calm and there was a broken low overcast cloud cover. The spheres appeared to be made of translucent glass or ceramic material which appeared glowed pink over-all with uneven blue and gray horizontal bands around them.  They glowed from within and were clearly visible for about three minutes before disappearing into a low hanging cloud bank.  The strangest characteristic was that they had a collar around the bottom of the spheres which was emitting yellow flames in a downward direction which bent back away from the direction of travel.  Looking up into them was like looking into an upside down can of burning Sterno, but much bigger.  The flames were too big to be a hot air balloon and would have set a balloon on fire because they were also deflected up the sides of the objects by their speed of travel. They were also going too fast, and at too constant a speed and altitude, to have been ballons. There were no navigation lights, beams, or other forms of illumination visible.  They glowed with a soft glow from inside them which made them clearly visible in the night sky.  There were no visible windows or other openings to be seen. They appeared to possibly have been man-made robotic craft of some sort, but I know of no craft with these characteristics that could possibly fly in the manner of these two spheres.  For this reason I have to classify them as unidentified flying objects. I am a retired college instructor and former private pilot familiar with many forms of aircraft, but I have never seen any like this.;30.2932691670293;-89.8113897514193
