19 ufos circling around glen lyon, PA;2007-09-12 01:30:00;25-30 min.;19 ufos circling around glen lyon, PA I went outside to have a cigarette, and seeing as it was a crisp and clear night I took a few minutes to enjoy the skyscape.  I noticed a star flickering as they often do on clear nights, and then out of the corner of my eye I noticed a blinking white and red light heading north.  I wrote it off as a plane, but kept my eye on it.  It was moving exceptionally fast considering how far away it was.  I was born and raised in an area where jetliners and helicopters frequently pass over heading to the Scranton/Wilkes Barre airport, so it's safe to say I have a good idea of how fast a plane that far away should have been moving.  While I watched the craft move off to the north I noticed another identical set of blinking white and red lights coming from the south west heading in the same direction.  Then, before that one was out of sight, another flew by, then another, they all came from different areas of the sky heading towards the same point.  There were times that I could see three or four of them in the sky at once, which struck me as odd because I always considered airplanes to keep more of a distance from each other than the distance these things were maintaining.  At one point I watched a couple of them pass behind a cloud, and the most incredible part was when I saw one coming from the north heading straight towards another coming from the south west, they moved very quickly and passed very close by one another.  I had a friend and some of his family come over, and they arrived just in time to see one dissappear north into the distance.  Within fifteen minutes another came from the north heading south.  After that we didn't see any more of them.  Throughout this sighting I only heard the sound of an airplane once, when one of them passed nearby, however several other crafts followed the same path and were silent.  I cannot shake the idea that they were most likely airplanes because the blinking lights are so typical of the safety lights airplanes use.  My reason for reporting this is that there were so many, I counted at least nineteen and god knows how long they were doing this before I noticed.  Also, they passed by each other so closely and traveled far distances very quickly for the most part without a sound.  Anyways thats it.  I plan to call the airport just to see if maybe there was an issue that prevented jetliners from landing, forcing them to circle the skies for a while.  I'll keep it posted.;41.1787;-76.0743
