Long cylinder shape with chrome mirrored dome top viewed coming apart and reatatching itself over Sault Ste. Marie, MI;2006-06-28 11:30:00;1hr. 10minutes;Long cylinder shape with chrome mirrored dome top viewed coming apart and reatatching itself over Sault Ste. Marie, MI On June 28, 2006 I was measuring my backyard and preparing it for concrete when a big object caught my attention out of the corner of my eye. It was right over the neighbors house about 600-900ft. off the ground. I estimated that distance by using a radio tower which was right under the object as my way of figuring out how far off the ground it was. I believe that the radio tower is approximately 300ft. tall. It looked to be approximately two maybe two and a half of those towers from the ground. there was no noise at all. I grabbed my 12x50 binoculars and viewed the object for approximately 35 minutes without any movement at all. During those 35 minutes I made a drawing on my clipboard of the object as I viewed it through my binoculars. I wasn't going to call or tell anyone due to the fact of what other people might think. I figured I would just watch the thing until it took off. This thing was unbelieveable! It was tall and slender with a long shaft coming out from the bottom. On the top at an angle from the top and side was a chrome mirrored dome and there was a chrome gold reflection coming from around that same area. As I was watching the object through my binocs the dome turned towards me then stopped and a small object came out from the bottom of the long shaft and floated towards the top. It stopped beside the top of the craft and orbitted around the it twice before connecting itself to the top. Then the dome turned back towards the direction it was first facing which was NE and it never left that position the whole time. Right then I called my father-in-law, who is a sargent at the city police department, to come over and view this thing as a witness but he was sleeping because he just got off from his night shift. I told my mother-in-law that this was no joke and that they should get over here as soon as possible because there is a UFO over the house and that it was coming apart and reatatching itself. She told me to call the police, which I immediately did. I told the dispatcher who I was, that I was Mel's son-in-law and that this was no joke, and to send someone over right away because I believe there is a UFO over the house. The dispatcher laughed and said sure, I'll send someone right over. My mother-in-law arrived by herself which was about five minutes after I called. (police never came). By the time she arrived it moved a little higher and to the south and stopped. She viewed it through the binocs as well and couldn't believe it herself. We both watched it for about 20 minutes before the neighbor pulled in next door. She viewed it for about 10 to 15 minutes before it disappeard into the sky. The dome never left its position facing the NE. It would move a little bit and stop. It did that about three or four times heading south and then it just moved slowly at an angle towards the atmosphere and disappeared behind a cloud. My mother-in-law went home and called the city police department and talked to one of the officers at the desk and asked why they didn't go out on the call and they said they were never dispatched. So the officers came over themselves after talking to my mother-in-law but by this time we never saw it again. They questioned me and waited a while to see if it would show again but it never did. I know the officers personally and they know I would have never called on something like this unless it was true. My father-in-law talked to the captain and they suggested that I go to your web site and log what I saw. I strongly believe that if the officer or anyone else with a video cam video taped this thing at that close of a distance for that long a period of time, that there wouldn't have been any other civilian evidence on earth with that much visual detail! Especially when it came apart and reattatched itself.;46.4150999999999;-84.2854000000005
