Large, bright white spotlight high in sky over Colchester, Ct  ;2009-09-19 19:51:00;3-4 minutes;Large, bright white spotlight high in sky over Colchester, Ct (Hartford County), ascended vertically. On September 19, 2009 at 7:50 PM, I was laying on a hammock facing the southern sky on my raised (level to a second story) back porch. The sky was dark, after sunset. I had been watching the stars come out. The sky was clear, no cloud coverage at all. No moon in the sky. (The moon was in new phase, and rising and setting during the day, according to a moon phase website). The hammock is on a self-supporting frame, and there is nothing on my porch to block my view facing east or south. My house was to my right, or west. I was looking at my phone when a bright light above and slightly to the right of my perspective caught my attention.  The light was an extremely bright and extremely large white light, shining down towards the ground. It was very high in the air, possibly higher than aircraft would generally fly.  The light spread out like an upside down cone, but without a distinguishable tip.  For about 15 seconds, the outline or form of the light was very clear and distinguishable. The light was about the size of a normal full moon, or just slightly smaller.  The light rose vertically.  As it did, the clarity of the outline of the light dissipated and was replaced by a patch of “brightness” in the sky, which slowly became larger and larger, then faded slowly to black. This process lasted about 4 minutes.  At its largest, this patch of brightness against the night sky would have about filled the dipper portion of the big dipper before fading to black.  The simplest way for me to describe it is it was as if someone had turned on the brightest spotlight I could imagine from the atmosphere, and as it ascended, I seemed to be viewing the light from underneath the source.  According the compass on my iPhone, the light was approximately at 180 -189 degrees south.  I thought to run inside and grab my camera, but figured I would miss it. I attempted a picture with my iPhone, but by this point, I could only make out a bright patch against the night sky and the iPhone could not record anything in the sky.  The light was completely faded at 7:55 PM. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));41.5695;-72.344
Light beam appeared in vehicle from undetermined source.;2010-06-25 23:00:00;2 minutes;Light beam appeared in vehicle from undetermined source. After graduation, I was the designated driver for my friends. We had gone out to McDonald's for the night and were coming home on Route 16.  I was driving along when a green point of light hit my dash and flicked around the dash board.  I thought that perhaps it was a laser pointer (it had that appearance), but there were no cars behind or in front of us at the time. I asked my friends if they saw they light, and they said that they had. I did not report this until now because I did not know that this website existed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  PD));41.5695;-72.344
