Very large light moving across the sky, disappearing behind the tree line, followed by a flash of light as if something had exploded;2011-09-25 23:40:00;a few seconds;Very large light moving across the sky, disappearing behind the tree line, followed by a flash of light as if something had exploded I realize that the UARS satellite was predicted to have fallen on Friday or Saturday (9/23-24) but I saw something on Sunday night (9/25) that I thought I should report.  Maybe it was just a meteor but it was the largest light in the sky, other than the sun, the moon or fireworks, that I've ever seen.  On Sunday (9/25/11) at approximately 11:40 P.M.  I was out on my porch and I saw a large light move across the sky.  I only saw it for about 2 seconds before it disappeared behind some nearby trees.  I watched to see it reappear on the other side of the trees, and saw it for an instant through the trees, but before it could reappear there was a flash in the sky.  The flash wasn't overly dramatic, but easily discernable and originated behind the trees where the light had been.   I'm assuming it exploded or burned up or something at that time because it never did reappear. I live in Phillips, Maine and from my location the light, which was a yellowish white, was moving from north to south in the western sky.  I would guess that it was about 30 to 35 degrees up from the horizon - so not too high in the sky.  The size of the light was the thing that caught my eye. It was large, I would estimate that it was larger than 1/3 and smaller than 1/2 the diameter of the moon.  Another way to describe it would be if I were to draw on a piece of paper how big an average meteor looked I would draw something maybe 1/16 to 1/8 inch in diameter.  Compared to that this light would be closer to a full inch.  There was no sound that I could hear.  I have reported this in an email to Nasa and also to Linda Molton Howe.  I also called the local sheriff’s department and was told mine was the only report and that they would contact me if they ever discovered what it was that I saw.  It’s been almost two weeks now and I haven’t heard anything back from anyone.  I apologize for not getting this to NUFORC sooner but I didn’t think of it until I heard NUFORC mentioned on a recording of Coast to Coast that I was listening to. I hope this info is helpful, and if the light wasn't part of UARS then I would really like to know what it was.;44.8375;-70.3601
Orange light appears and  then reappears in same flight path about 20 minutes later;2012-08-18 20:50:00;7 minutes;orange light appears and  then reappears in same &quot flight path&quot  about 20 minutes later At approximately 21:50 Saturday August 18 2012, at a campsite in Phillips, Maine, 20 persons witnessed a bright orange light object flying way above the horizon travelling from the Northwest to the southeast.  It travelled at a steady, continued, even pace for at least 5 minutes before leaving field of view.  It appeared to be larger than a distant star, and also more bright than any other stars in this clear sky, and also larger than any aircraft lights that were viewed.   About 20 minutes after this sighting, it appeared again following the same path and was  identical in flight movement and intensity of brightness.;44.8375;-70.3601
