Strange events in the sky above Durant, Mississippi;2001-07-16 13:00:00;10 Minutes;Strange events in the sky above Durant, Mississippi On or about 7/16/2001 while driving through Mississippi I had an experience, which although brief, totally changed my perception and beliefs on UFO’s. I at the time was testing my wings as an OTR truck driver. Partly because I made descent money for a twenty two year old, mostly because I was able to see many things I wasn't sure I would ever get to see otherwise. As a team driver at the time I typically drove at night, usually 9:00 pm to 5:00 am. Of course this was a great time to watch the sky as I often did. Strangely enough I was driving through Mississippi on a very sunny summer day. It was strange because I never drove during the day and I was in a state I had been through only a handful of times in my short lived driving career. My driving partner at the time was sleeping and it was getting close to the end of my shift. Still very early in the morning I was driving north on I-55 heading home to Nashville, TN in a very desolate part of Mississippi, close to Durant, when I glanced up. There in the bright blue early afternoon sky I saw three very small dots sitting in a triangular formation. I say sitting because there was no movement whatsoever. The objects were so small I thought they must have been miles up. I continued to watch the objects as I drove up the interstate and they remained perfectly still in a right triangle configuration. I thought it was so odd because I had the thought that it could be a real sighting, but it was almost surreal. They seemed so far away and they were so small I wasn’t sure what to think. I have no pictures to document what I saw but, if you saw three of the brightest stars in the night sky shining that brightly through the afternoon sun forming a perfect triangle, that’s what it was. As opened minded as I am I had always been skeptical about the existence of e.t. life, but watching these objects made me really feel that there was something possibly alien or otherwise unknown hovering above me. My sighting went on for a total of about ten minutes. ! During the last few seconds of what was a very wonderful, but rather uneventful phenomena the objects suddenly moved straight up at a rate of speed I could not begin to judge. They literally disappeared in less than a blink of an eye, but I absolutely saw what appeared to be some type of mechanical movement something not at all natural. It was amazing and I so wished I had the opportunity to get pictures as I was driving. I had somewhat doubted the whole experience, but within about a minute of the objects disappearing the strangest thing happened. Five Air Force jets, and I’m not sure what model, but fighter jets were doing flybys at and around the interstate. They circled within five miles of the interstate for a few minutes then disappeared. That incident certainly sparked my interest and belief that something possibly threatening and likely not human exists. Recently I was driving through a neighborhood close to home when I noticed a rainbow in the clouds. While observing the rainbow I shifted my sight about 45 degrees to the right when I noticed the same strange object. This encounter was much briefer and there was only one object I could see. My friend Keith was with me this time and I tried to get him to look, but when I looked to find it again, it was gone. I’m certainly glad to know there is a website dedicated to discovering the truth about UFO’s. I totally and whole heartedly believe that there is a lot we don’t know, but I think we are on the verge of finding the answer to the age old question: Are we alone? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.0861;-89.8641
