HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  shiny, bright cyl. shape, stationary high in the sky, broke apart, split into 2 exact same size pieces;2003-07-25 20:30:00;5 minutes;shiny, bright cylinder shape, stationary high in the sky, broke apart, split into two exact same size pieces Bright clear blue sky about 8:30 pm, six of us were on the beach at a small lake (Gardom Lake).  When I looked up in the sky commented what the heck is that? as a very shiny, bright cylinder shape was stationary high in the sky and then broke apart, split into two exact same size and cylinder shape and slowly moved apart in the sky.  There was no sound, no jet stream, couldn't make out any wings and both pieces now moved at about the exact same speed apart in the sky.  All six of us watched these cylinder shapes disappear out of site in a north/south direction.  We have watched hundreds of shows on television on different types of airplanes & ufo's etc and can't explain what this could have been.  This was shinier & brighter than any jet almost chrome shiny. Very curious to know if anyone else spotted this. Later realized we had the camera but couldn't take our eyes away. We can forward a map and drawing of what we saw if required. ((NUFORC Note:  Case has been forwarded to Brian Vike, of HBCCUFO, in British Columbia, for follow-up investigation.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION FROM BRIAN VIKE, DIRECTOR OF HOUSTON, B.C., HBCCUFO IN CANADA)) Hi Peter   Not a lot more on the sighting from the witness who I called. I am hoping he will have some of the others telephone me and make a report. Hope this helps a little.   Take care Brian   Enderby, British Columbia (follow-up)   Date:  July 25, 2003 Time:  8:30 p.m.   This is a follow-up to the Enderby, B.C. sighting which was reported to Mr. Peter Davenport at the NUFORC.    I telephoned one of the witnesses who reported a sighting for July 25, 2003 to gather a little more information on what the witnesses saw at 8:30 p.m. at Gardom Lake. The story is actually rather interesting.    The gentleman I talked with, told me his wife was the first to notice one large single object sitting stationary in the blue sky. She gave out a yell and pointed into the sky. This is when a total of 6 people saw the unusual object. But by the time everyone else was observing the it, it had already broke (separated) into two sections. Both section after the break up were the exact same size. (I asked if there was any type of explosion which may have caused the object to break into the two section, and the witness said no. The single object basically spit into two parts).   After it broke up, the folks said the objects went in separate directions, one heading north and the other south. The fellow I chatted with said the craft was sitting at approx: 30,000 to 40,000 feet at his best guess. Also they noted after the craft separated, and holding their hand up to get a rough idea how close the two section were to one another at the height they were at, they guessed them to be approx: one inch a part. The witness also noted that the two parts did not pass one another (stayed close to one another), but did slowly drift a part going in different directions until they lost sight of them.    He mentioned that it was like looking at the chrome bumper of a car with the sun reflecting off it. The brightness to the objects were extremely bright. There was no sound detected, no contrail from any of the them. He also gave a approx: size each of the objects may have been. He estimated they might have been 1/4 inch in length, this using your finger nail at arms length. (Note: If the estimated size is even close, the objects must have been enormous in size).    The sighting lasted for approx: 4 to 5 minutes.    I am still hoping the other witnesses will call. Also the witness said he would get a drawing of what they saw to me, and there exact location. ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude for his conducting such a prompt and thorough follow-up investigation of this case.  PD));50.5536;-119.1316
