HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  I saw a white light in the sky, it went from a medium size to big to very tiny.;2003-08-28 20:30:00;approx: 2 minutes;I saw a white light in the sky, it went from a medium size to big to very tiny. email report:  Hello, after reading a few stories of the sighting on the 28 of July I feel a need to tell you my story,  I live in Enderby B.C. and on August 28th 2003 around 8:30 p.m. my sister and I went for a walk. On our way home I looked over and saw a white light in the sky, just a medium size light that was not moving at all, I thought it was just one of those lights that guides planes, then not even in a blink of an eye it went from a medium size to big to very tiny and started moving very fast. It all happened so quickly that I didn't even have time to tell my sister what I was seeing until it had shrunk. It confused me alot and frightened her. But I didn't really think anything of it at the time so I just went home and didn't continue to watch it. And a day or so later I started hearing other people saying they had been seeing something in the sky that was a stereotypical UFO or something that would light the sky up.  Additional Information:  The sighting only lasted for about two minutes, my home was only about three houses away when I saw the object so I just ran home, went inside, and didn't really think of it till I started to hear more similar stories.  It was still light out, but just starting to get dark they sky was still blue though. It was roughly around pea size to nickel size to pretty much 'pin prick' size  It was completely still when I first noticed it, that's why I thought it was just a 'light' tower. It was a bright white light and what is odd is it stayed white.  It was nothing like I had ever seen before, nothing like a plane, satellite or shooting star.  Hope this helps.  (Personal information deleted by HBCC UFO).  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm;50.5536;-119.1316
