7 orange orbs in key largo FL night sky moving slowly then breaking out of our atmosphere at incredible speeds.;2010-03-20 09:10:00;3 mins;7 orange orbs in key largo FL night sky moving slowly then breaking out of our atmosphere at incredible speeds. My uncle, father and I were in the keys at my Uncles trailer for a fishing trip Saturday March 20th 2010.  After a great day of fishing we headed to the house to unload clean up and cook some fish. At around 9:00pm my father was frying some fish outside and my uncle and I were preparing some food in the house.  My father opens the outside door and calls us out to go outside quick! We run outside and he points to the sky. We were facing North and we saw at first 4 amber (lighter flame orange) orbs moving in towards land coming from the east (ocean side).  They were about airplane altitude but I would say just a bit lower in altitude. They were moving very slowly but at a semi constant speed but almost evenly spaced apart traveling in a straight line playing follow the leader sort of speak.  There was absolutely no sound!  No red or green lights which is mandatory for aircrafts, and the sky was clear of any cloud cover.  We could see all the stars out that night. As the first orb got to about mid sky, it gave off a soft pulse effect and zoomed out of our atmosphere at an incredible speed, almost instantaneously turning into a distant white star, then after a second it was absolutely GONE!  It did not break the horizon like any regular aircraft, this thing broke out of our atmosphere! The following 2 followed suit, doing exactly what the first one did in the exact point in the sky traveling in the same direction.  By the time the forth one was reaching the spot in the sky where the others had gone, 3 more same looking orbs popped out from the same direction from where the other 4 originated from. This time the first one after about 10 seconds of moving slowly following the same path as the others, decided to zoom out to the point of looking like a white star and came back as the orange orb really fast!  After, the 6th orb decided to do a little dancing zig zag side to side a couple of times then got back in line.  They all followed the same direction and broke out through the atmosphere 1 by 1.  Truly was an amazing experience.  Ive tried to think of all the things it could have been and I only have one answer……UFO’s.  Our neighbor was present during the event with us. My Uncle got his camera but its not an amazing camera and could not get a good picture of the spectacle. But the event will forever be imprinted in my head.;25.082;-80.4486999999999
