3:30 in the morning observe a black triangular shaped craft fly directly over Key Largo  Fl. aproximately one tholusand ft. up and 2000;1996-01-01 03:30:00;3-4 min;3:30 in the morning observe a black triangular shaped craft fly directly over Key Largo  Fl. aproximately one tholusand ft. up and 2000 Ft north of the bell south tower at the Howard Johnston Restarant.  Size would be about one hundered + or - a small amount.  Completely blackened and traveling at about 35 miles per hour, no lights and no reflection other than off the upper edge of the fuselage. I was anchored in tarpon basin which is just off the howard johnston restaurant and adjacet to the tower which placed the tower north by east of out boat.  This was in jan 1996 just prior to crossing to the Bahamas.  I got up to check out the anchor and went on deck as it was a clear warm night,looking up I noticed a line of white being reflected in a diagaonal formation to it`s line of travel looking and traveling somewhat like a flight of birds. A split second later I realized that it was a hard edge reflecting light back towards me ,but not down.  We sailors always have binocullars available so I was able to get a better view immediately.  Being 50mm lens and having good light gathering ability I was able to see the bottom somewhat, it appeard featurless. At this point I called Connie on deck and gave her the binocs and she was able to see it also. At this time it was impossible to see with the naked eye.  I again watched it go slowely to the northwest  until it completely  blended into the night sky. It was easy to judge the hight and size due to it`s close proximity to the tower.  My background as a private pilot and having built and flown my  own planes and ultrlights allowed me to judge the speed.  As low as it was we both were able to trade off the glasses and abserve the progress.  I am a retired teacher and have been 22 years most of which  I have been captain and used to reporting factual reports.;25.082;-80.4486999999999
Flew directly over my field of vision as I looked at the stars. I GOT A GOOD LOOK.;2006-07-04 23:00:00;30 sec to 1 minute;Flew directly over my field of vision as I looked at the stars. I GOT A GOOD LOOK. I was atop my Uncle's boat with one of my cousins for a while before the incident occurred. We had been looking at the stars for some time because they are so clear in the keys.  Eventually, a majority of my family had made it to the top of the boat and were conversing while a still gazed at the sky.  Although many individuals in my family had been drinking that night, I had not been.  A fireworks show had just ended and as I continued looking at the stars, I saw what I assume was a satellite moving across the night sky.  At the instant I let a breath out to tell my family to look at the satellite a grey object slowly flew over my field of vision which was much closer.  It was directly over the boat and was moving south.  The object was triangular in shape (more like an elongated crescent) and was completely silent.  At this time, all the members who were on the boat were looking at the object, as my Aunt stated she thinks it's a bird.  When the back of the object became visible, a single, centered, small, orange light could be seen and observed for only ten more seconds before the object swiftly ascended out of vision. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));25.082;-80.4486999999999
Large bright white triangular shapes streaking across the sky coming to an abrupt stop, holding position for 10 sec. then disappearing;2013-11-04 22:00:00;seconds;Large bright white triangular shapes streaking across the sky coming to an abrupt stop, holding position for 10 sec. then disappearing On November 4, 2013 in the late evening (around 10pm) while sitting on the beach in Key Largo, FL, I saw about six to eight very large, very bright, very distinct opaque white triangular shapes resembling an irregular tightly formed flock of birds crossing the sky in a split second.  They traveled in a perfectly straight line in a westward direction and abruptly came to a stop.   The shapes held that position for about 10 seconds and then just disappeared.   I attempted to bring them to my husband's attention, but he missed the event. About 5 minutes later, he pointed out a singular triangular shape in the northern sky identical to the ones I had just seen.   It rapidly crossed the sky from west to east then zigzagged in a downward direction and disappeared.   My husband does not believe in UFOs but said he could not think of any other explanation than the possibility of an experimental military aircraft. We talked about it for a little while and then just sat and enjoyed the night.   Unbelievably, about twenty minutes later, a star-like flash of bright white light streaked from behind me heading in an upward northerly direction and quickly disappeared into the night.  It happened before I could get the words out to tell my husband. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));25.082;-80.4486999999999
