Star change's position.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible satellite, we believe.  PD));2005-05-21 23:30:00;10 second;star change's position i was standing outside in fron of my house star gazing i had my wife to bring me my beer from the kitchen and i look up again i seen a star move from the north of it's position to the south slowly for about 10 seconds and it was gone and the way it took off was even more wierd it went straight up into space. me and my wife swear to god we weren't on any drugs at all !!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that a possible sighting of a satellite would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that the witnesses had observed a bona fide UFO.  PD));34.1592;-119.1986
I witnessed two objects each comprised of five lights at the Port Hueneme Beach in CA.;2008-11-02 01:40:00;30 plus minutes;I witnessed two objects each comprised of five lights at the Port Hueneme Beach in CA. This morning I decided to stop at the beach in Port Hueneme, CA to admire the ocean after leaving my boyfriend’s house.  I arrived about 1:40 AM. I parked my car with the hood facing the pier with the tail end facing the Seabee military base directly behind me.  I left my engine, headlight sand music on as I was only planning to stay for a minute or two.  I put the car in park and stepped out of the vehicle.  I stood up on the ledge of the driver’s side door to get a better view of the waves.  I noticed what appeared to be a set of stadium lights facing the perimeter of the base over a fountain of water. After a minute or so I noticed the lights shift their angle/position out of the corner of my eye.  Shocked, I began to stare and then witnessed the lights move.  The first object consisted of five white/yellow lights.  There was no visible craft, just the lights.  They moved together at times and separate at times. The lights were able to move over the water independently of each other and collectively as a group.  They moved up, down, right, left, forward, backward--any way you could imagine.  There was no sound and no disturbance of the sand or water.  The lights remained completely static and motionless at times just hovering over the area and then were able to move slowly or quickly at varying speeds. The lights were low to the ground maybe 25 to 40 feet off of the surface. I observed this for a minute or two and was so startled I jumped in the car and took out my cell phone to take pictures and record video evidence.  I took a picture and then decided it would be best to record a video because it could capture the fluidity and motion of the objects.  I turned off the car engine, lights and music.  I kneeled on the driver seat and recorded the movement for twenty minutes out of the sunroof resting my arm on the roof to keep my hand as steady as possible. During this time a second object appeared, which was lower than the first and considerably closer to the base.  It was also comprised of the same five lights.  It also displayed the same characteristics and motion. However, it moved much more than the first object.  Suddenly, the first object disappeared completely and the second began to move toward my car.  I dropped my phone and it slid shut erasing the video.  I became concerned for my safety and started my engine, called my mother and drove away as quickly as possible. No sooner than I started my car the first object reappeared and then both retreated farther away.  Once on the phone with my mother, however, I became more curious and turned my car around in the direction of the lights to get a better view.  Both objects moved much more quickly then they had before in the direction toward my car.  I was so scared I stopped the car immediately in the middle of the road and turned around as quickly as possible and left the beach.  I am left with only one crappy cell phone picture, but a picture nonetheless. I saw no craft. Just two objects made up of five lights each, which could move collectively or independently of each other.  The objects made no sound and were able to hover very low to the ground.  Neither seemed to disturb the water or sand on the beach in any way.  They illuminated the area.  At one point one or two of the lights seemed brighter than the others on the first object, almost as if a light, beam or object was emitted.  But I cannot be sure of this particular detail as it was quick and hard to clearly observe.  I am unsure of whether or not it may have landed.  It was very near to the water/sand, but I did not witness it do so personally. They appeared on the perimeter of the military base!  There had to have been military personnel on duty who also witnessed the lights whatever they had been.  There are airplanes on the base none of which fit such a description to the best of my knowledge.  I did at one point notice what appeared to be a regular airplane far off in the distance, but was unsure if it noticed the objects.  There were three other cars parked nearby.  I am unsure whether or not they were occupied.  There are also a great deal of apartments and condos on the beach, in which other people may have noticed the lights. I am a reliable, lucid, sober, sane witness.  I am a recent college grad about to begin graduate studies. I have never believed UFO stories.  I am open to a logical military explanation of what I saw, as it was outside the beach perimeter of the CBC base, but I have never witnessed or been aware of any man made object with such properties or capabilities personally.  I watched the objects for about a half an hour myself.  I am sure they may have been there before I arrived at the beach and remained after I left as well.  They were still visible as I drove away to turn left back down Ventura Road.  I am flabbergasted at what I just witnessed.  I have no explanation and I am dumbfounded…;34.1592;-119.1986
Light, Shape and near two bases;2012-10-01 17:30:00;30 minutes;Light, Shape and near two bases Just above the cloud line, a rainbow like light. It had shown like a prism formed from the clouds but the shape appeared. it looked like the clouds were were going over a wing shaped.  Like the draft test with smoke, for a wing.  The shape stuck around for as long as the clouds past, and once they did, the shape was gone but the light remained. This was over Port Hueneme Beach, just north of the Pier. This is in between the Port Hueneme Naval Base and the Point Mugu Missle Range/ Air Force Base.;34.1592;-119.1986
Orange Lights Over Port Heneme, CA.;2013-11-02 21:05:00;5 minutes;Orange Lights Over Port Heneme, CA November 2, 2013, at about 9:05 pm Location: Port Hueneme, CA  We are facing to the South.  These bright orange lights were in the sky where constellation Aquarius is located traveling in from the West to East. I was outside with my husband on our balcony.  It was a clear night with no clouds. We saw 5 extremely bright orange lights.  They were steady and moving in a straight path going towards the East.  There was nothing blocking our view. There was one object at front point and two at its side forming a triangular position and two following far behind that formation. The bright lights were not making any sounds, no smoke, they were not flares. They were not descending, just moving towards the East on a steady straight path. After 5 minutes, all of a sudden all 5 of the objects just disappeared. Several minutes later we observed a plane circling around the area. And nothing was flying in the sky after this for about an hour. I attempted to take video with my Iphone, but it is not very clear, and I only captured the first three and stopped the video as I ran down the stairs to stand in the middle of the street to view them.;34.1592;-119.1986
