Orange objects appear over Gretna Nebraska;2013-06-27 21:54:00;3 minutes;Orange objects appear over Gretna, Nebraska. I was sitting on the patio facing west when I noticed two orange objects coming toward my position.   As an ex-USAF I know the characteristics of modern military aircraft.  These aircraft were anything but ordinary.  The objects flew together, there vector was west to east.  The objects first appeared they were at traveling at approximately 45 degrees above the horizon. The objects appeared to be under intelligent control.  When I first saw the objects they were moving at a high rate of speed.  After approximately 30 seconds they appeared to slow down.  The objects traveled together for approximately 1 minutes when one of the objects disappeared from sight.  It just appeared to vanish from sight. The lone remaining object appeared to slow down considerably, stop and then alter course.  The object stopped for approximately 10 seconds before altering its course.  The new vector was south by southwest.  After altering course the object appeared to pick up speed rather quickly and began ascending.  The object was approximately 60 degrees above the horizon when I lost sight of it.  I thought that was unusual experience and I turned my gaze back to the west. I noticed the second object was once again visible and appeared once again to be bright orange.  The object was still silent and had no running lights whatsoever.  Once the object re-appeared I tracked it’s flight path.  The object appeared to follow the identical flight path of the first object.  The object also had the exact same flight characteristics of the original object.  The second object appeared to slow down considerably, stop and then alter course.  The object stopped for approximately 10 seconds before altering its course.  The new vector was south by southwest.  After altering course the object appeared to pick up speed rather quickly and began ascending.  The object was approximately 60 degrees above the horizon when I lost sight of it.  Unusual characteristics: I could not hear any sound coming from either object.  Both objects were a brilliant orange in color.  Almost like the color of orange sparkling off a diamond a deep fire like orange color.  I can’t say that I have ever seen this color before. Words fail to adequately describe the true color of the objects.   These objects did not have the characteristic blinking lights found on military and civilian aircraft.  When the objects appeared to stop it was as if they were floating effortlessly. I have no idea what the objects were but the experience was very interesting.;41.1345;-96.2458
4 lights over Gretna NE;2016-10-31 19:30:00;7 minutes;4 lights over Gretna NE As 2 of my neighbors and myself were out with our children trick-or-treating at about 7:30p.m., I happened to glance up at the sky and notice a light flying towards us.  At first I didn’t think much about it, but as it drew closer I became more interested. It appeared to be at an elevation of about 1,000 ft, a constant blue light and made no sound.  It traveled from the Southwest to the Northeast in a straight line at what I estimate at about 150mph until it disappeared from sight. As we were waiting for our kids to go to the next house, we were talking and wondering if it was or was not a drone discussing elevation, size, speed, and color when we all saw a second object appear, this time green in color.  It followed the exact same flight path and seemed to be at the same elevation and be of the same size of the previous object. Just as the second object disappeared from sight we all turned to see a third blue object appear just where the first 2 had appeared.  It also followed the same flight path as the previous 2 objects.  Again as we lost sight of the third object, a fourth one appeared. This fourth object was also blue and traveled the same flight path at the same speed as the previous 3 but was flying at a higher elevation. After the fourth object left the area and we were teasing each other about getting our tin foil hats out, we watched a large airplane flying from the East to the West gaining altitude and we all noticed the differences between the objects and the plane itself. We aren’t sure what we saw but we know that it was not an airplane and chances are that they aren’t commercially available drones.  Also, I am a military aircraft mechanic and am very familiar with aircraft flight patterns, size, shape, styles, etc..;41.1345;-96.2458
At approximataly 1:18 pm, I was taking a short break from work, I layed next to a corn field for shade. Looking up at the clouds I noti;2017-07-20 13:18:00;7 seconds;At approximataly 1:18 pm, I was taking a short break from work.  I lay next to a corn field for shade.   Looking up at the clouds, I noticed a ball of light traveling straight across the sky.  It came to a full stop, and made a strange maneuver.   I looked away for a brief second, and when I looked for it again, the UFO was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, who telephoned our Hotline, and we found him to be seemingly sober-minded, and apparently sincere about his sighting.  Some of his co-workers saw the same object, although we have not received report from them.  Source of this report forwards photos of discoloration on his hands.  We cannot imagine how the sighting of an object in the sky could cause the discolorations.  PD));41.1345;-96.2458
