Shiny chrome like eggish shaped object moving slowly but high up then disappearing after going behind some trees.;2005-05-19 11:25:00;about 6 seconds;Shiny chrome like eggish shaped object moving slowly but high up then disappearing after going behind some trees. I came out of the building where I work and looked up only to catch a glimpse of what I thought at first was a plane. However I looked again because the shape was strange and the object was very shiny, chrome like.  It was high in the air, hard to judge the distance. Not 30,000 ft, more like 5 to 10,000ft up. The shape was more egg-like than anything else but the image I was looking at seemed blury.  It seemed to be flatter on the bottom and curved on the top. The middle was unclear as if there were something around it or vapor maybe.  No I do not need glasses to see clearly. It's just that It looked like something with heat coming off of it, you know what I mean.The sun actually reflected off one part of it. It was seen while I was looking up high in the sky facing east.  It was a clear and sunny day with some scattered higher clouds.   The object was moving to the south, but did not move very fast. It was a steady movement though. There were four tall trees that were about to block my view after watching for around 6 or 7 seconds. I waited for the object to come from behind the trees. While I waited a jet came over the building behind me. Slightly lower than what I had seen, and headed east.  I knew for sure that I had not been watching a plane or jet. I continued to wait to see it come from behind the trees. It never did. I walked quickly to the south to look further but it was gone. Just not there. It could not have traveled to low for me to see and should have come out from the trees in about another 10 seconds from when it went in. It didn't! I looked around alittle longer and kept searching around when I drove to the east but never saw another sign of it. I am a Truck Driver for CCX co. and am 51 Years old. I have never seen anything like this and I consider myself to be level headed and with a good reputation. I am only reporting this hoping that maybe someone else saw it better than me and saw where it went or how it vanished. We are not very far from Picatinny Armory, around 6 miles away.;40.8701;-74.6566
