Went out to smoke, heard segulls, looked up, saw random orange ball move quickly like a shooting star and make a big angled curve.;2013-10-18 00:00:00;30 seconds;Went out to smoke, heard segulls, looked up, saw random orange ball move quickly like a shooting star and make a big angled curve. I had just laid my Son down to sleep and went outside to smoke a cigarette. I had noticed that there was a flock of seagulls above and they were being pretty loud.  It was dark outside but I still looked up anyways to see how many of them there were.  There was a tree in the center of my vision that covered most of my vision but in the corner of my left eye I saw what I thought to be a shooting star, so I immediately focused on it.  The moment I focused I noticed it was an orange dot pretty much, it went straight like a shooting star but then it did a really wide curve at a very fast speed.  Almost immediately after that it was gone.  I posted to Facebook asking if anyone else had seen it and it turned out someone I hold to their word had seen it too.   Throughout the night I have gone out and stared around the same spot and seen nothing.  But I know shooting stars, satellites, airplanes, and this wasn't one of them.  Planes follow a course and it's very unlikely you will see it turn suddenly or even come close to turning how fast that did.  Shooting stars burn bright and move quick and dissapear in a straight fashion.  Satellites are pretty tiny lit up dots that you watch move slowly and count for points against your brother when sleeping outside with no tent. I've waited many years to finally get a glimpse of something and I believe tonight was that night. Take it or leave it.;44.9947;-123.0147
Flying lantern looking thing.;2020-10-24 21:10:00;1 minute;Flying lantern looking thing. Was a flickering light traveling horizontally at double the speed of a typical aircraft. Had no sound. Looked light a very bright oil lantern flying through the night air. Was orange in color.;44.9947;-123.0147
