Two bright lights hovering and then accelerating.;2007-09-09 22:00:00;Aprox 7 Minutes;Two bright lights hovering and then accelerating. Was just outside, around 10pm my time, having a smoke and looking up at the constellations. Watching for shooting stars and satelites like I always do. Out of the corner of my eye I notice 2 bright white lights that are sitting right over my head way up in the clear sky. They are a little ways apart, but definately sitting right next to eachother. My first thought was Why are there two super bright venus's right over my head tonight?. I just wasn't comprehending what I was seeing. It shouldn't be there.  So, I am watching these two very bright stars that have never been there before for about 2 or 3 minutes when suddenly they start moving! They go north a bit. Then they stop. The one on the left stays put and the one on the right takes off! It goes North a bit more and then stops, winks out.. I'm thinking I'd lost track of it at this point. But no... it lights up with this brilliant white light, fades out for 4 or 5 seconds, travels and then positively pulsates with brilliant white light... goes out for 4 or 5 seconds, lights up again. It eventually gets too far north for me to see and I lose track of that one after about 2 more bright pulsations.  The one on the left is still hovering, after another 30 seconds or so it fades a little like it gained altitude, starts to move, and then... zip.. shoots off after the other one.  Neither object made any noise. As bright as they were I would have expected to hear something if it were any kind of conventional aircraft.  I am still trying to comprehend what it could have been. I was so awestruck.  I am an ex military wife and have done some government work. My husband is disabled and I am returning to college concentrating on the health information technology profession.  We live in the path of Salem airport and I am used to seeing air traffic and even some odd looking experimental type planes traveling north to south and back.  This was something I've never seen before. There were no planes within sight during the sighting.;44.9947;-123.0147
Formation of 3 reddish/orange colored lights flew over my house in a triangular formation.  ((anonymous report));2016-09-27 21:30:00;20 minutes;Formation of 3 reddish/orange colored lights flew over my house in a triangular formation.  Followed by another single light, then another.  Moving from North to south.  They seemed to be moving around the sky in a way that defies the law of gravity.  Not the first time we have witnessed this phenomena. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.9947;-123.0147
80+ white lights in Western Oregon Night sky ((Starlin satellites?));2020-10-15 06:00:00;8 minutes;80+ white lights in Western Oregon Night sky Night sky, clear, and 43f.  Lots of stars. I was at work, in the warehouse yard looking at the big dipper.  As my gaze dropped I picked up movement of a solid white light, no blinking, as you do when seeing a satellite. I even said to myself look a satellite.  Then I observed a second light, same altitude, and along the same path SSW to NNE. So I thought a military flight.  As I continued to observe, I saw a third, fourth and Fifth solid none blinking lights along the same flight path.  I then thought a whole military squadron.  I continued counting and I counted up to 80+ white lights or objects continue the flight path SSW to NNE. They kept a realitively equal distance apart, but several where grouped by twos and took on a closer wing man type formation.  Three changed direct to a more East flight path away from the rest.  I observed a point in the night sky that the objects seemed to appear out of a single point of blackness.;44.9947;-123.0147
