While observing a cluster of stars three stars swooped down and headed south at a great rate of speed.;2001-01-30 21:00:00;1 minute;While observing a cluster of stars three stars swooped down and headed south at a great rate of speed. While out walking my dogs on Tuesday January 30th, 2001 at about 21:00 I was observing the sky as I usually do.  I was looking at a cluster of stars to the west at about 55 degree elevation.  I know basically nothing about astronomy so I don't know what cluster I was looking at.  While observing this cluster three of the stars swooped down and headed south at a great rate of speed.  The best I can estimate the size at arms length was about one inch high and one and one half inches long. ((NUFORC Note:  Anonymous report.  PD));44.9947;-123.0147
Watched 3 lights in a triangle formation travel slowly and silently west to east across the night sky.;2001-08-18 23:15:00;5 - 6 Minutes;Watched 3 lights in a triangle formation travel slowly and silently west to east across the night sky. Some time between 11:15PM and 11:30PM Saturday night, August 18th, my sister noticed that a few of the stars overhead were moving.  We had been relaxing on the backyard deck, watching shooting stars along with my wife, father and father in law.  I couldn't think of any reason any of the non-shooting stars would be moving and asked her to point them out.  She did and said she was a little bit freaked out.  There were 3 lights about the same apparent size and brightness as an average star.  They were moving in a triangle from west to east and seemed very high in the sky.  None of the lights were pointing in the direction of travel  they seemed to be moving with what would be the bottom of a right triangle at the front.  They were traveling slightly slower than a satellite.  A satellite would be the closest thing I could think of to describe this phenomenon but I've never heard of satellites traveling in formation (perhaps they do?).  In retrospect I don't know if it was one object or three, it didn't strike me as a single object at the time.  Had we not been looking directly at the stars for some time we would definitely not have noticed them.  They were silent and if they had stopped, would have been blended in completely with the night sky.  Very unspectacular compared to the shooting stars we'd seen all night but very unnerving.  You had to watch them for a few moments to fully realize what you were seeing.  We watched them travel across the sky for 5 or 6 minutes and they disappeared behind the tree line. ((NUFORC Note:  Several similar reports for the evening on this date.  We suspect the objects may be the three satellites that have been reported to NUFORC on many occasions, and which we believe are part of the U. S. Navy N.O.S.S. satellite system.  PD));44.9947;-123.0147
Unidentified black triangle hovering parallel to River Rd N in Keizer for several minutes, then disappears.;2017-11-29 20:21:00;3 minutes;Unidentified black triangle hovering parallel to River Rd N in Keizer for several minutes, then disappears. While heading north on River Road North at 8:20PM, I observed a dark object above, while traveling in front of the Keizer Arby’s.  At 8:21pm I clearly observed an unidentified object while on the phone in my vehicle. This object looked like a car sitting above a business, as in it had 2 lights which appeared like headlights. As I continued to travel northbound the object appeared larger.  It seemed to be sitting or hovering above Pizza Hut then father north above Walgreens.   As I approached the Keizer Walgreens, I continued to watch the object as it came into focus above ABBA auto body and Keizer Avamere.  It was here that I saw it clearly was a trangular black shape. The triangle appeared to be 1/4 mile above just the street, but definitely below the clouds.   Just above Keizer Avamere, I noted the triangle on one point appeared to be the front of the object with 2 “headlights” and a faint red blinking light in the middle - almost on the center of the triangulated side. The object continued to hover for about a minute in the same place directly above the apts behind Keizer UPS.   I then turned left around the block on Lockhaven to attempt a photo or stop to better identify this triangle shaped object.  As I pulled in front of the Keizer post office, I saw clearly the rear of the object as the flat side of the triangle, and it sped south as it was nearly directly above the new home of Waremart. This triangle was black and roughly the size of a Tesla automobile.  It traveled very quickly south and disappeared within about 20 seconds.  It appeared hazy before disappearing. I observed this unidentified triangle object for nearly 3 minutes, while driving.  It was hovering and made no sound when the window was down. I have been experiencing a headache since this encounter, which may not be related, but no other logic exists for cause of said headache at this time.;44.9947;-123.0147
Seen a triangle shape with lights on it something came out of it and dissappeared.  ((anonymous report));2017-12-30 05:20:00;10;Seen a triagle shape with lights on it something came out of it and dissappeared. ((anonymous report));44.9947;-123.0147
