A quiet light apeared to observe us as we were coon hunting near the river.;2004-12-04 23:30:00;30 min;A quiet light apeared to observe us as we were coon hunting near the river it seemed atracted to our spot lights as it would follow us. me and a good freind of mine were coon hunting near the river about seven miles from the town that i grew up by. it was strange because we had been hunting for a couple of hours and on what should've been a good night of hunting we had not seen a single animal at all. i mean not a deer, a rabbit, a coon, anything at all wich is just unthinkable in the area that we were. we were walking through a field shining our lights up at the sky when we first saw this light coming towards us. it was probably aprox. 1 mile away when we first saw it. it apeared to be following the river just above the trees. it seemed to move at a pretty good speed weaving with the river like no aircraft we had ever seen as it aproached us, stopping approx. 200 hundred yrds away from us where it just kind of hoovered there as if it was watching us. it was a bright orange light that kind reminded me of like a street light. it had kind of a halo around it like a street light wouldit was difficult to judge its size as it was very dark out that night, but it seemed to have substantial size to it. it hoovered there for probably 10 min as we sood there and kind of watched it as it watched us. we really didn't know what to think at first. it made no sound at all. after about 10 min of standing there we started walking towards it and as we mooved closer it would back of and keep about an equal distance from us. we shined our lights at it but never saw any object outside of the light. after about 5 min of us shining our lights at it it seemed to move away from us stopping about a 1/4 mile away where it stopped and again appeared to be watching us. we then decided to hunt our way back to the car witch was about a 1/2 mile away. it seemed to follow us for some time after that even for a couple miles after we were in the car. it then just vanished behind the trees as we drove away. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.9864;-95.48
