Spotted UFO, then object let out blinding white light, then shot off into the sky leaving a trail of fire like a astroid.;2006-07-21 04:15:00;5 minutes;Spotted UFO, then object let out blinding white light, then shot off into the sky leaving a trail of fire like a astroid. So im on my way to work at like 4:15am or so driving down a deserted road heading south towards Coolidge. Well, the sky is awesome, you can see tons of stars, I was just blown away at how clear it was. So im kinda glancing around as im driving, and spot this little off-white light out my left window that is moving, like an airplane or whatever. Well, it doesnt have any flashing lights on it or anything, and its not really moving that fast at all. Well, I keep an eye on it for a few minutes, figuring that it's probably a satellite or something that is low in orbit and can easily be seen because of the clear sky. Well, next thing I know it emits an extremely bright white flash of light that lasted about 1/2 second, and I dont mean like a spotlight on a helicopter, it looked like a flash of lightning, extremely bright, and extremely big, it made a circle pattern, and was so bright that it actually reflected light off of my windshield. Then that thing shot off, and made a trail of fire in a very sharp streak pattern heading Southeast at an upward climb. Kinda interesting, reminded me of Star Wars when they put it in hyper drive or whatever they call it.  Im sure it had to be something un-earthly, because there are no planes, satellites, or meteors that do those things, however, I suppose it could have possibly been a military project or something of that nature.;32.9969;-111.3612
Glowing Sphere over roof tops at Merrill Ranch in Florence AZ;2020-12-31 19:31:00;4 minutes;Glowing Sphere over roof tops at Merrill Ranch in Florence AZ Driving on our way home in the early evening on Hunt Highway southbound nearing the Florence Hospital. About 1.5 miles away after passing the butte formations, my wife and I immediately noticed a glowing orange-red “jelly bean” shaped sphere hovering over the southern end of Merrill Ranch Sun City residential development near the Police and Fire Station. We have a lot of air traffic in the area for PHX and nearby AZA. The AZA air traffic is mainly student pilots flying light aircraft at about 5,000 feet (night and day) right over Merrill Ranch and are easily heard from their engine noise and located with their lighting. So when we saw an aerial object not making any noise and stationary it has a high strangeness to us that cannot be ignored.  The glowing sphere was so out of place due to its very low altitude, color and lack of noise such as a medical helicopter would make from the Hospital or an Army Helicopter from the nearby military reservation. Normally the Army Helicopters would fly much higher, i.e., 3-5,000 feet AGL. As I made a left turn eastbound off Hunt Highway to a side street. My wife reacted with mounting concern because the object was not moving and it seemed to get a little larger as we were closing distance to it.  So I slowed down to about 10 MPH and she rolled down her window and stared at it for about 30-40 seconds looking south and it was silently stationary at 75-100 feet above the roof tops. We noticed that there were a lot of dogs barking in the neighborhood. At the time we thought it was due to coyotes running through the neighborhood, but in hindsight it may be related to the observed object.  At this point she had the only view of it and told me it decreased its color temperature to a dull rusty red color and then just disappeared.  We were 800 feet down range from its position and It seemed to notice that people were observing it. I have had a prior close encounter in November 2020 and this object may be the same one from November. I will report that separate. The weather at Merrill Ranch was clear skies, some low level dust/haze, cool temperatures in the upper 40’s with light and variable winds from the northwest at about 5-15 knots. I am a former U.S. Military Service Member with combat experience and my wife is a career management professional. The event left both of us with an uneasy feeing, that something so quiet could silently creep through a populated residential area virtually undetected.;32.9969;-111.3612
