5 amazingly bright  light objects in  bright redish/orange  October sunset. in  IOWA.;2010-10-05 19:00:00;1 hour;5 amazingly bright  light objects in  bright redish/orange  October sunset. in  IOWA. Two of us witnessed 2 bright lights in the bright redish/orange sunset.  The lights to me had a bright glow that i have never seen in my life and im 37, from Iowa, seen beautifull clear skyes and all kinds of things in them day and night not once like that.  We were driving to Badger Creek on a gravel road. Then we noticed 2 more.  Then one more. there was also 2 small jet lines that faded and a black thing that appered to be maybe a hellicopter flying towards them from the north looked like it went under one and the just disappered .  Closest location point would be Going west about 5 miles south of I 80 and 10 miles east of U.S. Highway 169 and driving to it on i think, 120th ave(?). Started seeing them from about 10 miles east of hwy 169 After about 1 hour of watching them appeare and fade out like going behing clouds but no clouds then re-appere slightly changing from circle to oblong, not all 5, but all would change positions mostly they  patterned this.   ! .   , '    ' ,   The first 2 that we seen were to the right of our view and then 2 to left and the 5th one was a little more to the left.  They would fade out not at the exact time but close and fade back in, in new positions. Didn't know if were plains at first, then knew not, thought, too bright. They never got closer or farther away like standing still in the sky untill we realised that for a brife moment thought it could be Armagedon but we didnt die. Once 2 faded and  didnt,t see them but seen 2 lighs in the trees  but thought they coulnt  be in the trees. Dont know. They then re-appered one at a time back in about same position (was 2 from the left side of our view and the trees were ferether left. Tryed to use cell phone to capture them on film but the lights wouldnt show up in camera or video mode on any settings. After sun was about compleatly set they disappered and that was it, seemed to be all 5 at same time not sure. By that time we had slowly been ! driving and stopping by then were about 2 miles from U.S. high! way 160. With-in about 5 to 10 minutes after they were gone another big, maybe Armey helicopter, came from the east. The Des Moines Airport and military base would be the direction it came from.  We just know it had to be UFOs.  We arent UFO belivers but we had not one possible explanation and we went through every opption possible.;41.5238;-94.0272
