witnessed an unidentified flying object that moved in a motion not capable of conventional aircraft ((NUFORC Note:  Possible star??PD));2005-08-02 01:45:00;20 min.;witnessed an unidentified flying object that moved in a motion not capable of conventional aircraft saw it out my bedroom window woke the wife. both witnessed a triangular-shaped craft east of jackson county. movement was swirling, with the craft appearing to pulsate from bright to dark. three lights made up the triangle, with two on the botton and one on top. it was great! looked at it through binoculars but there was too much motion. saw several planes appear to approach craft, but on lower flight paths. the craft had movement NOT WITNESSED BEFORE. it would move slowly up, then to the side, then arc into the bottom of a semi-circle it hovered quite often, but the up-and-down, side-to-side movement was telling of a craft that was not powered by conventional means. through the binoculars, it appeared to have a glow surrounding all sides, but again, this was hard to tell because of the shaky nature of the hand-held viewing. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the witness may have been looking at a celestial body, possibly a twinkling star.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP FROM WITNESS)) follow up on talent, Oregon sighting a follow-up to my report early this morning: the craft is similar to the Lake Ontario illustration that appears on your home page. also, i was struck, after thinking about this sighting for many hours now, that the craft appeared to have the ability to cloak itself by diminishing its light intensity, appearing as any normal star or planet in the sky. in fact, when i woke my wife, she said, it's just jupiter. indeed, it appeared orange in color, but upon further observation, it clearly showed several light sources of ornagie-white light that gained in brightness up to five times its lowest light-emission level. i have to say this: i'm a journalist and my father worked for NASA i've always looked forward to the day when i would see something that was clearly a UFO. this was such a sighting. unfortunately, i have to believe this was a military aircraft. i say this because its movement was so random, there was no possible explanation for an extra-terrestrial craft to move like this, because it had no order, no apparent purpose. it appeared to be going through maneuvers. again, the movement of this craft was something i have never seen before. i watch the night sky quite often, and i've seen satellites and the ISS, and none of those sightings compared to this -- this was clearly a type of craft with a propulsion system well beyond contemporary jets. finally, i failed to mention this. at the very end of the sighting, as the craft appeared to virtually dissolve into the horizon (i had to look away from it to see it in my peripheral vision), it wobbled back and forth at a supernatural rate. back and forth very quickly until the night sky overtook it. good luck on this one, sir.((END));42.2372;-122.7779
it looked like something of a V shape entered the atmosphere glowing.;2011-09-20 20:45:00;35 sec;it looked like something of a V shape entered the atmosphere glowing. My girlfriend and I were sitting outside with the porch lights off, I noticed a brighter than usual shooting star, and I said to my girlfriend  ooh babe a shooting star she turned to look and we watched an object of a V shape turn from glowing orange to a dull amber slightly lighter than the night sky.  We watched this object flying very fast.  To us it appeared as if something was entering the atmosphere then continued flying with no lights of any kind.;42.2372;-122.7779
