Something odd scared the hell out of me and I swear to god it was real;1996-01-15 02:30:00;30 mins;Something odd scared the hell out of me and I swear to god it was real It was late early a.m. I had just gotten off work and had been home for 1 hour or so. I made a snack watched a little t.v. and then proceded to bed. Upon lying in bed for awhile with my head opposite to the window, I began seeing lights reflecting/shining on the wall. They looked similar to an ambulance a fire truck or police. Some kind of emergency vehicle. I remember thinking what the heck is going on here. I did live in a very rural area at the time and I know I didn't hear any noise of sirens relating to an emergency vehicle. I remember lying there wondering what was going on. As far as I can remember I looked out the small window and saw nothing out of the ordinary...No emergency vehicle. So I climbed back in bed. Tried to blow it off as nothing. I tried going back to sleep wondering what the deal was. As I was lying in my bed I began to hear odd little noises. Quiet and suble. Kind of like voices, but they didn't make any sense. I heard some odd noise at the back door, but living in the country didn't think much about it. Then I felt a un-easy fealing like someone else was in the room. I looked up and I swear to god I saw a figure, not much higher than my water bed. At very most the figure was 3ft tall. It was staring directly at me. I looked at it, and remember thinking I am not seeing what I am seeing. I also remember a sense of panic. I suddenly could not move. I remember trying with all my might to move, but I couldn't. I couldn't move, couldn't speak or anything else. And I also remember be affraid for my life. I was never more affraid at that moment than I had ever been. Now I grew up out in the woods and in the country. I have seen wild animals, bear...deer...etc. Many people out of the area would be affraid of ther own shadow...in the great north woods so it takes alot to scare me. But I froze and can honestly say that I have never been more scared in my life. I have mentioned this story to a few others and they just think I am full of it. I did mention it to a roomate the next day that was sleeping in another room that night and he told me almost exactally the same thing that I had witnessed. A little more vague, but with substantial similarities without me going into detail with him. Additionally no alcohol, drugs or any other chemicals or stimulants were abused that night nor any time prior to that event. ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.0009;-93.5924
