As I stood there the golf course was getting brighter by the second. About thirty seconds later an extremely large object appeared movi;1994-10-24 00:00:00;40 seconds;As I stood there the golf course was getting brighter by the second.  About thirty seconds later an extremely large object appeared moving over the townhouse in complete silence.  The object was somewhere between 300-500 feet above me.  It was triangular in shape with a large very bright circular disc in the front of it and two smaller but still large bright discs in the back.  Connecting the disc was a very dark (almost black) center part of the craft.  It was on a trajectory coming down to land on the golf course.  The craft was enormous, my guess would be the length of three or four football fields.  As soon as it went out of sight I ran from the deck through the dining room, kitchen and out on the deck facing the street.   I jump over the railing and headed towards the golf course.  As soon as I turn the corner I started to think that this may not be a good idea.  I stood there for a second trying to decide what to do. I returned to the house and grabbed a paper an! d pencil and sketched out the craft at the dining room table, I wrote down the exact time, lack of sound and described the craft exactly as it appeared.  The one thing that struck me very clearly was that whatever I had just seen was not of this world.   Nothing that large could move with absolute silence, there was nothing that large that could gain flight in our world. I had a hard time getting to sleep that night and finally fell off sometime after midnight!   The next morning I got up with absolutely no memory of having seen a UFO or any other unusual thing for that matter.  The kids and I had breakfast in the kitchen, they went on there merry way playing with other kids in the neighborhood, I washed my car in front of the house and it was business as usual.  Sometime in the early afternoon, I was going out to the deck facing the golf course and saw my my yellow legal pad with a sketch and words on it.  The second I saw the sketch of the craft it flooded back to me exactly as I had seen the night before!   To this day there is no doubt in my mind that I had seen a UFO.  There is no way that it was a weather balloon or some other questionable object.  This was some type of craft flown by intelligent beings that had technology that far outstripped anything that man had created.  The memory to this day is so strong and the vision of this craft is so ! vivid that it will go with me to my death. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the source of the report does not indicate that fact.  PD));38.9577001788906;-77.3472699463329
