Bright flash, smoke trail, UFO drone, escorted airliner, hovering object.;2007-03-11 20:04:00;20 minutes;Bright flash, smoke trail, UFO drone, escorted airliner, hovering object. On March 11, 2007 me and my wife were driving west to Guelph and were on the 401 at about the Yonge street marker when i first told my wife... look ...there appears to be a military exercise going on ...due to the fact of many hot vapour trails high up in the sky WESTWARD.   I then immediately pointed out that  there was one  ODD  smoke coloured trail that ended abruptly which looked like something got shot out of the sky.  As we approached Highway 10 or so we saw a blue white strobe lighted line going from south to north...however, nothing was visual except the lights.  I immediately suggested that this is a remote drone of some sort.   it hovered in the northwest over the Halton hills for about 5 minutes.   As we approached Erin Mills parkway we encountered a very bright flash in the vicinity of the delta Hotel, many other motorists saw this flash....which was only about 500 feet up.  cars breaked to get the visual, which lasted about 4 seconds. It was way too low for a meteoroid, meteorite.  As we passed highway 25 things got very interesting....I noticed a very unusual light signature in the sky which wasn't a plane....it was a looong streak of bright spot light.  I told my wife immediately that this wasn't  A PLANE ....well it WASN'T.....we pulled over on highway 401 near cambellville...and watched the spectacle while others obliviously drove on by !   IT WAS A LARGE AIRLINER BEING FOLLOWED BY A SMALLER aircraft flying at subsonic speed.  never have I seen this formation before, both planes were separated by approx. 1,000 feet or so.  In a clearly lit path.    My assumption was a Command plane and a fighter escort, but no supersonic jet boom.   I am assuming my observations were correct...a military , spy or drone exercise was carried out over southern ontario at dusk on march 11, 2007.  the telltale signs were the odd vapour trails which were clearly visilble when we were over toronto.   The drone observation and bright flash took place over  Mississauga, with the last of the! vapour flash right over Erin mills parkway and the 401.  whoever else saw this please post...this wasn't a normal occurance as i am well educated with the night skies.  I was initially pointing out Venus to my wife when this all unravelled.    Our friends saw this bright flash from all the way down in detroit.  something was going on.  At 8:24 Pm, this double plane escort was headed southeast direction, under the cover of night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
