Second identical sighting;2009-05-11 22:51:00;6 mins;Second identical sighting It was a mild clear night, with hardly any clouds when I stepped outside to have a cigarette. As I stood outside, I was facing North and noticed a bright light moving across the sky at somewhat fast speed relative to my position on the ground. The light caught my eye from the Western sky and moved from west to east. The light was bright, white and seemed to grow and diminish in intensity several times during my observation. It's path seemed straight, made no noise, and bore no navigational lights. I had observed it's path as being approximately 20 degrees elevated from the horizon, and traveled a very approximate altitude of 10,000 feet. It may have been higher, but that would have meant the craft would have had to have been quite enormous. It's flight made it from the Western sky horizon to the Eastern Sky horizon until I lost sight of it behind some neighbours trees. The craft was just as illuminated whilst traveling from me as it was approaching me. At that altitude, my best calculation of speed would have been several times the speed of sound. Yet no sonic booms or vapour trials were evident. Incidentally, this is an exact duplicate sighting of the same craft I saw one night in Stewartown, Ontario with a number of multiple witnesses 6 years ago, one of which was a MUFON representative. It was an almost identical flight path, and characteristics as this sighting. I've ruled out any airplanes, test missile flights, or satellites/space station. This is truly an unidentified object traveling at great speed, and without any sound.;43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
Object seen in night sky in Milton, Ontario, travelling in multiple directions.;2012-06-30 22:37:00;3 minutes;object seen in night sky in Milton, Ontario, travelling in multiple directions. FINALLY!  That is what I said when I concluded that it was not just another piece of space debris or satellite. I was on the balcony, doing my usual observation of the night sky, as it was a clear beautiful night. The moon was high and bright, and there were fireworks going off at multiple points in the horizon, as people were already beginning to celebrate Canada day. During my scan of the night sky, I happened to notice what appeared to be a bright star, that I could have sworn was not there just a few seconds ago.  As I observed, it gradual became bigger and brighter. It then began to lose its luminosity, as it was moving north.  I was thinking it was a piece of space debris, as satellites have the same glow as they travel across the night sky, in a dead straight line, at a constant speed.  It soon came clear to me that it in fact was not a piece of space debris, as the object came to a stop, and headed back south. After all these years of soar necks, and countless time spent scouring the night sky for any form of activity, other than planes and satellites, it finally happened-  I was observing an unidentified flying object in space.  I finally was observing a UFO! In my immediate excitement, I called my wife to come out to the balcony and see what I was seeing. By the time she came out, it was gradually fading out as it moved further south.  We were both observing it until it had completely faded out of sight.  I knew it was not because of any clouds, as the immediate surrounding stars were clearly visible. About 1 to 2 minutes later, I finally saw the object travelling northbound again.  It maintained its level of luminosity, and rather than travelling on a straight path, was what I can best describe as swerving erratically left to right.  I followed it until it was no longer visible from my viewpoint. I am indeed very excited to have experienced my first UFO sighting. I hope my wife and me were not the only ones to have seen it.;43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
5 bright lights in a chevron pattern moving in a south easterly direction just before midnight, then stopped.;2013-03-05 23:42:00;1-2 minutes;5 bright lights in a chevron pattern moving in a south easterly direction just before midnight, then stopped. I noticed what I first thought was a star but it was moving in a south easterly direction towards me. At first I thought it might be the ISS as I've seen it before and this appeared to be at the same height.  As I watched I noticed 2 more the same size and brightness flanking the middle one, slightly behind it. I expanded  my gaze and  noticed another 2 objects even farther out and behind the second set.  5 in total.  They continued moving until they appeared to stop in their tracks. I know they were moving as I used a tree in the foreground as reference. At the time there was air traffic coming into the airport from a south westerly direction. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
