Very close encounter of a man-made aircraft with hovering abilities and a soundless propulsion system;1999-04-20 03:00:00;5 minutes;Very close encounter of a man-made aircraft with hovering abilities and a soundless propulsion system Hello, I am seeking answers for a craft that I witnessed in the Halton Hills region six years ago.  I believe that I saw what might be otherwise classified as a UFO, however I do believe that it was a man-made aircraft.  I had a very close encounter with this craft.  At the time, I was driving a Chrysler Reliant, and I was heading home driving up the Niagra Escarpment.  The night was very cloudy and a storm had just precipitated.  There was heavy cloud cover, and on my way up a long stretched road heading towards the mountain, I noticed two lights which at first I figured would be a low - flying passenger jet.  However, as I continued up the road, I was surprised to see that the two white lights were fixed above the mountain, and that the jet was much smaller than that of a passenger jet all together.  I was very amazed as I ventured further and steadily closer to this object which I then discovered was hovering at a fixed position.  It then came to my attention that I was about to witness a craft which no one in the public audience has witnessed before.  This craft was at such a low altitude that I lost sight of it while I rounded a turn and could not discern it through the tree tops.  After I rounded the turn, I could clearly see every contour of the craft...  it had just completed a nearly 180 degree turn in the same position... it had a cockpit, with small airleones at each end below it... it had delta shaped wings which came together at the end with a concave curve at the rear... the white lights were at each end of the wing tips.. I stopped my car directly underneath of the craft.  I opened my door and looked up at this craft which travelled less than 5 k/m per hour over my head without a sound.  As shocked as I was, I watched as the craft continued to move until I could see the rear of the craft once again.  Shocked and scared of being a witness to this craft, I drove away.  I write this email in hopes of some response which might explain what I saw.  I do believe that it was man ! made, be cause the craft had two green lights and two red lights on its undercarriage, similar to what is regulation of man made aircraft.  Its undercarriage seemed to have a carry cargo door which I honestly believed would have opened and lifted me inside as I was directly underneath it.  However, this never happened to my recollection.  I have never seen any plane which could maneuvere as this craft can, or hover without a sound.  Please, tell me what this is. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
