Strange hovering triangular craft man made;1999-10-11 01:00:00;Very long;Strange hovering triangular craft man made I saw a craft not very large but larger than a fighter jet hover in a singular spot relative to my vehicle for a long duration as I approached from a distance.  I was driving home up the Niagara escarpment that night.  I was fixed on this craft so much so i knew right away it was extraordinary.   When i approached the escarpment I actually lost sight of it in the trees, but the road was heading up and about to make a left turn directly under it.   And thats exactly what happened.   As i made the bend i witnessed the craft make a turn on a dime without tipping the wings.  It was hovering.   I drove slowly until i stopped directly under it.  I opened the door and just watched as this thing slowly went over my head.   I assume it was dead silent because all I could hear was really just the music from mu car stereo.  Anyways, it happened a long time ago but i will never forget.   I could draw it easily but i bet some high quality video footage would have made me rich.  It looked man made to me, but i cant see how man has not yet commercialized this technology by now. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
ok... this is my first online description of my experience..  I was driving home like normal, straight up Steeles Ave., Milton Area, ri;1999-11-14 01:00:00;2 minutes;ok... this is my first online description of my experience..   I was driving home like normal, straight up Steeles Ave., Milton Area, right through up the escarpment...  ok.. there are some railroad tracks on steeles avenue, about 15 feet after peru road.   That is when I noticed two white lights above the mountain to which I was heading to.  I continued over these tracks, at the time thinking this was just a low flying private airplane concerned about the bad weather.  At the time there were tornado warnings broadcasted throughout the area, mostly cottage countries...   However, it seemed to me that these two white lights were stationary as I headed towards them.  While I came between the 100 or so meters between my car and the object which separated us, I realized that this craft was indeed hovering in its position.................  now it is for real... i hate sceptics... i lost sight of this craft while I turned a corner on my incline up the escarpment... the trees were too high for me to see the thing... but once I reared the corner, I saw It in all of Its glory... OMG.. it had just finished turning around in a 180 degree fashion.. umm.. i crept up slowly.. it was right above my head and it travelled a speed of less than 10 K/M per hour...  I ducked my head out of the window and i noticed it made no sound at all.. fear.. fear is all i felt and i entered my car again and left the scene.. I wish I stayed longer to see what the craft would do, but I fled in fear.. fear.. fear....  I can draw exactly what this craft looks like.. there was only 50 feet or less between my eyes and the machine itself.. it has an elongated cockpit with a couple of mini wings on either end behind the standard cockpit seat... then there is an outstretched wingspan with a concave ending.. the tips of the wings have bright white lights upon them.. the underside of the craft is unmarked.. there are two rows of lights here, not as bright as the wing tips..   one side is red, the other green.. i do not remember which is where.. there was also some sort of bay door on the underside of the craft..... I was directly below this....  I dont know if they took me or not...  I would really appreciate however, if anyone has seen this aircraft.. I hear it can fly away at super speeds, something I did not stay around to witness.. I can draw exactly what this thing is.. if I had a camera... I would be rich i think..... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
Mind reading.;2008-04-25 00:00:00;Unclear;Mind reading Okay, so my brother and I were driving down the road one night around 12 o'clock a road we are very familiar with, when we see this Bright light as we drove closer to it we noticed the light get really bright and start pulsating.  As we drove even closer we noticed the object starting to come towards us I told my brother to pullover which he did shortly thereafter the object went right over top of us.   Silent for a minute, my brother and I in disbelief.  Finally, I said what was that, let's chase it Which we did we were young this was 25 years ago  This was happening in the countryside of the small-town we grew up in anyway we did a U-turn It was still in sight. We followed it  this was happening in the West End of town It took us to the south end of town still in the countryside using back roads we followed  This is when we saw the craft break into three pieces doing all kinds of different things At this point we're still in denial not sure what to make of this 4 more join the mix so now we have seven red dots doing all kinds of weird things in the end form two different triangles And then started moving towards the east which we followed and then lost At this point I'm not sure what just happened i'm thinking maybe we saw UFOs Now were on the east end of town in the countryside we decide to call it a night we drive through town we live on the west end of town right on the edge. As we get closer to home my mind is full thoughts I start thinking to myself if I saw what I think I saw they should be able to read my mind ? At this point I think I'm going to write it off as military activity or something so in my and I asked them to prove themselves to be over my house when we arrive As we approach the house there was quite a big UFO there I told my brother to stop the car I got out to look at it it was right above me. It was very big all I could see was the bottom of it It look like a maze of tubing so I can't tell you what it look like but I can tell you imagine you've never seen a car before and the first time you ever saw one you saw it from underneath the car that's what it look like Anyway within seconds it pitched off silent sounded like the wind maybe and was gone in like no time The weird thing is well one of them my brother and I both go in to the house without saying a word to each other he goes to his room I go to mine blown away by what we just saw I look out my bedroom window at the stars I see nothing but stars too restless to sleep I decide to walk a short distance to the 24 hours convenience store on the way back from the store I started thinking well they seem to read my mind once maybe they can do it again I know this parts crazy But I start thinking if you can read my thoughts I want to win the lottery this is no joke at this point I don't think I'm even legal to win I was only 17 years old the next day my brother and I were still blown away we called some officials to see if there was military activity in the area but we got nowhere anyway within a year I won the lottery I bought the ticket from that store. March 25, 1989. I haven't spoke of this story too much with people I can hear myself saying it sounds very crazy I know  A couple of years later in the hot tub with my girlfriend at that time I saw WhiteLight dart into a cloud waited for a minute I don't know why but finally said to my girlfriend did you see that without hesitation she said yes I saw that too. I have never seen anything since I thought maybe it's time to share this story I don't know why it doesn't change anything  I guess the point of the story is if you ever see a UFO Make-A-Wish;43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
