Super bright light moving from west to east, not too high and not too fast.;2003-07-24 21:15:00;7 minutes;Super bright light moving from west to east, not too high and not too fast. I was standing in a crop formation north of Milton, when all of a sudden I looked up and noticed a super bright light to the north west of my position. The light was circular and moving slowly from west to east. It was difficult to determine distance, height and speed, but it wasn’t really close or too high. I’d guess that it was at least a mile away, probably more, and that the altitude was somewhere around 3,000 feet. I could not distinguish a shape to anything that the light was connected to, nor could I hear any unusual noises. The light was very strange, in that it did not project very far from whatever it was attached to. The only thing that comes to mind is consider the shape of a hockey puck. Stand the puck on its end so that the flat sides are going left to right. Then turn the black rubber into intense white light. This was the shape of the light moving forward. The relationship of the width of the circle to the depth that the light projected was about the same as that of a hockey puck standing on its edge. When the light was almost due north of my position, it overtook what was obviously a small plane. The small plane had normal lights, and my guess is that it was heading to Brampton Airport. I could be wrong about this, but from my position, that was the direction it was heading in. I would guess the small plane was flying at approx 2000 feet. The bright light was half again as high as the small plane. This is why I estimate it to be around 3,000 feet.  If the small plane was cruising at 150MPH, the I would estimate that the bright light was doing maybe 160 or 170mph. It wasn’t screaming through the sky, it was taking it’s time. It overtook the small plane and kept on going. The bright light never deviated on its altitude. As the bright light moved more to the east at a certain point I could no longer see the light itself... it was just a glow continuing to the east. When the light was at the far eastern horizon, it was very feint.  It was on a path that took it  north of Pearson International Airport. The total length of time the bright light was in view was between 7 and 10 minutes. There is another NUFORC report for this same evening from Kingston, Ontario.  A couple reported a bright light attached to a triangle shaped craft, and there was a strange rumbling sound heard.  Their report was at 11:10pm. Kingston is a 2.5 hour drive from Milton.  I believe that these two reports are talking about the same unusual light and craft, from 2 different vantage points, and 2 different times.;43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
Near Appleby line, 3 bright white rapidly blinking lightsVANISHED, only to reappear further away moments later;2012-11-03 21:40:00;2 minutes;Near Appleby line, 3 bright white rapidly blinking lights VANISHED, only to reappear further away moments later Travelling north-west on Appleby Line, towards downtown Milton.  Off to the right (East) was something in the sky.  It was dark out.  The object was about 5 kilometres away and perhaps a thousand to fifteen hundred feet up (perhaps at 20 degrees rise from the horizon).  There were three bright white lights, each on for about a third of a second.  They took turns turning on in rapid succession.  The object had one pale white light on the whole time, about centered. Other airplanes were flying in the area, at least three were preparing to land at Toronto Pearson airport, 30 km to the East (they had their headlights on in the clouds as they approached overhead).  This was NOT an airplane.  It seemed not to travel in any direction.  Two of us saw this.  It then vanished.   A few moments later it appeared further away, maybe 8km? and at ten degrees to the horizon (just a hair above the faraway trees).  We were driving this whole time, then lost sight of the object. about 2 minutes elapsed. P.S.  Never have I seen questionable objects in our skies, but three times now it has occurred in the past four weeks!   And this time I was not alone!!;43.5141999999998;-79.8846592417062
