There are many sighting i have seen in my lifetime, there are even some that i have heard from my neibors out of the united states.;1996-12-12 17:10:00;varies;There are many sighting i have seen in my lifetime, there are even some that i have heard from my neibors out of the united states. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested that the source of the reports re-submit them, using one Online Report Form for each of her sighting reports.  PD)) My first experience was about 1994 in the country of Bolivia, it was about sundown, i saw very fast a cigar shaped craft with two bright white balls, one on each side in the sky, lets say, about the right side of where the sun would come down..Then i remember days later, my mother went outside in  the night, and she started to yell and we all came out me. my grandma amd a aunt, this white bright light was perfectly over us. Quite a far distance in the sky, but it slowly would get closer and then far again and finally after 4 minutes,it slowly faded out. The New Jersey experience  New jersey is a big surprise to me, i would never imagined i would see so many different crafts in a couple of nights or months..I was always a curious teen and would want to see something, but sometimes i would get to shocked, after the stuff i would see. My first time was after the sun would be down, i discovered that a lot of these things, i called them gods eyes, would appear right after the sun would come down and waiting minutes. I saw right up in the sky a boomarang shaped craft, it was silver colored and had a bright very blured light right in the middle outer part of the wings..Days later i would see the same one, and in others i would see perfectly two in a straight line flying together..There was no sound, and sense iam a only child, there was no one else... One day, perfectly in my backyard, the family was hanging around in the night.  My mother believes in these things and she pointed at the sky and yelled look!!  We all looked up and saw our first Triangulo shaped craft.  It had 3 blurry lights, one in each corner, it went slowly in the sky, in a straight line, it took about 2 minutes to cross the sky. My strongest one was during December, i know it was 1996.  I went outside to look for shooting stars. it was a clear calm night.I was probarly looking up about 12 minutes, when all of a sudden, i saw these 3 bright white balls appear out of nowhere, it was so fast, there was one the was flying straight and the other two were going crazy, zigzagging all around that one. Then all of a sudden, they calmed down and went perfectly next to the still one and formed a perfect triangle and flew together. It was very fast, about 12 seconds. I was in shock. There has been to many that i have seen, but i only mentioned what left me more surprised. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.6661503703704;-74.2151355555556
