Hovering air craft not making a noise over jersey tpk;2012-07-09 01:30:00;1 minute;hovering air craft not making a noise over jersey tpk i was driving down the new jersey tpk with my girlfriend and buddy. we were on on way to south carolina from massachusetts. we were driving on i-95 through the bronx and into jersey at about 1:30 AM. if youve ever driven this way you know there is a built up industrial park on both sides of you on the jersey tpk. well the three of us were just chatting and listening to music, when i see this bright light just turn on in the sky. i ask my friends if they saw that light turn on. my g/f said she did but my buddy didnt, but they both sure noticed it. this place now has lights everywhere, and i dont know why this light caught my attention like it did. we kept driving and trying to figure out what it was. first we thought it was a tower, then a plane. the thing we were thinking while still kind of far away was it couldnt be a plane the way its just sitting in one place. as we get closer and closer we see that it is some kind of aircraft, but a weird one. what we s! aw was something that looked something like a fighter jet but not. it had what looked like retractable wings, a tail end that looked kind of like a cross and a weird spoiler on top. it was unmarked as well with the cockpit area all grey out, almost like there was no cockpit. lets just say it looked like a jet but there were too many characteristics to let you know it wasn't, this &quotthing&quot was at least 150ft in the air just hovering right above us, NOT MAKING A SINGLE NOISE!!! i know how loud jets are i hear the often where i live and i know how loud the are even the there 500 ft in the air. there were no jet propellers underneith to make it hover there like it was. and i watch the military channel enough th know that a plane that low especially a hover craft is going to make some noise escpecialy one that is hovering 150 ft in the air. or at least make enough noise for us to hear. and in my personal opinion i dont think the military would be doing testing on aircra! fts that close to a city which is very sensitive to aircrafts(! nyc). if anyone has any answers please let me know.;40.6661503703704;-74.2151355555556
