While driving on Route 1&9 in Elizabeth Near Newark Airport I was looking at an airplane that was taking off on an upward incline. At t;1995-11-09 16:30:00;90 seconds ?;While driving on Route 1&9 in Elizabeth Near Newark Airport I was looking at an airplane that was taking off on an upward incline. At this time I spotted a white silvery oval shape that appeared to shoot out at a downward angle from the bottom of the plane. It went down then it stopped and shot upward then suddenly shot in the opposite direction at an unbelievable rate of speed.  then disappeared into the clouds. I belive the date is correct but I am not positive, If I find out otherwise I will write back. I am a Police Officer In Union County New Jersey. My Uncle who lives in Omaha NE was visiting and he needed a ride to the airport. I had the day off from work already so I decided that I would drive him to the airport. On my way home from the airport I was getting off of Route 1&9 and heading on to North Ave East right by where Dowd ave meets Division street in Elizabeth NJ(Hardly a stones throw from the Newark airport property)while stopped at a red light I looked to my left and saw a large airplane taking off on an incline going in a southwest direction. This was the same direction that I was facing. Then I saw a whiteish silveryish oval craft coming at a downward angle it looked as if it was something that fell off of the plane at first. The light turned green and I was in the middle of lots of traffic so I managed to pull my pick up truck up onto the curb and on to the grass. I stopped and continued to watch as the object fell then stopped in mid-air. It stayed put for a few seconds as the plane flew farther away. Then the object began to rise straight up and a few more seconds later it took off at an incredible rate of speed that was just breath taking. It shot up into the clouds and after that point I could no longer see the object but I stayed there looking up as many cars passed by looking at me as a sat there dazed staring up at the sky. There were some clouds but the rest of the sky was blue and clear. I don't know what else to include in this report. This is all that I can remember of that day. It was an incredible experience though.;40.6661503703704;-74.2151355555556
