I was standing in front of my house with my friends when the glint of something mettallic caught my eye.  I looked up and saw what I ca;1970-05-01 14:30:00;3-5min.;I was standing in front of my house with my friends when the glint of something mettallic caught my eye.  I looked up and saw what I can only describe as a disc reflecting the afternoon sun. I was standing in front of my house with my friends when the glint of something mettallic caught my eye.  I looked up and saw what I can only describe as a disc reflecting the afternoon sun.  I raised my hand and pointed at it while at the same time asking my friends if they knew what it was. We had no idea what it was but we all knew that it wasn't an airplane.  It looked like a silver dollar held at arms length except that it was the color of highly polished brass not silver. It had three antennae on top in the center with two of them set at 45 degrees of the third.  It moved silently across the sky from north to south at a right angle from where I was standing (my house at the time was on West Outer Dr. the second house down from the top of Washburn Cir. facing east).  My best guestimation would have put it over Highland View Elementary School (now the childrens museum) heading south across the front entrance of the Y-12 nuclear weapons plant.  I'm not one given to hallucinations and will have my pilots licence in 2-3 months which is why I know it wasn't a plane from the local airport,  but I would like any information as to what it could have been from anyone in the area who may have seen it.  My e-mail address is: ((deleted));36.013;-84.2624
Huge Saucer with lights seen, over Oak Ridge, hovered, lights changed, and suddingly disappeared .;1989-09-27 20:30:00;20 to 30 min;Huge Saucer with lights seen, over Oak Ridge, hovered, lights changed, and suddingly disappeared . Occurred during the time of my wife's birthday, when I was consulting for a Contractor at Oak Ridge.   While at the Y12 facility, after dusk, one of the employees after coming from his car saw a craft approaching the facility from another facility on that Government Campus.  He rushed in and told us to grab any cameras, and come out and see something spectacular.  Five were able to obtain cameras,  and approximately 40 to 50 employees, including guards saw the saucer.  It hovered almost over the Y12 facility for over 20 minutes.  It changed colors from time to time, and emitted light beams.  We five took many pictures from the basically same vantage point.  The Craft was much larger than a B2 Bomber!  It was estimated to be at least 400 meters from us for a time.  MUFON members were told about the incident, but they wanted pictures from daytime shots of a classified facility - which obviously are not allowed by the Government!  Since the film had to be turned over to the Contractor, and the Government,  the original negatives and slides are their property.  Afterward, some of the prints of pictures, and some slides, that were taken in the dark, which didn't reveal any clasified secrets were returned to the respective photographers.  When the FBI was questioned about the nature of the object,  they said they couldn't answer about the nature of the craft - since it was highly classified!.    Copies of some of these pictures were given to a book vendor at the 1992 or 1993 Eureka Springs UFO Conference, in exchange for some Bible UFO related books.  Also at the time, myself and an FBI Agent gave some of the pictures of Ball Lightning that I had taken over my farm north of Willow Springs, Missouri.  We asked the vendor, what he thought of the various pictures, and what he thought they were, and what he thought was their origin?  Pictures have been recently furnished to people at Laughlin UFO Conferences,  to ((e-address deleted)), The Museum of the Unexplained, and others inspite of some of the! m being published (1998)in Pleiadians from Alcyone.  (The pictures on pages 1 and 2 are  of the craft over Oak Ridge - which is not near Nashville, Tenn. but are of Ball Lightning north over our farm !).  ( The Pictures on pages 3 through 11, are some 35 mm slide pictures that I took, along with pictures that a Contractor Employee took with his poloroid camera, and two pictures were taken by another employee with a press type camera!)  By-the-way,  those pictures belong to the Gov't/Contractor/ and the employees were given permission to share them as they saw fit!  When one reads the referenced book, pages 12 through 27, they are interesting, informative, and make an interesting tale.  Is there a coincidence here with another similar sighting?   The bit about the photographer is very interesting.  I know nothing specific about Teygeta or Zeta-Reticuli-I, Alpha Centuri, Pleiadian Alcyone crafts!  So I did not create that story.   So what is the truth, it has to be scientifically investigated, and tbd.  I can only stay with facts as I understand them.  At the near end of the hovering of this spectacular, well defined, colorful craft  the craft lowered a portion with different lights, like from some type of antigravitics/ superconductive propulsion unit (that is attributed to be the opinion of some so called observers?),  and then the craft slowly rose, headed off in a northerly direction, sped up and suddenly (without sound), and like a bat out of hell lifted up vertically, rose speedily out of sight and disappeared.  Was this experience a projection or a Hologram, I believe not so because of the definition in the shots taken by the various cameras!    greetings- fj/bf;36.013;-84.2624
