Shooting star? Thats what I thought until....;2004-04-02 21:01:00;4-7 seconds;Shooting star? Thats what I thought until.... Approaching a gate to secure where I work, I drove towards it on the road where trees cover both side of road. As I put the vehicle in park to exit it. I seen a fireball type falling star, which started above me out of view but I happened to catch it once in it came over the vehicle and in view through the windshield. It followed the line of the road directly overhead. I thought I was watching a shooting start. It was blue in color and left a nice long blue tail as it streak down the sky. I would almost describe as a typical falling start, fireball blue with blue tail. I wasn't surprised at all since I have seen many fireballs over the years. I even began making a wish when out of my amazement the falling star had stopped falling and actually shot horizontily across the sky. When first observed, it was approx 90degrees overhead (directly overhead, very high like a typical shooting star)traveling from north to south. I was facing south with my vehicle. Apporx right in front of me (south) at about 30 degrees ahead of me the object shot due east and out of sight over the tree line. It never stopped but moved continusely. Like I said I was making a wish like you typically due when you see a shooting star and as I was near the end of my wish is when this star? just shot east. I am very confused as what I saw and never have seen anything like this before. I know what time it was exactly because the gate was supposed to be closed at a certain time. The duration of this lasted about 4-7seconds. I never heard anyhting but the crickets in the woods.;36.013;-84.2624
3 Fireballs slowly crossing the night sky in Oak Ridge Tennessee.  About 10 seconds long.;2006-02-27 20:30:00;10 seconds;3 Fireballs slowly crossing the night sky in Oak Ridge Tennessee.  About 10 seconds long. I was stargazing from the pool area of the Doubletree Hotel in Oak Ridge Tennessee on the 27th of February 2006, when I witnessed three fireballs flying slowly through the clear night sky.  They kept an equal distance from each other until the moment before they disappeared when one of the fire balls on the outside of the formation made a quick and unnatural turn towards the other two.  It was at that very moment when the three disappeared.  I tried to point them out to my friend but he was not able to see them.  I thought that I might have hallucinated it until I web searched UFO sightings Oak Ridge Tennessee. It seems that there were a lot of sightings from that area back in the 50's.  About me:  I am a 29 year old man who lives in New York.  I'm a photographer by trade.  I do not drink alcohol nor do I use drugs of any kind;36.013;-84.2624
