Bright xenon light streaks and zig zags for several minutes over Pound Ridge Reservation.;2000-06-30 22:00:00;5 minutes;Bright xenon light streaks and zig zags for several minutes over Pound Ridge Reservation. First I want to say that the Chicago O'Hare UFO report on CNN yesterday (1/5/07) was inspiring and it helped me discover your organization to share my story. At about 2200 hrs (10:00 pm) June 30th, 2000, I was resting in bed and gazing up at stars through 2 skylites in my home.  My home is situated on almost six acres of woods near  the Ward Pound Ridge reservation.   I suddenly noticed a bright, bluish white, xenon light streak into view and stop. It began to zig and zag, stopping briefly at the end of each zig and zag and going from one skylite to the other. Almost as if it was looking in.  I screamed to my husband to come see and he ran from the bathroom.   We ran to the north facing windows of our room and observed its zigs and zags over the tree tops, in the direction of the reservation, for several minutes.  It moved laterally, diagonally and horizontally  and always stopping briefly at the end of its movement.   Its size, as we observed it streaking over the treetops, was similar to a small plane's from that distance.  It struck us as very similar to a firefly and we wondered if it might have been a firefly but later we saw real fireflies and they had softly green glowing bodies, clustered around each other, and did not move like this bright bluish white light did.  Fireflies also did not suddenly streak off into the sky at the incredible speed that this bright light did when it was done doing whatever it was doing.    The light returned two nights later and we were able to observe it once more, now really amazed and acting like children we were high-fiving each other and yelling we saw a UFO! and it came back to visit us! The incredible speed that this light/object was moving at was truly unusual.  We've watched planes go by and I've even spotted satellites at night moving slowly  along the sky, meteorites, comets, etc, nothing moved like this thing. My husband is a successful advertising executive and has met and worked with many prominent individuals, including Buzz Aldrin and Jane Goodal.  I'm an artist,  with BA in Anthropology and Sociology (magna cum laude) and mother of three and studying to get Masters in Education to teach Social Studies to adolescents.   And we don't do drugs.   And no one should!  -);41.1903;-73.6362
