I saw a bright object that went on and off in 2-4 minute periods and,stayed in the same place for 3-4 hours.;2000-11-17 18:30:00;about 3 hours;I saw a bright object that went on and off in 2-4 minute periods and,stayed in the same place for 3-4 hours. I took a friend to a dance at the school.I was too old to attend so I sat outside of the building.This is were I noticed an extremely bright object.The object looked like a star however,it wouldstay onfor about 3-4 minutes thentun offfor 2-3 minutes.It wasn`t a plane because it remained in the same position for the entire 2-3 hours I was there.I`ve looked to see if I could find what I seen in the sky but,I hann`t seen it since. ((NUFORC Note:  Report seems reminiscent of a twinkling star, but that is a guess.  PD));43.098;-73.5046000000002
Two bright lights moving north accelerating at unknown speed.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS sighting.  PD));2009-07-10 21:00:00;3-4 minutes;Two bright lights moving north accelerating at unknown speed. I was returning home with my wife and children from visiting family in Saratoga Springs.  When we got out of the car my 5 year old asked if a bright light up in the sky was a planet.  It was a clear night so myself, my daughter and wife began to look up into the sky to star gaze.  I looked at the light again and realized that it had nearly moved behind a tree.  It did not blink so it could not have been a commercial airliner.  It stayed a yellow/white and was clearly very very high up in the air.  It moved due North very fast.  There were other commercial aircraft in the sky that night flying due south and north west.  At first it was travelling the speed of a commercial aircraft, but it picked up speed quickly and began to travel 5-6 times the speed of a commercial aircraft very quickly. It made no sound. As the light approached the horizon we looked up and saw another light moving in the same tragectory.  It was nearly exactly the same in all ways including speed.  I watched until each light had traveled over the horizon and was out of sight.  The entire event did not take any more than 4-5 minutes. The speed at which they accelerated was amazing, and I have been unable to stop thinking about it since.  My daughter and wife witnessed this as well.  I am convinced that it was not a satalite or asteroid/shooting star and was some sort of aircraft.  I am unsure if it was in the atmosphere or outside of it.  They were not satelites.  The most likely scenario is some sort of high flying supersonic aircraft.  The lack of any noise was the most shocking thing about the whole incident...until I saw the second light following the first. Can you find out if the military had any aircraft flying north at supersonic speed along the NY/VT border that night?  If they did not then I would call it a UFO just due to the speed, brightness of the light, consistancy of the light, and exact trajectory of each object. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of ISS.  PD));43.098;-73.5046000000002
