Bright Huge Object Changing Shapes and Colors;1990-12-09 01:15:00;5 mins;Bright Huge Object Changing Shapes and Colors At apx 1:15 a.m. on 12-9-90, I was in the den with my 15 month old granddaughter who was sleeping in a playpen.  I arose from the sofa to slip back to bed when a bright reddish orange triangle shaped object caught my attention in the night sky.  The blinds were open on the patio door and the bright light was first visible in the top upper left corner of the door as the bright object became descending toward me.  At first I thought it was a falling airplane but realized it was a UFO.  My glasses were in the bedroom so I turned and started yelling, There's something in the sky!  My husband and I met in the bedroom door and I told him to look out the patio door as I groped around in the dark for my glasses.  When I got back to the den, my granddaughter was on her knees in the playpen looking out the door where my husband was also standing and looking.  The blinds over the double windows on the left wall were also open (we lived in a rural area with few trees and no outside lights).  Through those windows, this huge object, changing colors, making a droning noise, was rolling about 30 ft off the ground and apx 20 ft from the house.  It was spectacular!  I thought it was crashing.  The shape of the object had changed from triangular to cylindrical but was all ablur with the changing colored lights and the rolling motion.  It went directly behind our house and three small white planes enterred it from different directions, very fast like bees.  As it cleared the small hill behind our property, it shot a bright green star at us that got larger as it came closer then seemed to just fade out.  We marveled over the event for a few minutes, and surprisingly enough, went back to bed and to sleep (including the baby) and didn't mention it again for approximately forty hours. This was reported in the Dallas Morning News on December 10, 1990, as a Soviet booster rocket plunging to earth.  However, their archived story is somewhat different from the story that was actually printed in the newspaper. We witnessed the event in Canton, Texas which is fifty-five miles east of Dallas.  The object was first seen in the southwest coming east then turned and headed due west towards Dallas.  It appeared to be propelled and not out of control.  It was an unforgetable experience!;32.5132;-95.9072
On January 18, 2009 at approximately 0:50 a.m. in Canton, TX in Van Zandt county I spotted an unidentified flying object. I had just st;2009-01-18 00:50:00;0:53;On January 18, 2009 at approximately 0:50 a.m. in Canton, TX in Van Zandt county I spotted an unidentified flying object. I had just stepped out side to have a smoke and was looking up into the clear night sky when I noticed a boomerang shaped object. The object was coming from the south headed north and banked and headed North East. I am not a good judge of distance but I would say it was about 200 to 300 feet up and about 50 feet long. The color was opaque. It was very well camouflaged against the night sky and I had to concentrate first to make sure what I was seeing was what I was seeing and second not to lose site of it. On the bottom of it I could make out 5 circles that appeared to have a slight glow about them. There were no lights on the object but the circles had the appearance like glow in the dark stars when they are dim. The object made no noise and move about the speed of a glider. The whole event lasted about a min. and a half and it just appeared to fade into the sky. I am not a pilot or expert in such matters. I am a computer repair technician. In fact I am somewhat of a skeptic but I did find my experience interesting enough that I thought I should share it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.5132;-95.9072
Boomerang shape over Canton, TX;2009-01-18 00:50:00;0:52;Boomerang shape over Canton, TX On January 18, 2009 at approximately 0:50 a.m. in Canton, TX in Van Zandt county I spotted an unidentified flying object. I had just stepped out side to have a smoke and was looking up into the clear night sky when I noticed a boomerang shaped object. The object was coming from the south headed north and banked and headed North East. I am not a good judge of distance but I would say it was about 200 to 300 feet up and about 50 feet long. The color was opaque. It was very well camouflaged against the night sky and I had to concentrate first to make sure what I was seeing was what I was seeing and second not to lose site of it. On the bottom of it I could make out 5 circles that appeared to have a slight glow about them. There were no lights on the object but the circles had the appearance like glow in the dark stars when they are dim. The object made no noise and move about the speed of a glider. The whole event lasted about a min. and a half and it just appeared to fade into the sky. I am not a pilot or expert in such matters. I am a computer repair technician. In fact I am somewhat of a skeptic but I did find my experience interesting enough that I thought I should share it.;32.5132;-95.9072
about five moving stars, not a meteor shower no shooting stars, to slow, airplanes apeared afterward.;2009-02-01 08:00:00;about 30 minutes;about five moving stars, not a meteor shower no shooting stars, to slow, airplanes apeared afterward. Last Sunday, it was pretty nice weather outside so I decided to go out on the porch. We live in a house with a lot of trees around it so I had to position myself just right to see the stars. I had been looking up for about 30 seconds and then I saw something that caught my attention. It appeared to be a star slowly moving across the sky. I could tell it wasn't an airplane and it was moving to slow to be a shooting star. I blew it off for a few minutes thinking my mind was playing tricks on me until I saw another one.  After I watched this one slowly drift across the sky, I raced inside to get my sister to come see this.  She walked with me outside and we looked up at the sky.  I explained to her what I saw and she wanted to go back in.  I told her just stay a few more minutes.  Sure enough about a minute and 30 seconds later, we saw another one!  We watched as i behaved just as the other two and then it disappeared. As we sat there a few more minutes we watched a few more pass over us.  We finally grew tired of watching and went into the house.  About 5-10 minutes later we went back out side.  We began watching the sky again and saw a number of airplanes now circling above.  We saw no more UFOs after that so we went back inside.;32.5132;-95.9072
