Two flashing lights following aircraft over NYC on the last night of the RNC 04.;2004-09-03 01:00:00;over 45 mins;Two flashing lights following aircraft over NYC on the last night of the RNC 04. Two balls of light following any aircraft traveling flying through NY air space. I was sitting at my window that over looks the NYC skyline on the last night of the RNC 04.  It was cool because there was like no air traffic all during the convention over the city, but this was the night of the last day.  It was a clear night and there were stars out, nice to see over the city.  Then I saw the flashing lights in the sky, blueish white, no noticeable pattern.  The objects would move a little bit but not too much, until another aircraft entered the air space in the general area.  These two lights seemed to escort every single jet that passed out of the area in some what of a formation trailing each other.  Once a jet liner flew over, probably a gov. plane, that was escorted by a fighter jet and was still followed by these two flashing lights.  Every time the flashing objecs would zip back to there positions over Manhattan.  I thought this was crazy so I had to go wake up my girlfriend to show her.  I had already been sitting watching these objects for over 30 minutes and she saw them as well.  She went back to bed I continued to watch them do the same thing over and over again.  They moved so smoothly and quickly through the sky it was amazing and flashed the whole time.  I know dying stars tend to flicker and sometimes seemed to be shooting stars but after every movement, north or south, they would return to their original position over the city.  From the time of this sighting and the location being the over Manhattan on the last day of the RNC, it is my guess that this was not alien but US military related in origin.  Whatever their origin, this was an amazing display of aviation.  I eventually became bored and went to bed with the objects still doing their thing in the night sky.  I don't drink or do any drugs so this was seen with amazinglly clear suprised eyes.  One of the coolest things I have ever witnessed.;40.7662;-74.0177999999999
