Green orb without streaking, incoming over Hudson River between NYC & NJ. A high-speed descent that looked like it was destined to cras;1997-10-23 22:30:00;4 seconds;Summary :  Green orb without streaking, incoming over Hudson River between NYC & NJ.   A high-speed descent that looked like it was destined to crash, but now flashes of light were seen.;40.7662;-74.0177999999999
12/23/12 - Large Object with Red Lights falls Extremely Fast from Sky To Hudson River (Weehawken) with ZERO explosion/noise;2012-12-23 20:40:00;4 seconds;12/23/12 - Large Object with Red Lights falls Extremely Fast from Sky To Hudson River (Weehawken) with ZERO explosion/noise 12/23/12 @ 8:40pm   Very clear night.  We had observed the moon in perfect clarity at about 6pm. Cold...35-40 degrees.  Wife and the kids and I were sitting in our bed watching TV.  There was a flash of red light outside so bright it lit up far bedroom wall.  Kids didnt notice and continued to watch TV. Wife and I immediately looked out the window towards the city (about 200 feet off the 1500 Harbor Boulevard Pier) and saw something moving extremely fast from the sky down to the water (whole event was maybe 2 seconds after the flash).  It had a bright red light on it (not like fire....like a beacon).  Size is difficult to determine.  It seemed large considering it was about 600 feet away from our window.  Maybe the size of a helicopter but made up of a much simpler design like two large iron girders (as seen when building a sky scraper) attached at a 45 degree angle with red light on one end of one of the girders.  Angle of descent was pretty much straight down (90 degrees). Seemed way to fast to just b! e something falling from a plane.  Seemed propelled.   I braced for an explosion.  I thought maybe a helicopter was crashing but there was zero sound.  Even if the object hit water, it would have HAD to make a loud boom with it's size and at the speed it was moving. At first wife thought it was a projectile (missile?). We ruled out fireworks because of the downward nature and lack of sound. I initially thought it might have been a piece of a plane....but no sound???....and its speed made it look propelled. Immediately afterward, we ran to window and scanned sky and NYC skyline.  I saw a plane high above moving Northwesterly almost right above us.   About 2 minutes afterward, I saw a ferry boat on the NY side of the river heading south towards us.  Went downstairs for different perspective.  Might have seen people on a boat at the marina. The boat slip was all the way at the end of the pier on the river. I saw lights on the boat but couldn't tell if there were people outside of it. It! was very cold so it seemed unlikely.  If there were people, th! ey would have HAD to seen it.  It would have only been a few hundred feet from them. We were very frightened by the event.  My hands actually were shaking a little.  I considered reporting it to the non-emergency police number as a possible aircraft crash, but decided not to due to the lack of crash sounds and subsequent lack of visual confirmation of a crash.  On morning of 12/24/12 (8am), we went in separate rooms and drew what we had seen.  Daughter didn't witness the object but drew based on our descriptions the night before.  When we compared, we were frightened at how they are almost identical depictions. 12/24/12 @ 1:00am  Same night.  Kids sleeping in our bed. Woken by wife bringing son to kids bathroom. I went into master bath to go to the bathroom.  No lights on in room or bathroom. Bathroom dark and has no windows.  Went to bathroom and upon exiting, noticed a green glow coming from jacuzzi bathtub.  I took a closer look and confirmed something underneath the plastic of the jacuzzi was glowing green (very similar to texture?/color of a green aurora borealis). It looked soft.  I could see it through the plastic and the glow was unmistakable.  The strangest thing is that it didn't seem to alarm or scare me.  I was very calm even though now it seems insane.  I looked at it for about 5 seconds and then walked calmly to wife in the other bedroom to tell her to come see it.  We slowly walked back to the bathroom (total elapsed time about 10-15 seconds) and looked in bathtub. Now I was shocked. The light was gone and the contrast of it now being dark and not glowing seemed to frighten me. It was like I wo! ke up to the realization that the light that was there before was completely unnatural. I knew that, unless there were indeed green lights under the plastic tub, that were somehow turned on for that short period of time, this should not have happened. I have no explanation for this event. I don't even have a hunch as to possibilities of what it was.;40.7662;-74.0177999999999
