Strange object with red and white lights appears from behind my woods.;2012-07-12 00:00:00;2 minutes;Strange object with red and white lights appears from behind my woods. Me and my son in law went outside to sit on our back deck when we noticed a strange red glowing infrared light coming from the back of my woods.  We stared at it for about 15 seconds trying to figure out what it was since we have no homes behind our little bit of woods.  All that’s behind them is a field of power lines that run for miles.  We were thinking maybe its an animal of some sort looking at us when all of the sudden we hear a very strange but loud noise coming from that area. We instantly in fear ran in the house.  The first thing I did was run to get my  flash light to shine in the back of my yard. It took me several seconds to grab it and go back outside.  As I shined it to the area where the light and noise was coming from.  We didn’t see anything so I figured what I saw needed no flashlight so I turned it off in hopes we could see the light when all of the sudden right behind the trees we were facing we saw these intense lights radiating through our tops of the tree line coming into a visible view for us to see.  It was a small craft with very bright red a white lights flashing around it in a circular motion.  This object was laying low right along our tree and power lines as it moved off out of our sight. There was no noise at all coming from it.  It just flew away in a sort of slow quiet motion.  It was flying so low that it could stay below the tree tops in the field we were facing where our view was limited.   As soon as it was out of our sight we ran down the road to look down the field in hopes we could still see it but it was gone. There was no time at all to even catch it on camera..  We were not expecting to see this since we originally thought it was something else in the woods and couldn’t believe my eyes. I’m 100% confident that I saw a UFO. The next day we went out to the area where we saw this strange light coming from and there is an imprint in the tall grass.  The grass is smashed down as if something was presse! d on it. This confirmed to me that what we saw in the sky was ! first si tting in my yard.  I’m frightened by this  and never in my life experienced anything like this.  I feel I needed to report this bizarre incident in fear this craft could come back.  Why was it in my back yard?  Creepy!;41.802;-81.0560999999999
