During a Hawaiian Huna training on the Big Island of Hawaii, myself and about 12 others in our group witnessed a formation of UFOs that;1993-07-15 21:00:00;approx. 1 hour and 15 min;During a Hawaiian Huna training on the Big Island of Hawaii, myself and about 12 others in our group witnessed a formation of UFOs that lasted at least 1 hour and 15 minutes. During a shamanic training on the Big Island, our group went to what is considered to be a sacred warm pond for what our group leader referred to as an spiritual initiation. During this initiation, all of us were bathing in the warm pond, pretty deep in the Hawaiian woods.  I think it was near Hilo, but I'm not sure because we visited many different sites considered sacred to the Hawaiians.  Some of these sites are called Heiaus, or ancient Hawaiian temples. Others in our group probably could give a better description of the events, as I was personally immersed in a process known as rebirthing with the instructor/shaman for what I estimate to be approximately an hour based on what another in our group said, which was prior to this sighting which I witnessed personally for only about 15 minutes.  (Rebirthing is a breathing technique considered to be a Western version of Eastern Yogic Pranayam.) Anyway, this rebirthing was done with my eyes closed, and so it was not until I came out of this process that I saw what the others in my group said they were watching for at least an hour.  I looked up into the sky towards the horizon above a mountain and noticed the stars blinking on and off.  I asked what was happening in the sky, or if I was seeing things, and the others laughed at me, saying they had been watching these UFOs for the past hour while I was undergoing this rebirthing process. I saw, over a mountain, a formation of several, I'd saw anywhere between 1 and 7 at any one time, lights that looked like stars.  They sometimes blinked on, and sometimes off.  They sometimes changed colors (blue, red, white, green), and they moved into various formations including a triangle and a square, and sometimes just blended into the sky to appeared to be star constellations (with the exception that the stars would turn on and off and occasionally move to different positions). The instructor of the group, whom some consider to be a kahuna (Hawaiian term for Keeper of the Secret), told us that the government was working with Grays in that area in that mountain, and that that was a known base.  They told me they knew where that base was (inside the mountain), but it was not wise to go and visit it.  I don't know if any of that is true, but I just want to give you some background.  Perhaps it seems nuts.  That's fine. But, I saw what I saw, just as I described.  It was the only encounter I ever had with anything like that, other than seeing a mysterious green light over the ocean at night in Hawaii that seemed to just move across the water and back.  From what I understand, many people have seen this and call it the green flash.  Anyway, I was kind of in an high state of mind after this breathing process, and when I saw them everybody laughed at me.  One person laughed, Peter's baaaack!  I pointed up at these stars and said, The stars are disappearing!  The others just laughed and one of them said, No kidding.  We've been watching them for about an hour!  I thought it was amusing how they (the UFOs) seemed to be putting on a show for us and I remember exclaiming, They're playing with us!  Anyway, they disappeared from the sky, just blinked out a few minutes later, and that was it. I have to add that our group used no psychotropics as it might seem by such a sighting.  At no time did any of us.  We followed a strict vegetarian (organic) diet, mostly fresh fruit and nuts for the during of the training which lasted several weeks.  We were all of very clear mind and were not delusional by any means. What this was, I don't pretend to know.  But, I am sure they were not meteorites, nor swamp gas, nor aiplanes, nor helicopters nor anything man made, due to the precision with which they moved, and how swiftly they moved into such precise patterns.  At times, many of the real stars in the sky seemed to just disappear, like they just got blacked out, and then brought back, and there was no cloud cover whatsoever.  It was the clearest night you could imagine.  The whole experience was extremely strange to me, but our group just sort of went with the flow and I don't remember much talk about it afterwards. So, that's what I saw.  Probably old news being that it was in 1993, but I figured I'd share it just in case others on the island, or elsewhere witnessed anything similar.  If you find that there has been anything similar from others, I'd appreciate a call.  I'll call you back on my dime.  Thanks, and keep up the great reporting. By the way, I bet that warm pond is the best place to experience ongoing sightings if you just ask a Hawaiian elder to direct you to it.;19.7060344380405;-155.092790778097
