Rectangular Object Twice Size of 747 Seen by Two;2002-11-10 13:30:00;5 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  Our gratitude to Paul Nahay, and the Fund for UFO Research, for submitting and sharing  this report.  We have left the indicated URL in the report here.  The complete report by Paul Nahay can be seen at the URL indicated above.  PD)) Rectangular Object Twice Size of 747 Seen by Two BTW, your click here to see examples page is invalid: http://www.msatech.com/nufor/webreports/ndxe199410.html  Account is at: http://pnahay.home.sprynet.com/ufowitne.htm I attempted to remove names etc. from the above account, in the following: Sunday, November 10, 2002.  We were driving south on Rt. 295 in New Jersey, and were maybe a mile north of Exit 31 (Lawnside, NJ). We were returning to Maryland and Virginia.  I was in the front passenger seat, and it was approximately 1:30pm..  Driver saw something to the left and ahead of us, and called my attention to it it would have been in the southeast quadrant of the Rt. 295 and White Horse Pike/Rt. 30 interchange (Haddon Heights, NJ).  I got to see it for perhaps at most about three seconds I feel if I had gotten to see it for even a few more seconds, I would have been able to decide more definitively how anomalous it really was. What I saw was a large, dark rectangular object, oriented horizontally, just above the trees, about 1.5 miles away.  It was the length (left to right) of two of my thumbs held at arm's length, and it was about 1/4 as wide (up/down) as it was long (this estimate of thumb width was done later, not at the time).  It was either black or very dark gray, and it was somewhat fuzzy in its outline, in a way I can't quite describe it looked strange, unlike anything I've seen before.  We were currently driving down a hill, thus the object, which I happened to see as the bottom of it just started to go below the treeline, continued to descend below the treeline (being on Rt. 295, we couldn't stop or slow down, of course).  The driver, who saw it for a few seconds longer, said she thought it was moving horizontally and downward, very slowly I had the impression it was moving downward as well (since WE were moving horizontally and downward ourselves, it made it hard to discern how much of the object's motion was from it, versus us, but we both had the impression that it was moving itself, but very slowly).  We had our windows closed, so we would not have been able to hear any sound from it even if there had been any.  It was definitely not an airplane, nor a conventional blimp, and certainly not a helicopter there were no wings of any kind, nor anything hanging down from it, such as the cabin of a blimp.  Had it been a human-built craft, it had to be landing, and quite slowly (far more than any plane could), and it appeared to be going down in an area that was fairly dense with trees. We were startled enough by this sight that we pulled off at the next exit, Exit 30 (Lawnside, NJ), which was only about a mile ahead of us.  Of course, it was impossible for us to tell exactly where it had been, but we drove though an old residential area to about where we thought we had seen the object.  Naturally, we saw nothing.  We pulled into a large shopping center (the one having the tall tower with the White Horse on top no, the object we saw was NOT this well-known landmark that I knew even as a child growing up in NJ).  We looked around the skies in all directions, saw nothing.  After looking for about seven minutes or so, we got back onto Rt. 295 at Exit 29a, and continued southward.  For the next ten minutes, I kept looking out the back window of Sue's car, scanning the skies for any object, but saw nothing (not even any planes).  The weather was a bit chilly, but the air and sky were very clear, with visibility of (I would guess) tens of miles, with some very high clouds. As to the estimation of the size of the object: it was the length (left to right) of between one and two of my thumb widths, held at arm's length.  My thumbs are approximately 2cm wide the distance from my eyes to my thumbs, approx. 60cm.  Using simple geometric proportion, the following table estimates the range of possible lengths of the object (ObjectLengthInMiles=ThumbWidths*2cm/60cm*MilesAway): Thumb Widths (2.0cm): 1.0 1.5 2.0 1.0 Miles Away 0.0333 0.05 0.0667 1.5 Miles Away 0.05 0.075 0.1 2.0 Miles Away 0.0667 0.1 0.133 Taking the middle estimates of 1.5 thumb widths, with the object being 1.5 miles away, gives us a UFO length of 0.075 miles, times 1600 meters/mile equals 120 meters, with the range being between 53 and 213 meters.  The 747 jets that NASA uses for the space shuttle program are 71 meters long, so the middle estimate puts the object at being 1.7 times the length of a 747.;39.8795;-75.0671
