Sliver or Dark Grey Colored Boomerang With No Lights Or Sound;2003-11-08 20:30:00;15minutes;Sliver or Dark Grey Colored Boomerang With No Lights Or Sound On Nov 8 approximately 8:30 - 8:45PM. My family and I were outside looking and taking some photographs of the lunar eclipse just above us in a northward position when just under the eclipse I seen a really strange object that apperaed to be just drifting out of a hue of clouds. It appeared to be a hand glider & drift as a hand glider but it's shape was like the formation of wild geese flying. Like a giant silver or dark grey colored boomerang. You had to really focus & concentrate in order to really see it because it almost appeared to blend into the sky. It was big, and you could tell it was really high up. I then shouted and pointed it out to my family who consisted of my 17 year old sister and my 58 year old mother and we began to wonder what in the hell it was we had just seen. Keep in mind we live only a few miles from a very well known NYC airport so we can differentiate what is a small single engine airplane to a giant 747 because they fly right over our house. The object appeared to be at an altitude just guessing of say 9-10,000 feet up. There were no lights, no sound... just a steady drifting object moving southbound and then turning widely eastbound. With-in a few seconds the object dissapeared and we were all left stunned and amazed at the incident. We discussed what it might of been & we just chuckled at the idea and all agreed it might of been some soft paper that just might be lower than what we thought and we couldnt tell because it was just to dark. So we continued to watch the lunar eclpse when again for a second time, I had seen the same object but this time moving from west to east and I was still facing north. A close friend of mine came walking by and I stated look!! look!!! There it is again!!! and he looked up and he too was also amazed to see this strange and weird object. He stated what the f*$@ is that. Now for the second time with-in 5 minutes we seen the same thing and now we had another witness to confirm what we saw. The object only appeared for no more tha! n 60 seconds and I started along with my family saying it was a UFO. After the object disaapeared we just all looked at one another and we looked up again. No more than 3 or 4 minutes later you could hear & see a fighter jet or a some type of jet airplane with what I can recall blue and white lights flashing under the wing tips. It was moving at great speeds and at a higher altitude, also moving in the same west to east direction.;40.6805142857146;-73.8442247252744
