object hovering with two bright lights that made no noise and disappeared into a while puffy cloud type formation and glowed.;2008-05-29 21:57:00;2 minutes;object hovering with two bright lights that made no noise and disappeared into a while puffy cloud type formation and glowed. Last evening my husband and I were fishing at Lake McBride between North Liberty, Iowa and Solon, Iowa.  We finished cleaning the fish at the fish cleaning station near what they refer to as the “primitive campground” and we were leaving the park driving west when my husband and I both noticed two bright lights off to the right side (north) of our vehicle, they resembled headlights on a car and the were both pointing straight towards the park that we had just left (east, the opposite direction we were driving at the time of the sighting), up above the trees at approximately at 150-200 feet into the air.   We looked at each other and said, “What the hell is that?” And both agreed that we had no idea, but we knew it wasn’t an airplane or a helicopter because it was too low and it was just sort of hovering there.  He said to me, “Get out your cell phone and take a picture!”  So, I proceeded to get out my phone and I was starting to shake because it wasn’t very far above the trees and who knows what might happen— all I could envision was this thing changing direction and pointing its lights at our vehicle.   I rolled down the electric window on our vehicle, but before I could point my camera phone and get the picture, it lifted into what looked like either a very, very low cloud or a type of haze or dry ice looking puff.  There wasn’t any sound coming from this object at all, it was like dead silence. We could see the light within this cloud formation sort of glowing, but we kept on driving because he knew that I was scared and I think he was too.   I kept trying to look back at the location as we hit the main highway and headed home driving south on Mehaffey Bridge Road, but I couldn’t see anything from that point on, not even the glow. (We both agreed that we would take a lie detector test if nobody believed us.  It was very bizarre.);41.8087;-91.5088
