Triangular light pattern merged into one then vanished.;2001-08-15 02:00:00;approx 1 min;Triangular light pattern merged into one then vanished. This sighting happened at the end of last summer while myself and three others were walking along the street in our town opposite the highschool. Behind the highschool is a small mountain towards the east of the school it has a single tower with a red light on it and a road that goes up the mountain but the road is in the tree's and is not visible from town. At about 2 in the morning we were walking and I happened to glance up above the hill(mountain but pretty small) and saw two lights that were small but bright and easily visible. At first I thought that they were headlights from a car on the mountain but saw they were much too high to be the headlights and they appeared to be moving around in a manner that looked like they were circling eachother, I said to my friends hey look at that and we all looked at it. We said to eachother could that be headlights? but we all decided no definetely not because of the way they were moving , how high they were etc. after about 20-30 secs. the lights branched off into 3 in a triangular pattern and turned in a circle a couple of times before merging into one and vanishing. All four of us saw this, only one of us saw the a little bit of it because he was blabbering on after I was repeatedly telling him to look! look you idiot! finally he looked right at the end when the lights merged into one and vanished to this day I am pissed off at him becuase all he had to do was listen to us and look but he kept saying whatever you guys your full of shit but how was he supposed to know when he wouldn't even look right? anyway the other three of us saw the whole thing perfectly and this account is exactly what we saw, they made no sound and the way they were moving couldn't have been a plane, and a helicopter couldn't have made those light manouvers. We swear to god this happened to us. I was told by my parents to report this so that is what I'm doing should have done it sooner I geuss ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));54.4393666666667;-124.2482
