HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  The light grew brighter and brighter and it was engulfing the vehicle..;1991-09-08 22:45:00;unknown;The light grew brighter and brighter and it was engulfing the vehicle.. Date: Fall -1991  Time: approx: 10:45 p.m.  A couple were driving home to Prince George after a day's outing in Fort St. James. As they traveled along Highway # 16 east and passed a well known tourist spot called Bednesti Lake, the passenger, the husband's wife, commented to her husband about where a light was coming from? A white light seemed to be reflecting off the hood of their car.  When she first took notice of the light it wasn't all that bright, but what got her wondering was they were traveling in a totally darkened out area along the highway. As they drove along the light grew brighter and brighter. It was engulfing the vehicle. The husband started slowing down because the bright light was actually making it difficult to continue. The passenger got up the nerve to lean forward and look out and up to see where the light source was coming from. All the lady was able to see was a beam of light, or just a brightenss which had engulfed the whole vehicle at this point. She said it was blinding to her eyes and it stayed right with them.  The witness said whatever it was followed them for a number of kilometers down the highway. Finally, because it was exceedingly difficult to see where they were headed, the husband pulled the car over to the side of the road, got out and as soon as he did the light went out. They did not hear any sound at all. They even thought it was a helicopter when it first appeared, but got very frightened as it paced with them for so long.  When the couple finally arrived home safely, they got up the next morning, the wife turned on the radio and while listening in she heard a news story about a man who called the radio station to report seeing an unusual beam of light shining down onto the highway the night before. Of course, the man who had made the report had no idea what the couple had experienced.  This incident happened a number of years ago, but it was still very fresh in the ladies mind when she was telling me the story. The woman mentioned it was very overcast that evening. Even when the passenger looked up through the front windshield the light was so bright it was to hard to see anything. It was extremely difficult to know if there was a craft of some sort above them, if it was below or above the cloud ceiling. I was told it must have been a narrow beam as it did not light up much of the surrounding area, but mainly lit up the outside, and inside of the car.  I would like to thank the people for their report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));54.4393666666667;-124.2482
