Bright glowing ball;1995-09-15 22:00:00;approx 2 min.;Bright glowing ball This sighting occured in 96 when I used to deliver newspapers and I haven't gotten around to reporting it yet. After school everday I always delivered newspapers and the last house on my route(this is a rural area) was my friends and usually I would stay and play baseball or do whatever then bike back home late at night about 10-11 depending. the road I live on has tree's and my hoause has a field in the front bordering the road and the road down to my house turns right coming from my friends house (the highway). I was coming along the road on the straight stretch before the turn off on my road and was sort of just looking around daydreaming like I always did coming home and I happened to look sort of up and behind me to the right. I saw a large glowing ball that was gold like and had a ring around it like when it's foggy out and the moon has one around it I don't know what they're called. At first it didn't really click in what it was I thought it was the moon but I thought wait a sec, the moon's in front of me to the right and it was only about one quarter full so it scared me a little at first but I was biking along the staraight stretch(I first saw the ball at the corner to start the stretch)and biked all the way to the turn off of my road which was about 200-300 metres long. all the way I kept looking back to see if it was there every few seconds or so and it was all the way. When I turned into my road I looked up to the right it was still there, then looked down at the road for a couple secs. and when I looked up at it again I saw it shoot up into the sky like a flash and it was gone. I swear to god this happened to me. I have seen one other UFO in my life which was last summer and 3 other's saw it too but I will make another submittance for that as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We do not know whether it occurred in 1995, or 1996.  PD));54.4393666666667;-124.2482
White and Red sphere in northern British Columbia Canada;2003-07-24 22:45:00;five minutes;White and Red sphere in northern British Columbia Canada The sighting occured on the Teardrop logging road north-east of the comunity. I had stopped to watch a black bear at a rail crossing after sitting for while i noticed a silver object over the tree tops about 2km down the rail line. At first i passed it off as a star and continued to look for any more wildlife that may come out on the tracks in a different direction. I looked back in the direction where i saw the object but this time it was in a different place so i decided to pay attention to it. As i watched it it was moving back and forth across the sky and zig-zagging up and down while changing from white to red. It appeared to be getting closer to where i was sitting at the rail crossing. At this point i got a real uneasy feeling and got out of the area as fast as i could. One other thing about the night prior to the sighting was there was alot of wildlife thrasing around in the bush. I have stopped to watch moose and bears there before but that night it was unusually noisy.;54.4393666666667;-124.2482
