Silver Blue Light Observed doing spirals, zigzags and other movements in sky.;2010-08-05 22:30:00;30min;Silver Blue Light Observed doing spirals, zigzags and other movements in sky. August 5, 2010 at 2230 hrs was outside of residence a rural area, approx 4mi SE of White Swan, Washington. I was sky gazing trying to see if there was any of the sun “tsunami” flare visible in the northern sky.  I didn’t see anything then turned to look at South sky.  I didn’t hear any helicopters, or other aircraft in the sky.  It was a very clear night, maybe some smoke in air from wildfires, no moon visible. Ages Female 49, Female 16. I am disabled Law Enforcement, have been both Dispatcher and Officer. Family has Law Enforcement background  I saw a light moving from East to West about mid sky, the silver light stopped and began moving in a zig zag motion then a spiral within an area of sky that could be covered by a 50 cent piece held at arms length. The light wasn’t as bright as Jupiter but not as dim as a satellite moving in the sky. I yelled for my Great Niece to come out and see. We stood there for 15 minutes watching the light. It would move in spirals, zigzag, and linear, then would appear to remain in one spot with a quiver to it. The light stayed constant in intensity never changing its brightness. I flashed my LED flashlight at it to see if any response but it did nothing, I don’t think my light could have been visible from any distance anyway. We thought of getting a camera to take a picture but our zoom isn’t strong enough and too dark for it to pick out any detail of the sky. Before going to bed at 0010hrs 080610, I went back out to see if light was still visible, it was still in the sky still doing its spirals and odd movements. Still couldn’t hear any aircraft that may have been in the area. Even the wildlife we have Owls, bears, and coyotes were quiet no real background noises other then from the open windows of house. The light was silver blue no real shape possible diamond, then possibly round. Was hard to tell when it quivered.  Just appeared to be a light that did not change its intensity. Was much brighter then the satellite that moved to its East from North to South that was barely visible to us. It was not as bright as Jupiter. The area of sky that it was in was in the Milky Way, in that band of bright stars. It was mid sky from the southern ridge of mountains to noon above us. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she struck us as being an unusually capable, level-headed witness.  We strongly suspect that her report is quite accurate.  PD));46.3716;-120.7453
Disappearing strobing spiraling lights that split into two lights!;2012-02-23 21:00:00;15 min;Disappearing strobing spiraling lights that split into two lights! A blue light appeared west of white swan slightly above the hill ridgeline. It would get very bright, then dissapear.  It came back a green color, got bright again, and dissapeared once again.  It reappeared yellow, split into two, and they began spiraling clockwise.  They formed back into one, and disappeared. At times it pulsed and gave off an enormous amount of light.  It was also in front of the clouds.  It eventually lowered in the clouds before the light disappeared. My girlfriend and niece were frightened by it and ran into the house and started crying.  Ive never seen anything like it.;46.3716;-120.7453
