It looked like a star, but then started moving, it zig zagged and went back the other way. We watched it for five minutes.;2004-06-20 01:15:00;5 minutes;It looked like a star, but then started moving, it zig zagged and went back the other way. We watched it for five minutes. At first it looked like a star, then it started moving. It moved very fast, then slowed down and turned around and kept going slow and zig zagged and went back the other way.  It would go so far or turn in a way that we would lose it and then all of a sudden it would be back.  It stopped and then moved halfway across the sky. It really did some unusual moves.  After five minutes it disappeared.;37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
Swirling, white orbs flying in random patters over Farmington Missouri.;2009-08-27 21:20:00;10 mins.;Swirling, white orbs flying in random patters over Farmington Missouri. At about 9:20 P.M CST, my fiancee and I witnessed as little as 2 and as many as 7 flying lights making what appeared to be completely random swirling patterns in the sky over highway 67 in Farmington Missouri. Objects were flying very fast, and in a very fluid-like motion.  There was no sound.  The sky was overcast and so the objects seemed to disappear and come back again at times.  One of the lights was brighter than the rest.  All the objects were bright white orbs.  The objects did not flash, and maintained a bright, white color.  I watched the objects for approximately 10 minutes before they completely vanished very quickly, one at a time.;37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
The flash, or streak, seemed very bright, brighter than the moon, with the intensity of lightning or an electrical flash.;2015-06-17 21:00:00;1 minute;Report received by the Missouri Investigators Group. http://ufomig.yolasite.com. Submitted by:  BBecker ufomig@yahoo.com   My experience occurred on the night of Wednesday, 6/17/15.  My youngest daughter and her fiance were staying with us from out of town that week, and they had gone out for the evening, leaving us with their dog, Mosby, a Yorkie.  My wife and I had been watching television in our living room.   I noticed that it was 9:00 p.m. Central time, or getting close to the top of the hour. Keeping with my routine, we made our way to bed to settle in for the night.  After quickly getting comfortable in bed, I heard Mosby bark.  We called him, but he didn't come in to answer our call, so I climbed out of bed and saw him setting patiently at the front door, which indicated to me that he had to go out.  I pulled off his diaper and hooked up his leash and took him outside so that he could take care of business.  I recall the weather conditions seemed uncomfortably warm and humid that evening.   I began to look at nearby house and street lights and I thought that it looked unusually haze. I then at the sky, and noticed the moon and a few stars. The stars seemed evident, but they too were hazy because of weather conditions.  I then looked nearly straight up over me.  As I was looking up, I saw a flash of light.  The duration was only a second, but since I was viewed it straight on and not out of the corner of my eye, I felt it was not a trick of the light caused by my eyesight or glasses.   The flash, or streak, seemed very bright, brighter than the moon, with the intensity of lightning or an electrical flash. It was silent.  It would be difficult to say for sure that it was streaking, as it was so quick, but the flash seemed to indicate a movement to the north (it was almost directly above, perhaps a little to my east).  The flash seemed defined in its edges, and not subject to the haziness of the other lights and heavenly bodies I had observed.  While I did not get the impression that it was close to the ground, it seemed large...I would measure the width of the light by holding my hand straight out above me, with my arm extended fully and holding our my index finger...the flash was the width of the tip of my index finger.   The length of travel seemed to be half the length of that index finger. It was so fast, I questioned as to whether I actually had seen this.  It did not seemed similar to any other meteor, comet, or natural object I have seen before.  It did not resemble any man made object with which I am familiar.  The flash seemed very similar to that of an object I watched for minutes back in the 1990's when I resided in Festus/Crystal city.   This object moved with intent, up, down, and sideways with great speed, hanging in the air near the ground, high in the air, until zipping off to the west with a flash...exactly like I witnessed most recently.  Because of my previous sighting, I feel strongly that the object I viewed this month was not viewed as it had been in motion, but had been hanging directly above me, and zipped away as I looked upward in it's direction.   After the sighting that night, I could not arrive at a comfortable conclusion as to what I viewed, and I decided it best to take the dog back inside.  Mosby had not acted out of the ordinary during this time.  My trip outside lasted five to ten minutes, perhaps.  I told my wife what I had seen, and we went to bed.  I mentioned it to my daughter the next day.   Later in the afternoon on Thursday, she read the news article on Facebook from Fox 2 news regarding the Affton lights.  While I found that video compelling, the only similarity between that incident and what I viewed was the time of occurrence. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our sincere appreciation to Barb Becker, of Missouri Investigators Group, for sharing the interesting case with our Center.  Any witnesses to the event desribed here, or any other UFO sighting from Missouri, are encouraged to contact Ms. Becker.  PD));37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
I looked out my windshield and viewed the craft headed west. It seemed quite large, a fireball, with no discernible flashing lights,..;2015-07-04 21:10:00;10 minutes;I looked out my windshield and viewed the craft headed west. It seemed quite large, a fireball, with no discernible flashing lights,.. Report received by the Missouri Investigators Group. http://ufomig.yolasite.com. BBecker ufomig@yahoo.com. I had spent the late afternoon, early evening, at my mom's house, with family, at Lake Timberline, Bonne Terre, MO.  I would not attend the evening's fireworks display there, as I had a prior commitment to walk my friend's dog by 9pm (my friend was staying out of town that evening...he lives just west of Highway 67 in Farmington, MO).  Because of my commitments, I was paying particular attention to the time.  I left my mom's house for Farmington by just before 8:30 pm, heading north to my friend's house, and arriving at around 8:45pm.  I took out his dog for a walk in the yard.  We finished by 9:00 pm, and I remember hearing what certainly sounded like very large fireworks going off in the east, toward Farmington.  I assumed it was their annual display.  As the dog seemed increasing nervous at the sounds, I took her back in the house and left for my home in Farmington.  I got on to Hwy 67 south, hung a left on Hwy H, headed east into Farmington.  I continued to hear the booming!  of what seemed to be Farmington's fireworks display, now behind me as I entered the city limits.  There was some traffic that had passed on Hwy H heading west, and I was looking ahead at another oncoming vehicle, when just over the treetops appeared what I initially thought was a small plane.  It is not uncommon to see small aircraft in this area as the pilots descend and make their way toward landing at the small Farmington airport.  I suppose my immediate thought was that it could be dangerous perhaps for a small plane to be out, at this time on the July 4th holiday, so close to a large fireworks demonstration.  The craft did not seem to be heading in a straight line, but sort of a bee line to the west-northwest.  It took only seconds to realize that there were no flashing lights or beacon on this craft, it seemed very low, but very large, glowing brightly in an orange-red hue.  I realized that this was unusual and I found my self startled.  Quickly, I glanced! in my rear-view mirror, saw not traffic behind me. I slammed ! on the b rakes, and backed my car up twenty or thirty feet into the nearest drive, and parked, with my car facing north. I looked out my windshield and viewed the craft headed west. It seemed quite large, a fireball, with no discernible flashing lights, as with a plane or helicopter. I whipped out my cell phone and attempted to film the light. As soon as I got the recorder operating, I realized that filming through the windshield could interfere getting a clean recording, so I exited the vehicle quickly, with the phone in my right hand. I stood outside the car, between the open door and the car, leaning on the vehicle to steady my hand. The craft seemed to have moved further to the north of me, and as I filmed, it ceased to move, and hung in midair. I looked like Venus would appear in the night sky, but was as twice as bright as Venus, burning in that orange-red hue. While I watched and filmed, it seemed as though the craft appeared as a V shaped, but I cannot! be sure. After minutes, the object began to move due north, disappearing gradually from my line of sight. I recall stopping the camera record feature on the cell phone, and climbed back into my car. I was excited to see what I had filmed. I then realized that only ten seconds of video existed of this sighting, ending as I began to exit the vehicle, with no visual of the light I attempted to film from the windshield. I thought perhaps I jostled the phone upon exiting the car, but I cannot account for the fact that I remember stopping the camera record feature on my phone when the experience ended. Because there was no video to prove what I had seen, needless to say, I was extremely pissed off. I drove the rest of the way home, and explained to my waiting wife, what I had seen. I put a post on Facebook at about 9:34pm, asking if anyone else had seen this. Surprisingly, only a few responded, and some with skepticism. I was probably ranting at my wife for hours abo! ut this. How can tens of thousands of people be sitting outsid! e watchi ng the sky, and no one saw what I had seen? In retrospect, and this is purely speculation, I was left feeling that this object was responding to the fireworks in town, stopped within a short distance to observe, and then tracked slowly northward. I was extremely agitated after this experience, and in the following week, I would go outside around the same time of the evening to see if this craft would return, and I could get another chance at filming it. Investigators Note:  Between July 4 and July 5 there were reports of  similar object in Missouri at Perryville, Hematite, Arnold, Columbia and Monroe City. https://goo.gl/maps/1BEnM.  Witnesses declined to file reports.;37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
