Last November I saw a black craft just above a tree in my backyard. I live in town and our sky is dark gray at night, so the craft was;2009-11-15 22:00:00;30 seconds;Last November, I saw a black craft just above a tree in my backyard. I live in town and our sky is dark gray at night, so the craft was visible to me.  Even though it made no sound and it had no lights.   It was the size of a large van or small bus.  It was blimped shaped sort of, but was not a blimp.   Please do not discount me for saying it appeared almost alive.  The back end was wadded & what frightened me the most, was that it had a flexible and moving feeler type object hanging underneath. I promise that I am being truthful.  The craft scared me sick.  There was something very wrong about it. It did not belong. I was awe~struck for approx. 30 seconds.  It was just passing over my roof in a southern direction, when I ran in the house to try to get my husband to come and see it. When I went back outside on the patio it was gone.  At the slow speed it was flying it could not have vanished from my range of view that quickly. I only took my eyes off it for about 20 seconds.  I wasn't going to ever report it, but only the other night a neighbor on the street behind us saw the same craft.  I never spoke of what I saw to anyone in this town.  So I know he saw what he saw and that his fear of it was as upsetting and justified as mine. ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) I am the person who submitted the ufo report from Farmington, Mo.  I realize my report may be deemed a hoax, because I gave no contact info.  My reasoning for not doing so, is that the craft I saw is unlike any I can find in your sightings reports.  I don't want to be perceived as a nut for seeing something that creepy.  A black craft with no lights or sound against a dark gray night sky.  With a swinging feeler type thing dangling beneath it, sounds far fetched and unbelievable.  A nearby neighbor also saw it recently, but I don't know him.  I only know of his account, because my son was walking by his house secconds after his sighting & the neighbor beckoned him over to tell him about it.  The know each other through our local National Guard.  I don't know him and don't know if he would publicly verify his sighting.  I would also like to add that on seveal occasions during the past year low flying fighter jets, have roared swiftly overhead.  Horrifying sound. I don't ! believe they are suppose to have practice drills over residental areas.  The first F16 we saw & couldn't help but hear, dipped and soared above our town on the same day that New Yorkers saw & heard the F16s flying over the Statue Of Liberty.  Last year.  I never believed the explanation that made the news.  Something else was going on that day.  Perhaps what I saw was a government probe spying on people, or a craft being manned by drug smugglers from Canada, ballsy Russians or Chinese spying on our country or even a craft not of this world. Who knows.  All I know is that it frightened me to death  & I do not trust my government enough to leave my name.  ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Time of the sighting is not indicated by the witness, but it seems to be a nighttime sighting.  We have assigned an arbitrary time above.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
Huge Fluorescent Blue Orb Much Larger Than The Moon.;2013-06-09 23:00:00;2 seconds;Huge Florescent Blue Orb Much Larger Than The Moon. At approximately 11:00 p.m 5 Correction's Officers working B-Side Yard at Farmington Correctional Center witnessed a brilliant occurrence in the southern sky which they determined may have been Saint Elmo's Fire. Storms were present earlier in the evening, but the sky was clear & stars were shining at the time of the sighting. It began as a splendid florescent blue streak in a zig zag motion. Resembling a line like on a chart. Then it produced a very huge (much larger than a full moon) florescent blue floating orb. None of the 5 had ever seen anything like it.  After much discussion on the topic that it may have been an ufo, one of the officers (a sailor) determined that it may have been St. Elmo's Fire.  All agreed that it should be reported to NUFORC anyway. As the wife of the Yard Sgt. I was elected to make this report. Even though I did not see it.  The 5 were to tired at the end of shift to report it themselves.;37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
Three horizontal bright white lights hovering in southwest sky at night.;2013-12-19 17:25:00;30 seconds;Three horizontal bright white lights hovering in southwest sky at night Had noticed a strange orb in the southwest for weeks.   Tonight while traveling home and during same time of each previous encounter something different happened.  Looking up at the orb that was in southwest at approx 22 degrees from the earth I noticed the bright white light was closer and then turned into 3 different bright white lights side by side and appeared to be connected to the same single object.   The orb then slowly dropped straight downward and then stopped at approx 15 degrees.   Then it dropped fast downward until it almost hit the earth and then shot off to the north quickly still hovering just above the ground.   We then lost sight of it into the trees.;37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
