Night visitations?;2009-10-02 03:00:00;unknown;Night Visitations?   My husband and I woke up at 7 am and he looked at me and asked if I was okay.  I told him yeah, why? and he proceeded to tell me that something happened the night before.  He knew that I have had at least 10-15 horrible nightmares about alien abduction since I was a child (I am 32 now and have been having these dreams since I was 6-7 years old).  He didn't want to tell me, but he told me to make sure I was okay and to go to the bathroom and take a shower and look over myself.  He was really upsetting me, I refused to go and look until he told me what was going on, and finally he told me that he had a dream that he woke up and something was holding him down and he saw something weird.  I told him it was just a dream and sleep paralysis. My husband is/was more of a skeptic regarding aliens and the conspiracy theories than I ever have been.  And he then said no, you don't understand, I don't have sleep issues, and I know what I saw.  He went on to explai! n that first he heard what sounded like shuffling around the bed.  The lights were off, but due to ambient light from a distant bathroom nightlight, he could see small shadows when he moved his eyes down as far as he could.  He said his first thought was to wake me up, and he couldn't move and he couldn't make any noise to wake me.  He said all I could do was move my eyes around, I couldn't talk or move or anything, it was scary as hell.  He said finally he was able to move his head down a little and when he did he said there was something the size of our son standing right beside the bed kind of looking at him.  He said when his head moved, this something jumped back a little, like it was surprised.  He said he then felt like something larger was in the doorway of our bedroom and he heard shuffling again like what ever it was, it was going away from the bed, and he fell asleep.  To let you know, our son was, at that time, had just turned 7 years old and was about 3'3!  - 3'5 tall.  He said that he knew there was more than one o! f these things in the room and, again, it was like something bigger was in the doorway he said to me.  I do not recall anything that happened that evening whatsoever. But my husband was so intent, he even bought a black light to inspect the carpet around the bed and got on his hands and knees to find anything that would prove it to me.  The strangest part of this was that we switched sides of the bed that evening for the first time in 7 years, because I told him I just want to sleep here.  I had no real reason why and I haven't done that since.  As a side note, my husband is not the only person who has told me this has happened to them while I was in the room with them, sleeping.  My father also explained to me that a few times in 1979, when I was a couple of months old, that demons came out, held him down to where he couldn't speak or move. He blamed it on my mother, now his ex-wife.  He said that once he was divorced from her, the demons quit visiting the house.  When they were divorced, I moved with my mother.  He told me that he remembered these demons holding him down a lot from 1979-1983 - 1983 being the year my mother left him.  My mother collaborated this story when I asked her.  I asked her if anything odd ever happened in her sleep when i was a baby / kid.  She said sometimes she would wake up scared and unable to talk but that it was just night terrors. My father told me this because he was trying to convince me that my mother was evil (bad divorce, even still today), and I personally and directly! asked my mom if she ever had anything weird happen to her while she was asleep around me.  Another time in 1994, my best friend was staying the night with me and claimed to be held down in her sleep.  She said she couldn't see me or hear me but I must have drugged her because the room was bright white, and she couldn't move or talk.  She was extremely upset because of how scared she was, and continually blamed me.  We were not friends after this because she truly believed I drugged her with something.  My ex-fiance also claimed that he was so sick he couldn't get up in the middle of the night - (we were both fighting a cold at the time). He said I couldn't move or talk or nothing and it was like something was holding me down.  He also said that when he could finally move that he got up to tell me about it, but I was not there in the house.  He said that I must have got up in the middle of the night to party.  But when he woke up the next morning, he said I was back in bed with him.  He even asked me what time I got back in that morning.  I did not leave and we fought about that.  I do have dreams about abduction, they are very vivid and I can recall a lot about my dreams however, I do not recall these dreams on the nights that I can remember that my husband, friend, and ex-fiance told me they were held down.  The details and information in these dreams are extremely odd to me - such as the texture of skin when they are holding my hand, a difference in feeling light/heavy, and information given to me.  The dreams have been nightmarish in nature because it's generally scary seeing these things, but things that happen in the dream are really not so bad.  Only once was the dream a complete, horrific nightmare and oddly enough, the aliens in that dream were different than the other dreams.  Is there any explanation for this?? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
This is not a sighting but a possible abduction. I have no memory of the actual abduction but do have missing the. This abduction also;2019-07-23 01:45:00;105 minutes;This is not a sighting but a possible abduction.  I have no memory of the actual abduction, but do have missing the.  This abduction also occurred 4 days before my 1st ever UFO sighting.  The UFO sighting had multiple witnesses as well.  I went to bed watching TV on my phone.  I do this often and charge the phone while I do it so it's fully charged when I wake up.  An hour and 45 minutes later I tell myself in my sleep that I need to wake up.  I just feel like I need to awaken and feel panicked.  I wake up and immediately reach for my phone.  But it's dead, but charging at 1%.  It cannot die on the charger?  And even had I not been charging it, it would not have died watching TV for only an hour and 45 minutes.  Even if it had died, how could it be charging suddenly?  I had an uneasy feeling like I had missed time. I have a guy feeling that I was abducted and grabbed my phone just as they took me.  They had me long enough my phone died. I was returned and my phone put on the charger just as I woke up.  I didn't really believe this until I saw an actual UFO a few days later.  Now I'm extremely nervous to be by myself now.  I also have had a strange and small bruise on my right armpit.;37.7759000000003;-90.4070999999986
