Saw a fast moving light that perfomed an instantanious 90 degree turn and disappeared shortly thereafter.;1973-03-01 06:00:00;15 sec.;Saw a fast moving light that perfomed an instantanious 90 degree turn and disappeared shortly thereafter. I was going to my car to leave for work at the hospital. As usual at night, I looked up to the stars for a minute. I noted a light coming from my left moving fast. The light continued until it was approximately overhead or slightly to my right. It then did an 90 degree turn to its left and continued until in disappeared a couple of seconds later. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
A bright and wavering light in the east.;2002-04-25 00:30:00;2-3 minutes;A bright and wavering light in the east. I was planning to view planetary alignment approximately 12:30/1:00am. I was looking east(was veiwing from window and the sky was perfectly clear))when I when I noticed an incredibly bright light in the eastern part of the sky.  I thoughtthat I had located one of the planets but after watching for a few seconds,the light appearedto be moving. I thought that maybe my eyes were not focusing so I stopped watching and tried to refocus.  The movement was quick and seemed to be wavering and moving in an upward/downward(occasionallateral movement) pattern--watching this movement made me feel a little dizzy.  The light was definitely not a planet or star.I thought about an airplane or the medical helicopter but this light did not move in the same pattern as a plane.  The light seeemed to stay in the same general area and the movement was quick and erratic. I went to get my husband and he also saw it briefly. It seemed to fade(into a yellowish color) and was gone. I have no idea what it was that I saw but it sure made me curious.;36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
A mysterous, and very bright lumanating craft seen hoovering  high over Clemmons, N.C;2008-11-16 18:00:00;approx. 50min.;A mysterous, and very bright lumanating craft seen hoovering  high over Clemmons, N.C We were looking toward the west, in the direction of Clemmons,N.C from Winston Salem, there in the sky we saw a bright light that looked like a bright star at first, but,while watching it, there were different colored luminous lights blinking white, yellow,blue,green,red mostly,and it seemed to be some kind of a round hoovering rotating craft,and would move slowly away for some distance, hoover again then go back to the orginal position this went on for about 50 to 60 minutes,then disappeared. I don't have a video camera, so, I couldn't take a movie of it, but,I did report it to Forsyth county law enforcement. I don't feel it was a local plane or helicopter anything around here wouldn't stay that long in one place,or move, then go back to where it was and hoover again It was 6pm and already dark when this all started. There are a lot of cell phone towers in this area. My son thought that maybe, that had something to do with it as he observed the object high in the night sky, he thought it was moving around high over the towers and one side of the object seemed to be emiting a total red light. I did see the red light as I meantioned before, I went into the house after observing for long while as it was too cold for me. I don't feel there isn't much more I can add to this.I am interested in learning more about the mysterous unknown ufo's. I use to be a skeptic, but, I now believe anything is possible, as I have seen a lot of things in my life that some people would consider impossible or crazy. A lot of people don't believe in bigfoot, but, I became a believer when myself and family had an encounter with one. I know it may sound weird or crazy but, could these ufo's have something to do with the bigfoot being here? It does seem strange that there a lot of ufo's and a lot more bigfoot sightings.;36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
Bright as a star moving steadily across the sky then rose in altitude and vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS over-flight at 21:57 hrs.  PD));2011-07-01 21:58:00;1-2 minutes;Bright as a star moving steadily across the sky then rose in altitude and vanished. At 9:58 pm tonight, July 1st, 2011, we were sitting on our deck looking up at the stars and noticed something unusual.   The sky is clear, no lights on the outside of our house are on and two of the three sides of our backyard are trees, so the stars are more visible than any a heavily populated area.    A bright light similar in color to the brightest stars was moving silently, faster than a commercial airliners and (we see planes with the flashing lights all the time) lower than commercial airliners across the sky in  straight path.   I stood up to watch this unknown object silently raise in altitude and the light faded and was gone before the horizon.  This even lasted between one and two minutes.  I was overcome by goosebumps over what we had both witnessed.   Prior to seeing it vanish I made a comment to my girlfriend ahh it's probably a government drone, who knows if it was that, a secret military plane or an alien aircraft.   Two things are in my mind indisputable, it was not a civilian or commercial aircraft, nor was it a meteor due to it's altitude, extremely bright light, speed and lack of flashing lights.   What was it?!?!?! ((NUFORC Note:  ISS over-flight at 21:57 hrs.  PD));36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
UFO sighting in Winston-Salem NC 8/25/12  at 21:00 (9pm eastern time);2012-08-25 21:00:00;10 minutes;ufo sighting in Winston-Salem NC 8/25/12  at 21:00 (9pm eastern time) I went to Winston-Salem in North Carolina today with my sister. Friday, August the 25th in 2012. We went about doing a number of things and had a nice time seeing the area. The last place we went to was Kranky's coffee (correct spelling).  It was between 9-9:15 pm, as we were walking back to my sister's car, I looked up at the moon. I am always looking at the sky, especially the night sky, as you never know what you will see. WHAT DID I SEE INDEED!!!  Lo and behold, next to the clear moon there were some clouds, BUT what made this view MIND BLOWING was the 8-10 lights that were flying around in an apparent dog fighting pattern, these lights were the size of planes in the night sky, I would call them orbs as they were round and had no shape as the eye could see. In fact, a plane was flying by into view for a frame of reference as this was happening.  They were dipping and weaving like fish in a fish bowl, all of them, like they were playing. After a while it was apparent that this was more of a game than anything else, as some would stop moving and others would be weaving around each other like an airplane dog fighting pattern/fish weaving around each other. On top of that, they would move, stop, then move at a quick speed, which is impossible for modern craft.  They also move, stop, then go perfectly in reverse, which is impossible as well! These couldn't be helicopters, as they were too high up, and moving and speeds too sharp and swift.  this was a beautiful sight to behold, and it wasn't far into this moment that I realized that I was seeing something that was very rare, and something that couldn't be easily explained away. My sister was the first witness with me, then she went into the car and sat down, as she was chilly and had seen enough, and frankly was probably spooked by it all.  Then I was looking for people showing up to the coffee place to say &quothey, LOOK AT THAT&quot to, and after about a minute of me watching in amazement, a group of 2 girls and one guy walked up. They saw me looking up, and began to look towards the direction of the moon as well. I said something along the lines of &quotwhat is that?&quot or &quotthat's pretty crazy huh?&quot.  Finally as they realized what they were seeing, they stood near me and were watching in shock as well. They were like &quotwhat is THAT&quot and &quotit's ufos&quot, and they were laughing in a nervous way of when you see something that is incredible and shouldn't be happening in waking life, it must be something strange indeed.  The guy said something along the lines of &quotit's bats and there's light from the moon reflecting off of them&quot, but I quickly countered, saying that they were too big to be seen from such a great height, and the movements they were making, coming to a standstill then moving in reverse, is impossible for them to do. TO which he replied &quotI know&quot, more or less saying &quotmy reasoning is maxed out and I don't know how to explain what I'm seeing to rationalize this to myself and these women I'm with&quot.  I joked saying &quotit must be swamp gas&quot, to which they laughed. I of course was referencing the explanations given by government officials when trying to explain away such events. They usually will try to explain such events as &quotnatural occurrences&quot, which usually to most of the time doesn't work sufficiently.  this continued for about 10 minutes total, about 3 minutes with my sister and I, then about 7 or so minutes with the 3 strangers and myself.  I took one photo and it had a flash, so it didn't come out well, though it does look like some kind of light ball is present. In hindsight I should of turned off the flash, take a bunch of photos, then worked with them to see if I could improve visibility, but alas I did not.  The saving grace is that this occurred with me and 4 different people! then as those people were walking away after the lights started to leave and there were less and less, I noticed other people at the coffee shop looking, just following what we were doing, so at least 1, maybe 2 other people saw this separate of me, which is great and makes this occurrence that much more than a chance of my &quotimagination'.  Seeing something like this, as I said to my sister, puts us on a short list, as it's not every day you see a real, genuine UFO sighting. Once in the moment of such an event, it is chilling, exciting and just plain awe-inspiring, as you realize you are seeing something that is beyond the scope of day to day existence.  Being north carolina, there is always the chance this was military testing, such as of the aurora space craft, which is supposed to be able to take off from earth and go all the way to the moon, though the physics these things displayed had a fluidity of fish in water, and a grace of fish underwater, which is best way to explain them, like fish at play, doing something of a delicate game or ballet in it's precision, with no moment of fear of &quotcollision&quot, it was truly stunning and if it's the only time I have such an experience, it will have made all the research I've done up till now worthwhile.;36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
My boyfriend and I was pullin in our drive way when we saw two lights which looked almost as spotlights moving in a circular motion abo;2013-07-12 00:25:00;5-10 minutes;My boyfriend and I was pullin in our drive way when we saw two lights which looked almost as spotlights moving in a circular motion above our house and then as we pulled into the top of the driveway it moved very fast across the sky to the left and then we seen four moving in circular motions very fast to form one then again and again that is how they were traveling.   My boyfriend got out of the car to make sure he was not tripping an we both seen the lights moving in circular motion over and over and so we pulled out the drive way and followed it and it seemed as if it was running away we followed it for almost a mile and a half and it was no spotlights, we turned around and it was following us back.   I got kinda freaked out and it was no more then 50-75 feet high and I know that it was there and when we got home took the baby inside and walked back out it was gone.  We walked back to the end of the driveway (with the baby) and no lights moving in the sky.  Someone also said on my Facebook they had seen the same thing not far from where I live. Idk that it was UFOs but I do know we followed it and the closer we got to it the more it would move away, and I know it followed us home as well.  Does anyone have an explanation for this because I feel like my whole life just changed it was amazing and the most weirdest thing I ever seen in my life.;36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
Bright light floating in sky.;2013-10-24 20:00:00;Dance practice;Bright light floating in sky. It was a big bright light hovering over us and tress like a yellow/clear then red light.  Everybody said what is that?  Like it really caught our attention.  It wasn't no airplane it really spooked us out.  Even my son saw it and we was tripping.  I asked him what did he think of it he said Ma, I don't know but it was no airplane I think it was a UFO and I said me too because if watching the channels on tv about the research and looking at pictures taken over the years.  So my mind automatically thought it was a UFO.  But back to the story it was getting big as if it was getting closer and like came down as if it wanted to see who we was then it flew back upwards and stand still.  Then it started to move in a slow motion flying away and disappeared in the air.  And for the record watching reporting's on tv and UFO sightings and discover channel etc I have never seen a black African American report a sighting and I want to say I/WE are the 1st to report a sighting I th! ink. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
Bright lighted object hovering around for about an hour.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Mars?  PD))((anonymous report));2018-08-17 02:26:00;1 hour;Bright lighted object hovering around for about an hour Saw a bright circular light in the sky.  It kept moving.  Was a different color than the stars.  More of a yellowish color.  It hovered in one area for about 20 minutes then started shifting further away to the right where it hovered up and down and to the left and right for about 45 minutes until it faded away.  It had colored lights beaming down in far distance for only a few seconds.  Heard dogs barking and a swooshing sound at the end. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.0549020721397;-80.2589434765933
