Two men see very bright light from sky, and then another flying object afterwards;2008-08-02 01:00:00;30 seconds;Two men see very bright light from sky, and then another flying object afterwards My friend and I were sitting outside of my house. The sky was perfectly clear you could see every star. We had all of the outside lights off and were just sitting there talking when a bright light, almost like a ball of lightening, shined through the top of the trees. It was very bright, and scared us a lot. We ran to the end of the driveway, about 15 yards, only to find no kind of air craft such as an airplane or helicopter to be visible. It was almost as if someone took a picture of us from the sky.  At first we thought it may have been lightning but considering there were NO clouds in the sky and we saw no other flashes of lightening we had decided we may have seen a ufo. Later, about five minutes after the burst of light, I was determined to see something else and I did. I saw a very quickly moving object, which looked almost like a shooting star fly over the top of us. I dont think it was a shooting star because it had two purple streaks of light coming from behind it as if it had wings and engines. The drawing from the sighting in Lexington, Kentucky on your home page looks very similar to what I saw, may have been the same thing.  My friend did not see this object, because by the time I could say look, it was gone.;33.9378;-83.5068
5 bright lights hovering in sky right about tree line;2010-07-15 23:00:00;10 minutes;5 bright lights hovering in sky right about tree line Me and a friend were walking outside at night and saw five or six round shaped, yellow/white lights silently hovering in the sky.  They were very bright.  The lights would fade in and out and sometimes slowly hovering up and down for about ten minutes until finally fading out of side.  They were right above the tree line. Time seemed to stand still during the time the lights were hovering.  Later, my brother came home and said he had spent the last 30 minutes driving around chasing UFOs in the sky and described the same exact lights.;33.9378;-83.5068
