Wedge-triangle shape transparent  dark cloud with entrails following movement.West to East over foothills of Joshua Tree;2010-09-05 21:00:00;3 seconds;Wedge-triangle shape transparent  dark cloud with entrails following movement.West to East over foothills of Joshua Tree ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9509016528925;-116.516939256198
Large, triangular shaped object with bright lights and no sound being chased by helicopters in Desert Hot Springs;2012-01-11 20:00:00;2 minutes;Large, triangular shaped object with bright lights and no sound being chased by helicopters in Desert Hot Springs I was outside in my backyard smoking a cigarette and checking my posts on facebook when I heard a helicopter approaching. I looked around to spot the helicopter, first looking at the sky towards Palm Springs and then to the east and west.  As the sound increased substantially, I then walked around to the front of my home. I looked up to the left first and saw a red light but at a quick glance I thought it was an airplane. At the same time two helicopters were approaching from over the mountains near Joshua Tree but coming from different directions. The helicopters, both, flew towards the red light. The red light then formed into mulitiple red lights and then became a solid object. As the helicopters got closer to this object, it ascended straight up vertically within a second. The helicopters stopped immediately. The object began to float and descend across the skies in a slow motion. I was yelling at the top of my lungs to get someone else to witness what I ! was seeing as I couldn't believe my eyes. I had to go back to the backyard to keep an eye on it as it went over my house. I opened the door to my house and yelled for everyone to come outside. I could still see it from my door, then I walked deeper into my backyard as I was still yelling. All of a sudden the red lights turned into a bright fluorescent, neon baby blue color. A couple seconds later it sped off south towards Palm Springs over the mountains by the windmills. It was so fast that the best way I can explain it is that it traveled at the speed of light. It literally disappeared in front of my eyes over the mountains. The helicopters proceeded to chase it in that direction. At it's largest, the object appeared the size of a football field and the helicopters looked like ants in comparison. I do not do drugs and was not drinking. I'm still in shock and trying to comprehend what I seen. I tried to record it on my phone but mysteriously my phone froze during the whole ! encounter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9509016528925;-116.516939256198
