((NUFORC Note:  Possible Iridium satellite sighting?  PD))  Small light brightens in night sky and then disapears.;2004-07-11 23:30:00;20 sec. About;small light brightens in night sky and then disapears. my brother has enterd a report as to what we saw on this website earlyer, but now i want to give my point of veiw. I had benoculars because i was attempting to see the brown mountain lights, but gave up as no spectacular display occured. My family and i decided to stargaze, as my brother has already stated. Three other witnesses were present. My uncle poited out a light in the sky believing it was a satalite, so i began to view it through my bonoculars. As i was following it i noticed it stopped. It then flared up into an increasingly bright white light. It was so bright i could no longer view it through my bonoculars. Looking through my naked eye i saw it dim down to it's original size and disapear. We waited at the area a little longer before leaving. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  Possible sighting of Iridium satellite.  Witness indicates the county is Boone.  Boone is the county seat of Watauga County.  We have amended the entry to indicate the latter.  PD));36.1355;-81.6996
A dim light seen at night brightened into an extremely bright light, dimed down and disapeared.;2004-07-11 23:30:00;2 minuts;A dim light seen at night brightened into an extremely bright light, dimed down and disapeared. My family and 3 others were at the brown mountain lights in noth carolina. Having not seen any dramatic displays from the lights we began to star gaze. We started looking for satalites in the night sky.  My uncle, who will remain unnamed, saw one at the far left of the sky moving right. At one point it began to flash an extremely bright light which lasted for about 20 seconds before it dimed down to its original size and then disapeared. The entire event lasted for aproxamatly two minutes. We stayed at the area a little longer and finally left to tell those who had not come.;36.1355;-81.6996
