Triangular fire balls in August evening sky;1977-08-14 16:30:00;1 minute;Triangular fire balls in August evening sky My brother and I were following my parents home from a church ice cream social on a Sunday afternoon in August of 1977. While traveling north on the Saint Marie road just outside of Olney, my brother and I noticed three bright orange fireballs in a triangular pattern moving up and down extremely rapidly in a zig zag pattern. The fire balls stayed together in the triangular pattern at all times. They were no more than 1/4 mile west of us, moving at least 500 feet up and down within a second or two.  We contacted our parents on our CB radio to ask them if they were watching what we were. They were watching it, too. Within a minute, the triangular fire balls dipped one last time behind a grove of trees and disappeared. My brother and I drove to where it disappeared, but there was nothing there. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));38.7369;-88.0793
Thought I was star gazing, but found out there were no stars.;2012-05-23 02:00:00;2 1/2 hours;Thought I was star gazing, but found out there were no stars. Sitting outside star gazing, and notice an object moving that looked like a star. Watched it and noticed its movement was not a straight projected path and it was almost dancing.  I began to flash my lighter in the air in hopes to make some sort of communication.  It would stop while I was lighting my lighter and as soon as I quit, it would make a real quick movement as if it were saying hello back. 30 mins goes by of watching and I see another one moving across the sky in the general area.  I watch for another 15 mins, then my buddy came over who was on his break from work and he noticed another one.  We shortly realized that their were roughly 25-50 ufos in the sky, with more creeping up on the horizon and they were all moving.  Then I noticed that every formation was some form of a triangle. Around 4 I see one ufo zoom out of the sky as if it dissappeared, it looked like a shooting star, but I watching it from start to finish. Around 430 I noticed the same! ufo i was attempting to make contact with was directly on top of me because it was the brightest one, thats how i noticed it in the first place. I ran around my pool several times and each time it would move where I would be.  Around 505 it was beginning to get daylight out but there were still a couple formations still visable, one being the first one I witnessed. I noticed that it was not just one bright light, but also had two dimmer lights that made a triangle shape, that I only noticed when there was more daylight.  I began to flash my lighter while waving, and did for a good 20 mins.  Every time I flashed and stopped, it would make its move back letting me know they see me.  But this time I got to see the full triangular craft in midflight.  The only way I can discribe its movement is just like the old video game astroid, the bright light was always pointing to the direction it was moving forward, but could also easily slide backwards. Around 515 am this one craft was! the only one remaining in the now blue sky.  I began waving m! y arms i n the air as if I was telling it to come closer, and it centered up right on top of me and began to slightly decline in altitude. It was visable enough for me to see the whole shape, sheer size, and its stealth, it made no sound. A little before 530 am, it began to climb back up into the sky and vanished. I thought I was star gazing to relax, but slowly figured out they werent stars;38.7369;-88.0793
