Black cylinder craft slowly passes over head.  At least the size of football field.;2015-04-22 22:00:00;5 minutes;Black cylinder craft slowly passes over head.  At least the size of football field. I arrived home with my two kids and my wife came outside to help us inside.  The sky was cloudy in patches when I saw the first two white lights moving slowly side by side.  At first I thought it was a couple of jets really high up but directly behind the lights were two more.  I thought it was multiple crafts at first.   Then I started counting,realizing this is a single object.  There was fifteen rows and between some sets a single light.  It looked like this  :  : - : : : - :::: on a long cylinder that was flat black.  At the slow speed it was moving it appeared to be at least the length of a football field and lights were on each sideline.   I held my hand stationary over a set of lights to make sure that it wasn't a star making an optical illusion with the clouds and the craft continued moving past my hand and through and just above low the clouds.  I tried to take video but I was so excited showing my wife I flubbed it. This was a truly paradigm changing sitt! ing! My mind is still amazed at the size of this thing;36.3445;-82.2015
Black cylinder craft slowly passes over head/at least the size of football field;2015-04-22 22:00:00;5 minutes;Black cylinder craft slowly passes over head/at least the size of football field I arrived home with my two kids and my wife came outside to help us inside.  The sky was cloudy in patches when I saw the first two white lights moving slowly side by side. At first I thought it was a couple of jets really high up but directly behind the lights were two more.  I thought it was multiple crafts at first.  Then I started counting, realizing this is a single object.  There was fifteen rows and between some sets a single light.  It looked like this  :  : - : : : - :::: on a long cylinder that was flat black.   At the slow speed it was moving it appeared to be at least the length of a football field and lights were on each sideline. I held my hand stationary over a set of lights to make sure that it wasn't a star making an optical illusion with the clouds and the craft continued moving past my hand and through and just above low the clouds.   I tried to take video but I was so excited showing my wife I flubbed it.   This was a truly paradigm changing sitting!  My mind is still amazed at the size of this thing;36.3445;-82.2015
