green light of varying intensity, speed and direction;2002-03-25 22:20:00;1 minute;green light of varying intensity, speed and direction One blue-green light of varying intensity--most of the time a faint greenish color, but occassionally becoming bright like one of those glow sticks, was moving about in the sky.  It was approximately 30 degrees above the horizon.  I had no ability to judge its distance from me, so it was impossible to say whether it was a small object within 1000 yards or miles away.  It finally dipped below the treeline out of sight.  My elevation was approximately 420 ft above sea level, and the hills occluding the object were higher elevation than myself. Its movement was odd--varying in direction and speed.  There was little wind where I was standing, at the park on the corner of Barrett Avenue, a block down the hill from Monta Vista.;37.9145;-122.3007
Dancing triangular light formations over California Bay Area;2011-12-31 17:30:00;Several hours;Dancing triangular light formations over California Bay Area Me and my girlfriend were walking around in the El Cerrito hills, admiring the bay from the high vantage point. While admiring some of the houses around us, we noticed a pair of lights hanging next to each other in the air over Berkeley (north of our position). Right as I was joking that the lights must've been spacecraft, a third light appeared above the other two, forming a perfect triangle.  We sat and watched as the lights very gradually moved around in formation, occasionally hanging in the same spot for minutes at a time, and then rearranging position.  After a while, the lights appeared to fly off over the bay, only to return again from seemingly nowhere. We attempted to photograph the lights with our phones several times to no avail. The cameras in our phones were just too weak to make out the relatively minute dots of light in the sky.  After the lights had finally faded completely, we began to walk down toward the El Cerrito plaza, only to see the lights again several degrees east of where we'd seen them before. The lights continued their dance in the sky throughout our walk from the hills to the plaza (20~ minutes). The lights presumably were still there when we went into the shops at the plaza at around 18:15.  At around 19:00, we noticed the triangular lights again, this time over Richmond (south of our position). We watched them sit completely still from several minutes, and then continued to the store to buy New Year's supplies. When we came out from the shop moments later (it as closed early for New Year's) the lights had completely disappeared from the skyline.  After witnessing the event, there were occasional (possibly coincidental) issues with our television and phone signals.;37.9145;-122.3007
