Very large glowing object and then some smaller ones;1974-06-01 10:00:00;15 minutes;Very large glowing object and then some smaller ones My UFO experiences   Although somewhat Old in the early 1970 era the Internet and Forums as this did not exist. My First what I would call unusual sighting was in 1974 at Lake O The Pines,Texa .  It was a Nice calm clear late evening night.  Somewhere about 10 PM I was sitting with my 1 year old daughter on the Porch of our motel at the fishing lodge there.  The motel was surrounded by pine trees some 70 feet in height and the road leading to the boat ramp was was right next to my cabin. A very large object totally lit up as if one bright light I could see no form of the object, this object was likely 300 ft or so above the trees, it appeared to be fairly low.  It was round and probably 200 feet in diameter or more depending on its actual height.  I base this on the fact that it was much wider than the road leading to the boat ramp and that road was at least 40 feet wide adding in the total right of way opened for it.  The object went well over the tree lines that bordered this road. The object made no noise whatsoever, it did not illuminate the ground either which I thought to be odd as any actual light that is near usually has an illuminating effect.  It was quite low as I previously mentioned and traveling what I thought to be about 20 miles per hour.  This allowed me to watch it for quite some time.  I never knew what it was but it was puzzling to say the least. My second most notable was also in the 1970 era.  It was dark and I had arrived at a local eatery where I was to meet my brother and brother - in - law. I got out of my car and as I walked toward them, standing outside, I gazed up into the sky and thought I was seeing a falling star. Well it was really to slow and did not burn out quickly as most do.  Now this light was very high it seemed and appears to be maybe the size of a close star would be , you know maybe just smaller than a kitchen match head .  I continued wathing it move and then suddenly it appeared to stop. What was really odd when it stopped there were four more lights (orbs) identical to it.  The four objects appeared to be in the formation of a square, a box shape equal in dimension. They only set still for maybe 15 seconds and then all four objects or lights moved at the same time with no alteration in the formation.  It was as if this moving light had docked with whatever the others were or docked to or joined in formation, but it did seem they operated as one unit. I have seen a few other things but these were the most memorable and the only ones I really had time to actually watch for a period of time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.786;-94.755
