Had UFO come within 30 to 40 feet from us. Then took off very very fast into space. No doubt there is other life out there, none at all;1978-09-15 20:00:00;10 minutes;Had UFO come within 30 to 40 feet from us. Then took off very very fast into space. No doubt there is other life out there, none at all I have never told my story to anyone but a few friends in recent years. Myself (witness #1--name deleted) and a friend of mine at the time ((witness #2--name deleted)), which were 15 and 16 years old at the time had gone out on the side of town to a small wheat field that was ready to be harvested on a beautiful clear warm Friday evening and parked in a circle in the middle of the wheat field that had been made by the farmer from turning around in, I assume, (his barn and tractor were behind us off the side of circle. To be honest my friend had bought a six pack of Michelob beer and we were going to drink a couple beers though at the time of this incident we had not yet opened one beer and were completely sober and straight. Anyway, it was just getting dark but still a little bit of light. We were talking and I was sitting in passenger seat anf ((witness #2)) in drivers seat and I was staring at this red flashing light blinking like a heart beat up in the sky directly in front of me. I thought it was a radio tower with its red warning lights so a plane does not fly into it but after a short bit it started moving to my right very slowly. At that time I asked my friend hey what is that? and we both thought it was a small cessna airplane flying extremely low. It kept getting lower and lower and swung around to the far side of the wheat field and came right over the top of the wheat, still with its light blinking. It started coming right towards us and it came so close that our skin and face and car and the wheat around us was glowing red when it blinked. We both kept saying to each other What is it?, what is it?. I had my head stuck out the window trying to get a look at what it was but even with it that close I could not make out a shape nor could I hear any sound what so ever. It kept coming towards us then my friend paniced and started his car to take off because I guess he was more frightened than I was. When he started his car the light stopped for a few seconds then started going back the way it had been coming accro! ss field but then took off at an incredible speed up into the sky. We drove as fast as we could to the dirt road and went in the direction it was and by then it was higher than commercial jets fly and kept going higher into the atmosphere until it could no longer be seen. There is no possible way that anyone on earth had anything that could go that fast, I mean it was fast. The human body could not handle that kind of 'G' Force as far as I know. Then it was gone.  The following Monday in the newspaper someone else had seen the same light/craft (UFO) but they saw it on the west side of town we were on the North side of town and by the time they quoted seeing it they had to of seen it about 30 minutes before us. We never reported seeing anything to anyone thinking people would think we were nuts plus because we were out there to drink a few beers and were only 15 and 16 years old and that would get us in trouble with the parents. Now that I am 40 it is of no concern to me anymore. ** There is no doubt in my mind that that UFO was from some other life form and planet or where ever, no doubt what so ever. There is no way what I saw could of been from Earth, none what so ever! I am 100% convinced that we are being visited by beings from another planet or where ever here on earth and that the government has to know about it and is keeping what they know from us. They must tell us everything that they know which I'm sure is a lot. When they finally are forced to do so then everyone is really going to be upset with the government for keeping it from them for so long. Us mere earthlings can handle the truth. I already know the truth, somewhat, I know they do exist with out a doubt and so do many other people who have had encounters with them. The aliens I'm sure think that every human being has been informed of their presence, but this is far from the truth. I think it is stupid for the government not to tell what they know, if they would then everyone could come together with their info they have and maybe we c! ould become a bit more savy on their ways and maybe what to expect in the future. They could be sizing us up to take over our planet and with their technology that would not be very hard at all, probably with a snap of the fingers or whatever they snap. I often wondor what would of happened if my friend would not of started the car. We could of had it land right next to us and met the aliens or then we could of been abducted also! Yikes, maybe it was good he did start the car, I'll never know I guess. As far as the date goes I only remember it was 1978 because I was 15 but I really not sure what month and what day, but there was a story that following Monday in the paper and it happoened the Friday before that. The wheat was ready for harvest because I went back out there next time I had someone with a car to check out and see if wheat was singed or burnt or partly harvested or anything strange but when I got there it had already been harvested. What about radio activity on a geiger counter? Would that possibly pick up something? It has been 26 years ago this happened, I thought I should document it somewhere, do you not agree. I live in Hawaii now and Jeff still lives in Pampa, Texas. Also, the final assembly point for all nuclear weapons is 45 miles from where this happened which is like a baby step to these aliens I'm sure. Pantex is the name of the place. I know they have interest in our nuclear sights, weapons and such so I thought I would throw that in. That is possibly why they were by this little hick town of Pampa Texas either that or needed some wheat to make some bread with. My tele.# is ((two numbers deleted)). ((witness #2)) is probably listed in the phone book in Pampa Texas if anyone ever wants to talk about this sighting. I always wodered if I were to get hipnotized if I would remember anything more. Maybe I was abducted  and don't even know it. You never know! Well that is about it I guess. Thank You for your time reding this. Any questions feel free to call. ((personal data deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.5363897435897;-100.953771794872
Bright light that would light up the sky and then dim.  Also crossed great distances in short amount of time disappeared and reappeare;1998-05-12 03:00:00;10 minutes;Bright light that would light up the sky and then dim.  Also crossed great distances in short amount of time disappeared and reappeare I am reporting this retroactively, I am now 31 years old.  I was a junior in high school at the time of the sighting, I believe I was 16 or 17 at the time.  It was a weeknight.  I was asleep.  My room had a window that faced north on the second story of my parent's house. This window had no blind, or my blind was wide open.  I can't remember which. We lived on the northeast side of town.  In any case, I was awakened from sleep by a bright, flashing light at around 3-4 AM.  It was bright enough to wake me from a dead sleep  bright enough to pass through my eyelids and awaken me.  At first I thought it was lightning, and shut my eyes to go back to sleep.  The flash happened a couple of more times, yet I never heard any accompanying thunder. This was all probably within a matter of 15 seconds.  Eventually, the light went from a flash to a steady glow.  As if the lightning had changed from a flash to a steady light. That was the point at which I decided I would get out of bed and approach the window, because it didn't seem normal at all.  What I saw next has stuck in my mind over the years.  It was an extremely bright light which w! obbled and pulsated, varying in brightness from dim to bright enough to light up the entire sky as lightning often does. Sometimes it would flash at it did initially when it first awoke me.  It seemed that when it hovered in one place, it was unstable, wobbling from side to side and back to front. I estimated the distance to be many miles, but not more than 10, and the altitude to be in the thousands of feet, but probably no more than 5,000-8,000. At times it would completely go dim, as if it disappeared.   Within one or two seconds of disappearing, it would reappear with a flash of light, literally miles from where it had disappeared.  Scaling at the distance I estimated, it seemed that it could move 5-8 (maybe even 10) miles in approximately a second.  I also observed it doing aerial maneuvers that I have never seen a conventional aircraft perform.  For example, a high speed, lateral movement at what had to be thousands of mph, and then an immediate change of direction in! the opposite direction with no loss of speed.  I also observe! d it mak ing right angle turns at speeds that a reasonable person would find physically impossible for any known or man-made aircraft.  I watched this in awe for a matter of 10 minutes.  I actually had a video camera sitting on the desk in my room, but I was so worried that if I took my eyes off the object for long enough to retrieve the video camera, it may disappear.  I didn't want to take that chance.  Eventually, I ran downstairs to awaken my father because I really wanted him to see it, too.  I wanted to have someone else verify what I was seeing, so I wouldn't think I was insane.  By the time he came back upstairs with me, it was gone.  It probably took me about 2-3 minutes to awaken him and for us both to make it back up to my room.  The next morning, I woke up and went to school as usual.  I was there somewhat early, and ran into a friend of mine who lived a block north and one street west of me.  His house was probably 80 to 100 yards away from mine.  During our small talk, I mentioned that I was pretty tired because I didn't get much sleep the night prior.  However, I didn't tell him why I didn't get much sleep, and I did not mention what I had seen to him.  What happened next gave me the verification that I yearned for when I had awoken my father that night.  He proceeded to tell me that he didn't get much sleep either.  He said that he woke up in the middle of the night to fetch some water from the kitchen.  Having been to his house countless times throughout childhood, I knew that his kitchen window faced the east, and would have been a prime viewing area for the phenomena I had witnessed.  Turns out, it was. He was awake the same time that I was the night before, and had witnessed the same thing I! had witnessed.  Neither of us ever officially reported the sighting to the police, and to this day it is something special that we share in common.  From time to time when we meet up, we talk about it.  I would also like to point out that I come from a family of pilots.  I have flown in private planes and commercial planes since I can remember.  I was raised at airshows, I have seen probably every type of high-performance conventional airplane pushed to the limit by the best of the best, such as the F-18 Blue Angels, and the F-16 Thunderbirds.  I have seen the F-117 in flight, and I have seen the newest Joint Strike Fighter that we have present day.  In short, through both experience and observation, I know what a conventional aircraft can and cannot do.  Obviously, I have somewhat of an understanding of the limits the human body can endure in terms of G force through conversations with my brother and grandfather, who are both pilots, along with knowledge I have picked up ! throughout my life as a result of my interest in fighter jets ! and any other types of airborne military technology. As far as what I saw that night, I don't know what it was, but I know what it wasn't.  I am 100% sure that what my friend and I witnessed that night was something that was not conventional, and probably not man-made.  If it was man-made, it is obviously a well-kept secret, as it probably should be. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.5363897435897;-100.953771794872
Light traveling on a north - south trajectory.;1999-08-07 20:30:00;1 minute;Light traveling on a north - south trajectory. We saw a light traveling at a high rate of speed on a north - south trajectory. It was very high. At first we thought it was just a satellite. Are there any satellites that orbit the earth on a north - south trajectory? ((NUFORC Note:  Many such satellites.  Until they reach the south pole.  Then they travel from south to north.));35.5363897435897;-100.953771794872
