circling hawks precede spaceship sightings;2009-07-25 16:30:00;seconds;circling hawks precede spaceship sightings july 25, 2009  i came home around 4:30 p.m. my room mate was frightened and telling me that five different spaceships were extremely close to the ground coming towards him. he said there were two red, two blue and one white. he did not tell me the shapes but continued to peer out the door up to the sky. he said two or three big hawks circle the sky and then sightings were there of spaceships. to calm him down i told him to holler at me and let me see them if they reappeared.  within 15 minutes or so he yelled frantically...there one is hurry up and come see it. i quickly went to the door and he said it just flew behind the tree blocking it from view. skeptically i said that if it just went behind the tree that stepping outside and looking for it should still be an option. so i did. to my complete and utter amazement there in the sky was a white airplane looking object seeming to glide towards the south in a level and like coasting speed. it looked like a side view of an airplane that a child would draw..rounded edges and nose just gliding on by..then it disappeared into the sky still coasting and level looking. i could not believe my eyes but it was true i had seen some sort of ufo. so i decided to get my movie camera out and go outside and see what came of it if anything and etc. about 15 more minutes as i sat outside i saw a couple of huge hawks circle the area like my friend had mentioned when i first got home. so i kept my eyes peeled and my camera ready. and low and behold.. coming from the south heading north this time i saw what was like a fast a! s ever white flash speeding past and upwards north and totally disappearing in about three to four seconds.my batteries on my camera which i had just put in from my charger kept reading low and kept turning my camera off as i tried to film the hawks and white flash-like object i was seeing. i got nothing on film of what i witnessed yesterday but it is engraved in my memory for sure. very disturbing and unbelievable to say the least, but it was there. i will continue to check out the skies fromm now on and hope to someday know what in the heck it was and what it was doing in the completely clear skies,over pampa texas, in broad daylight!;35.5363897435897;-100.953771794872
