Bright, Strobing Arc-Shaped light hovering over Spokane Valley, MAKING 90 DEGREE TURNS!;2011-07-22 23:15:00;10 minutes;Bright, Strobing Arc-Shaped light hovering over Spokane Valley,  MAKING 90 DEGREE TURNS! I was driving home from work at about 11:15pm.  I turned onto I-90 eastbound and immediately noticed a large strobing and, very close and abnormally bright light.  At first I just thought it was an airplane or a helicopter but as I was watching it, I noticed that it wasn't moving and it was extremely close to the ground, as close as a crop duster would fly, and the light wasn't flashing like a plane's lights it was 3 bright white lights in a slight arc pattern, shifting from left to right.  They where so bright I could see the body of the object being illuminated, it wasn't just a light It was an object. I kept watching the object and as I got closer to it, it still hadn't moved. I turned off on Pines rd and stopped in the parking lot of subway to get a better look at it.  It was making no sound whatsoever and I could see it was close, probably around the Spokane Valley Mall area.  A minute or two after I pulled over, the object suddenly started moving very slowly, straight towards me.  I tried to take a picture of it with my phone but my phone is old and the camera sucks. It came very close to where I was, about a half mile or so, and then made an extreme 90 degree turn to the north. NOT a curve, 90 Degrees!   When I saw that, I knew this was no plane.  It traveled north for about 2 minute then made another 90 degree turn East for about 30 seconds then a slow dramatic wide curve South, to the original position where I saw it.  As it came closer to its original position the lights just disappeared.  Like turning off a light switch, I never lost sight of the object it was just gone, in an instant. I was shocked, I hadn't in all my years in the military seen anything like that.  I'll never forget this night.  No one I have told believes me but I don't care if anyone believes me, I saw this thing, it freaked me the !@#$ out and I am now a believer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
