Objects light up the sky like daylight before disappearing.;2012-12-11 04:30:00;10 minutes;Objects light up the sky like daylight before disappearing 04:30 HLT Spokane Valley, WA 12/11/2012 I was headed to work this morning at 0430 Hours, and in the Southern sky I noticed two (2) objects flying in a parallel line moving from West to East just above the river across from Felts Field.  The objects were sound less and if you were to take a just a glace to see what it was, would appear to be helicopters.  However, as I drove East on Upriver Drive just by Pasadena Elementary School, the objects were flying at about 120 feet in elevation from the ground, the one that was further away (so on the side closest to the river) disappeared as I came upon the elementary school.  The second object was flying slowly directly over me, I was able to see the object as it passed directly over my vehicles about 15 feet above the tree line. I stopped my vehicle on the side of the road and there was nothing but silence in the air, the object seem to glide slowly across the sky.  From this vantage point, I was able to see the shape of the craft in the air.  It resembled an egg with lights.!  There was a light coming from the bottom of the craft as well as a band of lights that went around the middle. I passed Argonne Ave. and noticed that the object that had flown directly over me was now following me as I continued my drive towards Sullivan Ave.  As I approached Arbor Crest Winery, the object was hovering over the hill to the East of Hutton Settlement.  That is when I really saw a good outline of the object. It was egg shaped but flying with the fat end front and the smaller rounded tip was to the rear. It was approximately 30 feet long and at least half that tall. It was dark in color with a single white light illuminating the earth from beneath.  I sat in my car for at least 3 minutes watching this object just hover there, when it turned towards me and my vehicle and the white lights that made up the &quotbelt&quot of the object became extremely bright as did the single light on the bottom of the object. At 0438 HLT there is no natural light in the sky at that time in this time of year, however, the object's light illuminated the sky and surrounding area so well you wo! uld've thought it was the middle of the day. It was the brightest white light that I have ever had the opportunity to witness. As it reached the peak of brightness (after 5 seconds or so) it just disappeared completely, like it was flying in hyper-speed from the space movies. I, being absolutely baffled, started my car back up and continued East towards Sullivan Ave. As I came up on Plante's Ferry Park (located literally just around the corner from the Arbor Crest Winery), I noticed the other object had returned and was off in the distance about 400 feet away in the Southern sky at an altitude of approx 150 feet. As my car approached the softball diamonds on my Right hand side, that object illuminated bright and disappeared just as the other object. It was so bright I could see the four (4) diamonds, the play area for kids, and the puddles on the dirt in the infield. This morning was overcast and dark, I couldn't see anything until the light shone on the field. This was at approximately 0440 HLT. Since Saturday December 8th, 2012 I have been lucky enough to witness 2 separate events. What's going on?;47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
