V-shaped formation of lights over Spokane, WA;2009-08-28 20:30:00;3 minutes;V-shaped formation of lights over Spokane, WA My brother and I witnessed a V-shaped formation of lights moving from the southeast to the northwest over our house at 8:30 pm this evening (8/28/09).  While sitting in my back yard, I noticed the objects first moving over our house in a V-shape formation. After about a minute of watching the lights, I then ran into the house to get my brother. Upon returning to the back yard, we both noticed that the lights had changed their pattern to a random configuration. No noise was heard from these objects as they moved overhead, a very thin cloud cover or haze was above and the lights seemed to emit a glow through the haze, their color was off-white. They moved off in a northerly direction and faded away into the distance. Each light was approximately the size of an eraser on a pencil held at arm's length. The entire V-shaped formation was approximately the size of two full moons.;47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
Unusual light formation over Spokane, WA;2009-08-28 20:30:00;2 minutes;Unusual light formation over Spokane, WA At approximately 8:30 pm on 8/28/09, I was in the house watching tv when my brother came running in screaming, You've gotta see this! you gotta see this!   I immediately followed him out to the back yard where he had been sitting, and noticed in the sky directly overhead a group of lights just above a thin cloud layer. They were in a random pattern moving northwest and made no noise as they passed by. Their color was light amber to off-white. I have no explanation for what I saw.   According to my brother, these lights held a V-shaped pattern just prior to my coming outside.;47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
40+ fireballs in formation moving fast and changing shapes;2010-08-09 21:38:00;10 seconds;40+ fireballs in formation moving fast and changing shapes The sighting happened at 21:38 on Monday, August 9th 2010.  I was located in Spokane Valley, WA and, I was looking directly above me when my sighting took place and the angle of elevation was 90 degrees.  I witnessed approximately 40 or more brightly lit objects/orbs of orange and reddish light in a formation/straight line above me moving east very quickly.  The objects themselves were in motion as they maintained the line formation, and they appeared to move in front of each other and around each other.  Formation then changed shape from a line to a V.  Objects appeared to be the same size as the stars and appeared to be at a high altitude based on my observations. A closed fist at arm’s length when the formation/cluster was directly above me covered about 1/10th of the formation.  The cluster of objects was very large across the sky.  No other witnesses were present at time of sighting, and objects made no noise whatsoever as they went overhead from west to east.  Objects then changed shape into a V formation, and then disappeared from view to the east after about ten seconds.  Speed of objects was very fast, covering the sky and off to the east in seconds.  Speed of the objects was constant the whole time.  It was almost hard to follow them because of the speed.  I have been an amateur meteorologist for about 15 years and I watch the sky daily and observe weather conditions and aircraft all the time from my residence.  I can say with much certainty that the objects I witnessed were not any known aircraft, stars or planets.  This was in the lower atmosphere and seemed very unusual to me.  I have never witnessed anything like this, an! d I would love to find out more on what this may have been.  Feel free to contact me for any more info.   Thanks;47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
21 Craft with bright red lights flying as a squadron in Spokane Valley.;2014-01-01 00:05:00;10 minutes;21 Craft with bright red lights flying as a squadron in Spokane Valley 	At 00:05 on 01-01-2014, 5 minutes after midnight, I went out on my front porch to see any New Year's Day fireworks that were still going off.  My porch faces due south and the residence is at the far southeastern end of the Spokane Valley, about 10 miles from the Idaho border and 4 miles west of the small community of Liberty Lake.   My home is located in a small cluster of houses elevated about 400 ft. above the valley floor and this cluster of houses is the last inhabited property with paved streets and street lamps.  All the land to the south is tree-covered, sparsely inhabited hills.   It was 32 degrees out and it had rained in the morning so there was a high, light fog/haze in the night sky where if I looked towards the horizon, the haze looked whiter and thicker than when I looked up, but even though the sky was much blacker straight overhead, no stars were visible.  	Some fireworks were still going off but there were no nearby Roman candles or star-bursts showing up above the treetops. Then as I stood there looking around, a bright, solid red light came into view from behind a hilltop coming from the South, horizontal to the ground, just under the fog level.  At first I thought it was an incoming airliner, as under certain weather conditions, airliners often approach the Spokane International Airport by making a low circle around this end of the valley to make their approach.  And, the craft was traveling about the same speed as an incoming jetliner and at the same altitude.   But, as the craft came nearer, I realized the red light was too big and bright to be on a jetliner and there was no green light on the other side of the plane nor any white lights on.  The size and brightness of the red light would have to have been the equivalent of every light on the bottom of a jetliner being changed to red lights all on at the same time, creating the impression of one large light.   I could not see any shape to the craft and the size of the light seemed to encompass the entire bottom of the craft as I could not see any bigger extension of the ship outside the circumference of the light.  What I was seeing definitely was not a fireball or other natural phenomenon - it was a huge red light on the underside of a flying craft. 	Just as I was trying to figure out what kind of craft it was as it got closer, another identical red light appeared from behind the hill right behind the first light, and then a third red light approached at the same interval as the second one was to the first one.   Now all three bright red lights were strung out just under the fog, equidistant apart, flying at a relatively slow, steady speed and coming straight towards me.  By now I knew these were not regular airliners and also, there was no engine sounds.  Then another two red lights appeared together, much closer to each other and behind the first three. 	By the time the pair of red lights appeared, the first craft seemed to stop right at the edge of the forested property, as if he didn't want to venture into the illuminated populated part of the valley.  The point at which the craft stopped was about 3/4's mile from where I stood.  This first craft started fading from view into the haze right above where he had stopped his approach.   From what I saw, he had flown in under the fog horizontal to the ground, reached a certain point beyond which he was not going to travel and instantly switched to rising straight up into the sky, at a 90 degrees angle from where he previously had been traveling.   Then the second craft did the same thing at the same exact location, and then the third craft, too, as if they had reached an invisible wall.  I got brief glimpses of the red lights as they faded into the fog, so it wasn't as though the craft just disappeared. 	As the first three ships ascended into the fog, more identical craft were appearing at the same altitude and speed from behind the hill in the same close-knit but random fashion until I counted 21 craft in all.  And, as each reached the invisible wall, it rose into the fog the same way the first craft had done.   After the last ship of this group faded upward into the fog, I waited a few minutes more to see if something else was going to appear.  When nothing more happened, I ventured down the front sidewalk towards the street to get a better view of the night sky and saw a single identical red light craft due West a couple of miles away but still at the same altitude.  I watched it for a few minutes, but I could't tell if he was moving at all, or if towards me or away from me.   No other craft appeared around him and I couldn't tell if he was one of the original 21 ships I had seen or if he was ship # 22.  The whole episode lasted about 10 minutes and since I was getting quite cold, I went indoors even though the craft in the West was still visible.   This was my very first UFO sighting and until I saw your word choices for Shape of Craft, the word that came to my mind was a squadron of craft. 	I am in my mid-60's, retired from a lifetime of being self-employed in small business with my husband, married for 42 years and a college graduate.   I was halfway through typing up this report to you when I turned on Wednesday's Coast to Coast and heard your January 1st report to George Noory about all the red lights and fireballs people were reporting.  I have listened to Coast to Coast for over 25 years, and still remember Art Bell's first broadcast of Mel's Hole.   Thanks for the work you and Coast to Coast do to monitor and let us know what is really going on in our world.   My hat's off to you.   Happy New Year!;47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
