Dim rectangular object seen over Spokane Valley.;2011-04-23 20:59:00;90 seconds;Dim rectangular object seen over Spokane Valley. At 8:59 PM, Monday April 23rd I was working on my computer when my roommate called me outside to look at something. We live in the Spokane Valley and our back porch faces west towards the city of Spokane. My roommate who had been observing Venus and the crescent moon observed an object moving exactly from south to north at the speed of a light aircraft travelling at about 8-10,000 feet altitude. This was over 1 hour after local sunset so the skies were not quite black but nearly so. It took me twenty seconds to acquire the object. It was only visible from the reflected light of the city of Spokane. The object had no lights, was completely silent, and appeared to be tan or light brown in color. I noticed that it was heading directly towards Venus and amazingly in a few seconds it passed directly in front of Venus. It completely blocked out Venus for 1 second and I was able to get an impression of an elongated  (in the direction of travel)irregularly shaped cr! aft (something similar to a box-like “pixilated”appearance). The fact that this object was silent struck me as very weird. I ran to get my binocs and when I returned the object was quickly receding from view in part because of the severe light pollution in this location. From our location the object was 30 degrees above the western horizon when it passed in front of Venus. I estimate it had an angular diameter between 1/8 and ¼ degree.  I only saw the object for a total of  10-15 seconds but my roommate estimates it took 70-80 seconds from the time it appeared near the southern horizon to when it occulted Venus. I wish I could describe the craft in more detail but it was only visible from reflected light and my night vision was shot from looking at a computer screen. From my perspective it appeared to be larger than a Cessna would be at that altitude (5-10,000 feet). If the object was in fact an aircraft it was clearly in violation of  FAA rules as it had no navigation lights or strobe 1 hour after local sunset. I attempted to contact Spokane International Flight Tower but there were no personnel to answer my inquiry.;47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
Red metallic rectangular shaped object spinning horizontally in sky.;2021-06-18 16:50:00;4 seconds;Red metallic rectangular shaped object spinning horizontally in sky. I noticed something strange in the sky, so I grabbed my binoculars for a closer look. Binoculars are Galileo Model G-1250 so I can see 12 times farther than the naked eye. In the field of view through the lenses, the object was about 1/2 inch wide and 1/3rd of that in height. Rectangular shaped and red. It was the color of a cherry. The object spun horizontally, which doesn't make any sense. It really looked like a car, and that doesn't make any sense. It even looked like there was a wheel too, a small one - with a rim, the same as a car wheel would. I could not make sense of this thing. I even wondered of it was that Tesla that Elon Musk released into space, but it wasn't falling fast like it should have with the gravitational pull. The object was too strange to be a plane or an air balloon. It wasn't a helium balloon. It was too big to be a drone. I do not think a remote controlled device can fly that high, but I do not know. It was just a spec in my eye w! ithout the binoculars. I grabbed the binoculars because of the flash the sun made on it when it spun. The spin speed was about as fast as a beacon light for aircraft to see. The metallic sheen flashed brightly when the sun reflected upon it, when the object made a horizontal rotation. I put down the binoculars to try and focus my eyes on it and try to get a photo, but when I looked up again it was gone. I only took my eyes off of the object for a 2/10ths of a second. I regretted putting my binoculars down. I was facing south, and the object would be about south west if the face of the compass were facing me. There were no lights. I can hear sound through my windows, but only a small amount. I heard no sound coming from the object, and there were no streaks. The sky at the time, as I looked through my window, was cloudy, but blue sky was also visible, and the sun was able to flash off of the object. This sighting happened around 4:52pm on June the 18th. Feel free to contact ! me if you would like.;47.6627666666667;-117.213066666667
