Never saw anything like it - If it's military (ours) is decades ahead of known technology!;2003-04-24 21:04:00;10 seconds;Never saw anything like it - If it's military (ours) is decades ahead of known technology! I went outside to take the dog to the bathroom. As Max ran over to go I put my hands in my sweatpants pocket and looked up at the sky. It had rained hard last night so I was admiring how nice it was with light clouds spotting the sky and how pretty the stars were. There wasn't a breeze or any noice other than the dogs collar from walking around.  It smelled very fresh out.  I noticed out of the corner of my eye what I thought was a bird flying overhead. I looked directly at the object and thought that's not a bird...How the heck is that guy hang-gliding around here? I thought it was a hangglider because of it's altitude, shape, and lack of noise.  Then I said, Oh my God, what the heck is that?  I watched the object, perfectly focused for about 6 seconds before it flew into some sparse clouds. I was dumbfounded.  I followed the path of the object hoping it would hold it's course and come out the other end. It didn't...I thought I saw it circle tightly and turn towards the East.  When then all heck broke loose. 4 planes came out of no where and converged on some mountains East of my house where the object headed. Not sure what kind of planes they were. Then what I thought were two jets (F-16?) off in the north headed over towrds my direction in a sort of glide speed. They made very little noise, but I could still hear the jets.  I ran in to tell my wife what had just happened. Grabbed the binoculars and ran back outside, she came outside for a second to look, but went back in because it was cold for her.  I watched the sky intensly for awhile (1 to 2 minutes) and watched for the craft.  , ran into the garage, grabbed the ladder and climbed onto the roof. There were alot of aircraft over new the mountain range.  Two passenger jets went over head slightly west of me (their flight for SFO) Another jet (F-16?) came into view, southwest of where the object first glided over head. He headed into the clouds the object went into which had now blowed over the mountain range and disappeared. I then head a helicopter over in the area...it held it's course thorugh the clouds heading North toward the Oakland airport.  All of this was amazing!!! i still cannot believe it, but I swear I saw this object and I have NEVER seen anything like it in all of the military programs I have seen on cable stations.  I had one beer while I bar-b-q'ed salmon and finished the same one with dinner. I do not use drugs!  I called Coast to Coast a.m. and got on the air with George and told most of my story....up until I got onto the roof. This is amazing...I plan on looking for it later this evening and tomorrow night.;37.5340164179104;-122.032510447761
