The begining of the lights in the night;1978-04-01 21:30:00;72 hours intermitten;The begining of the lights in the night Strange thing is, this is a family story. I do recall the events, which started this extraordinary set of events in motion.  Those images are not something you forget.  I know it was tax season because we were returning from my uncles (he did taxes pretty well) and my father got his taxes done that evening.   We were on our way home, which takes us down county line road, then turn right, then half mile and turn right on to CR173.  We lived about a mile from the turn onto 173.  Well as we were turning, my mother who was also a witness, noticed a bright white oval/almost cylindrical shaped object above what we called (for sake of this report we will call them the X woods) X Woods (the X's owned the entire chunk of real estate).  Within a matter of seconds, of us all looking to see what my mother had seen, I was thrown backwards with the great acceleration of the car.  When I got back to see what the speed was I remember clearly it was bouncing off the little bar at the end of the speedometer. The speedometer registered 120mph max.  It took us mere seconds, even with a 90 degree left turn into our driveway (driveway is about .5miles in length) this with 3 young kids, and an infant in the front. We were rushed into the house, rushed into our bed cloths, and carted off to bed.  I remember hearing the shotgun being prepped and loaded, and remember for 3 days we didn't go to school, nor were we permitted to play outdoors, and my father set with a loaded double barrel shotgun on the front porch for 3 nights. Beings I was a kid I had no worries, I just did was I was told, and complained about not being able to go outside. This object appeared 9 other times in my life.  I have seen this object up close I bare scars, burns, illnesses, and other strange marking from events which to this day still occur with frightening regularity. I have been witness to other events outside my purview (happening as I just came in on it or happened to have been present during it).  The object I saw was brilliant, but not so that you couldn't look at it.  It shined what looked like today's laser pens at several locations, however the beam was much larger, and more intense. The beams did not shine directly at us however, but there were several noticeable points of contact.  A tree near our home had been singed, a barn roof had its roofing tar burned to a crisp, and our neighbors lost 2 of their horses due to breaking of a fence, which was also burned (horses later recovered 2 miles from their origin location), the X's recall nothing of the event whatsoever. However their trees were also singed or burned and their driveway showed evidence of burning. This was all quickly forgotten by the X's and the like in the area as this was real rural farm country. From my bedroom window we could see the object thru the tree in the front yard for an additional 15-20 minutes.  This object appeared twice more over the next days.  Each time progressively shorter in stay, the final night was its shortest stay, this time however it was in the field to the south of the woods, and appeared much lower to the ground, 20-30 feet above the empty field.  Later descriptions by my father confirmed this.  He said it just sat there silent.  This time no lights came from the object like it had done the previous 2 nights.  He said it seemingly sat there, which was confirmed by my brother and I who were up way past our bedtime sneaking peaks out the front window.  The last night after hovering for only a few moments it shot straight up, it changed colors from white to orange, then to blue, and was gone. My father went to the site in the early morning of the 4th day, and found absolutely nothing.  No burn marks, singing, or anything out of the ordinary.  However he did notice the air seemed electrically charged and had the smell of ozone. This incident wouldn't be so memorable had it not happened right in front of me.  To this date no other member of my family will discuss this matter.  My father and mother have now passed on, and the remaining witnesses to the event refuse to speak of it. If there were other witnesses to the event none to date have come forward.  I stand alone in this matter.  Basically because it's not something you talk about except around campfires and the like. I have asked my brother and sister who were in the backseat with me if they would care to comment.  Their answers were outright NO COMMENT, so I will leave it at that. My postulations on what this object might have been go from a helicopter, military aircraft, to swamp gas, to UFO, to god knows what. I wouldn't even bring it to your attention had these events not continued in my life.  I have contacted other UFO organizations, and author Bud Hopkins in regards to the many events in my life.  To date only one, ARC (Alternate Realities Conference) in Johnson City Tennessee has any interest in this information.   I wrote to them of my happenings over the entirety of my life. No one else has shown interest other then those I tell around the proverbial campfire,  and even then those stories are soon forgotten.   I can only postulate that the reason my father hit the gas was that he had seen this object sometime before, and was afraid of it.  The shotgun and the porch sitting was another indicator that he was afraid of it.  My mother's response was extremely similar.  They were afraid of whatever it was. I myself at that time had no opinion of it, not till it affected me later in life.   Thanks for your time today.;41.2313;-83.0904
