Lighted, rectangular shape hovering over 13,400 foot Mt. Warren in the Eastern Sierra.  Prominent light was a red strobe that circled t;1999-02-17 20:45:00;15 mins.;Lighted, rectangular shape hovering over 13,400 foot Mt. Warren in the Eastern Sierra.  Prominent light was a red strobe that circled the vehicle at a high rate, with at least two additional white lights on the side of the vehicle.  At ten miles the object was barely covered by one's thumb, making it quite large, possibly 1000 feet in diameter.  Observed with 10 X 50 binoculars by two friends who called me while I was watching the Fox UFO special that was airing at the same time.  I drove out to a vantage point overlooking the Mono Basin, but the vehicle had disappeared by the time I reached the vantage point, my friends stating that it gradually faded away rather than flying away as an aircraft might do.  It's interesting to note that this area has had numerous sightings in the past, the most recent being in Dec. 1998 when a lighted object was seen over Mono Lake flying west towards Yosemite National Park. Observers are long time friends of the reporter.  Their home is situated approximately 10 miles NE of the location of the sighting.  Weather was good, partly cloudy, no moon.  Venus and Jupiter, now situated in the western sky, had already set.  Observers have seen UFOs in the past.  The area where they live is remote, near the Ca-Nv. border.  Sighting is unusual because of the size of the UFO, as described.;37.989;-119.1234
Saw a blue-green glowing rectangular craft streak across our field of view while driving up the eastern side of the Sierra Nevadas.;2008-02-27 18:00:00;One second;Saw a blue-green glowing rectangular craft streak across our field of view while driving up the eastern side of the Sierra Nevadas. UFO Report:  February 27, 2008, 6:00 pm at Lee Vinnings, CA   This is the second UFO sighting I have had in my 61 years. The first was when I was 15 in New Jersey, and I will report that another time.   However, this more recent on was last year in 2008, occurring in Lee Vinning, CA, on Feb. 27th, around 6:00pm  as my wife and I were driving north on Hwy. 395.  I have to estimate the time because it was just starting to get a bit dark, and we were probably a bit north of Lee Vinning as well, but this is the general time and place.  I remember the date exactly because we were driving from Georgia to my son’s wedding on the 29th of Feb. in Fremont, CA. two days later.  Also, the reason I wanted to report it now is because I saw the exacted same thing a few nights ago on the History Channel’s program UFO Hunters.  They had a sighting around 3am around Needles, CA of a blue-green glowing rectangular craft streaking across the sky and coming down, which was later picked up by 4 military helicopters and taken away still glowing.  This occurred only three months later in May of 2008. As I was saying, my wife and I both saw this blue-green glowing rectangle streak across our field of view in front of us from West to East, or left to right, since we were heading north.  It took about 2 seconds, maybe only one actually to cross our field of view and it was gone.  I was amazed to have seen such a thing and do not believe it was a meteor because of the unusual color and rectangular shape.  Also, it appeared to be arching upward rather than down.  I guess we assumed it was a secret Air Force vehicle, being that Edwards and Area 51 were not that far from us.  But after the UFO Hunters story, I feel as though I would like to add my sighting to your files. As an artist, I did a quick drawing of our sighting in Photoshop and my wife just now confirmed that this is what she also saw that night last year.  I will attempt to attach the drawing to this report.;37.989;-119.1234
