During and a thunderstorm small blue orbs of light appeared in the sky and near the ground, flashing;2011-06-08 22:30:00;One Hour;During and a thunderstorm small blue orbs of light appeared in the sky and near the ground, flashing During a severe thunderstorm I stood outside in the drive way, and also watched through the window of a door.   First, there was only one small orb of light - pea sized near the roof of the neighbor's shed.  It flashed periodically.  I knew it was not in the sky because it was below the tree line and in front of the other houses in the background. It was around 30 feet from me.   Nearly an hour later, as I went to watch the storm once more, there were three of these lights.  One was in the far corner of the next-door-neighbor's yard, the other was coming from the sky, through the trees, and another was above the neighbor's roof.   Though they seemed to be different distances from me, they all remained the same size.  They were small blue orbs that flashed periodically.   At this time I also noticed that there were at least two helicopters and one airplane flying over town - an unusual amount of aircraft activity occurring during a dangerous thunderstorm.;41.6742;-72.8694
Two orange/pink lights following each other.;2016-12-01 20:35:00;50 seconds;Two orange/pink lights following each other. I was getting in my car to go pick up my Daughter from work. I sat in my car and started it and closed the door.  I am a smoker, so I put the driver side window down.  Looking up at the stars and noticed a big orange/pink light coming out of the South West.   I got out of the car to get a better look, and it had a bright orange/pink glow all around it when it was approaching and when it was departing.  As the first one passed at a slow speed, I looked and about 5 miles right behind it was another one.  The first one had no sound at all.   I alerted two young kids of about 13 and told them to look up.  They were freaking out.   I ran in and grabbed my camera and got a shaky video, but you can clearly see the 2 crafts one in front of the other.  Really cool.  I will upload the video in its raw form, if I can.   Going out to look a little more.;41.6742;-72.8694
A very bright very large object in sky by Plainville airport that hovered in the sky and quickly disappeared;2019-04-09 23:30:00;30 seconds;A very bright very large object in sky by Plainville airport that hovered in the sky and quickly disappeared I was driving by Plainville airport and looked up at the sky it had been cloudy and rainy to see a very bright circle object in the sky it hovered around it kinda reminded me of a crease to shaped moon but was much bigger and very much brighter as I watched trying to piece together what I was seeing so brightly in the sky  it quickly flew away it from giant to a dot far away to poof it was gone it took me the next 15 minutes of my ride home to realize what I saw;41.6742;-72.8694
