Get the hair to stop standing up on my neck ,This Was Too Real .;1987-11-15 22:00:00;8-10  min.;Get the hair to stop standing up on my neck ,This Was Too Real . I'm a bit foggy on the precice time and date , but it was a chilly evening , at leist durning this encounter.  Temp. was around 40 deg. My father was outside getting ready to start unloading his van , when he came in and asked us if we wanted to see a UFO . As soon as he pointed in the direction that he had see it we rushed out onto the deck , me just expecting to see some strange lights , as we had seen on two other encounters, looked straight up over head where dad was pointing. I was awe struck to see three triangular shaped crafts just barely visible in the night sky, seeming to just be giving off a glowing reflection and a slight silloet. one of the ships had a amber light and they were headed north at an speed of 60-80 mph perhaps a little slower. I could make out some detail of the under side of the vessele as i strained to take in as much of this spectical as possible just faintly seeing possible panles and contures in its structure. As they headed to the north and i was assuming that that was it they reached the hilltop 1/2 mile to the north of us and to our amazement made a 180 degree turn and headed right back over us for a second look. At that moment Im thinking can we hitch a ride . Well knowing that a photo wouldnt develope well under such low lighting we all just stood and looked on as they proceded over and continued heading south and out of sight over the dark horizon. All the time I qas watching I was listening for the slightes sound and all i could make out on that calm cool night was a faint whir like wind or air passing over the crafts smooth surface. When the crafts were at the hill crest I could estamate their altitude at around 500 - 900 ft. , and then on their second pass I figure that they were around 100 ft in length and 75 ft in width and perhaps 25 - 40 % larger . My girl friend At the time who always looked at me strange when I would mention some of the questionable sightings I had in the past was speachless and never mentioned this to any one that I know of , and this is the first public mention that I or any of my family has made of this outside of a few close friends and relitives. After looking through some of the reports and finding a few that could be in the same time frame and had very close discriptions as to what we saw I thought I would let them know their not seeing things , well yes they did see something ... Im sure that after I post this som other details will come to mind but their was soo much to take in in those few short minutes that seemed to go in slow motion. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.1576;-87.9716
