A single soundless, floating, lightless, dark matte finish craft (extremely large square footage across);2001-08-01 03:00:00;15 minutes;A single soundless, floating, lightless, dark matte finish craft (extremely large square footage across) I have been afraid of reporting this for too long but feel I must in case there are others who may have saw the same thing in my area - I work for the federal government so I don't want my testimony to become public per se or attached to my name/identity.  The craft was larger than the strip mall across the street, at least two football fields in square footage, though I could not see the end points of the entire craft on all sides.  It was probably larger than an aircraft carrier.  It appeared rectangular or perhaps a very large triangular shape, but it was so large I could not discern the shape.  It completely covered the view of the sky from my window. I could see it's underside and it was slowly moving over a neighborhood of townhomes next to mine. I had woken up in the middle of the night and had a strange urge to look outside and that's when I saw it floating very slowly and very low overhead.  It was maybe a few stories above the rooftops of the hig! hest home.  It made absolutely no sound, and was a very dark matte finish (not shiny metallic), not reflective at all, with a very complex underside of infrastructure (i.e., it wasn't smooth underneath but had what appeared to be rectangular and other geometric shaped objects on it's underside protruding from underneath).  It had no lights anywhere on the craft, contrary to what a lot of reports seem to detail.  This had no lights whatsoever, and I doubt anyone would have seen it if they didn't look up because it blended so perfectly against the night sky and was completely devoid of any sound.  It slowly hovered away from my townhouse and then I saw it stop and start to move back to where my home was.  I always thought I'd be the first person to run out to something like this and be proud to witness it, but to my surprise I was literally so afraid that I couldn't continue to look out my window and went hiding in fear.  I guess when something like this actually happens to y! ou, the perspective becomes one of instinctual survival.  I ha! d a stro ng sense that my observation of this had been detected and I felt very vulnerable and exposed for about 5 minutes and then the feeling of being watched just stopped.  That's when I looked out again and it was gone.  I wish I had had the courage to go outside and observe it more closely or get some photographs.  I have promised myself that no matter what, if this ever happens again, I will do whatever I can to get evidence of it regardless of how afraid I am. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));39.036888040601;-77.5061413724565
