ufos land over hudson falls;2008-12-27 13:19:00;unknown;ufos land over hudson falls my friends and i where talking outside when we saw 5 cigar shaped silver craft in the sky. most of the time they where in a formation that i recall saying looked very strange. after that the crafts began to get lower and we panicked and ran. one of my friends said they landed near the woods. after we went back and all the snow in the area was melted. we went home and of course no one listened so we tried to find something like this. also we have pictures and dirt samples. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.317;-73.577
((HOAX??))  we went into the woods where we had built a cabin.;2009-07-08 13:56:00;unknown;me and my friends decided to go camping because we did not do any thing on the fourth so we went into the woods where we had built a cabin. At first we brought all our supplies and then my friend was saying something about the ufo landing in this area and was so anooying about it that we went and looked at the landing site and every thing was still burnt! we went back to the cabin and then my friend stoped short and i just kept walking after i walked about 5 or 6 yards i saw why he stopped. in a clearing about 100 yards wide was this metalic cigar shaped object. in shock i backed up and triped on a tree stump. i was on the ground looking up and was even more shocked in the sky not 400 to 500 feet above me and my friend where 4 more of these things i just was so shocked i did not hear my friend yelling to our other friends. they came out of the other side of the clearing and stoped short. i had got out of shock and looked at the one on the ground and saw this extraterrestrial that looked nothing like the ones that have been seen befor. it looked like a cross between a squid and a lizzard and thats all i remember up until 5 hours later. my friends said it was the same for them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Possible hoax?  PD));43.317;-73.577
