Small orb of bright light. Moving very fast and seemed to disappear into thin air.;2021-03-11 18:50:00;3 seconds;Small orb of bright light. Moving very fast and seemed to disappear into thin air. Around 6:50pm : ball of bright light flying what appeared to be downward before disappearing completely right before it looked as if it was going to hit the ground. Wasn’t too far away from us and we didn’t hear any sound of crashing or engine noise. Everything seemed to be silent during and after sighting. We were driving through backroads surrendered by flat corn field land and didn’t see any type of crash. The orb seemed to disappear in thin air. It was a very bright light and seemed to be artificial light and led like. I would say the size of a basketball (maybe a tiny bit bigger). Hard to estimate though because of the speed it was flying at. We almost thought it was a shooting star falling from the sky (because we could see stars that night) but it was much bigger and much brighter. The light was not blinking and was moving in a straight line. It didn’t seem to have any glow to it and it didn’t leave any type of trail of light. It was a solid ball of w! hite light. We didn’t notice it until it came in view from the front windshield. We didn’t notice anything from the rear view or the side windows. This was not a cloudy night as the moon and all stars were visible. It was moving very fast... the actual sighting only happened in about a 3 second time frame. And the technological difficulties for about another 1 - 1 & 1/2 minutes. Although It did feel longer (more like a 10 minute time pass). Right before the sighting the bluetooth in my car cut out and my phone disconnected. It took a couple miles before we were able to reconnect and get the music to play again. That’s never happened before. We take these back roads to Dixon a lot and have never dealt with the bluetooth not working. Our phones also began to not work. We both had no signal for a couple miles before it kicked back in. My friend (the other witnesses) was unable to even unlock her phone. It seemed to have just froze. I was able to unlock my phone but had trouble! using voice text. It was severely misunderstanding what I was! saying. I called my sister after the sighting and she said whenever I was about to explain something the sound would cut off but she could hear me fine with everything else I said. Only when I started to explain what we had saw. I did not feel sick before, during or after the sighting and neither did my friend who was in the car with me. We both did not feel dizzy or any type of tingling. My friend, an alien skeptic, has no explanation for what we saw. Me, a huge alien believer, knows what we saw. It appeared to have technological advances that just are not known to us. It was a “man made” light flying at unbelievable speeds before disappearing right in front of our eyes. And the unexpected technological difficulties made the sighting even more real to us.;41.8446;-89.4889
