saw what we thought was a helicopter in trouble. disk was approx 35feet above ground and sitting motionless making no noise approx 40 f;1991-06-03 22:00:00;10 minutes;saw what we thought was a helicopter in trouble. disk was approx 35feet above ground and sitting motionless making no noise approx 40 feet in front of us On the way to work, traveling west, just on the outskirts of town next to a small airport, we saw what appeared to be a helicopter in trouble. The craft had blue and red lights, and came from the sky, settling over the highway, very close to the ground. It sat for a second then slowly moved south, moving into the yard of a small home that sits right at the end of the airport, and next to the highway. There was a thunderstorm beginning and there was alot of high lightening. Our community was also having their July 4th fireworks display. As i approached the spot where the craft had entered the yard, i stopped my vehicle right in the highway, opened my door and stood outside looking at the craft sitting just above an electrical or telephone wire that was going into the home from a pole next to the highway. My passenger stayed in the car and watched from the passenger side. The craft sat motionless above the wire. It was round and metallic gray in color (dark grey)with a smokey glass dome shape in the center bottom of the craft. It was no bigger than a large car in diameter, and it was not as thick as a car would be. It didnt look big enough for a human to sit in upright. The lights of the craft were pulsing from the edges of the craft, and appeared to be coming from inside. They did not look like they were like our lights would be like on a car. They were pulsing and growing dimmer. I was approx. 40 feet away from the object, and we watched it until the lights dimmed out completely. When they were completely out, if you didnt know it was there, it would have been extremely hard to see. My passenger began to scream and stomp her feet on the floor of the car, and I felt like i was coming out of a trance or something. I jumped in the car, had much difficulty getting it into gear, (it was still running) and left as fast as i could. We did not talk at all for most of the drive to work, (25 miles) and when we did, we were trying to explain it, trying to convince each other that it could be something from this earth. We both had been in a state of shock. Bye the time on my car clock, I knew we had watched the craft for approx 10 mins. My passenger and I both worked as machine operators for a major manufacturer in Rochelle Ill. 2 years later, I became a Training Coordinator for the plant, teaching trainers how to train properly, creating training manuals and training materials, and also taking care of any issues or problems that may come up during a training period.  My passenger worked for approx 1 more year, then moved out of area.;41.8446;-89.4889
orange disc;2007-01-26 00:54:00;45 seconds;orange disc I woke up in the night and went to the kitchen for a drink of water.   I happend to look out the window and saw a orange color disc over the pine trees to our west.  It was about the size of a silver dollar held at arm's length away.  Could not tell how far away it was.  The color looked orange like the sun when it rising or setting on the horizon but was not as bright.  I woke up my husband and he obsereved the same. The object after just being still for some time then shot straight up and was gone. It did not leave any visible trail and we did not see it again.  Also the sky was clear and the stars were very bright as they always are in this rural area.;41.8446;-89.4889
UFO photo Dixon, Illinois August 14, 2011;2011-08-14 20:30:00;15-20 secs;UFO photo Dixon, Illinois August 14, 2011 Here are my comments regarding the UFO sighting I had on the clear, calm summer evening of August 14th, 2011 at 8:31 p.m. in Dixon, IL. I have included three photos of the object, one the original uploaded size of the entire photo and two pics that have been cropped to show the UFO and the silo/trees in relation with one another.  Thank you.  The photo was taken looking towards the northeast. I'm guessing it was between 30 and 45 degrees(??) off of the horizon. It moved in a straight fly pattern, no wavering, with no engine noise and no blinking lights that I could see. It simply looked like a gray/metallic Frisbee.  I was standing outside my front door admiring the beautiful rising moon when I noticed this object moving slowly in a descending pattern from the northeast.  I ran inside and quickly grabbed my camera and had time to take just this one phot before the object disappeared behind the silo/tree area of the photograph. That's about all there is to my sighting.  Thank you. From my Facebook entries:  I snapped a picture of a UFO last night at around 8:31 p.m. at my residence in the countryside in Dixon, IL. I saw what looked like a gray/silver colored frisbee slowly moving in a decending pattern towards the silo/tree area at the mid-lower left side of the photo. I initially went outside of my front door to look at the cool moon rising and noticed this object moving slowly.  It had taken me a few seconds to register what it was I was looking at and then I ran inside, got my camera and quickly snapped this photo.  I am amazed and excitied that the picture turned out as clear as it did as I was in a hurry to get a pic before it disappeared behind the silo/tree area of the photo.  The object is the gray line to the upper right of the silo and directly above the trees in the picture.  I am wondering did anyone else see this object last night?  Use your Zoom features to blow up the photo. I zoomed to about 200% and it started to become pixilated. A cool photo nevertheless..:)       I watched it disappear behind the silo/trees area in the picture.  It definitely moved as one solid object...no vapor trail or meteor streak, etc.       Hello everybody! I understand the photo doesn't quite show exactly what I saw the other night, but it's important for me to note that the object moved in a descending pattern as one object...it looked like a slow moving frisbee..lol..  If you... can enlarge to 400% or as high as you can go without the pic becoming too pixilated, you might see it's a solid object, not a vapor trail or jet stream trail, and I have had people tell me it looks like there are sources of light on the object when they enlarged the pic.;41.8446;-89.4889
Very bothered by these expierences.;2015-11-01 19:00:00;15 minutes;Very bothered by these expierences. These same fleet keep appearing in two separate ocassions,twice around nuclear plant in Byron Illinois, and in dixon    il, on route 2..today my daughter and I pulled vehicle over to watch them, their eradicate behaviors.   Moving in a formation with one another..was so frightening we had to stop now see with our own eyes at a stand point..this has been going on a lot  here in last month,  I'm to a point I don't want to create histeria..becoming to be fearful something is going to come of this, last week had 4 witnesses in car now stopped and observed the ones by nuclear plant..they were huge crafts with lights all around them..;41.8446;-89.4889
