Very, very large array of lights rectangular in shape moving through the night sky;2015-01-23 06:16:00;3 minutes;Very, very large array of lights rectangular in shape moving through the night sky As I do everyday, I go to my back bay window of my two story mountain home to check out the current weather.  It is still the dead of night at this time of year as the sun will not peak over the mountain for another hour or more.  I immediately noticed a light to the west.  It was much larger than any thing I have every seen in the sky and was a a very strange shape.  For reference, the lights of an airliner would be the size of a pencil eraser in the night sky.  This object was the size of a match book. The way it moved, it appeared to be a solid object but unlike anything I have ever seen.  It was rectangular in shape but made up of only lines of light.  Take a match book layed on it's long side and draw 8 evenly spaced lines from top to bottom.  That how it appeared in the night sky except only the lines were visible and the lines bowed ever so slightly from end towards the middle.  Again, this thing was huge in the night sky.  The shape never varied as it moved the 10 to 15 miles until it faded from view. It was about a mile or so west of my house when I first saw it and it moving steadily due west. It was hard to estimate the altitude but at least 3 or 4 thousand feet as it easily cleared the far mountain peaks.  It was so big I was able to follow it much further than a standard airliner.  I get a few airliners, a verity of small private aircraft and a few helicopters through the local air space.  I have no idea what it could have been or where it could have come from.  I only know it was huge, completely silent, and a solid object that moved on a straight fixed coarse at a steady speed through the area. I had the window open and it made no noise and I live in a place where you can hear a pin drop.  I was an air traffic controller in the service and have seen most every thing that flys including blimps.  I have no idea what this could have been and can't understand how something this big could be airborne.;38.8832;-78.0454
witnessed countless orbs and an actual flying saucer, simply amazing.;2020-09-21 13:00:00;1 hour;witnessed countless orbs and an actual flying saucer, simply amazing. Standing on my back steps outside and was looking up at the sky close to where the sun was. The sun was just behind the top of a tree branch and is why I could stare right in the vacininity of the sun. While doing so I observed countless white orb like objects.  Some were streaking by and some going very slow.  I even seen some intersect each other, stop for a second and shoot off the other way.  After observing that for about 20 minutes with binoculars, I went and got my wife.  She also observed the white orbs. But then it got very interesting.  While me and my wife were still watching, I seen a darker object which at first I thought was a bird. I kept watching it and I noticed it was moving oddly and in certain movements there was a very bright reflection coming off of it. It became apparent to me that it wasn't a bird. So I grabbed my binoculars for a closer look, and to my amazement it was in fact a flying saucer in every sense of the word. When observed thro! ugh binoculars it was a reddish metallic color and clearly a saucer shape with a dome on the top, all seamless. The object was visible for about 30 seconds or so but I only observed it with the binoculars for about the last 5 seconds, since I thought it was a bird for a majority of the time. It was truly amazing. There is more oddities to the story but that is the jist of it.;38.8832;-78.0454
