We have experiance numerous sightings over the pasture. The objects vary in speed shape and formation.;2004-06-10 21:00:00;5 min;We have experiance numerous sightings over the pasture. The objects vary in speed shape and formation. My family lives in Montville, Ohio.( Geauga County ) We moved to this rural area 8 years ago from Cleveland. We thought UFO's were a joke. Boy were we ever wrong. My sons and daughter all have seen strange sightings across the street in a cow pasture.We have seen things that were not planes hovering in 1 space or things darting back and forth very fast. We have seen somthing like a fire ball pass over us. I was driving home from work on route 528 going north when something very large and slow stopped over my car. It was lower that trees so I knew it could not be a plane. When I arrived home, my daughter ran to the car and told me I wouldn't believe her but this strange object flew very low over the house. Her estimated time was close to when I too saw the object. My 13 year old son watches out the window every night for activities in the sky. He watches in disbelief. The most amazing sight I would never forget is when my husband left for work ( 11:00pm). He pulled out of the driveway and down the street.( I always watch him drive away) He could not have been more than 1 or 2 houses away when we noticed ( my three children and myself ) a strange thing in the pasture very close to the road. It was like red and white lights rotating in a circle very very fast. It looked as if it was a few feet above the ground. We watched in amazement. There is no explantation. It could not be kids doing a prank because the movement was too fast. My daughter had a strange experiance 2 weeks ago. She was driving home from Chardon. She said this green light appeared over her car.Her car stopped. Everything in the car stopped working. She said it looked like the other cars on the road stopped too. My son is reading this and is commenting on the different size and colors. He stated that he saw some split into more than one object. My husband has never seen anything and he thinks we are nuts. When I tell people that we see stuff in the sky we get strange looks. We do not report it to officals or sherriff because! we would be laughed at. I am hoping that you read this and take the time to talk with my son. I told my mother about some of the sightings a few years back. She did not say anything. She was quiet. And then she told me a story about her brother. He lived in Ashtabula county. He said he saw something in the sky that looked like a spaceship. He was not drinking. He ran into the house to tell his wife to look. By the time they went back out it was gone. My mother thinks he called and reported it. All the townsfolks laughed at him. His family thought he was nuts. This happened over 40 years ago. My mother never thought of this story until I told her. She was worried if I told others that I would be laughed at too. The information I gave above is not correct because I do not know the exact days or times. The objects vary in size, color and shape. The pasture that most of the sightings happen at was to be an indain burial mound. Do you think this has anything to do with the sightings ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know what the witnesses observed, but we doubt that the Indian burial ground has anything to do with their sightings.  PD));41.6047;-81.0615
