All I heard was the wind.  The object never made a noise.;2005-07-11 02:30:00;30 min;It was at 2:30 a.m. while I was watering my father&#8217s garden because he was on vacation.  The area is a bit desolent and quiet with the usual frogs and crickets making the only noise at night.  While watering the garden I looked at the stars and noticed what seemed to be a satellite going in the southern direction in a straight line and a good rate of speed.  At the time I noticed this object it became quiet any eerie.  All I heard was the wind.  The object never made a noise.  It flew on for about 2 minutes almost seeming to go up, not out in distance.  Then it sparatically went into a zigzag pattern while flying in a circle at the same rate of speed.  The object never blinked once through the whole encounter.  I became so chilled I ran down to the house, turned all the lights off, locked up and jumped in my car to head home.  For the first mile or so it is a dirt road with potholes.  While driving down this road slowly, I noticed as if the object had started to follow me.  As soon as I hit the pavement I hit the gas.  For the next 10 minutes or so the object got closer and brighter.  At one point my radio volume turned way up for no reason at all.  After that, I stopped trying to keep location of it and floored it all the way home which is about 40 minutes more but only took me about 30 minutes.  After reaching my home, I spent about 20 minutes trying to locate the object which was gone.  The object when I first saw it was about the size of a pinhead if the pin is held at arms reach away. When I last looked at it when it was following me was about the size of a marble about arms reach away that was a little hazy on one side.;38.1622;-120.858
Very bright light appears, disappears, reappears.;2005-09-28 21:10:00;5 to 6 minutes;Very bright light appears, disappears, reappears. On Wednesday, Sept. 28, 2005, at approximately 9:10 PM (PDT), my wife and I were sitting outside, facing east, enjoying the clear night sky.  I turned to my left (North) and saw a bright (Magnitude -5.0 or brighter) light and said to my wife What's that light? A plane with its landing lights on?  In the time it took for her to turn her head (about 1 to 1 1/2 seconds) the light dimmed to look like any other star in the sky, and within another 2 seconds it was completely gone from sight.  It did not really appear to dim down (or drop below the horizon), but rather it appeared to fly directly away from us. About four minutes later, while I was still watching that area of the sky, I said to my wife Here it comes again.  It slowly reappeared as a faint, distant star and within 2 to 3 seconds was again very bright (Mag. -5.0 or brighter).   My wife said If it gets any closer, I'm going in the house.  It then again appeared to fly directly away from us to the North and disappeared within 3 seconds.  We never saw it again after that. ((NUFORC Note:  No sightings of the International Space Station or of Iridium satellites would have been visible from Valley Springs, CA, on this date, at the time indicated, according to <www.heavens-above.com>.  PD));38.1622;-120.858
