My father convinced me to report my abduction. So here it is.;1997-05-13 19:30:00;2.5;My father convinced me to report my abduction. So here it is. Around May 1997 it was pretty bright out even though it was about 9:30 pm. I believe there was a full or close to a full moon that night. My best friend, another buddy of ours and I all had a few beers and decided to go for a walk along the lakeside which was really low due to the major drought we had. We parked our truck on the lakeside and started off. We walked about a mile away when I noticed a very bright blue star. I pointed it out to the other guys and we continued on our way. We walked about another half mile and I kept looking at this star when one of the other guys said to me that he needed to sit for a minute. My buddy was 6&#82172&#8221 at about 260 lbs at that time. As we sat and chatted I noticed the star had started to move. I then thought to myself that it might be an airplane that was coming right toward us and I didn&#8217t notice it moving. My friend asked me why I got so quiet and I told him that I was watching this light. He joked and said it was a UFO and we all chuckled a little. We all sat there for a about 1 minute and as eerie as it may sound we all stood up at once and looked at each other. The object was now very close and seemed to be headed in our direction at a great rate of speed. We all stumbled around and started to head back to the truck. Walking fast and checking behind ourselves, I noticed it was now about a foot ball length away.  The object was teardrop shape and almost looked metalic that glowed bright blue at first but looked white as it came closer.  I high tailed it and began to run. This is when things get a little fuzzy in my memory. I remember running, feeling my heart beating really hard. I stepped on a stick and made it crack. I remember hearing a sound about the same high pitch sound it makes when you turn on your television. I don&#8217t remember hearing my friends anymore or even thinking to turn around. I remember opening my eyes slightly and seeing hardly anything. It was so black and dark wherever I was. I was lying on something flat that was at an angle. I looked down what seemed to be a hallway with an opening about 1 ½&#8217 wide. It was a very tall opening and couldn&#8217t see the top of it. I noticed an oval shaped hole in what I thought was the floor and could see about 5 sections of finned propellers spinning in reverse direction of each other.  I couldn&#8217t hear anything except a low hum sound that was steady. I saw a transparent plate of what seemed to be glass with markings on it. The next thing I know I hear my friends yelling and running towards me. I was lying up against my friend&#8217s truck. They began to ask me where I was. I told them I remembered running toward the truck after seeing the light and then hearing them just know. They didn&#8217t remember the light and said it was already 12:30 am and that when they got to the truck I wasn&#8217t there. They thought I ran home and went there to pick me up. After about 2 hours of waiting for me with no return they went back out to the lake to find me. After another hour of looking for me they decided to go back home and that is when they saw me there by the truck. At first I didn&#8217t remember what I saw until about 2 years later.  I couldn&#8217t explain why there was a long lapse in time. I tried to talk to my buddy but he said he doesn&#8217t remember any light. He only remembers me running off and missing until he came back with the truck and them finding me there. I tried to talk to my best friend and he never wanted to talk about it. He always said for me to shut up about it. After 9 years of trying to talk about it with him he finally said he remembers the reason why we ALL started to run. He remembers the light flying by at a great speed and then disappearing but never hearing anything. He said for me being gone for 2 ½ hours boggled him for years and wanted to know where I went. I told him the things I remembered and he said he doesn&#8217t want to talk about it and will never talk about it again. I tried several times but he gets angry and walks away. I never told my father or anyone what happened.  One day he told me about an encounter he had and I decided to let him know what happened to me.  Since then he told me about this site and keeps asking me if I am going to post my experience. There you go Dad.  It is now posted.  I love you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));38.1622;-120.858
