Yellow white lights in the sky turned an orange color and accelerated at a tremendous speed.;2003-09-26 20:25:00;15 secs;Yellow white lights in the sky turned an orange color and accelerated at a tremendous speed. My son and I were in the vicinity of Fort and Campbell Road near Wapato Wa and traveling west.  My son said hey look airplanes following each other.  We then observed two yellow white lights in the sky a few miles ahead of us traveling south at a slow rate of speed.  The light in front turned an orange color and accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed and headed south east.  The second light turned orange and followed until both were out of sight.;46.4522;-120.4304
Watched one bright speeding light go across the sky, head towards the moon, and was met by another bright speeding light and they cross;2004-04-01 19:30:00;10 minutes;Watched one bright speeding light go across the sky, head towards the moon, and was met by another bright speeding light and they cross My husband, who is 50 and a orchardist, went outside to get something from his pickup. It was nice today, so we had the sliding glass door open. It was a cool, clear night. My youngest son who is 17 was in the kitchen and I was in the office on the computer (I am 48, and a housewife)and I suddenly heard my husband hollar at me.  He told me to look outside. My youngest son and I ran out onto the back porch, and my other son who just had gotten out of the shower (21, two years of college, works at Costco)also came out to see what was the matter. My husband told us to look at that bright light in the sky that was moving north at a high rate of speed.  We watched it and then it turned back south. My youngest son went and got our binoculars and we all took turns looking at it. Suddenly it stopped and then went straight up into the sky towards the moon. I was looking into the binoculars at that time, and as it was almost to the moon, my husband and both sons yelled out,There is another one! As I was looking at the first object which was going straight toward the moon, out of the left came the second one straight toward the first one.  I watched them as their paths crossed. They were both just bright objects like a star, but my husband said for us to be able to see them so clearly at such a far distance, they had to be huge. The second one continued to the South and we lost sight of it quit quickly, but the first one came back from behind the moon and turned back toward us and then went in a NW direction.  We watched it for a couple more minutes and then lost sight of it. My oldest son, when he was looking at it through the binoculars, described it's movement like a worm, and so did my youngest, although he wasn't sure if it was because he was shaking! Needless to say, we are now believers in UFOS.  My husband has always been, I thought I saw one once, but never really believed to much that they existed, but after seeing what we saw tonight, we all do. If I hadn't seen the second one, I might! have thought it was a satallite, but like my husband said, it was going way to fast to be one, and it wasn't going in one direction.  When that second one showed up, it was just too much. The sad thing is is that it happened on April 1, and no one will believe us. We called our daughter in Seattle, and she kept saying April Fools, I don't know if she yet believes us! But we know what we saw, and it was for real.;46.4522;-120.4304
50+ Wapato string of lights.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-16 21:00:00;15 minutes;50+ Wapato string of lights I was sitting in the hot tub, and a moving light caught my eye at 30 degrees elevation from my vantage point. Then I saw more of them following. They first were close to a few hundred yards, then as the string lengthened they became miles apart. It was ultimately like a string of white Christmas lights. No blinking. Solid white. I watched 20 or so, there may have been more before I noticed them. They moved about the speed of general airplane at around 3000-5000ft. I ran inside to get my night vision camera (sionyx aurora), I recorded another 30 or so pass by. They were on the same linear flight path, approximately moving from Mt. Adams towards Hanford. The last one in the string did a deviation from the path and went strait over the top of me moving swiftly, from when I saw him above south White Swan to where I could not see him over HWY 241, the distance is about 34 miles and he did it in about 60 seconds, the math of this equates to 2040mph.  No sound.  They! were simply bright lights in the sky, brighter than a star.  My camera did not record though, which is embarrassing. Maybe I didn't hit the rec button correctly. There was commercial aviation, I saw 3 regular planes, 2 of which had near misses on their normal paths, I thought they were going to hit the crafts. I am a USN trained observer.;46.4522;-120.4304
