10 unidentified cigar-shaped crafts glide over Hillsville, VA;2011-06-13 20:15:00;30 minutes;10 unidentified cigar-shaped crafts glide over Hillsville, VA On the evening of June 13th, 2011, at approximately 08:15 PM, two Hillsville residents were standing out in their driveway, when one spotted a cigar-shaped craft gliding across the cloudless sky from north to south.  The craft appeared to be silver or light in color, as it reflected the sun and made no noise and left no chemtrail.   Though strange, the event seemed insignificant until another identical craft came into view less than one minute later, following the same altitude and path.  The two original witnesses were then joined by two additional persons, and they all continued to watch as three more of the same type of crafts followed, appearing about one minute apart.   The only difference in the three subsequent crafts was that they were still appearing to adhere to the same directional path but flew lower or higher than the originial two. No more than five minutes later, another craft appeared coming from the opposite direction of the original five, this one flying from southeast to northwest.  Speed and altitude were similar but the craft seemed orange in color (perhaps a reflection of the setting sun which was an orange/pink hue).   Then rather quickly, perhaps within thirty seconds of the former, another craft was seen flying from the original north position, but was traveling southwest, instead of directly south.  Occurring at the same time, an easily discernible commercial plane was flying from south to north.   Following closely behind but at a slower speed, characteristic of the other unidentified crafts, another craft travels from southeast to northwest.   Traveling parallel but in the exact opposite direction, another one of the crafts is seen. The two parallel crafts appear from the naked eye and with aid of a digital camera, to be dangerously close to one another. (Never seen with commercial flights.)  Their average speeds appeared to be too slow for any familiar craft at such low altitudes.  This was apparent to the original witness, of military background, but obvious to the other witnesses as well.   Moments after the previous three were witnessed all at once, a dark or black craft of indiscernible shape was seen traveling from northeast to southwest, but was on a completely separate path than any of the other crafts.   During the entire event, one witness was using an application (PlaneFinder) on his iPhone, which turned up NO commercial flights at the time, with the exception of the obvious aforementioned flight. The entire event lasted approximately thirty minutes, with no more activity observed from the witnesses for the additional half hour they remained outside.;36.7461;-80.7243
