Fast moving, silent, black rectangle seen by military flight enthusiast and amateur astronomer in Laramie, WY.;2006-11-07 21:00:00;3-5 seconds;Fast moving, silent, black rectangle seen by military flight enthusiast and amateur astronomer in Laramie, WY. I was standing in The University of Wyoming football stadium parking lot at about 9:00PM.  As a passionate sky watcher, I was looking for Iridium satellite flares and one had been predicted to pass right over the stadium.  I was disappointed to see the parking lot lights on, as it would add to the light pollution… nevertheless, I stayed to watch it.  After the satellite flew over, a rectangular shaped object (it was more like a trapezoid with the front narrower than the rear) passed over the parking lot at an altitude of about 100 ft traveling southeast at about 60 mph.  Total distance from me to it was no more than 150 ft (practically flew right over me).  The object was completely black with no markings or lights whatsoever.  It was also completely silent.  The object was slightly larger than a car but very flat (about 2 feet tall).  The only reason I saw it was because some light from the parking lot lights was bounced skyward.  After about 4 seconds, the object was out of reach of the lights and had disappeared from view.  There would have been no way to see such a black and silent object without light pollution.  As a student of mechanical engineering and a flying enthusiast, I can say without doubt that this object was not a conventional aircraft.  I don’t know whether it was top-secret military or otherwise, but it was traveling towards the I-80 pass which leads to Cheyenne and Warren Air Force Base about 50 miles away.  This is a night that I will vividly remember for the rest of my life.  I’ve read some of the other reports on this website and I was happy to find that I’m not the only person who has seen an object similar to this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.4280975155279;-105.642019254658
