4-5 bright flashes of blue light.  One light brighter (closer or larger) than others it disappeared last.;2000-08-23 02:17:00;5 sec;4-5 bright flashes of blue light.  One light brighter (closer or larger) than others it disappeared last. At about 0217 23Aug00 I got up to use the bathroom. I didn't turn on any lights in the house.  I have computer equip and radios that has LEDs that guide my way to the restroom. When I started back across the house one of my dogs wanted outside to do his business, this is normal.  I let the dog out and I looked up towards the moon which was mostly covered with clouds.  I saw some blue flashes.  I was still partially asleep so I rubbed my eyes so I could focus.  Once I got my eyes clear I saw several flashes of blue light. I rubbed my eyes again because I was blinking during the event.  I looked again towards the moon and saw two last flashes.  At this point my eyes were wide open and clear.  The flashes were circles that when flashed turned small and disappeared.  The total time was maybe 1/3 to 1/4 sec.  They appeared to look like an arc when using a electric welder.  If you can imagin seeing a welder strike the first arc to begin his weld.  This was also the colour.  A very beautiful blue flash that disappered as quick as it lit. I thought it might have been a cloud moving across a star.  But I realized that I have to much experience to believe this.  I didn't have my Celestron software loaded, but took the time to do so.  I noticed that there were two stars near the moon.  Both having a mag of less than 1.  Jupiter was also just above the moon.  But the flashes were not that far away.  They were between the moon and earth. The moon was at RA/Dec = 4h 31m 29s / 17d 31m 3sN.  I was looking east. This morning (020024Aug00) I got up again at about the same time (I had the alarm set).  I went thru the same routine.  I went out looked up at the moon which was partialy covered with clouds (about the same as the night before).  I didn't see anything out of the norm. I live 35 miles SE of Tucson.  The lights of Tucson do not effect viewing the stars.  We have a clear view with out any twinkling (atmostpheric changes). This even was not normal.  I even called Kitt Peak and left a message.  It was not returned. I have over 5k hours flying corporate jets.  This was not aircraft strobe lights.  There was no sound.  This is the first time I have ever reported anything out of the ordinary. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke to this witness, and we found him to be quite credible.  He describes himself as an amateur astronomer and sky watcher, and has been a pilot for approximately 25 years.  PD));32.0027;-110.7053
