Very strange, luminous blue cloud at around 8:pm.;2000-07-08 20:30:00;30 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Despite the date and time discrepancy, we believe this person may be describing the missile launch that occurred at approximately 2125 hrs. (PDT) on Friday, 07JL00.  We will contact the party to confirm.  PD)) Very strange, luminous blue cloud at around 8:pm. My girlfriend and I both witnessed a strange neon blue cloud in the sky, just after 8:pm.  Cloud is the best word I could use to describe it, but its shape was too strange and defined to be an actual cloud.  At first it looked sort of like a beam from a flood light, only with no origin.  It had defined edges, like from a flashlight, but at the end of the cloud it changed direction, with a sort of triangular point.  The sky was not totally black yet, but there were no other clouds in the sky what so ever.  This cloud/thing was definatlly luminous.  It didn't move or do anything else strange, but in all my life I've never seen anything else like it.  My girlfriend agreed that she'd never seen anything like it.  The next day at work, two co-workers said they saw the same thing, but one of them said they saw something in addition.  In her desription, she said she first saw a bright light in the sky, brighter than the moon and about as large as a basketball.  It put out three beams of light, one from each side and one from the middle.  She went in her house to go get her mother to see it, but when she came out it was gone, and all that was left was that blue neon cloud in its place.  I looked in the local newspapers the next few days, but saw no reports of this strange occurence, which made me delay in make any report myself.  I've never made a report before, but this was that strange.  Even stranger was that two days in that same week, prior to the blue cloud I saw some strange things in the sky at a far distance.  Both in daylight hours, and one of the times with my girlfriend their with me while we were washing the car.  She is also skeptical about ufo's and things, but she agreed on both occurences that what we saw was clearly unidentifiable.  I've read only one report the was very similar to the luminous blue cloud I had seen, which is partially what made me give mine as well.;32.9728;-117.0379
