So for this intense light,being thesize of a football field, to just disappear as though a switch was flipped off...;2001-08-17 22:10:00;about a min.;So for this intense light,being thesize of a football field, to just disappear as though a switch was flipped off... My son and I  were visiting in Green Lake,Wisconsin.That friday night, I was walking Rocky the dog when I saw a flash of light, perhaps a falling star. Then a bright, intense starlike light  was approaching from the west at a medium rate of speed.I thought this might be the lights on a commercial jet. Straining to see any blinking lights I thought where is the engine noise? I was listening for gas propellent for balloons. The bright intense light passed overhead and to the east. Still no green or red flashing lights.Then it was just gone, like it went into a black hole or something. The night was very clear and one could see all the stars including the south to north track of satellites.So for this intense light,being the size of a football field,to just disappear as though a switch was flipped off seemed impossible. I went back to get my son and binoculars to go back out.Again a shooting star and then a bright light.Looking at the object through our binoculars we still did not see any flashing aircraft lights,no noise,just motion.The white intense light,smaller though, or the same one farther away, heading in a different direction? Did anyone else see this?;43.8414;-88.965
Very bright object low in the evening sky that seemed to spin while emitting light in many different colors.;2004-12-26 20:00:00;at least 1 1/2 hrs;Very bright object low in the evening sky that seemed to spin while emitting light in many different colors. I was driving on Hwy 73 S and Hwy 23 W in Green Lake County last evening when I noticed a very bright, twinkling star very low on the horizon. The light that I was observing was in the to teh southeast, but it continued to hold my attention because of the intensity of the light and it seemed to change from a white to blueish to green hued light. I thought it may be a aircraft due to the intensity of the light.I arrived at my parents house and remained visiting for approx a half hour, when I was going to leave I noticed the light was in the exact location as when I arrived. I knew it could not be a aircraft as it had remained stationary in the sky. I asked both my father and mother to take a look at the light to see if they had any idea as to what it may be. It was then that I remembered that in early August of 2003 we had a observed a similiar light in teh sky in the exact location and had reported it to our local sheriff department becasue through the binoculars it seemed to be a spining object with red, blue & green lights that remained in the same spot before abruptly disappearing. My father and I observed the object through 10x binoculars, at this time we observed an object that seemed to spin (as if a conical shape - imaging a short, fat ice cream cone on it's side) with every color of teh rainbow being emmitted from the circular end. With your naked eye you could continue to observe colors changing, but only in hues of red to blue to green. We then called a friend who lives on the outskirts of Green Lake, he also saw it to teh southeast, slighlty abov ethe horizon and observed teh similar movement and colors that we did through his spotting scope. I then departed my parents home and proceded to a my boyfriends home between Green Lake and Markesan, WI. I watched the object remain stationary in the sky the entire drive and it continued to change colors. At this time, my boyfriend and his nephew and I sat on a hill and continued to view it through binoculars at 10x. The object continued to spin and emit colors from the circular side. At this time we also noticed 4 planes flying from west to east (at a very fast speed) within very close proximity to each other. They seemed to fly right in front of the object, though the object seemed to be quite further into the atmosphere. At about 9:30 we stopped watching the object. Several of our neighbors have reported of seeing the same object until 10 pm at night. No matter what it may be. it was definetly an experience I will never forget. If anyone else has seen this object, please share your experience.;43.8414;-88.965
Bright orange lights falling straight down from white lights;2008-10-06 19:45:00;5 MINUTES;Bright orange lights falling straight down from white lights We saw this while driving down the highway near Green Lake, WI.  There were 3 white lights that seemed to hover in a particular area, they then each dropped several large very bright orange lights that fell straight down and then disappeared.  The white lights then took off to the northwest at an extremely high rate of speed.  The speed was way faster than any military aircraft. Within a few seconds you could not even see them anymore.;43.8414;-88.965
