3 fading orange lights and small, white, sparkler lights west/southwest of Green Lake, WI.;2014-01-08 17:30:00;1 1/2 hours+;3 fading orange lights and small, white, sparkler lights west/southwest of Green Lake, WI It was January 8th at about 5:30pm I was in the parking lot of my apartment building waiting for my boyfriend to unlock our truck door.  I was looking toward the west, hoping to glimpse the last bit of sunset sky, when all of a sudden an orange light gradually appeared (about ½ to ¾ the size of a dime if held out at arm’s length).  It was a faint light that became very bright and then faded out (lasted about 6-8 seconds).  To the left of that (facing west, southwest), the exact same light appeared, in the exact same manner, for the same length of time.  To the left of that (facing south, southwest), about double the distance of the second light to the first, the exact same light appeared, same manner, same length of time.  Immediately after the third orange light disappeared, “small, white, sparkler lights” appeared in the sky, above and within the entire span where the three orange lights had been.  I call these “sparkler lights” because the closest thing I can compare them to is a sparkler the sparks are bright, yet fade quickly.  These “small, white, sparkler lights” were inconsistent or erratic (no pattern to them) and their density was higher when they initially appeared.  We ran into town to the gas station and drove the long way home to continue monitoring the sky.  As the density of these “small, white, sparkler lights” decreased, they moved greater distances between reappearing in their sparkle/twinkling fashion.  Once home my boyfriend worked in the garage until about 7:30pm, and these “small, white, sparkler lights” had continued even after he called it a night.  The duration of these lights was 1 ½ hours+. I agree that the orange lights we witnessed were a very similar color to that of street lights, however, they were much brighter and from a spatial stand point, well above the street and could not be mistaken as street lights.  I have no guess as to what the “small, white, sparkler lights” are, as this is our first encounter with lights of this fashion (in person or otherwise).  In my opinion (not speaking for my boyfriend), I think that the 3 separate orange lights were not separate ufo’s, but part of a larger craft, however, a formation was never presented.  This experience was exhilarating, but has left us feeling a little nervous since this all happened right outside our residence and we have only lived here about 5 months.;43.8414;-88.965
