Gliding white light over Leelanau State Park;2010-07-07 00:30:00;20 sec;Gliding white light over Leelanau State Park I was in Northport, MI @ Leelanau State Park.   I was camping with my girlfriend and another couple that were friends of mine. In the early hours of July 7th, just after midnight, my girlfriend and I had decided to take a walk to the lakeshore area to have a view of the stars.  We had left my friend at the campfire alone, his wife had recently retired for the night in their tent.  It had been fairly cloudy the previous night and this particular night was much clearer, so I wanted to get a good view of the stars before we were to leave the campgrounds the following afternoon.  We walked to the shoreline area and sat at a bench that overlooked Lake Michigan from a distance.  The bench looking north, over the rocks and weeds that led to the vast waters of the lake.  The sky was fairly clear and it was still night. I remember commenting to my girlfriend on how beautiful the stars were.  My girlfriend was looking for the Pleides constellation but couldn't remember exactly! what it looked like or where to find it.  As we sat there, I noticed that some clouds were moving in from the northwest and we wouldn't have much time left with the clear sky.  The clouds seemed to be moving in, fairly quickly.  I turned my head to look at the southern sky and saw a satellite moving across the atmosphere and I pointed this out to her.  I jokingly told her that for all we knew it could be a spaceship disguised as a satellite.  She didn't seem to want to go along with this joke and she repeatedly told me that it was a satellite.  I told her I was just kidding and told her it was a satellite.  At this time, I began turning my head to look back towards the lake.  My eyes quickly caught sight of a very bright white light coming in from the northwest, almost as if it came out of nowhere. Instantly I stated to her, What is that?.   We observed a very brilliant and bright white light coming in from the northwest heading in a slightly southeastly direction.  This light did not pulsate or flash, in anyway.  It was a steady light that moved briskly across the night sky, almost as if it was gliding.  Also, the light or object made no sound.  During its path of flight, it's altitude did not seem to change.  It's difficult to judge how high it was in the sky, but it appeared to be flying very low.  Perhaps a 1,000 to 2,000 feet.  It steadily glided past us.  My girlfriend attempting to tell me that it was probably just a plane, but I saw no flashing lights of a plane that I'm used to seeing.  I could make no shape out behind the light.  It was so solid and bright, that if did come from an object, the light completely engulfed it.  This light continued to glide past us and over the treetops of the campgrounds, directly to the south of us.  From this vantage point we could see the back end of this moving object and the light was just as bright and brilliant from the back as it was from the front.  At this point, the object slowly disappeared into the cloud or mist cover that just hung over the treetops, and out of our sight.  As it began to fade into the low cloud\mist cover, the white light began to fade.  I'm uncertain but I thought I saw some solid form to the object, catching sight of perhaps the back end of an object, but like I said I can't be sure.  I thought I caught view a small orb like object that seemed to be attached to a larger object.  Then, it was gone.  All in all, this episode lasted about 20 seconds, from the time I first saw the object 'til it disappeared over the treetops. Most importantly to me, though, was that there was no sound.  This object was absolutely silent.  This object flew very low, as far as plane standards go and I'm still amazed that there was no sound!   I'm completely baffled by the brightness and silence of this object.  I'm left with something that is absolutely mysterious to me.;45.1127;-85.6166
