While camping in the late 80's we had several encounters with a silent triangular object 300-400ft above our camp site;1986-05-12 20:45:00;04 minutes;While camping in the late 80's we had several encounters with a silent triangular object 300-400ft above our camp site My friend and I did a lot of camping near Silver Lake State Park just outside of Dade city in the 70's and 80's. All but a few of our sightings took place usually just after dark.  This was just the first time that we saw something in that area. After that on many occations we saw the same type (shape) of object. Also there was a round or oval object that we would see sometimes The triangular object was about 50 to 75 yards from tip to tip. I am 54 years old now, and at the time we were both employed at a hospitals in St. Petersburg, Fl I (we) didn't want to sound crazy to everyone, specificlly to the places that we worked.  I was a respiratory therapist and he was a LPN. We were both reciently divorced and did a bunch of camping during that time. We told very few other friends about our sightings.  Although after the first time it seemed that for about the next aprox. 2 years nearly we saw something that neither one of us could explain. Anyway each time we saw these crafts they moved almost directly over our heads and made no noise that we could hear. But it seemed that one could feel like a presure or something when they were directly over head. I really don't know how to explain it. They almost always moved from norhwest to southeast very low no more than 300 to 400 ft off the ground. We were both into model rocketry when we were younger and kind of used to judging height. We even tried shinning a spot light at them a few times but it didn't seem to do anything so we only did that a few times. The bottom of the triangular craft was smooth and kind of (roundish). The round craft went bye much faster and was harder to make out. For a while we were camping sometimes 2 weekends a month and for that period of time we saw something almost every time we went up. I wish I could tell you more but thats about it. After about 2 years they just stopped showing up. We both remarried and stopped doing so much camping. As I said. I am 54 years old now and dying of liver disease so I really don't care what anyone thinks about me anymore. I was a very interesting time i my life and at least now someone else knows. I don't have any photography but I will try and draw then scan and email the shape area map and direction to you. We did take a few pictures but my friend has since gotten very religious destroying the photos saying that it was the work of satan. I was his camera. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));28.3404867088607;-82.2424639240507
