Two white craft, flying in close formation.;2000-01-24 13:00:00;1 minute;Two white craft, flying in close formation. Two white craft, I first saw them come over the top of the mountain, (I was on a ski trip at Mammoth Mountain California) I was sitting in the snow. I looked up and saw two disks, traveling in close formation. They appeared to be small, but I could tell they were in the upper atmosphere. My father told me they were birds, but birds cannot fly at 30,000 feet. I looked away and they were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.6094;-118.8656
From the west, I noticed a dark disk shaped object slowly moving and stopping as it made its way towards my location.;2001-08-07 03:45:00;5 minutes;From the west, I noticed a dark disk shaped object slowly moving and stopping as it made its way towards my location. I was camping out near Mammoth Mountain by the hot springs when all of a sudden the crickets stopped chirping. I was awake at this time because I was staring at the stars. Out here you can see all of the stars without the city lights interfering. From the west, I noticed a dark disk shaped object slowly moving and stopping as it made its way towards my location. I wasn't sure whether it was my eyes playing tricks on me until the object got within 50 feet of where I was. I was inside my sleeping bag next to my girlfriend which was asleep. I did not want to wake her in fear of her possibly scaring the craft away by getting up and screaming. I was frozen in fear and curiosity. I watched the craft slowly slip by, stopping for a few seconds at a time and continuing. There was a very slight hum amongst the silence around me. It was very eerie. At one moment, the craft emitted a dull blue beam from the far edge of disc as though it was searching for something. When this craft, which was now clearly visible as a shiny disc, came to a complete stop again, I crawled towards it hoping it didn't detect me. I kept thinking that this craft might have infrared or heat sensors to detect any movement outside, but there was no deviation from its course/task. At one point, the craft got to about 2 feet from the ground and the humming became louder. I got back without causing any notice when all of a sudden, the craft seemed to become enveloped by the surrounding area. It's as though it became invisible but with a slight atmospheric distortion. I watched this mirage-like phenominon float upwards until I could not see it anymore due to the darkness around. After about 5 minutes, the crickets started again and I stayed up until the sunrise anticipating the return of the object. This has changed my life forever and makes me realize that we might not be alone after all. I just wish that contact with another intelligent life form wouldn't be so uncommon or so hush-hush. I can handle the fact that there might be other humanoid ! lifeform s that we can associate with and learn from. Why should there be fear in contact? It's not like it's an alien inquisition or missionaries! They are scientists exploring without trying to interfere with our future. Something like Star Trek's prime directive of non interference. Besides, we have more to gain from them than they do from us. Maybe it is a form of mercy to our primitive minds that they don't make contact yet - or self preservation.;37.6094;-118.8656
