I was looking at what was, only an hour earlier, CLEAR BLUE SKIES, being filled up by what might be referred to as chemtrails. As I was;2002-10-12 15:49:00;10-15 minutes;I was looking at what was, only an hour earlier, CLEAR BLUE SKIES, being filled up by what might be referred to as chemtrails. As I was watching them form in the sky, I was watching one particular plane go by when something caught my eye. There was a blinking dot, that was not blinking in any sequence I have ever seen on a plane. It was behind the jet that flew by and was in now way a satelite or another plane. The direction I was facing was South-Southeast, the sun was at about 60 degrees off the horizon to the West. This object was not reflecting light from the Sun however. The blinking pattern was like this: Flaaash,pause,pause,pause,Flaaash,pause,pause,pause,Flaaash - The flashing was longer than a standard strobe flash and the movement of the object was kind of hover like, slow movement towards the West/SouthWest. I ran inside to get my video camera and when I returned, the object was still there. The size of this thing and relative distance would be about the size of normal star in the night sky. It was very small for certain, but at such a far off distance, could easily have been 30 feet in diameter or more? I tried zooming in object as I could see with naked eye, it was behind chemtrail, but against clear blue sky part, each strobe was noticeable only if you were looking right at it. Otherwise, no chance in hell you could spot it. This was a TOTAL luck shot, like one other occasion where I was looking up, and equally as exciting. Had to report it as it happened... Thanks, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that chemtrails are, in fact, normal contrails behind high-flying aircraft.  We do not know what the witness, who elects to remain anonymous, observed.  PD));40.27855;-74.07565
Circling lights in Monmouth County Night Sky.  ((anonymous report));2016-11-23 23:00:00;Ongoing;Circling lights in Monmouth County Night Sky Saw in southern sky one circling white cloudy light then joined by 2nd and third circling and criss-crossing each other.  First thought might be from someone's Holiday lights but circles were not consistent and the shapes were very ephemeral. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.27855;-74.07565
