More orbs near the Jersey Shore area...;2004-03-21 20:25:00;3 minutes;More orbs near the Jersey Shore area... This is the 5th event I've encountered in the past 3 months, twice reporting to this board. It has increased in frequency and because of other events in conjunct with this, I am beginning to suspect other aspects of these 'sightings' might be in effect.  I was heading out to the garage to get a tool when I had this 'hunch' or sinking feeling about the night sky. I almost felt panicked, something I haven't felt since I was young boy and it was exactly the same feeling, specifically a feeling of being watched.  The temperature had dropped significantly, clearing the night sky for some good star viewing this evening. I look at the night sky each and every night, as well as study astrology and do some amateur astrononmy, so I am VERY aware of the placement of Venus, Mars and Jupiter and their present locations in the evening sky.  What I first thought to be Venus, was a bit too high yet in the sky for 8:25pm. I looked at it and kept looking at it, and thought it was odd that it looked to be as bright as it did back in late February, when it was much brighter. I continued to look at it and then it did the unexpected, it faded into a very faint dot, and then disappeared. I let out a laugh and said, I knew it... With that, I looked DIRECTLY above my head, 90 degrees, 12 O'clock and saw 2 more bright 'dots' or orbs' which were flying in an echelon right formation, heading due east. I yelled out, I SEE YOU! and with that, they faded from bright to dim dots and continued on their flight path.  I tracked them for about 30 seconds until I couldn't see them anymore and if ANYONE who looks at the light sky knows about simply watching planes, you can see a plane head on and notice lens flare, which catches your attention at first, then you know it's a plane of course when it approaches closer and then you usually can continue to track it as it heads out in ANY direction thereafter. No, these things were bright looking stars, lower than real stars or satelites even, then turned into dim dots (which then made them look more natural like stars). I hope this makes sense.  This is the most interesting part. I looked back in the direction of the first object and as I looked, it came 'zooming' back into full brightnest from being merely dim. This is NOT my first experience and in light of recent events, I anticipate these events to be more frequent and spectacular. I will try to keep my camera on me more readily, but I thought I MUST report this just in case someone else took notice of any of it.  Thank you for letting me contribute this...;40.27855;-74.07565
Two extremely bright and large orbs appeared out of nowhere east of my home. They hovered for approximately 10 to 15 seconds moved furt;2019-10-14 20:13:00;10-15 seconds;Two extremely bright and large orbs appeared out of nowhere east of my home. They hovered for approximately 10 to 15 seconds moved further east and disappeared. I live about 5 miles from the Atlantic Ocean and I speculate they were possibly over it, but I can't be certain of the distance. The two objects were the biggest and brightest objects I've ever seen in the night sky.  I can honestly say they were not flares, planes, celestial bodies or light anomalies. I have been looking at the night sky for over 20 years and I know what satellites look like moving across the night sky. Here's the kicker, this is not the first time I've seen events like this happen. On two other occasion I've seen strange lights in the same general vicinity! Twice they were pulsing, but there was only one object. Last night it was two solid, large and bright objects that just appeared. My wife and I, last summer, witnessed two lime green orbs heading south and made an abrupt turn to! the southwest and accelerated rapidly out of site. I'm no UFO hunter, but these events are not normal. I am very nervous about posting this... I've told no one about it for fear of being considered a crackpot.;40.27855;-74.07565
