I noticed a vibrating red light in the sky. it seemed to be pulsing and moving back and forth.   ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));2019-11-30 06:00:00;20 minutes;I let my dog out around 6pm and noticed a vibrating red light in the sky. it seemed to be pulsing and moving back and forth. I told my mom to look out over the trees but she says it was a star. After about ten minutes the star was no longer in sight.  I ran to the corner store and what I saw shocked me.  as I turned the corner of the house to hop into my vehicle I saw it clear as day.  it was a craft hovering in the night sky.  I've seen drones and you can usually hear a faint buzz and programmed blinking.  but this was enormous and it was a saucer hovering low.  I heard gun shots off in the distance. as I sat in my vehicle petrified by the spinning hovering object it slowly cruised across the night sky.  there was bright rectangular lights on the dome shaped top. And an array of dim colored lights on the rotating base. the lights on the dome served as windows. it was low and from where I sat it seemed huge. I could even make out the color of the craft, blue steel.  i would estimate it was fifty yards wide, and when it trailed across the sky it made no sound. the 20-30 minute ordeal left me awestruck. and it was just in plain sight clear as day.  im probably not the most reputable source since I suffer from mental illness. but the fact that my mother saw the first UFO had me believing that something was happening in the night sky.  im thirty years old and in a recovery stage and take medication, receive therapy, and have not had hallucinations in about a decade. this was absolutely real and it was terrifying.  I didn't tell her what I had seen the second time. she would have dismissed it immediately. and without a shadow of a doubt i believed my eyes.  not to mention that the prior week I had seen two pulsing bright lights in the woods that seemed to be intelligent. and just like this incident they vanished leaving me questioning what I had saw.;43.4393999999998;-76.4613
