A teardrop shaped UFO rose from a small pond, hovered for a moment at the treeline, charged up, and accelerated into the SE sky.;2009-08-15 01:15:00;30 seconds;A teardrop shaped UFO rose from a small pond, hovered for a moment at the treeline, charged up, and accelerated into the SE sky. After a somewhat boring evening with 3 friends and I, we decided to go climb speak the word baptist church in a somewhat secluded area in Golden Valley. We picked this location because it was between a pair of ponds and there were limited residential homes so we could be loud and attend our activity freely. We parked about 2 blocks from the church (on kentucky ave s) in order to avoid getting the attention of any passing police vehicles that commonly passed the church parking lot. As we headed southbound on kentucky ave s, I noticed that through the thin tree line, there was wider than tall tear drop shaped object rising out of the water at a rate of about two feet per second. The object had three lights in a triangular arrangement on the bottom facing about 30 degrees from a vertical plane equally away from each other. The lights were bright enough to see the beams clearly, and we were about 200 feet away at this point, as we were walking toward the object! which was directly through the thin tree line at the end of the block. My friends were distracted by conversation, but as I walked about 20 feet behind them I began to call out hey! guys look at that!. At roughly seconds within that moment the object had reached a stand still, hovering barely a foot above the tree line. Just as my friends were attempting to locate the object I so clearly witnessed rise from the water, a charging sound came from the object, similar to zwooooOOOP!. Then the sky was illuminated by a flash from the object and the object accelerated away towards the south eastern sky in a 20 degree incline at a horizontal plane at an astonishing rate of what seemed to be just below the speed of sound. The only reason I state this seeming speed is due to the chugging brake like sound that came from the object as it accelerated from hovering above the pond. Any faster rate of acceleration and a sonic boom would have likely made for a rude ! awakening of the residents in the area. We proceeded to discus! s the ev ent and climb the church anyway. I will never forget what I saw that night, especially the minute I witnessed the scientifically unexplained event. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.0081333333333;-93.3608
