Pitch black UFOs with red-pink light that faded;2011-07-04 22:00:00;15 minutes;Pitch black UFOs with red-pink light that faded This report summarizes the sighting of at least 3 unidentified flying objects on the east side of Cincinnati in Anderson Township.  This happened on the evening of July 4, 2011, around 10 pm (time is approximate.  I did not check the exact time when the sightings occurred).  All three sightings occurred when there were fireworks going off in the sky, and later when the fireworks ceased, we had no more sightings. The first sighting happened at approximately 10 pm (plus or minus 15 minutes).  My son and his friends noticed a red/pinkish light in the distance to the southwest.  It grew larger as it got closer and then they said the light just went out.  That’s when I looked over to see what they were talking about.   At that time, I could see the object, but it was pitch black.  There were no lights on it at all, which ruled out commercial aircraft immediately.  Also, the shape of it was irregular.   From my angle, it looked to be somewhat triangle shaped, with the nose slightly rounded, but the “tail” was not straight as a triangle would be.  The tail was rounded, or bulged out.  It was almost heart-shaped, with the point being the nose.  If flew due north at this point and my wife then saw it as well.   After the red/pink light(s) when out, there were no more lights that appeared on it.  It flew into the distance and we lost sight of it.   The entire sighting lasted maybe a minute. The second sighting happened about 5 minutes later, around 10:05 pm.  This time I saw the red/pinkish light in the southwest.  It immediately got my attention since it was not blinking at all.  We watched as it came closer (heading approximately northwest) and before it got over our location, it turned east.   At that point the light began to diminish/fade out.  I watched it as the light faded out and at that point it was behind a tree in the neighbor’s yard so I could not get a good view of it.   I went to the other side of the tree to watch it as it headed east (I assumed it would be the black mass like I saw before) and I did not see it emerge from behind the tree.  I searched the sky but could not find it.  Again, the entire sighting lasted maybe a minute or more. The third sighting happened about 10 minutes later and this time it was again the red/pink light in the southwest.  I wanted to get a good look at this one and take a video with my phone.  I turned to tell me son that another one was heading our way, and as I turned back to look at it, it was gone. Being the 4th of July, it’s very easy for people to dismiss this as fireworks, but I can assure you that this was definitely NOT fireworks.  The black mass that flew north (the first sighting) moved about the same speed as the commercial jets that cross the sky in my area (there is an airport near, and we did see other aircraft that night).  But I have never seen an aircraft that just had one red/pink light (instead of the red/green that is required), that did NOT blink at all (commercial craft lights blink).   Also, the light faded out it didn’t turn off as in a switch.  It was gradual.  Plus the shape of the craft was NOT anything that I’ve ever seen.  Even if some would say that it was a commercial craft that had it’s lights off for some reason, the shape of the craft was not like any aircraft I have ever seen. There may have been one or two more sightings by my son and his friends before the initial sighting in this report, but it wasn’t until I saw the craft as described above that turned completely black that I started documenting the sightings.;39.1825302507151;-84.4759718165801
Bright light, ship cloaked out on me right in front of my eyes.;2013-10-27 20:30:00;1.5 minutes;Bright light, ship cloaked out on me right in front of my eyes. As always I was out on my deck checking out the clear dark sky's.  I do this several times during the evening every night weather it's clear out or not.  I have these Binoculars that can see star's that the naked eye can't see with out them. I had just got done scanning the Western sky's when an airliner coming out of the South heading East caught my eye.  I followed the plane for a few seconds (now I'm facing east) and I bent my head back while turning to the West and this huge bright light caught me, really by surprise.  It just wasn't there a few seconds ago. I live next to an airport and have flown myself a few times, so when I say that it was about 15,000 ft. that's a pretty good guess.  So any way I latch on to this light with these binoculars and I'm watching it fly over my head for about a minute and all of a sudden the light goes out but I can still see the damn thing.  I'm watching this for a good 30 seconds when it just cloaked out on me.  That's right, it just disappeared on me.  I saw what looked like heat waves first and it slowly just disappeared.  And it didn't make a sound. I got a really good look at this ship, it was teardrop shape with2 the small end going forward. It looked to be black and gray in color with oval shape windows on the sides.  It looked like a large light with some sort of markings the on the bottom.  I am in the process of making a mechanical drawing of the ship.  I feel like Richard Dreyfus in Close Encounters of the Third Kind with all the sketches and drawings I have hanging around in my office. This is by far the coolest thing that I have ever seen.;39.1825302507151;-84.4759718165801
