Two star-like lights, one red and the other blue, situated diagonally from each other before moving around in a circle and vanishing.;2019-09-26 20:45:00;3-7 minutes;Two star-like lights, one red and the other blue, situated diagonally from each other before moving around in a circle and vanishing. I was standing at Starbucks in the Lusby Commons Shopping Center and in the sky above Lusby Liquors, I saw two objects that I thought were stars at first.  One was a bright blood red and the other a bright ocean blue.  The objects were initially situated diagonally from each other at a distance.  I knew these weren't planes, because they weren't flashing the usual lights.  Suddenly, the objects started moving around in a circle while maintaining their linear diagonal distance from each other and I pulled my phone out, but as soon as I did so, the blue object suddenly vanished and as I prepared to take a video, the red object slowly disappeared as my fingers touched the video button.  I asked three men coming out of Salsa's Mexican Restaurant if they saw the aforementioned object and they said the saw it too, but didn't know what it was.;38.3642;-76.4378
A blood-red star-like light sitting low on the horizon with multiple planes in formation flashing white lights in the sky nearby.;2019-11-22 23:25:00;2-5 minutes;A blood-red star-like light sitting low on the horizon with multiple planes in formation flashing white lights in the sky nearby. I was standing on the back deck of my home watching the meteor shower around 11:25-11:30 pm Eastern Time, when I saw a star-like blood-red object sitting in the sky low on the western horizon behind the trees in my neighborhood. I knew this wasn't a plane as it had no flashing lights whatsoever and had the appearance of a star, albeit with a blood red color. I also saw several planes in the sky above the northwest horizon sitting in one place with flashing white lights, not far from the alleged UFO, forming a triangular formation in the sky. I tried taking a picture with my phone, but by then the object was obscured by the trees This comes almost 2 months after a UFO sighting I reported involving two star-like UFOs, one blood red and the other ocean blue, rotating in a circular formation while maintaining a perfectly linear distance from each other, before they vanished as I tried to take a picture. I suspect the blood-red star-like UFO in this report was on! e of the same two I sighted near Salsa's during my previous report, given its appearance and nature.;38.3642;-76.4378
