Possible alien encounter and or abduction in 1993.;1993-06-11 01:00:00;9 hours;Possible alien encounter and or abduction in 1993   Ok, where to start?  First let me say that I am sorry for waiting so long to report this “officially” as it never occurred to me to do so until today. This “event” and possible “abduction” happened while I was in the military and home on leave. I don’t recall the exact date or even the month but I do remember that it happened in 1993 and it wasn’t cold outside yet, there were still green leaves on the trees so it was in between the months of May to September. My parents lived in Lusby, Maryland at the time and I was home on leave for the weekend. They had left for the weekend to visit family and I had the house to myself.  No one was home but me. Being in the military (Navy) trained me to not need an alarm clock.  I was up by 6 a.m. every day (weekends too) without the use of ANY alarm clocks at all.  I never could sleep in even if I wanted to. I should say right now that I am relatively light sleeper and a lucid dreamer, that being said, I don’t believe that my encounter was a dream in any way.  I just wanted to mention that to show that what happened to me that night was something different than ANY lucid dream I had EVER had…  Please do not dismiss what I am about to say based on what I have admitted to.  In fact, I would like to get to the bottom of this once and for all to understand that what happened to me that night DID in fact happen.  So here’s my encounter:   I went to bed that Friday night at around 10 p.m. or 2200 hrs if you wish.  I don’t recall what time it was but at some point in the night I was roused to consciousness by what appeared to be very bright flashlight type lights being shined on my bedroom window.  They were bright enough to light my entire room.  Needless to say, I got up and went to the front door to see who it was shining those bright lights at my bedroom window.  When I opened the door I couldn’t believe what I saw…  I saw a craft, maybe 40’ in diameter that looked like a yoyo only flatter.  By that I mean it looked like two saucer shaped craft that were joined in the middle about two thirds of the way in.  The outer most edges of each half of the craft had a row of lights around them as well.  This may sound strange but I can’t remember whether the lights were multi colored or white.  The craft hung just above the tree line over the dirt road in front of the house and it was giving off the purest of white ! blue light from the bottom of the craft that fanned out beneath it.  There was also a sort of sparkle or electricity to the light. Now THIS is where it gets “different” for me.  Inside of this brilliant light was standing a tall skinny being with very long “bony” for lack of a better word, legs and arms with hands that had long bony fingers that seemed a bit out of proportion to the rest of the body.  I can’t remember if the being was clothed or not (don’t know why but I don’t).  I can tell you that it had a humanoid head with eyes that were VERY human, very thin lips and a thin almost nonexistent nose.  What also struck me odd about this being is that it had what looked like very long hair, only it was real thick, almost like dread locks but not nearly as messy…  So I am standing in my front door looking at this craft/light and being standing on the dirt road looking at ME and I am thinking to myself that I should run!  But where too?!  I don’t know where to go… I am paralyzed with fear.  I want to run so badly…  But then I hear a voice, not out loud, but IN MY HEAD!!! It says to  me, “Don’t be afraid.”  “You have no reason to be afraid.”  And all at once, I was calm.  I told myself, “I have nothing to be afraid of….”  And that was that. Just before waking up/coming to the next morning I had flash backs to when I was a child living in Fort Washington, Maryland and standing in my back yard looking up at the very same craft only this time it had what the voice in my head called  a “companion craft” with it.  All I saw of the companion craft were its lights and that the lights were in the shape of a triangle and that it moved around the main craft. (Totally unrelated to this story but possibly relevant is the fact that I also suffered from “missing time” while living there as a child)   Anyway, like I stated above, no matter what day it was, whether I had duty or it was an off day or weekend, I ALWAYS woke up at 6 a.m. NO EXCEPTIONS.  I NEVER slept in.  Except for this Saturday, I didn’t wake up this Saturday until 10:30 ish and I felt drugged.  VERY disoriented and a bit unstable (walking wise) and my nose hurt and was a bit bloody.  One nostril more so over the other. I believe it was my left nostril but I can’t recall.  I just know that when I woke up it felt like at some point I had my whole finger shoved up my nose. Now, some years later, I think it was 2003, I had a full body MRI done just out of curiosity.  No medical reason what so ever, just a company offered it as a means of early detection of heart disease or cancer.  So I paid to have the scan done.  I was shocked to be told that I have a small mass on one of my lungs (I should know which one but I don’t.)  I can get medical records of the scans though as I have had a scan done on the mass three times now to “monitor” its possible growth and it has shown no sign of change. Now, I was told by one doctor early on that they were a bit confused as this mass was not “calcified” so it should be growing in size at least slowly but since it isn’t doing anything they were not going to biopsy it so as not to provoke it…  Anyway, the most recent scan was within the past 12 months and there still has been no change in whatever is in my lung. I don’t know if the mass in my lung and the encounter I had are related but I thought I would add that in just as a side. In conclusion, I hope that my account can be of some assistance to you and maybe someone can assist me in trying to determine if this was a dream or reality.  I would have chalked it up to just a dream if it weren’t for the way I felt and the time at which I woke up Saturday, or the fact that my nose was bloody and sore. Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.3642;-76.4378
