The UFO had Orange and Yellow Lights.;1994-04-15 21:00:00;1-3 Minutes;The UFO had Orange and Yellow Lights. I'm not sure if anybody else saw this or not.  I was only about 12 years old.  The UFO, had yellow and orange lights on it.  I haven't seen anything like this since except for pictures on the Web.  The object seemed to appear out of no where.  Later on I would read about cow mutilations and thought it was pretty strange because there were cows over there where the UFO was at. I can remember this very vividly in my mind. It was sort of like a disk but it's like I could tell how it was moving. It was dark outside and a good distance away from me so I wasn't able to make out details. I was so completely astonished I didn't know what to say. I remember thinking, the flashing of the lights reminded me of the ships from the movie Close Encounters. I didn't tell anybody I saw it at the time. I didn't think they would believe me and accuse me of making things up for attention or something. I went inside real quick (my parents and I were visiting our neighbors) and then stepped back out... And I was gone. I remember feeling like they wanted to see me, like they were checking up on me. After that I was consumed with an extreme urge to do advanced math, and discuss so many things which were beyond my level (Supposedly) I felt like I had this mission. This is by all means no hoax or lie. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary date in 1994.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Sorry about that I don't remember exactly. Back when I saw this UFO there were not any such thing as web sites to report them to. Prior to this I haven't ever reported any of my sightings except one and got no response or acknowledgment for it. So to this day I still don't know to make of it. I have 3 more sightings if your interested, email me anytime. I can only guess when this 2nd sighting was, which I attempted to describe to in the form I filled out to the best of my ability.  I was still in Elementary school at the time, so it had to have been about 1994-95.  You also might be interested to know that after I saw the UFO, I wrote a book and it was published.;39.6248999999999;-75.8351
Object in Elkton sky with flashing orange lights, just floating/hovering. Looked like a planets or star but def not.;2013-10-25 10:00:00;30+ minutes;Object in Elkton sky with flashing orange lights, just floating/hovering. Looked like a planets or star but def not. Looking from route 2-13 near Brantwood Golf Course (Bittersweet) in the direction towards Delaarea where Walmart is (I'm estimating), I saw an object with blinking orange lights slowly float (like a kite does) out into the sky above to me looked like Walmart would be, and kinda just 'hang out' up in the sky for at least over 20 minutes.  It seemed to be floating up and down but it was far away but close enough to see it going up & down, just floating/hovering.  I noticed a number of planes (3-5) take paths directly at it or towards it, as if they were trying to identity what it was.  Two nights before last, a saw an object similar literally float on by at about the same height a bird would.  It again seemed like kite but was obviously not floating.  It was definitely propelling itself forward and made no sound at all.  It literally passed right above me again with flashing orange-ish lights.  It then headed out toward in direction of Walmart area where it again was! just 'hanging out'.  The object I saw above me did not seem that large but the object above Walmart had to have been large for me to see from my house.  You'd a thought it was a star if just glanced.  Definitely no meteor/kite/flare/balloon.  It never made any movements they I felt were 'outta this world' but whatev it was, it was definitely different.;39.6248999999999;-75.8351
