Most Spectacular U.F.O Sighting In History......;1993-06-04 21:10:00;5 minutes;Most Spectacular U.F.O Sighting In History...... A large dark, cylindrical air craft with boxed lights, contained within a seemingly corrugated surface hovered above the treeline of the west side of Campbell rd. at it's intersection with 14 mile rd.  The boxed lights ran along the circumferance of the object and did not move.  They were extraordinarily bright.  The object stopped and hovered in place once it reached the busy street and then slowly hovered south along Campbell rd.  The craft appeared to be about 30 feet above the rooftops of the residences within the neighborhood.  From our perspective which was directly across the street in the Foodland parking lot, the air craft appeared to be the lenght of 4 or 5 of the houses it was hovering above.  After having viewed the strange ship for about 5 minutes, it was no longer within our field of view.  About 3 or 4 minutes later, my father exited Foodland and we attempted to pursue the craft by driving south down Campbell, the same direction it was slowly hovering in.  It was no longer visible in any direction at that point however.  It was as if it had simply vanished.  The ship made no noise that was audible beyond the general hum of the Campbell rd. traffic below it.  It's cylindrical shape was easily discernable given that the sky was a violet color that night.;42.5029;-83.1021
Illuminated cylindrical craft hovers slowly and silently over residences.....;1993-06-25 20:00:00;5 minutes;Illuminated cylindrical craft hovers slowly and silently over residences..... It was a late August night.  The sky had a violet hue to it.  That is how, despite the night fall, I was able to discern the shape of the craft in question.  My mother, my grandmother, younger brother and I were parked in our Dodge Ram Charger waiting for my father to get out of Foodland.  My father had been working a number of years as a butcher in their meat department.  Our station wagon was in the shop at the time so, we used the Ram Charger to run errands during the day and were forced to pick my father up from work each night until our car was repaired.  The Foodland was located on Campbell Rd. where it intersects with 14 mile rd.  The Foodland no longer exists.  There is a large grocery store in it's place now, and an Outback Steakhouse restaraunt in the parking lot where we witnessed the bizarre aircraft.  We were parked facing the west side of Campbell Rd, waiting patiently for my father to get out of work.  He was scheduled to work until 8 pm that night and that's exactly when we saw it.  Some bright lights began shining through the treeline above the residences along Campbell Rd.  The lights were very low and they were intensely bright.  Although none of us said a word, I later found out that my grandmother and mother had both assumed, as I had, that the lights belonged to a low flying passenger jet.  Eventually the ascending object came into view above the treeline.  All of us were silent for a moment.  At first, we stared at the object in silence, each one of us trying to determine WHAT it was we were all looking at.  When no conclusion could be reached, my mother exclaimed Oh my God! and we all got out of the Ram Charger for a clearer view of the strange craft.  By the time I had gotten out of the Ramcharger, the aircraft was no longer ascending.  It remained completely still for about 45 seconds and then slowly, very slowly began hovering southbound along the west side of Campbell Rd.  The object appeared to be about 4 to 5 homeyard lengths, though it is impossible for me to judge exactly what our distance was.  From my perspective, it spanned the distance of about 5 of the front lawns of the residential homes it seemed to be hovering above.  The object was shaped like a relatively thin cylinder.  The perimeter of the craft was lined with rectangular lights of extraordinary brightness.  There were very thin slits dividing the lights that were the same shade as the rest of the exterior of the craft: black(or at least how it appeared as a silouhette against the violet sky).  The lights did not move along the perimeter of the vehicle.  They did however look like they were bound by a textured or coagulated transparent surface.  Those lights were the most incredible display of illumination I have ever witnessed.  I could not see any specific details along the exterior of the craft.  Under the lighting conditions, it appeared to be a flat black or at least a very dark brown.  Although I must admit, there was the hum of Campbell rd. and 14 mile rd. traffic from our position, the hovering object made no sound that could be distinguished from the passing cars.  It left no kind of trail in it's wake either.  After about 4 minutes watching the aircraft hover slowly and silently south along Campbell rd, my mother became frightened and began yelling for me to get back in the Ram Charger.  She later told me that she had begun thinking of all of those horrible U.F.O abduction stories she'd heard about and seen on various t.v shows.  At that point, I could only see about one third of the craft anyways.  It had hovered nearly out of sight behind some of the much taller trees.  I obeyed my mother and got back in the truck.  We all waited with inpatience for my father to exit Foodland.  When he got to the vehicle about 5 minutes later, we were all frantically telling him to get in the car and try to spot once more what we had already seen.  My father laughed at first.  He didn't seem to believe our story at all but after a few moments of him observing our enthusiasm over what we had witnessed, he hopped in the truck and started off down Campbell.  The flying vehicle had not been lost from our sight for more than 6 minutes and yet, as we drove further and further south down Campbell, we found that it was no longer visible in any direction.  Even at major intersections such as 13 and 12 mile, where we looked back to see if the object was flying too close to the trees to be seen from the road itself, we ended up seeing nothing.  It was gone that quick.  As far as I know, no one ever reported sighting the object to the police or any other agencies in that area.  I checked several newspapers the following morning to see if anyone else had shared our bizarre experience.  Given the size, illumination and altitude of the hovering vehicle, it seems completely impossible to me that we were the only people to have witnessed this.  Even as I was glaring at the airborn object, I found it hard to believe that traffic along 14 mile and Campbell didn't come to a complete standstill when this thing came into view.  Save for the indifference of surrounding citizens, it looked like an incredible effects shot of an extra terrestrial visitor in a blockbuster film like Independance Day.  I have never seen this craft again and I also have never seen it photographed or even sketched once during all the time I've spent reviewing popular U.F.O sighting since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));42.5029;-83.1021
