i submited a earlier case but this is the full long story .;2003-10-15 13:00:00;15 min;i submited a earlier case but this is the full long story .  me and my friend were out side in my front yard on a clear cool day on the weekend i think. we were kicking around my soccer ball until my friend looked up at the sky and saw 5 disk shaped obects with a shiny metalic bottom and a dull top. they were in a star shaped [ a craft at each point ]formation . they would periodical weave in between each other and and freeze in mid air. after 5 minutes i ran in the house to get a video camera and tell my mom. my freind told me that they would change formation and swirl in a circle . then 10 min into the ordeal , what seemed to be a fighter jet flew past our house chasing the crafts. the crafts munovered into a straight line and poof were gona and the fighter redirected and went off. 3 minutes later a u2 spy plane flew into the area at a low atituld about were the craft were and did a uie and flew back.;34.2773;-118.5001
We saw two flying saucers around midnight in granada hills going at fast speed around the city following the same route twice.;2006-08-15 00:00:00;1hr;We saw two flying saucers around midnight in granada hills going at fast speed around the city following the same route twice. Me and some friends saw about 3 strange lights paused in the air near a popular hill restaurant The Odyssey. We saw it leaving heading south at an extreme speed. We tried to reach the saucers speed but it was impossible, it would swerve over to one side and fly across to the other. The night was clear and the moon was half a moon. It was flying @ a lower level than other airplanes or helicopters. The weirdest thing is that I took a picture wit my cell phone camera & it came out blurry but I could see a blurry swerving light. Moments later I checkd the pic again and the image I got was dark and nothing came out:I sent it to my email but there was no picture. The other saucer we saw was a triangular shape with 3 white lights and a red one in the middle. This sightings were all seen around midnight and 1am. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.2773;-118.5001
