Myself and 3 others were in a car on the freeway when we saw a vertically long flying object moving slowly approximately 4 months ago.;1999-01-20 20:35:00;approx.2mins.;Myself and 3 others were in a car on the freeway when we saw a vertically long flying object moving slowly approximately 4 months ago. I was traveling to my fathers house with my friend and his mother when his mother started asking what the oddly shaped aircraft in the sky was. At first I ignored her and brushed it off as an airplane without looking out the window of the car for myself. It was when my firend looked out the window that he got my attention and i looked out the right window of the car. We were traveling northbound on the freeway at approx. 65 mph. The craft appeared to be traveling at a slow but not too slow pace, probably around 30-40 mph. Now here's the tricky part. It had a large disc at the top much like the radar discs on military airplanes, but then under the disc was a long cylinder, approx. 20 feet long. That cylinder coned-out and was joined by several slim tubes to another cylinder below it, this one no more than 10 feet long. It had a non-blinking white light directly on top (i saw this because it was quite a bit in front of us when i first saw it), and then 3 purple lights one on the first cylinder, one on the connecting tubes and one on the very bottom of the lower cylinder. it was all white in color and it was flying very low or so it seemed. It couldn't have been more than 3 or 4 hundred feet off the ground. It was flying at a very slow pace and as we approached the point of intersection where we were to drive directly underneath the craft, while it passed over the freeway, it appeared to stop and hover just before crossing the freeway, and then out of nowhere it jetted off at a rate of about 80-90 mph. It was traveling much faster than it had previously been moving. It was out of sight within a matter of 10 or 15 seconds. Now you must forgive me for being so vague and approximate in my descriptions it happened at night while i was in a moving car on the freeway and i was very tired at the time. I was fully concious at the time of the incident though. after it disappeared it was simply forgotten of and disregarded as nothing. i have not mentioned anything of this incident to anyone since it happened until! now. I saw your story on channel 7 eyewitness news last night and thought i would share my story with you and leave it to you to figure out what its worth.;34.2773;-118.5001
