i saw a bright light that dissapeared then another light wich dissapeared.;2004-08-01 21:00:00;25 minutes;i saw a bright light that dissapeared then another light wich dissapeared. i had walked out back of were of my work and the first thing i noticed as i stepped out side was a very low very bright white/yellow light. it was very out of place i had gotten into the vehicle that two of my co workers were already sitting in we began to talk about the light and how weird it was. we had assumed it was a bright star as we were watching it we noticed two planes were getting closer and closer to the object the planes were going very fast and as they got closer the light had vanished and then instantly appeared higher in the sky the planes had started to turn anround when the light slowly started moving then vanished. the planes had taken off after this as well about 10 minutes later i noticed anothe rweird light this one smwller and blue it appeared to be moving very slow then took off at a great speed and then vanished in the sky after this we saw a low flying helicopter circle around 3 or 4 times. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.3238000000001;-73.6772000000001
Strange purple light seen in night sky moving erratically;2005-07-04 22:00:00;15 minutes;Strange purple light seen in night sky moving erratically This event happened at least three years ago on the 4th of July in an empty baseball/soccer field between 10pm and midnight.  I was about 19 at the time, and the other witness with me was about 24. I distinctly remember it being the 4th of July because we had heard firecrackers and fireworks going off all night however I noted to myself that we saw no lights from the fireworks at all and only heard the noises very far off.  The night was perfectly clear and the baseball field had no lights so the night sky and stars were very bright and easy to see, there was no moon that I can recall. We were lying on our backs watching the stars, comets, satellites and planes for about an hour and during that hour a small pinprick of purple light became visible almost directly above us. It was bright enough to easily track and very obviously purple colored. At first it was the size of a star and almost unnoticeable among all the stars in the sky, however it grew slightly bigger after a few minutes (probably as large or larger as the north star on a good night, with a slight purple glow around it making it just that much larger than the stars, however not quite as bright) and flew around in a somewhat erratic manner. It only moved a matter of inches across the sky from my perspective though obviously it must have traveled much further since it was so far away- though I have no idea if it was within the atmosphere or much further out. It was traveling very fast considering we had been watching satellites go by that night and they are extremely sluggish compared to this lig! ht. The pattern of its movement were strange and all I can really remember from that night is that it seemed to zig and zag around at random the entire time we saw it, sometimes stopping to hang for a few minutes before moving again, it’s size and color/brightness waxing and waning slightly without pattern. It only moved within a small quadrant of the sky, almost like it was circling something. A reference for its speed I had in my mind at that time was that if a plane was at that height and moving across the sky at a steady speed, the purple light would be moving double that speed- not exactly zipping around but still much faster than a plane. Because we were on our backs and it was almost directly over us it looked like it must have been out among the stars, however at a different angle it might have been within the atmosphere and much closer than what we thought. After staring at it for about 15 minutes it simply flew/faded away (with a little bit of a tail like a tiny c! omet) and nothing else happened in the sky that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));43.3238000000001;-73.6772000000001
2 stationary flashing side by side very bright white lights;2017-10-20 19:00:00;10 seconds;2 stationary flashing side by side very bright white lights While eating dinner with guests about 7:00 pm on October 20, 2017, I happened to look out our sliding glass door which faces west and noticed two stationary side by side very bright flashing white lights just above the tree line slightly northwest of the house.  They were quite close together and were brighter than the planet Venus would be.  The object(s) were stationary and did not wobble like a drone would.   I called the 3 other people in attendance and they all saw it.  The sun had set and it was dark out.  I went for some binoculars but by the time I returned, the lights had moved northish and out of view.  No noise was heard. From our house, the object(s) appeared to be over the western part of Aviation Road in Queensbury, NY. A week later (10-27-2017), I was sharing this event with a friend and coincidently both he and his wife may have seen the same object while they were driving in their car about 7:15 pm.  He reported it also as 2 stationary side by side very bright white lights but they were not flashing.  Shortly thereafter, one light disappeared.  They also said it was low in the sky.  He’s not 100% sure what day it was but feels like it was the same Friday evening as was the one we saw.  Also, no noise was heard. His sighting was about 5 miles northeast of our sighting and located in the Sunnyside Road area of Queensbury, NY. All parties involved are familiar with aircraft lighting and this object was definitely not lit up in a normal pattern.;43.3238000000001;-73.6772000000001
