At approximately 2100 hours on July 13th myself and three other witnesses Observed A White orange ball of ligh, this ball of light was;2020-07-13 21:15:00;10 minutes;At approximately 2100 hours on July 13th myself and three other witnesses Observed A White orange ball of ligh, this ball of light was maybe 150 yards away Facing East just hovering in the air about 100 feet in the Sky.  It had the appearance of a streetlamp, however we live in the country and there are no streetlamps.  As  we watched this ball of light setting there not moving not flashing not making a sound I decided to grab my phone and start recording video.  We couldn’t figure out what it was.  We watched the light  Approximately 6 minutes then it started moving to the northeast. it was very low to the ground moving very slow there was no noise whatsoever. the only noise was the noise of my pool as we were in the pool swimming when we witnessed the UFO. anyway as the aircraft started moving to the northeast it started changing shapes by the time it got in front of our house it had turned from a white ball and two a aircraft type vehicle. it was not a plane b! ut it wasn't a flying saucer shape it looked like a giant white ball of light with two other boss of light attached to it.  The total sighting was maybe 10 minutes and once it took off to the North East it was traveling very slow but it just blinked out and disappeared.  One thing to note, I am ex-military a trained observer I’m currently a security guard at a shipyard I know aircraft and this was not anything I have ever seen before. This craft was never more than 150 yards away and as it went from East to Northeast it got closer and it was maybe 200 feet off the ground, at that range you would hear something and it was dead silent ! I’ve never seen anything like it before in my life and I have witnessed other UFOs .I’ve seen giant triangles , I’ve seen orbs,  I’ve seen the orange fireballs that just set and then take off mmovig, but this was completely different and I’ve got it all on video.;36.97;-89.0176
