Strange object with two bright white lights and no sound over Vancouver Island.;2002-02-25 19:50:00;45sec to 1min;Strange object with two bright white lights and no sound over Vancouver Island. What I saw was two bright lights moving in an unconventional fashion at 7:50pm on the 25th of February 2002.  They looked to be about the distance apart of one centimeter held at arms length.  The two white lights with hints of many more smaller lights between and around, likely part of the same object, moved to the left and then stopped dead before moving back to the right and continued in that direction untill it was out of site about 15-20 seconds later.  The two lights stayed the same distance apart and at the same horizontal orientation to each other which rules out a plane banking. As its direction changed the one in the lead that was the brightest grew darker, and the one now in the lead grew brighter.  Its position in the sky was very close verticaly to the tree line on the other side of a clear cut that is about 500 meters across. The object was in my opinion about 1/2 mile away.  There was no sound at all or blinking running lights like you see on all aircraft.  If it was a rescue helicopter from CFB Comox (the largest helicopters in the area) it would have been fairly loud from that distance and it moved unlike any fixed wing aircraft commercial/private/or military.  Im located just on the outskirts of Courtenay B.C. to the west of town and I was looking north. ((ADDENDUM SUBMITTED MARCH 23, 2002)) Oops.  I submitted another report to try update my first report.  Then I saw it said to email updates, so here it is.  I went into further detail on certain points, and I also belive that I now know what kind of craft it was.       I saw two bright lights moving in an unconventional fashion.  When I first noticed the light it was behind a group of trees that was blocking my view.  I moved my head around to get a better look through the branches. After 20-30 seconds I gave up and continued with my smoke.  A half minute later I looked back at it to see if it had moved enough for me to see it better.  It had moved, to the left of the group of trees.  I was curious what it was because it was brighter than a plane.  As I studied it I noticed that it was actualy two lights close together. They looked to be about the distance apart of 1 centimeter held at arms length.  The two white lights had hints of many more smaller lights or possibly a reflection between the two.  It moved slowly to the left and then stopped dead before moving back to the right(it didn't seem to excelerate, or decelerate. It was just moving or it wasn't, with no in between speed) and continued in that direction until it was out of site about 15-20 seconds later.  The two lights stayed the same distance apart and at the same horizontal orientation to each other which rules out a plane banking. As its direction changed the one in the lead that was the brightest grew darker, and the one that NOW was in the lead, grew brighter.  Its position in the sky was very close vertically to the tree line on the other side of a clear cut that is about 500 meters across from my backyard. The object was in my opinion about 1/2 mile away, but could have been much further as its size was hard to judge.  There was no sound at all(it was a very quiet night) or blinking running lights like you see on all aircraft.  If it was a rescue helicopter from CFB Comox (the largest helicopters in the area) it would have been fairly loud from that distance and it also moved unlike any fixed wing aircraft Commercial/private/or military I can think of.  Im located just on the outskirts of Courtenay B.C. to the west of town and I was looking north.      Since I reported this I found a video on the net of a sighting from Belgium of a triangle shape ship.  There video shows it from below, and also from the side.  When shot from the side you can only see two lights, again with more small lights or a reflection connecting them.  I belive this is the same type of ship that I observed.;49.6620513513514;-124.998467567568
