Opened door to go to work and in front of my house the craft went just above the tree line and moved e-s-e 10sec-later that night went;2007-05-07 05:25:00;30sec;Opened door to go to work and in front of my house the craft went just above the tree line and moved e-s-e 10sec-later that night went to garage to get candy out of my car and noticed strange stars in my back yard-really brite ones!focused on one of them and It zoomed in on me-and then retracted to a pin point!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.8363;-70.9607
1 Unknown Light, High Speed, South to North, Green White morphing light.;2008-04-24 03:15:00;approx 3 seconds;1 Unknown Light, High Speed, South to North, Green White morphing light. This was at about 0315. I was playing World of Warcraft so i was up late, also being on leave from Iraq. I went outside for a smoke looking off at the woods having heard the dogs, wolves or whatever they were suddenly stop barking. The tree frogs that normally make a chirping sound had stopped as well. Going on a stright azumath of about 340 (north). The color is kind of hard to explain but it was white and green but sort of shifted as it passed like a car with the paint that looks 2 colors when passing by. It passed abut 30 meters west of me. There was no sound and no heat. I asm not good with elevation height but it would have to have been a good distance up but way lower than a plane would fly. The most accurate desription i can give on the height would be about the same height an OH-58 would fly on a recon if you have ever seen that. Though no sound or heat you could clearly feel something as it passed. It was not electrical or magnetic. It was not my nerves as i am traied to not becomefrightened at the sight of things, foreign or domestic. the tree line from my house is about 300 meters back, and to the front about 100 meters. given at its height i can most likely see it from 500-600 meters, and no extra distance going away given the close tree line. To travel this distnce it was about 3 seconds or less. No trail per say was left, but the air after felt different though i am unable to describe how,as i have never felt it before.  I am a trained soldier who works on networking for the military. I am around planes alot as i support them in their mission keeping their networks up. I am air assault qualified. I am aware of the military planes we are currently using that could fly with no sound. This was not one of them as at night they fly lights out and when lights on, red and green lights, and not that low, ever. I am at my parents house on leave from iraq so i am trained and adept at making note of all details possible and keeping them in memory. though when comming out they may jumble.;41.8363;-70.9607
Sow moving white-sliver point of light- daytime;2011-05-21 18:00:00;10 minutes;Sow moving white-sliver point of light- daytime Went out in my back yard after the precness horse race for a cigar and heard a comercial aircraft engine sound like it was greatly reducing speed.   After I spotted the aircraft I noticed a white pinpoint of light,  In clear sky just North of the aircraft-aprox 10 miles high, with the comercial craft at about 12,000 feet.   The jet aircraft kept moving on to toward Boston, Ma. and I continued to look at this pin point of light.   To see if this object was moving or not I backed my self up to the underside of my back yard roof gutter and noticed it was moving,but at a very very slow rate of speed-it remained way up there.  This pin point of light was very small in diameter, a little bigger than a period in this sentence,making it difficult to locate if I took my eyes off it.   I observed this object for approx 10 minutes,  It traveled north - south and after it went over my house roof I re-adjusted my visibility position and sat down in a chair on my deck and noticed that the light got dimmer.  I have seen the space shuttle and Iss and know that they traverse an enormous distance while in sight- so this thing could have also.  At the end of my sighting the Round pinpoint of light got fainter and fainter until I was out of my visual range, As though It was going even to greater elevations from a stoped position until I faded away.   I alway look up and scan the skys because I have seen many strang thing in the skys over the years, and this one was special because it occured in broad day light! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.8363;-70.9607
