Oval object, center portion having windows, internally lit with tall figures glaring out, seen in MI, spring eveng1978.;1978-03-01 19:30:00;3 minuts;Oval object, center portion having windows, internally lit with tall figures glaring out, seen in MI, spring eveng1978. Traveling one evening with 2 small children in the back seat, I noticed a streak of light in the sky which was approaching very fast below the horizon line. The area became intersection became very dark, and traffic and street light went out. I pulled over into an empty parking lot near a building, wondering what it was and get a better look. A doomed shaped object came in at impossible speeds (no sound at all) and hovered directly in front of where I was and hovered motionless above the building. The center rotated and was lit from the inside. I felt that I was being watched. To my suprise there were tall figures dressed in what appeared to be blue jumpsuits. All were very alike with shoulder length yellow hair. I could see into the craft and it appeared that they were aware that I was there and looked out of clear widows that made up the middle portion of the craft (which rotated. The underside of the craft was lit with bright white lights. Then it shot up at lighting speed, again without any sound and streaked off as it accelerated to nothing more than a pin point of light and disapeared. I went down the nearest street, but it had vanished and was gone. I considered going to the police to report it and actually started to do this, but decided no one at all would believe me. This was a friday pm est, and on the next Tuesday on the car radio there was a news report that over norther Michigan there had been sightings  ufo's and the description match exactly what I had seen just a few evenings before. I am a professional person with advanced degrees, and have only talked about this with family. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness chooses to remain anonymous.  Describes self as an individual with a strong academic background.  PD));42.4903463414634;-82.8970121951219
Bright White Orb Right Above Me!;2020-04-16 00:55:00;3-4 seconds;Bright White Orb Right Above Me! I was traveling due West on a dog walk on a neighborhood city street on a sidewalk. The lake called Lake St. Clair was at my back literally less than a block away.  I would estimate the orb I saw was traveling due North at a zero degree angle from my vantage-point or because I was traveling west? I slept through Geometry in High School so please give me a break here. It literally went in a straight horizontal line from my view.  The orb was bright white in color. I only saw one orb. I would consider it was oval or a full circle filled in bright white. It left a very very visible bright white trail behind it almost like seeing a comet trail. It then was gone. Vanished.  My best explanation is that it did not gain altitude while traveling nor did it drop in altitude (to best explain the angle of its travel). I'm now aware I can not determine the exact altitude but let me tell you it appeared to me like it was 3-4 football fields above me...that's it. I have seen other very similar orbs in the past to this one. Yet, I've never seen something or felt it was this up close ever before. I was almost in shock how close it did appear to me.  My observation led me to consider this would've been like a recon orb or that it was not manned by a biological entity. That's how close I think it was.;42.4903463414634;-82.8970121951219
