Unidentifed Flying Object Distant Sighting Leading to an Up Close and Personal Encounter- Constant Glowing White- 150 ft away.;2013-03-02 22:20:00;5 minutes;Unidentifed Flying Object Distant Sighting Leading to an Up Close and Personal Encounter- Constant Glowing White- 150 ft away The sighting-encounter occurred in Hartly, DE 19953 on March 2, 2013 between 10:20-10:25pm.  The sighting occurred while i was driving east on Bryant’s Corner Rd, Hartly, DE.  Specifically, the object was seen/noticed far in the distance (south direction) while passing 671 Bryant’s Corner Rd.  At that point I saw a fairly bright white glowing object to my right, moving east in the sky.  It’s fairly large size and bright white glow was very eye catching, I could not help to notice it as I drove.  At that point, compared to a full moon and from my perspective, it was approximately 1/5th the size of a full moon.  As I drove east on Bryant’s corner roughly ¾ mile from the original viewing at 671, approaching 1600 Bryant’s Corner, the object appeared much closer but remained high in altitude directly south of my location.   At that point I was very interested in the object and while it appeared fairly close, there was no outside noise whatsoever.  Foolishly, I flashed my headlights multiple times in a joking manner seeking to get its attention, while I was in a clearing and before I entered the wooded area along the road.  As I drove through the wooded area and sharp bends I saw its bright white glow directly to my right and just below the tree line.  However, it looked very far away yet not high in altitude. Shortly after I looked away and thought to myself, Maybe when I get into the clearing I might be able to see it better.  I turned the final bend and exited the wooded area driving approximately 40mph. At this point on my left I was passing 2307 Bryant’s Corner Rd. At that point I saw the bright unidentified object to my right (south direction) making a half circle, just gracefully swooping down. In a matter of seconds it was less than a quarter mile away and approximately 500 feet off the ground. Its trajectory made it evident it was moving toward and in front of me. I was horrified when I realized this object was completely silent and not of any known aircraft whatsoever, moving toward me and in front of me and my safety could be in serious danger if I continued east on Bryan! t’s Corner.  At this point I would describe it as 1/3 the size of a full moon. I slowed down a lot and hesitated on whether I should continue driving or turn around immediately. I reduced my speed to roughly 5mph as I looked in amazement and as it gently came closer and closer. At the climax of the sighting the object moved in and floated/hovered directly in front of me, blocking me from driving down the road without driving almost directly beneath it, roughly 150 feet away and remaining roughly 150 feet from the ground. The actual object looked about the size of one-two school buses stacked on top of each other. It is difficult for me to describe the exact size because of the radiating white light might have made it look larger. It was absolutely very close and I began to panic.  Thoughts and emotions rushed through my mind, I felt as if it was just starring me down, waiting to see what I would do or if I would stop or get out of my car. I starred for about 10 seconds in total amazement and because my window was half way down I was absolutely certain there was no sound whatsoever and it was not a helicopter or any kind of known aircraft. It was way too large and bright to be any kind of balloon or prank. It moved in such a perfect and precise manner it could not have been anything other than intelligently controlled. The white glow and radiating white light was like nothing I have ever seen, ever. It was so bright, amazing, and silent. Yet it was not blinding and did not hurt to look upon it. As it moved in front of me I felt as if it was just starring me down and watching me. The thoughts of my safety being in serious jeopardy and feeling helpless to defend myself completely overwhelmed me. All I could think about was how fast I could turn around and drive back in the direction I came, running away from it. I pulled in the driveway to my right, and before I quickly went in reverse I starred left looking directly at it. It was hovering there in the same place. Its white glow was constant and did not flicker, it remained hovering in the same location as it had when it first stopped in front of me. I then reversed and began to drive away as fast as possible. I thought to myself, there is no way I can out run this object, I cannot believe something bad might really happen to me right now. I drove as fast as I could in the direction I had originally came, without looking back until I had driven a few miles. It dissapeared from my view when i drove away in the opposite direction.  By the time I looked back I did not see it anywhere in the sky and I drove directly home. The event was very shocking, amazing, and incredible.  Additional information: I first saw the object in the distant sky approximately 10:20pm, however I did notice while leaving my house but it was not until a few minutes later at 10:20pm that it really caught my attention. It was a clear nights sky and some planes were visible very high up but there was nothing else flying close to the ground as the object did during that time. Due to the object being in such close proximity I was too awe struck to take a photo or video, as I absolutely should have and wish I had. I did not want to do anything that could have jepordized my safety.  personal note: I am willing to speak over the phone about the encounter but I do not wish to disclose any personal information. I wish to be anonymous and I do not seek to gain any attention or endure criticism. I simply want to share the experience in hopes that someone else saw the object as well or assistance in understanding the object and its origins.;39.1525;-75.6956
