Crash evidence/aftermath seen and multiple reports heard from callers into morning radio program - then nothing.;1996-10-15 06:00:00;Unknown;Crash evidence/aftermath seen and multiple reports heard from callers into morning radio program - then nothing. On or about Oct 15, 1996, (date known because morning radio was talking about the birth of Madonna’s daughter), at around 5-6am callers in to the station started reporting an explosion over an area from southern Oklahoma to the Dallas area. Many of the callers reported seeing the object before the explosion –-but I don’t remember their descriptions. One of the callers, though, identified himself as a police officer.  I do not remember if he was city or county or state.  He described a crash zone and said the object was definitely NOT a plane or helicopter.  He was adamant that it was a UFO and that it “WOULD NOT be swept under the rug this time.”  I was listening while getting ready for school during all this and left home just after sunrise. I lived in Bonham, Texas, about 80 miles nne of Dallas. As I walked out the door, I say a LARGE, very WIDE – what I would describe as a contrail, stretching north to south basically directly over my home.  To put in perspective, if you would consider your perception of a typical contrail as looking 3-4mm wide, this one appeared to be 5-6 inches wide.  North Texas is a fairly flat landscape, and I could see this trail stretch from horizon to horizon. To the east – just a little to the left of the sunrise and at about 55-65°up – completely separate from the contrail - was an unusual formation.  It was VERY similar to the Challenger explosion.  Had 3 short trails jetting out from a central point.  It was stationary and did not change shape or location in the 15 or so minutes I watched it.  It was a still windless morning. The calls kept coming in the duration of my drive to school – about 45 minutes.  I went to my classes, got out around 2pm, went to my job, and got home about 9PM. NEVER heard another thing about it.  Nothing on the news.  Nothing on the radio.  No more word from the police officer.  Can’t even find other reports of it online.  Nothing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date above is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Oh wow - no I don't.  It was a station based in Dallas/Ft Worth and a pop station that had mainly morning talk geared to teens/early 20s cried typical of those stations ya know - celebrity news, lots of jokes, prank calls, etc. Sorry I don't remember. I haven't lived in Dallas in a long time and googling current stations there doesn't ring any bells  It would've been a station with a strong enough signal to be clear 80+ miles out if that helps at all.  Sorry I'm not much help.  I'm just hoping ANYONE else will eventually report on this somewhere.  I've looked often over the years - but nothing so far. Please do let me know if you run across anything. Thanks! ((END ADDENDUM));33.578;-96.1872999999999
Red object moving west to east, person looking southward.  Appear as large as airplanes approaching Dallas/Ft.Worth airport  but travel;1997-12-26 21:35:00;2 to 3 minutes;Summary : Red object moving west to east, person looking southward.  Appear as large as airplanes approaching Dallas/Ft.Worth airport  but traveling faster than the normal airspeed of planes approaching the airport.  First looked like over size red lights on plane but speed faster took a closer look. Object than stopped giving off what appearred as flames from the bottom extremely white than a small white object decended straight down from the red object flames.  The white object disappear but could hear a pop sound at its disappearance.  Red object fades away. Same as above.  Observer is a motel clerk taking a cigarette break outside at time of sighting.;33.578;-96.1872999999999
