From one red line to three red balls (like red stars), to the balls to (v)(^(;2010-07-20 00:47:00;Not long maybe a minute;From one red line to three red balls (like red stars), to the balls to (v)(^(<), blinking red lights making a triangle. On the night of July 20, 2010 in Richland, WA (USA) I and my husband went outside to look at the stars and noticed the moon that was beautiful.  I got my iPhone G3 out to snap a few photos of it.  At first I thought that I was picking up street lights or just a bad picture, that after a few more photos taken, and noticing there were no street lights or what not, I noticed there were two more bright nion red lights next to the moon.   My husband wasn't amused until he said let me see if I can take a steady photo for you, i'm sure it's nothing.  Than he took a few photos and looked at them and said  whoa, that is weird! and handed me my phone back.  There were now three objects accross from the moon and in a perfect triangle.  The objects were also in triangle shapes as well the looked similar to this {^} and had red lights at the top of the point.  In the last picture my husband took you can see that one of them looks like its in motion, it just blows our minds, as to all who have seen the pictures. It was not noticable to the naked eye, I captured along with the moon what appeared to be in the first photo a red line next to the moon, in the second photo it was two triangular lights and the moon but and if looking closely at the moon it almost looks like another moon or circular something next to it, with a third red triangle appearing.  What is it?   I googled extraterrestrial images and ufo's after looking at the photos again and again leaving me in curiosity and concussion.  It looks Just like the triangle UFO sighting found at one time. ((NUFORC Note:  We have amended the time of the sighting, in order to reflect an early morning sighting.  PD));46.2868607142855;-119.295825
2 still lights that changed into multi colored flashing lights that changed speed, dir., very quickly.  ((NUFORC Note:  Planets?  PD));2012-03-13 22:10:00;15-20 minutes;2 still lights that changed into multi colored flashing lights that changed speed and direction very quickly. It was around 22:10 when me and a friend walked outside of his house to go on a car ride with a friend when we saw two white lights in the sky in the eastern direction that appeared to be standing still. we were amazed and we automatically thought it was a ufo. we then got in the car and we were going to drive southwest up to a nearby hill to get a better look. as we were driving we noticed that the lights started moving very fast in towards our direction and appeared to be weaving around eachother and flashing different colors such as red and purple. for a second they looked like two saucers then as we were driving further up the hill the lights slowed down and began to move north. as they slowed down they into just two red blinking lights. we noticed that at this point that the lights looked connected   as if they were possibly one craft. every time the lights would blink it looked like thin beams of light would hit the ground from the blinking lights. the object or objects was moving very slowly north with what appeared to look like a gray haze around it and looked like it was getting lower to the ground then higher away from the ground and looked as if it were tilting. the lights continued to move north slowly until it was too far for us to see it.   What makes me believe this was a ufo was the fact that at first these lights were very still and weren't moving at all then started too move faster then any craft ive seen then slowed way down all of a sudden.  I don't think i've ever seen a normal flying object meneuver the way i say this one meneuver. hopefully more people witnessed  and reported this because this was a very unusual event. ((NUFORC Note:  Planets?  PD));46.2868607142855;-119.295825
objects turned to orbs;2014-06-29 14:00:00;30 minutes;objects turned to orbs 20 or so orbs trasnformed from a black,white solid shape to orb shape.  We were at the pool,nobody else could see what i saw.after those orbs left black and white objects continued to come from a north to northwest direction.;46.2868607142855;-119.295825
