Bright white light bluish tinge marquis shaped lights on circular object.;2014-12-06 17:45:00;1 minute;Bright white light bluish tinge marquis shaped lights on circular object I was on my way to a baby shower in Eagle Mountain, UT.  I had never been to this area before, so I was really paying attention to my surroundings.   As I headed down a street the mountain was directly in front of me, and there was nothing but open sky on either side.  I saw just above the mountain a really really bright white light with a blue tinge to it.  It looked like a row of marquis shaped lights like 5-6 in a row.  The object seemed circular almost like a ring, that is what it reminded me of. At first, I thought maybe it's a helicopter or possibly a plane, but as I thought about it I knew it couldn't  be.  It wasn't moving at all, not to the sides or away from me or even towards me. It was too low to be a plane.  There were no blinking lights or any other colored lights at all.  It was so bright, it light up everything, it reminded me a lot of the moon and how it lights up the whole night.  The object had the same effect.   I didn't hear any noise but I was driving (without the raido on) so there could have been, but I didn't hear anything at all. I looked away for a moment as I was trying to find the street I needed. I looked back up and it was still there.  I drove further down and slowed to look at the next street.  When I looked up the object was totally gone.   The way Eagle Mountain is, it's right next to a lake, there are huge swaths of open sky.  There is nowhere this object could have gone without me seeing it, if it was a plane or a helicopter or even a blimp.   The whole sighting lasted less than a minute.   I have never seen anything like it before, and wonder if there is a history there of sightings or if anyone else saw the same object.;40.3833;-111.9895
Over 100 lights float in the sky.  ((anonymous report));2019-04-23 16:40:00;20 minutes;Over 100 lights float in the sky. There was at least 100 circular lights moving around.  At first I thought they were balloons and was telling my wife to come take a look. 70% of the orb lights flew away slowly, and 10% came back and joined up with the group that hadn’t moved.   Then they seemed to be getting closer to me and all spaced the same distance apart and got super shiny like the sun was reflecting off of them.   That’s when I called my wife on my phone and then snapped a few photos.  And a small recording.  I would have recorded the whole thing if I hadn’t thought they were balloons. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.3833;-111.9895
There was over 100 circular objects floating in the sky.  I believed that they were balloons until 70% of them flew away. ((anonymous));2019-04-23 16:40:00;20 minutes;There was over 100 circular objects floating in the sky.  I believed that they were balloons until 70% of them flew away slowly and 10% of them came back to the group that hadn’t moved much.  Then they spaced themselves equally apart and seemed to get closer to me then they got super bright like the sun was reflecting off of them.   Then I got distracted by calling my wife on my cell to come outside and then after I managed to take a photo and a short recording after they had gotten farther away.  I would have recorded the whole thing if I hadn’t thought they were balloons to begin with. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.3833;-111.9895
