Unnatural bright light emitted from the sky, illuminated the hill side blue.  ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 19:00:00;5 minutes;Unnatural bright light emitted from the sky, illuminated the hill side and turned blue then sped off in silent high speed. We all saw the brightest yellowish/white light we have ever seen coming from the sky in a triangle shape from what looked like a black hole.  It shined so brightly towards a big span of space on the empty hill side then suddenly took off so fast with what looked like a light illuminated trailing behind it however it was all extremely silent.  The hill remained light and went from white to blue in color and illuminated and dusty every where for a bit after the object flew off.  We followed it for a moment and it went higher than any plane in the sky and higher and higher until it disappeared leaving a bluish trail of illuminated light.  The trail light is described as not like a rocket but as a illuminated trail or glow. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));40.3833;-111.9895
4 Witnesses see U.F.O in Eagle Mountain.   ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 19:00:00;5 minutes;4 Witnesses see U.F.O in Eagle Mountain We all saw the brightest yellowish/white light we have ever seen coming from the sky in a triangle shape from what looked like a black hole.  It shined so brightly towards a big span of space on the empty hill side then suddenly took off so fast with what looked like a light illuminated trailing behind it however it was all extremely silent.  The hill remained light and went from white to blue in color and illuminated and dusty every where for a bit after the object flew off.  We followed it for a moment and it went higher than any plane in the sky and higher and higher until it disappeared leaving a bluish trail of illuminated light.  The trail light is described as not like a rocket but as a illuminated trail or glow. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));40.3833;-111.9895
