November 2nd, 2007 we saw a huge black triangular-shaped craft fly over us in Eagle Mountain, Utah.;2007-11-02 21:00:00;45-60 seconds;November 2nd, 2007 we saw a huge black triangular-shaped craft fly over us in Eagle Mountain, Utah. On November 2nd, 2007 at approximately 9:00 pm, my wife and I were driving home from Salt Lake City to our home in Eagle Mountain in Utah.  We have just come from eating dinner in the greater Salt Lake City area, and were nearly home. My grandfather also lives in Eagle Mountain and was driving just a few minutes ahead of us in traffic.  We were driving west on S.R. 73 when my wife pointed out to me what appeared to be a row cars parked on the mountainside, facing us with their lights on. However, this row of lights was perfectly straight.  And within seconds it became clear that the row of lights was not on the ridgeline, but rising above it.  The thin horizontal row of non-colored lights was obviously in flight and heading toward us.  Within moments a massive, black, triangular-shaped craft (with lights everywhere on the front and bottom) was flying over our car.  It was huge.  Amidst all of the regular looking bright lights, there was one red light on the bottom, and one blue light.  (Note:  These were NOT on the edges of the craft, like on the wingtips of a conventional plane, but just slightly offset from the center of the bottom of it.)  I rolled down the window, and could hear no sound as the craft flew directly overhead. (Relative to our direction of travel, it approached from the “1 o’clock” position when it was just a thin line of lights, and after it crossed the highway and flew over us it was going toward the “7 o’clock” position.) It was visible, start to finish for about 60 seconds.  No other cars on the road appeared to slow down, pull over, or otherwise pay much attention to the craft, though, with it lit up as it was someone else had to have seen it.  I would like to note that the craft would not have been noticeable, perhaps at all, if the lights had not been turned on.  It was dark at that time of night, and it would have blended in with the night sky if it simply would have turned its lights off. This was a jet-black colored triangle, with a slightly crescent moon-shaped rear.  My wife noticed what appeared to be a ‘transparent bottom’ of some kind.  We could not see in it, but she at least got the feeling that perhaps it was designed for them to see out.  To get an idea of size, if you had to hold something at arm’s length to cover it up when it was overhead, you would have to hold a large piece of paper, perhaps 24”x 24”- at arm’s length.  That “might” be big enough to block out how big this thing was when it was directly overhead.  Lastly, my grandfather was arriving at the house when we were still on S.R. 73.  As I said before, he was about a 2 minute drive time ahead of us.  He can corroborate exactly the same object.  We live just off S.R. 73, so his vantage point was practically the same. He also reports that the huge craft made no sound as it glided over.;40.3833;-111.9895
Triangles over Eagle Mountain Utah;2020-08-28 20:45:00;5-10 seconds;Triangles over Eagle Mountain Utah I was sitting in my hot tub looking at the night sky towards the south when I observed two bright triangles in the sky near the moon.  One triangle was inverted over the other.  They proceeded in a northerly direction merging together.  They then appeared to become smaller and dimmer as if they were reaching outer atmosphere until they were no longer visible.   Seemed to be tracking at same speed as I have seen satellites in  the night sky.;40.3833;-111.9895
