Shape changing object sited in southeastern skies of La Mesa, Ca;2008-01-19 21:00:00;several minutes;Shape changing object sited in southeastern skies of La Mesa, Ca I looked into what I believe to be the southeastern skies from my apartment complex when I noticed what can best be described as a long shiny string in the sky.  This occurred to me to be unusual and I continued to look at the object thinking at first that it might be some type of comet, or a really slow shooting star trailing debris.  It looked like some points in the string were brighter than other points.  As I continued to observe the object for several minutes it changed shape and appeared to condense into a sphere shape.  I am unsure if it was a single object or several smaller objects.  There was a very bright star in the background, and a tree in the foreground.  I noticed the object moving  from side to side (in an east west manner) relative to both of these objects.  I do not recall it moving above the star though.  I walked south a bit more to get out of the lights of my complex and try to get a better look, by that time the object was smaller and dimmer and I can’t be certain if it was my eyes playing tricks on me or not, but it looked like the object (it looked singular at this point) had dimmed and was moving back and forth in a very small area very rapidly.  It was at this point I discontinued my observation after several minutes had passed.  The object, in addition to changing direction several times, appeared to brighten and dim several times.  If I had to draw my own conclusion I would say it was some type of balloon, or a group of balloons strung together that was released from the ground.  Why someone would release balloons at 9pm I cannot say, but that still doesn’t explain why it initially appeared so bright.  reflection from the lights below can only explain so much and at this time of evening it is pretty dark outside and the lights of La Mesa not that bright unless they were all foil type balloons.  My other thought is that the bright star I observed may have been a satellite, and it could have been damaged and trailing debris in the atmosphere, I am uncertain and I have reported the incident as best I could.  With two possible conclusions. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.7771927536232;-117.018504347826
