I saw a Yellow light in my room I thought it was Traffic light blinking Then I jump up and looked straight at it I remember everything;1978-08-20 00:00:00;20min;I saw a Yellow light in my room I thought it was Traffic light blinking Then I jump up and looked straight at it I remember everything I was very tired and wanted to go to bed When I went I feel shortly asleep, Then awoke Thinking going to be one of those nights when I thought Do You Belive ? I saids to myself belive belive in what Then something came over me Ahh I said UFO's Yes I repided in my head Then a Yellow light was in my room like a strobe light I felt weird but never noticed, It ask me questions as I asked also The first think I saw in my mind was the Earth from above the sky (In space) they were pointing out Itally I told them what the country was, I ask to see there world and many other things what I saw was The bigest Sun and 2 planets I did not see the ground. I know this sounds strange but as we got into the conversation I noticed a Red light come in my window this was strange then back to Yellow I then noticed the light and woundered What is this light and I saw a Caution Sign with 2 lights flahing Thinking I was close to a 4 way stop but in fact I thought wait I live 2 blocks away from that 4 way stop and it dose not have any caution lights flashing (Ilived on Chole) away from Fletcher Parkway In La Measa California) I jumped out of my bed and looked right at it It was still flashing its yellow light (It had 3 by the way red yellow I belive Blue) I ask it not to go away I had givin some wrong information the light suddenly stoped they looked like head lights But when it closed it round smooth metal door it sealed without a trace of anything being there like it was not even there. It had no sound as it hover over a empty lot it was very small it backed up and took off with no sound what so ever no motor sound at all. I went and ran to the front door screaming UFO no one ever belive me untill the La Measa Journal published reports of UFO's sightings by 2 Guards at Grossmont Hospital hovering over the Hosptial (My mother said the lights where very low and all Hospital's has emegancie back ups)I was 13 Years old when this happen I have never forgot the storys I had talk about with the UFO & has stuck with me and bothered me, I am propblie the only one to have spoken to an allen or saw a ship so small that a normal human can not fit into. I know what I saw now at age 16 I saw 3 lights in the sky circles shapes way up I was in a very dark park and at that time I ask my girl what time it was it was 9:14pm we saw them desend into what look like three ways of going but in the form of a cross I told my girl about the story above and all of a sudden I saw a bright light in a Dark Dark park the grass was lit up white I turn to my girl we both said wow and woundered what just happen I ask what time it was as I remembered asking brfore it was now 10:14pm and I just turn my head towards her and lost 1hour and fourteen min. I can not tell you what happen all though I have thoughts and nghtmares about this to date. I wounder if they returned 3 years or 4 years? later? They were freindly kind and was looking over the Earth just looking they could not interfere with Human Kind or any thing on this planet They said the have Long Life Len gev-i-tea do not know how to spell it The are in searh of any information they could get and they said they had seen others in the area (When I was 13). The were very interested in God and Itally I have so much information I would just like to share this story with you and Yes it is really TRUE! I have seen and talk to a UFO type ship Now was it ours You see I lived by San Deigo California Navy Base.;32.7771927536232;-117.018504347826
It was a saucer with 4 lights & tan glow;2004-08-15 02:00:00;10 min;It was a saucer with 4 lights & tan glow I was  the first person to see the craft. I alerted my friend who was to the left of me. ( we where outide on a 2nd story balcony) He first thought that it was just a weather baloon or something. But I inisted that it was something else. About 30 seconds later it moved quickly aross our faces and then up. It seemed as if it rolled back on its side and began to flash in sequence 4 lights on its bottom side. After that I called to my other friends inside to come and look. About 4-5 minutes past as t finished with its lights. We saw it move foward and begin shooting out some kind of gunor lazer or something. After it finished it slowly began to move up( about 2min.) After about 2 min it took off without a trace;32.7771927536232;-117.018504347826
