Triangular object with three steady red lights, one on each corner, hovering over Miramar NAS;1974-06-14 05:30:00;2 min;Triangular object with three steady red lights, one on each corner, hovering over Miramar NAS This sighting occurred sometime around 1974, I am writing this in 1999.  I was doing my paper route early one morning in the San Diego area.  La Mesa is where I was, this is adjacent to San Diego on the east side.  I wasn’t aware of it at the time of the sighting, but there were a rash of UFO sightings in the area for a week or two after this sighting. 	There are a couple of maps included that show the locations of these events.  The intersection of Highland Ave. and Carter Pl. is on the top of a hill.  From this vantage point you can see all the way to the coast and up past what was then known as Miramar Naval Air Station.  It is a Marine Corp. Base now.  I was familiar with the normal flight patterns of commercial aircraft on their approach to Lindbergh Field and military aircraft around Miramar. On this particular morning, and as long ago as this happened I can’t even begin to tell you what day (or year) it was, I had started my paper route a little earlier than usual.  It was still dark that morning.  As I looked to the NW I saw in the distance a triangular grouping of red lights.  They were not blinking, but burning steady.  They were banked at a slight angle because I could see all three lights.  I thought that this was unusual, but it appeared to be over the MNAS area so I didn’t pay too much mind to it.  The altitude may have been around 1000 ft.  The intersection I mentioned above is at the top of a hill, there are two short  roads that dead-end to the side of Lee Street.  I had one or two deliveries on each road.  After completing the delivery on the first road (elapsed time may have been 1 min.) I returned to the intersection and glanced out towards the NW again.  This time I saw the same triangular pattern of red lights at the same angle but this time they were closer.  Still not blinking, just steady.  By now I was getting curious so I looked at them for a few seconds.  They didn’t seem to be moving much.  I went down the second road and delivered the other one or two papers and returned to the intersection to look at the object.  Elapsed time was again around a minute.  Now it was gone.  I sat there for a while looking around to see where it could have gone.  From this location I had a good view of the horizon and if this had been a plane on approach to Lindbergh Field I would have seen it for several minutes.  It was at this time that I realized that if this object had been a plane I either should have seen it on approach, or I should have heard it as it traveled behind me to the east.  My line of sight to the east was obstructed by the hill but I had a good view to the North, West and South. There were several reports of UFO sightings in the news after I had this sighting and it was at this time that I decided that this must have been a UFO as well.  I don’t recall all of the details, but one of the most credible sightings during this period was by an older lady who reported seeing a UFO land somewhere in the vicinity her home.  Investigators tested the depressions where the object supposedly landed and they calculated a significant weight had been placed there.  They ruled out a hoax because of the location of the landing sight and the difficulty of placing that much weight in that location.  The weight was somewhere in the several ton range if my memory serves me correctly. That’s the end of that.  If anybody recalls anything like this happening I would like to hear from you.  I’m Brian Wherry.  Email address is bigbritheacguy@mindspring.com;32.7771927536232;-117.018504347826
3 bright red lights hovering high in the sky in an elongated triangle pattern just after midnight 2010 in La Mesa, Ca;2010-01-01 00:10:00;4-6 minutes;3 bright red lights hovering high in the sky in an elongated triangle pattern just after midnight 2010 in La Mesa, Ca Tonight at appx 12:10am there were 3 bright red lights in the sky in a stretched out triangular formation directly overhead on my patio in La Mesa.  Compared to a clock they were at appx 11:00 and 1:00 with the elongated triangle ending at 6:00. My home is in Mount Helix, Ca about 1/2 mile up Fuerte Drive from the I-8 Freeway heading east, my home is on the north side of Fuerte Dr and I was on my patio facing south. These lights were directly overhead as was the moon, they were just east of the moon, my husband and I both saw these and he and I both wondered if someone launched a very high balloon in the sky but they just sat there and hovered, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I’m 55. The entire triangle formation would be covered in length by holding appx 3 fists towards the sky from the two lights above to the one below, the two lights above were appx 1 fist apart from what I recall. They were much bigger than the surrounding stars like the ! size of an airplane light though they didn’t move and hovered directly over my home in this elongated triangle pattern for many minutes, maybe 4-6 from the time we both saw them. I went inside and came back out and saw they had moved toward the west and were still very bright, I went inside to find my camera and when I came back outside they were gone, no trace of them anywhere. It is crystal clear in the sky tonight and I have a great view, they were not completely round, maybe just slightly elongated circles of lights. There was also no audible sound like a plane engine, whatever this was it just hovered for many minutes without making any sound. I don't know if this was 3 separate things or one object with lights in a triangle shape.;32.7771927536232;-117.018504347826
