TWO ALIENS CAME TO MY ROOM - PLEASE READ THIS IS SERIOUS;2001-05-21 23:00:00;5 minutes;TWO ALIENS CAME TO MY ROOM - PLEASE READ THIS IS SERIOUS When I was a child I remember seeing a V-shape of lights floating they remained in the same place for about 5 mins and then disappeared. I was this in the sky in North Hollywood Ca. This happen during the early 1980's  In 2001, I lived in La Mesa California and resided in a 2 bedroom apt in a upstairs unit. I remember lying in my bedroom on the bed, and the room was brightly lit. I felt tired, and I asked my live-in boyfriend to go to a nearby taco shop for Mexican food. After he left I dosed off and feel asleep. The next thing know is my boyfriend returns and as he is entering my bedroom, he says very load wake up! The food is here as I opened my eyes I saw a gray like creature do a spin and disappear near my bedroom window. The first thought that ran through my mind was that after I feel asleep something was in the room with me. I didn’t tell my boyfriend for fear that he would think I was nuts. So, I didn't a word to anyone about what I had seen.  THE NEXT NIGHT: I had been on my computer most of the night. I then told my boyfriend that I was going to bed early, he stopped watching T.V and joined to go to bed. As we got into to bed I turned the lights off, but the room was lit from a light outside attached to the building. So, the bedroom wasn't completely dark. My boyfriend and I feel asleep after talking for a little while. In the middle of the night I woke up sweating, for some reason I was very hot. I got up from the bed and walked to my right to the corner of the room to wipe my face from sweat with one of the clean towels that I had in a laundry basket on the floor. As leaned down I grabbed the towel and wiped my face, and as I was wiping my face I notice something behind me that seemed to be small quickly run past me I turn to my left and looked to the floor and saw nothing. Then as I laid I dropped the towel, again I saw something moved. I turned to the right side of myself and looked toward the floor and saw nothing, and just as though I am seeing things. I notice something behind me to the left side. I quickly turn and looked and saw this small creature hovelling down to the floor. It had lizard type skin it was mixed of colors of Black, dark green, dark gray. The little creature stood up and stretched his arms that had attached skin that appeared to be broken wings. The eyes were black and the feet looked liked hoof of a pig or horse. When the little creature aroused up it stood about 8 ft. tall, and it moved in a slow jerking move jerking manner. It stepped across the bed in one step, while it was stepped across the bed boyfriend woke up and tried to yell there was no sound he was only moving in the bed in fear. After the little creature stepped across the bed it turn toward me backing up it's back up away from the bed then it stopped with it's arm and body in a hunch, and sat still. I look at it and wonder how it be so small again, boyfriend was trying to turn on the bedroom light and hear him asking me what the HELL is that thing? I was speechless and never said a word because the small creature was still in the room looking straight through me. I look down at toward the floor to wonder where its long legs had gone. I notice that was another creature sitting next to it with its head hunched down to fit in the room. This creature was enormous in size. It had I long face with black eyes, it sat like a dog sitting straight up. I notice that it had two horns attached to its head that went straight back, it had the same colors as the little creature, but the feet were different. I so afraid because it was so BIG! That is when began to shake all over. Suddenly, I though about all of the people that said they were abducted and not believed. Then suddenly in a (psychic way) for a quick moment I saw a far away planet, where many humans were and not returned to earth. I was these many of the same type of creatures in a militant stance. They seemed to be angry, and then it all went away. I saw the two creatures standing in the room again. I thought of my children, and thought that I would never see them again. Suddenly I hear the large creature say with an angry tone LOOK AT THOSE HUMANS, that's is when I quickly jump onto the bed and buried my head into the blankets and began praying, I quickly yelled TURN ON THE LIGHT! I don't why I said that. My boyfriend said I'm trying, I'm trying it won't come on. Then suddenly the light comes on, and I jumped toward him, and we look at the direction of the creatures and they were gone.  All of this seemed like it took place in 5 mins but it was really hours, because I ran out of the room to called my family and noticed the time and it was almost 5:00AM in the morning.  I don't think that I have ever been that scared in my life. To this day I wonder if anyone else had seen anything like that. I have looked on the Internet and have never come across an event like my boyfriend’s and mine. I do believe that what I saw in that brief vision like moment was these creatures preparing to attack us.  I am not concerned if this is believe by others and many may say that, but I only wanted to share my story with others just in case they have had experienced the same thing as I did. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary time above.  PD));32.7771927536232;-117.018504347826
Single small bright red stationary object in southern sky;2007-07-04 21:02:00;5 minutes;Single small bright red stationary object in southern sky Observed a single, very small, bright red object in the southern sky near Jupiter and Antares. Flickered similarly to a star but more slowly and with more variation in brightness. The shape was indeterminate due to the flickering and small size. Object remained stationary for about four minutes after initial observation and then appeared to slowly move lower in the sky, suddenly blinking out after 1 minute of motion at about 15° elevation. Object did not resemble a plane due to it remaining very still for four minutes, and due to the slow, irregular flicker. The color was a brilliant red, similar to that of a laser pointer. Although this occurred on the fourth of July, it did not resemble fireworks in any way.;32.7771927536232;-117.018504347826
