one of the weirdes nights of my life;2007-01-03 00:00:00;ten min;one of the weirdes nights of my life There was a long wing shaped plane, I don't know a far up in the air it was, but it had two lights almost evenly from one side to the other, as soon as I looked up and noticed it, it started flying almost like backwards, and flew in my direction, by the time it got to me about five min had gone by. It had gotten low enough for me to hear and see the wing span but I could not see the outline of the plane and it was afull moon last night. No trees no nothing was blocking my view. The sound was weird to it sounded like a one propellar plane but not nearly loud enough. It suddenly kindof hovered near me and took off, in the opposite direction it was heading. It went over the mountians, I tell you it was strange. The other thing is my dogs when something gets that close to us or a weird noise happens, they get freaked it was like they didn't notice it at all. The other thing is you'll prob think I'm crazy but before this happened I was getting ready to take out the dogs and I saw something on the porch. It was a figure of a man and as soon I opened the door it took off, no noise just heard feet rustling through bushes into the field. I don't know if there is a connection or not but realy weird night.;43.901;-72.1902
Orange, fiery lights in the sky that disappeared in perfect succession leaving only the clear night sky.;2013-12-13 17:45:00;1 minute;Orange, fiery lights in the sky that disappeared in perfect succession leaving only the clear night sky. While driving north on I-91 through Fairlee we saw something in the sky.  At first glance it appeared to be a plane coming in for a landing.  Four or five large fiery orange lights hung there in the sky, in a horizontal orientation for only a moment or two.  The lights then went out, one by one leaving only the clear night sky behind it. We pondered what it could have been for the next few miles.  As we came to a clearing just before the Bradford exit, we saw it again.  This time the lights were in a more vertical orientation and blinking differently than before.  One would go out and another would come on immediately.  I could almost see a structure, a craft, but at the same time there appeared to only be lights.  Then the lights went out, like before, in perfectly timed succession, one by one, and was gone.   We quickly pulled into the park-and-ride and got out of the car to see if we could hear anything and there was silence.  It was truly bizarre. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.901;-72.1902
Horizontal groups of lights appearing over Fairlee, Vermont.;2015-01-15 17:30:00;1-2 minutes;Horizontal groups of lights appearing over Fairlee, Vermont. We were heading north on I-91 between the Thetford, Vermont, and Fairlee, Vermont, exit, when my wife noticed a group of round lights moving quickly through the night sky.  Then I witnessed them as well.   They were extremely bright white, and were horizontal in the sky.   They showed up in groups of 3 or 4, then become five to six lights, then disappeared.  Then they would suddenly appear, seconds later, what I would estimate a half mile or more on the other side of the interstate.   This happened several times over a couple of minutes.  I never could make out any kind of craft.;43.901;-72.1902
