We were having a smoke break from playing cod, and i had to make sure i wasnt thw only one seeing it but it was like a &#128293 star;2019-07-19 02:11:00;38 minutes to observe;We were having a smoke break from playing cod, and i had to make sure i wasnt thw only one seeing it but it was like a &#128293 star then it came a bit closer then we realized it was low. Had a lighr pattern of red/orange strobe like lights made a triangle with two red dim lights side by side imbetween. And ir came a little closer so i lit up another cig and started my phone light up and swiping my finger over it like morse code. Then we all went in shock when it litterally came our way. Now it was a triangle a Ship. It was low enough to see a faint silhouette. Other reports i read said caught at night near town around highways. And for the size it was pretty quiet like a humm.  Not lime drones were it sounds like a card in bike spokes.  But when we firrs observed it was so slow lime a hault but when it finally came directly ovwr head torwards Indianapolis.  It was moving at a slow pace.  Just under the close but over the trees. So we conversed dor a few then realized here comes another then it reared around then got back on the same path.this happend 3 times. Now yoi can hear a airline way up in the air so small. These were not as big as a commercial airline but not private jet small. Then we realizex there were two more maybe 10 miles apart in the distance fading i. And out of clouds. Then the last one we caught maybe w minutes but it had 3 very bright white lights flashing threw its center. Now im aware it was not a triangle ship  thers was a jet like atreamline to it. B! ut what shuttles that big thT low not emit more sound. Or even fly that low.ans The y were not in The shape of the retired f117s. My grandfather works at the Sheppard airforce base as a engineer. So i have seen most planes. I just wanna know. Of there ia anyone else that has witnesses this and if it strokes D their curiousity as much as ir did mine. My friends juat act like its a normal thing.;39.6378;-86.3112000000001
