2 large objects seen in hernando: with smaller lighted objects coming from them;2010-06-15 00:00:00;1 hour;2 large objects seen in hernando: with smaller lighted objects coming from them Summary:  Sunday sighting 6/13/10 one object multiple lights slight wobble and short movements in the NE.    Tuesday sighting 6/15/10 total of 7 objects from 9:45 p.m. until we stopped watching at 11:00 p.m. (I verified my times with my cell phone call log) two large objects, one in the NE (a large round ball of light same as Sunday) and one to the West (a cigar shaped object with 3 lights that changed into on solid ball of light), 2 smaller flying objects were emitted from large object in the West, and 3 smaller flying objects were shooting around the large object in the NE. Object in the West changed shape and color from a cigar to a large round light and the colors changed from bright yellow to an amber orange.  Object in the NE (was the same both nights) appeared to be too far away so we could not make out a shape, it just looked like a round flashing object.  We could see lights changing colors from white, red, light blue-ish, and a slight orange color. I could physically see the NE object change direction in an almost erratic manner.  We got very excited about the sighting and were making a lot of noise and the object almost instantly stopped moving around.  At approximately 9:50 pm a smaller object shot across the sky just under the NE object.  The smaller light came from the bottom right side of the large NE object and zipped across at an upward (45 degree) angle.   At approximately 10:10 pm another smaller object shot across the sky just under the NE object.  This time the object came from the left side and shot across to the right at a very sli! ght (20 degree) angle.  One more object shot around the sky shortly after that (approx. 10:40 pm) this time just a horizontal path just under the large NE object.  All three of the shooting lights were short bursts and in different directions that the others.  They did not follow the same path or direction.  The large NE object pulsated and slightly wobbled in the sky, as the time went by it appeared to go farther up into the sky, like it was going higher up so the light appeared to be smaller and farther away, but we could still see that it was pulsated very brightly (about 3x brighter than any star in the sky, and brighter than any airplane that flew by).  Both of the large objects pulsated. The other object in the West was cigar shaped when we initially spotted it.  It was hovering (directly to the right of the moon) in place and appeared to be suspended vertically with 3 very bright lights (changing from orange to yellow).  This object was much closer and lower than the other NE object. We have a video of this (W) object.  It was recorded from the back porch through the screen, and there was some debate about if it was an optical illusion.  However, we could see the cigar shape and 3 lights in plain sight, and I am absolutely sure that it was not an illusion.  We watched this object change shape (or appear to be different in shape) because the lights appeared to become one large light instead of the 3 single lights.  When this happened we ran out to the front of the house to watch it.  From the front of the house we saw this object change color and size (or brightness).  It moved across the sky in short, slow, erratic movements (up, down, side to side, and at angled, wobbling or dancing), and eventually found its place very low in the sky and drastically below and to the right of the moon.  It pulsated the entire time with very bright, large flashes to small flickering.  At one point the object became at least 3x brighter and appeared to be coming toward us.   Shortly after that the object dimmed down and appeared to be moving (slowly) downward again.   We finally went in the house at about 11 pm and we stopped watching.;28.46588396072;-82.5455320785597
