Two polygonal cylinders hovering near S.R. 22 communicating with strobes;1984-06-01 21:00:00;5-10min.;Two polygonal cylinders hovering near S.R. 22 communicating with strobes I was driving from work to somerset, ohio to meet with friends.  It was approximately  2110hrs.  I was south-west bound on sr22.  Just as I approached the perry/muskingum border, I noticed an unusual object in the north sky at a very low altitude.  I pulled my car off the highway and shut it off.  As I climbed out of the car, I noticed that it was even closer than I had thought.  In my estimation, it was approximately 500' north of my position and 250' in altitude.  The craft was completely soundless.  It was shaped like an octagonal or hexagonal cylinder.  It was dull metallic in color maybe the color of titanium or aluminum.  There were no windows or doors, the only distinguishable feature on the outside was a small dome on the bottom west-facing end of the craft.  There is a road across the sr from my position and several times during the sighting I wanted to try to get someone's attention, but terror, fascination, and the fear of it disappearing before I got back prevented me.  As I continued to watch, the dome on what I assumed to be the front of the craft(west-facing end), began to strobe.  After a few minutes or seconds, things begin to get unclear here due to the huge amounts of adrenaline pumping through my body, but another craft approached from the west.  It stopped abruptly at approximately the same altitude and a couple of hunderd feet to the west of the first.  This craft was not shaped exactly the same as the first, but it was similar.   The only thing I remember for certain about the second craft was the presence of the same type of dome on the east facing end which also began to strobe.  This contunued for a few seconds, I would guess, and then they both began to drift north as if they were connected.  I watched until they drifted out of sight.  As the fear began to subside, I realized what an amazing event had just unfolded before me.   The entire time this event took place, not one car passed which may not be that significant considering the fact that this is not a busy highway even ! during t he day.  I just wanted someone else to see it.  I am not saying that this was a craft from another galaxy, planet, or dimension, what I am saying is that I saw what I described, exactly as I described it.  The sky was still bright enough to see plainly.  For all I know, this could be some type of secret government aircraft, but it was unlike anything I had ever seen before or since.;41.7666;-81.1423
