Suicide after Alien/UFO sighting near Comanche Peak Nuclear Facility;2011-03-12 22:00:00;25 minutes;Suicide after Alien/UFO sighting near Comanche Peak Nuclear Facility   March 12/2011 My girlfriend and I decided to go out to the middle of the 1,400 acre ranch that she lived on out side Morgan Mill Texas and do some stargazing. Well around 10pm we notice a strange group of ligts that appeared to be marker lights similar to conventional aircraft but blinked in multiple colors and in a random pattern. After watching this for a few minutes I realized the speed this object could move across the horizon and the speed it could stop and change direction was something more than a conventional aircraft.  We continued to watch this for 25 minutes and were both convinced we had our first UFO experience and we decided to keep this information to ourselves. This was a Saturday night that we witnessed the UFO and when I returned to work Monday morning in Granbury Texas the president of my company called me to her office to notify me that my best friend a 59 year old man that was well respected in the community had committed suicide on Sunday morning/Saturday night. Of course I was upset about my friend and no longer was thinking of the UFO I had sighted hours before.  My friend that had committed suicide was  not mental, was taking no drugs and had no reason to step blow his brains out on the back porch of his $250,000 home that resides near Comanche peak Nuclear Power Facility. A few days later was the funeral, he was cremated and the event was standing room only and had many well respect members of the community.  After the funeral I stood outside hoping to give my condolences to his brother mother and family and as my girlfriend and I were waiting I was confronted by another close friend of the deceased.  He pulled spoke softly and asked if I had seen the deceased the week before and I replied no, that I was planning on a visit this week, he continued and said that the decease had been historical about an alien encounter Saturday night march 12/2011 and had the neighborhood security searching the area behind his home and was convinced of alien activity in his neighborhood. My girlfriend and I were blown away and believed every word of this because of our experience, but I also know that this area the people are close minded and this would be swept under the rug and never investigated. Rick (the Deceased) was a good friend and a good person that would not likely believe in UFO/aliens and would poke fun of anyone that did. Suicide was not something he would do, and after speaking to the security at his neighborhood and hearing their stories I am convinced he had an experience that lead to his untimely death that is worthy of further investigation.;32.3837;-98.1611
