Driving North on 95 from Boston at the Hampton toll plaza we noticed a very bright flashing light off to the straight and to the left s;2006-09-08 19:00:00;5 min;Driving North on 95 from Boston at the Hampton toll plaza we noticed a very bright flashing light off to the straight and to the left side of the highway (traveling it would be n-nw).  It was much brighter than the other overhead passing aircraft and radio towers that could be seen at the same time. The large light was approx. a half mile up and blinking in a steady on-off pattern (just like turning a light bulb on and off). As we kept traveling North we could see that we were starting to see the other side of it since the light light was facing the road but were were passing it on the with it to our left. As we passed we could see a very large couple of red lights on lower and right of the other. The lower right one was also blinking. As we moved along we could see the light(s) were still just hovering and could make out all of them together. It seemed like it was a shape (possibly triangular) but the lights were too bright to say we saw what they were attached to. We lost sight of it due to trees and distance as we traveled. It looked as though other cars were watching it and slowing down since there was heavy traffic volume that evening heading North on 95. No sound heard - warm night with windows/sunfroof open.;42.939;-70.819
Solid bright red lights moving across sky then vanishing.;2015-11-21 19:55:00;3-5 minutes;Solid bright red lights moving across sky then vanishing. My husband and I were travelling on Winnacunnet Road in Hampton, NH at approximately 7:55 p.m. on Saturday, November 21, 2015, when we both noticed bright lights in the sky.  I asked what he thought those were and he replied “stars”.   I said they couldn’t be because they were an orangey red color and quite bright for stars and they began to move.  We pulled over and got out of the car.  They were moving together across the sky heading northwest.  They were a bright, solid, steady reddish light, not blinking as aircrafts do.  There were about 8 of them.  Maybe 10,000 to 18,000 feet in elevation.   Once they reached a certain spot in the sky they dimmed then vanished, as all the lights did once they reached that same area.  There was no sound from them whatsoever.   We travelled a little further down the road, heading east maybe just a few hundred feet and saw some more lights heading in the same direction.  Again, we pulled over and got out of the car to observe them.  There were about 3 lights this time, moving in the same way as the others had, and again dimmed and vanished. While searching online to see if anything similar had been reported in the area that evening, I came across your sight.  I was amazed to read a report from Harmonyville, PA, on November 16, 2015.  That report describes exactly the lights my husband and I saw in Hampton, NH, on November 21, 2015.;42.939;-70.819
