Bright spherical &quotstarlike&quot object;2011-02-14 22:00:00;5 minutes;Bright spherical &quotstarlike&quot object At approximately 2200 hrs on 2/14/11, a bright spherical object appeared in the Eastern sky just above the tree line.  Seen through binoculars the object was emitting white light in all directions as if it were a sphere.  Size and elevation of object was unknown. No strobe lights or engine noise was heard.  The object traveled westward and stopped over the tree line. The object &quothovered&quot in one spot for approximately 1 minute then changed course and headed north west and disappeared out of view.  The wx conditions were dry and the sky was clear, no clouds were visible.;42.939;-70.819
We observed five or six round red-orange lights slowly traveling in a row  across the sky in Hampton NH about 10pm on August 4, 2012.;2012-08-04 10:00:00;3 minutes;We observed five or six round red-orange lights slowly traveling in a row  across the sky in Hampton, NH, about 10pm on August 4, 2012. While driving along the North Beach in Hampton, NH, Saturday, August 4, 2012 around 10 pm,  I was bewildered to see 3 round red orange lights in the sky over the shoreline. &quotDo I see 3 red lights in the sky?&quot, I asked my companion, and he said yes, you do.  We pulled into a parking space and watched for a minute as they moved southwesterly across the sky, in a row.  We then got out of the car and continued to look in amazement as two or three more appeared (not sure of the number), and they all followed the same path.  They were equidistant from one another, moving slowly and silently. The first one got smaller and smaller, then disappeared, and the others followed suit. I'm guessing it lasted maybe four or five minutes until all disappeared. I've researched and can't find any plausible explanation, and so I'm sharing the experience here on the National UFO Reporting Center. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.939;-70.819
Dark colored sphere or egg shaped solid object no lights no sound traveling as fast as a helicopter moving straight 1200 feet overhead;2013-06-14 20:00:00;1 minute;Dark colored sphere or egg shaped solid object no lights no sound traveling as fast as a helicopter moving straight 1200 feet overhead It was around 8:15 PM Saturday, June 14, 2013, when my stepdaughter and I decided to go ripsticking around our neighborhood. Ripsticks are similar to skateboards.  The weather was perfect all day and the sky was perfectly clear.  The sun was slowly setting but it was still light out.  I am a 32 year old male and the other witness was my 12 year old step daughter. We rode our ripsticks for roughly 15 minutes then decided to take a break in a quiet neighborhood a few streets away from our house.  She got off her ripstick and sat down in the grass off the road.  I stopped and got off the ripstick and stood in the road simply looking at how beautiful the sky was that evening.  My eyes were quickly drawn to a small dark spherical shaped object appear on the horizon where the tree line meets the sky, around 300 yards to the right of the road.  There was a wooded area, a break in the neighborhood where no houses were built, just power lines running along an open area with ! grown in shrubs and grass and small trees.  The area was about 40 feet wide with power lines right through the middle.  On both sides were bigger trees and denser woods. This object caught my eye as I happened to be looking in that direction of the sky where the sun was setting. By that time it was still somewhat light out, but dark enough for cars to start turning on head lights. Basically the sky was still light in that direction and the ground and street and neighborhood was getting darker. The object was traveling as fast as a helicopter would. I thought it was a helicopter at first, but there was absolutely no sound, no lights blinking, no lights at all. It seemed to be moving in a straight line as if it had a destination heading towards the coast out to the ocean. It was difficult to guess how high it was, I would estimate around 800-1200 feet off the ground. I am not sure how fast it was going, but similar to any airplane or helicopter. It never stopped never hovered, ! just kept going straight towards the coast. It first appeared ! as small dot on the horizon then got bigger as it approached our area overhead then as it headed off toward the coast it got smaller and smaller again. It lasted roughly about 1 minute from the horizon where the sky was brighter from the direction of the sun setting, to the coast where it was no longer visible. We both saw it and we both felt a very strange feeling in our gut about it. Something definitely was not right about it. No sound and no lights. It went right over us. I did notice it seemed to be going in the same direction as the power lines that came out of the wooded area. It was high enough to not be able to make out any details with our naked eyes. I wish I had binoculars at that moment, but unfortunately I didn’t. Still it was very unusual and we could sense it in our guts. Basically it was ball or spherical shape, all black or dark color, no lights, no sound, moving as fast as any aircraft would overhead. It was definitely not an airplane, not a jet, not a helicopter,! not a glider, not a satellite, not a hang glider because it was spherical, and it maintained the same altitude, not a person in a parachute, not a kite, not any bird or any flying animal, not anything that I could possibly think of. This thing had a solid round dark colored egg shaped or spherical shaped body to it. No wings, no tails or fins, just a solid spherical mass floating through the air as fast as a helicopter with no sound, and no lights. It was very creepy. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.939;-70.819
