FInally come to grips with this one....but when I was about 8 yrs....my family was taken and examined.....however, i beleive that i was;1976-07-17 01:00:00;4.5 hours;FInally come to grips with this one....but when I was about 8 yrs....my family was taken and examined.....however, i beleive that i was able to use my spatial awareness/astral projection even at that age....so when i was unable to be kept asleep, i jumped up to escape. I had to be paralyzed in mid stride. I distincly flash back to see the looks on the faces of the aliens. Especially the elder, raised eybrow they seemed intrigued...they had to show me what they were doing as i remained in this state....examining each of us. They showed me a very large screen where children were taken to a remote desert planet and led to beleive they were actually on a carnival ride similar to ours.....circular rotation with rise and fall with an increase and decrease in speed, and minor g force fluctuation. they thought they were on a carnival ride, yet they were actually being studied for their space/time/gravitational awareness!! ingenious....Why?? because as we evolve we will be able to focus more on our sense of gravity and spatial awareness. Our sense of sound touch smell and thought will be finely tuned to be able to alter the physical, as they do.....that is why they communicate with telepathy..it is easy for them, and there are a lot of humans as well. they have told me they have evolved much differntly....a more light oriented and denser atmosphere where there ocean is more jelly like and plasmic, so as to create a bipedal amoebic....hence they have an exoskeleton..their evolution was much more rapid in this plasmic state....and yes it does consist of some silicon...but not sure of it all...They like to communicate with those they have visited previously through intergalactic talepathy, as in viewing remotely....the one that coms with me most even told me that our theory of everything as in string theory is not extrapolated enuff, that in the multi dimensional we must be able to have the physics/chemistry/gemetry/stats/ all interconnected, and that our understanding of the depth of all consumates the interconnection of all theorem. Thus, E=Mc squared is missing volume and geometry and also a chemical and statistacal probability of the Mass as the entity relates to the energy and constant. Also that kinetic energy involves a molecular exchange of particles between two objects whether static or not. IE a human hand may walk by a radio and its signal interupts via the exchange of human boundary (kinetic) and radio /soundwave (kinetic) that the understanding of the Mass/size/Molecules of this energy and its fields surrounds EVERYTHING!. And that our Superconductors are way way to big!;42.939;-70.819
strange object with three glowing lights.;2008-03-30 21:15:00;A few seconds;strange object with three glowing lights. I was hanging out in a hot tub, which is a weekly things for us, and I was looking at the sky for shooting stars. I saw something and pointed it out to who I was with and quickly realized that it wasnt a shooting star at all it was something else. I saw this object moving across the sky rather quickly and it seemed to be low and large. There were three circles in a line, but it appeared to just all be one object. The circles had an orange aura around them. They were all moving at the same speed, the objected seemed to wobble a bit before I lost sight of it.;42.939;-70.819
Two timing red lights in the sky.;2015-07-10 22:00:00;20;Two timing red lights in the sky. Myself and the person next-door about three nights ago noticed 2 red glowing red balls in the sky about 3 miles or so away.  tonight as i am out side the are there again.  its almost as if the are bright one min and then dim the next. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.939;-70.819
