Four or five solid red lights slanted almost as a plane on its side following one single orange light/orb.;2012-10-04 20:30:00;30-60 seconds;Four or five solid red lights slanted almost as a plane on its side following one single orange light/orb. PLEASE READ ALL. THIS IS NOT A HOAX!!!   Okay so today is October 4, 2012. Roughly around 8:30 pm tonight my friend and I were driving home. I was in the driver’s seat, and my friend in the passengers.  He notified me of an object that looked like a plane about to land off in the distance and I looked up and saw what he was talking about.  As we got further down the road, going straight toward the object, I noticed what I thought at the time was a satellite in front of the plane.  The satellite looking object was a little above the plane object and looked orange. As we got closer I slowed down almost to a stop. It looked as if the plane was flipped on its side and could see a metal/light color filling in between the lights that were following behind the orange light.  We got almost right under the object so I turned the music completely off to see if I could hear anything.  Didn’t hear a thing!!  The objects were flying as low as military cargo planes and I couldn’t hear a single thing!!  The orangish light was a slight bit higher and out in front of the other object. They never got farther apart, higher or lower or anything.  These objects traveled what looked like together, never moving any different from each other, and at the same exact speed.  The other object that my friend and I thought was a plane at first was a lot different as it got closer. It started out looking like a normal low flying plane, than when it was close we noticed the lights were upright.  The lights on the plane object were all red, there were about four or five t! ops and they were not flashing, pulsing, or anything.  It almost looked as if it was a plane flipped on its side, kind of strait up and down but a little slanted. After we stopped the car I looked around the sky and spotted planes flying and as soon as I saw one, counted it out because it was nowhere near what we had just witnessed.  We saw this UFO looking object for about 30 or so seconds.  I completely ruled out a satellite, blimp, plane, anything. We saw the object for a good half minute or so and were close enough to it that if it had been a plane or blimp we would have easily heard it.  It was so strange because the objects never moved away from each other, they were moving all as one. In conclusion, one orange glowing light/orb in front and a slight bit higher, with four or five red solid lights cockeyed trailing somewhat close behind it across the sky.  Sorry that this is so long and specific but I have never seen anything like this in my entire life and neither has my friend.  We both spent all night trying to think of excuses and have no idea.  While I was looking at this object I got chills going up and down my neck and back  I was so freaked out and still am. I even grabbed a pen afterward and wrote down before and after what the objects looked like on a napkin in the car. PLEASE if anyone important who can cover what I saw or thinks they know what I saw let me know because I’m at a loss for words.  THIS IS NOT A HOAX.  I am a normal nineteen year old boy, I go to college, have played sports, no health problems, don’t do drugs or drink, have tons of friends, don’t believe in conspiracy theories, etc.  I can email a drawn picture of what the object looked like even. Ever since I saw what I did I cannot stop thinking about it.  In a way I hope I see whatever I did again sometime, I’ll be looking up at the sky every night from now on.  Thank you for reading.;41.2325;-80.234
