Lights That Came Through My Bedroom Window;2006-04-13 14:00:00;20-30 minutes;Lights That Came Through My Bedroom Window I awoke in the middle of the night to use the restroom.  There is a large window in my room with vertical blinds.  I walked past the window to the stairs, and on the wall reflecting from outside I saw 5 lights.  I brushed it off for the time being and said to myself that it was just light reflecting off of my car headlights, even though my car was parked away from the house that night leaving space infront of my house, and the front window.  I used the restroom, and went back downstairs.  Outside of my window I could still see lights.  They were low to the ground, much lower then that on a car, and much brighter.  I got an overwhelming kind of feeling inside of me, but I was tired and continued on to my bed. Beside my bed there is window that comes just a few inches above my bed.  After laying in bed with my eyes closed and still aware of the lights, I felt a presence and I felt like I was being watched.  I opened my eyes and I saw outside of the window there was something standing there.  I was filled with overwhelming fright and I could not breathe.  That is all that I remember. In the morning I was out of thoughts and did not think of the night before until my mother who has a room upstairs, mentioned this.  She asked me if someone had stopped by last night.  She said that very bright lights shined in her room, but only minutes later they were gone.  She said that this happened shortly before I went upstairs last night. I have never had such an experience.  My mother has had experiences more frightening then what happened to me.  She told me what had happened to her years ago after I told her what had happened to me that night.;41.2325;-80.234
Tonight at 7:04 pm, we were traveling south on Route 19 from Mercer towards Harlansburg.  Around the church on that road we happened to;2015-10-29 19:04:00;>5 minutes;Tonight at 7:04 pm, we were traveling south on Route 19 from Mercer towards Harlansburg.   Around the church on that road we happened to look outside our vehicle on the passenger side and saw 4 orange color lights flying north in perfect formation.  Under the clouds.   They were spaced perfectly apart in almost a big dipper handle shape.   Coincidentally, one other person saw same lights in portersville at 5:30pm and in Ohio at 1030pm.  Also we went back out and drove toward where we saw the lights 45 min later and someone had ran into a cow on that road...  Coincidence?  I don't know;41.2325;-80.234
