On 04/04/14. at approx. 18:00 hrs.  5 extremely bright white objects, very high up, straight flat wings, slight curved corners.;2014-04-04 14:30:00;20 minutes;On 04/04/14. at approx. 18:00 hrs.  5 extremely bright white objects, very high up, straight flat wings, slight curved corners At approximately 6p.m., my neighbor called me to say that he had been observing over a dozen unknown objects in the sky.  He asked me if I could see them from my house, so I went outside and yes, I could see 2 of them for a short time.  One of them veered off into nothingness, and the other one seemed to climb higher and then vanished.   When they disappeared from view, I came back inside to find my binoculars.  Here is what I saw: With the binoculars I could see 3 more.  At first I wondered if they were some kind of a very large bird, but they seemed to be so high up that it didn’t seem logical.  They were extremely white and bright with straight wings, but the ends were flat with slightly rounded corners.   Then, I wondered if it could be a piper cub plane, but it was so very high up, that did not make sense either.  They simply cruised, sometimes curving back like a bird of prey might do, and then other times they turned direction and came back in a straight line.   My total viewing time with the binoculars was approximately 20 minutes.  I also wondered if it was a fleet of drones. I must stress that the most important aspects of this sighting are that they were extremely white, that they were extremely high up, and that the wings were not bird like at the tips, but straight out, flat at the ends, with slightly rounded tips. Thank you for your time and all the work you do. ((NUFORC Note:  The witness has amended the time to approximately 14:30 hrs..  We have changed the time indicated above.  PD));44.2204;-69.5133
gray and black acorn shaped object with antennae, dark spots, and lighter square in Jefferson, Maine.;2015-02-17 10:19:00;5 minutes;Gray and black acorn shaped object with antennae, dark spots, and lighter square in Jefferson, Maine Dear Peter  On 02/17/15 @ 10:19 a.m., I was driving on the East Pond Rd. in Jefferson, Maine, watching a “sundog” and wondering why a sundog was in the sky so early in the day.  I stopped by the roadside to take a picture of it, and when I looked at the picture on my tracfone, I discovered this curious item up in the top left of the picture.  I did not see it at the time that I took the picture. It is an acorn shaped object, without the cap, and if you look closely you can see two short antennae sticking out the right hand side of the object, as well as a couple of dark spots on the front right, and a square light spot on the front left of the object. Unfortunately, no one was with me at the time, but I can assure you that this is not dust, snow, or water on the lens. I am going to email this picture to you, I find this to be rather curious, and I hope it helps you, if you find it worth noting. I’m sure this sounds bizarre, but I will note that I have been watching a very old house below where this picture was taken.  Every time I drive by, something seems different about the windows, curtains, and old stuff inside, which is partly visible from the road.  I had just mentioned to my grandson that I was considering that the house was either haunted or that somehow someone was inside even though there are no footprints or snow plow action around the house.  It probably has nothing to do with anything, but I thought you might be interested. Thank you for all you do. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the photo, and our impression is that the object probably is not a genuine UFO.  Our first impression was that the object was a water droplet, given that it appears to be transparent.  We do not know what the object was.  PD));44.2204;-69.5133
