Wilder St by UMASS Lowell, I spotted a very shiny, bright--white/yellow object in the sky...my husband and sister then saw it.;2015-08-09 20:00:00;5 minutes;Driving up Wilder St by UMASS Lowell, I spotted a very shiny, bright--white/yellow object in the sky...my husband and sister then saw it...then my husband spotted another and another---when I saw the third one it was flying next to the other one and had changed direction like a plane would not do.--- it was hard to determine the shape, but one that I got a better look at looked like something was jutting out from it--- we turned around on Middlesex St and then only saw one for about 2 more minutes.;42.636185925926;-71.3161133333334
Reverberating sound, which is auditory and intensely loud.;2015-10-25 05:43:00;15 minutes;Reverberating sound, which is auditory and intensely loud. I am alone and sitting on our three-season porch with the window open, while finishing a class assignment for my online University, when a unnatural sound begins to occur.  The sound occurs out-of-doors, and I am able to hear it through my screen in the window.  The sound is somewhat loud and reverberating.  After 9/11 I did hear government planes flying over our house, this sound I am hearing at this predawn time is reverberating, and is definitely NOT like that noise. I live in a suburban/urban city area, which does have traffic noise, sirens, children playing, and other constant natural sounds (birds, dogs, etc.), which I am used to, constant airplane and helicopter traffic, and occasional gunshots.  Some of these sounds did occur at the same time I am hearing the reverberating sound, but not all of them.  This new sound, which is auditory and not internal, is a constant sound, which does last for a duration of fifteen minutes or more. During the reverberating sound, I begin hearing an unnatural pitch, which is not a part of the reverberating sound.  The pitch goes high and low like a tuning fork sound.  This occurs as the reverberating sound continues and the tuning fork sound is one to two seconds long. The emotional response, which it evokes is ominous.  Psychologically, I do try to rationalize and recognize the sound.  I begin thinking as to what the sounds may be and what I usually am able to hear.  I then try to decipher if the reverberating sound is one I have heard before.  I do try to come to terms with sound, as something that may have been natural, but I was unable to do so.  The reverberating sound and the tuning fork like sound, do not in any way sound like a natural occurrence, which is auditory.  I am unable to capture the sound with my computer web camera app.   I leave the area after the tuning fork sound, as I am frightened and unable to investigate it further.;42.636185925926;-71.3161133333334
Several lights seen in semi-circle formation;2018-01-01 17:30:00;20 minutes;Several lights seen in semi-circle formation My husband went outside to use our grill and quickly called me out to our back deck.  He pointed out a bright light, which appeared to be hovering in the distance, on the left side of our property.  He then pointed to the opposite side of our property and there were between 5-7 very bright lights, which also appeared to hovering.  When scanning from the right side of our house to the left side, you could clearly see they formed a semi circle around the area.  Since there were some trees obstructing our view outside, we ran inside to a large window in the dining room on the side of the house.  From there, we were able to get a very clear view of the lights to the right of our house.  None were moving, all appeared to be hovering.  We questioned if they were perhaps planes, but again, they were not moving and there were no additional lights on them.  Also, I'm sure planes would not even be allowed that close in proximity to each other.  I assume being that clo! se they would be considered in each others air space.  We sat there and watched them for about 20 minutes and then they abruptly disappeared.  They did not fly away or dim, they literally just disappeared.  My husband took video from inside the house which did not come out good, likely due to the window glare.  Shortly after they disappeared (about 10 minutes), another appeared by itself.  I took video of this one from our deck.  It is not good quality, you can only tell that it is a bright light, BUT you can plainly see that it is not moving, just hovering.  We're not totally sure what we saw, but these were definitely not planes.  Very curious to know if anyone else in the area saw this as well.  We live in Lowell, MA.  The Concord River is directly to the left of our house.;42.636185925926;-71.3161133333334
