flying saucers seen near livermore california by driving witness on 680;2003-02-04 23:00:00;5 min or so..;flying saucers seen near livermore california by driving witness on 680 I was driving home from my girlfriends house and was going over a slight foothill pass near livermore on 680 in california headed north, but had not yet reached pleasonton.   As I came down the mountain pass on the other side, I could view the stars as its a great spot to see the sky and hills coming down. I looked and saw what appeared to be two shooting stars come down on an area of the sky ahead of me toward livermore area. The stars split directions and the light was gone.. Further down the hill going approx 65 mph.. I looked out my right hand window of my blazer and saw a circlur dark disk float past as if I was looking at the bottom of it.. It all happened so fast it was hard to believe the light in the distance that I saw was the same disk that had floated by.. The look was as if I could see the blackness of space and stars and then an eclipse of the bottom of this 'disk' metal looking area that was grey looking float by.. I had no time to stop or didint think about doing it.. To verify what I had seen was not a reflection from something inside my car.. I'm highly positive what I saw was a craft of some sort, as I KNOW I saw the shooting stars before the (UFO?), so my consequential sighting MUST relate to the shooting stars.. the craft must have been one and the same thing. and it has the ability to go extremely fast and levitate without any engine.. There were no lights as it floated by.. just the grayness of the bottom of the disk… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));37.712136312849;-121.767096089386
Bright circular object of rusty orange color crossing sky, then quickly fading;2007-03-20 20:00:00;<1 minute;Bright circular object of rusty orange color crossing sky, then quickly fading On March 20, 2007, my youngest daughter and I were walking toward the local HS parking lot from the gymnasium, returning home after a school event.  The night was remarkably clear and I could see all the stars pretty clearly.  There were a number of airplanes flying on the normal approach paths.  Sirius and Orion were prominent in the Southern sky.  The planes approaching SFO and other Bay Area airports routinely stack up in both a southeast and easterly approach corridor.  My eye caught a very bright orange colored light that was roughly aligned to the southeast approach, but definitely the wrong color for airplane landing lights (of which I see many).  The light of this object was very bright, a bright rust red/orange, at least 2 to 3 time the brightness of Sirius but the color of Mars through a telescope (I am a life-long amateur astronomer).  I’d watched it for 10 seconds or so and was wondering why it didn’t have any navigation lights because up this point, I was assuming it was a commercial aircraft.  I’m quite familiar with aviation.  I finally mentioned it to my youngest daughter, that I think that object is a UFO, but really half jokingly, expecting any second to see the red/green navigation lights, a strobe or some indication of normal aircraft appearance.  It was certainly Unidentified and Flying (or Orbiting) and it was definitely an Object of some kind.  The speed across the sky suggested an aircraft or satellite and it moved silently as far as I could surmise above the noise of the other people.  I’m not sure any else noticed and I admit I was too shy to point, and say, Hey, look a UFO!   My youngest daughter had dashed off in a different direction to seek my other daughter (about 15 seconds into the observation) because there was still nothing unusual other than the bright steady color.  I continued to watch for another 20-30 seconds or so.  About this time I looked down to unbuckle my digital camera to try for a picture, although with the glare of the parking lot and lack of any tripod, I didn’t really hope for much, even at full zoom.  However, by this time it faded suddenly as it crossed Orion’s belt over the span of 3-5 seconds.  Strangely, satellites usually brighten as they head out of the shadow of the Earth and go into sunlight.  This object had the opposite behavior, approaching from deep shadow brightly becoming dim as it moved toward the west. My daughter rejoined me and I told her that our object just vanished before my eyes.  I came home and wrote up and drew what I had just seen.  The most remarkable part of the event was that Sirius, the brightest stellar object in the sky, was clearly much more point-like and dimmer than the object, which passed within a few degrees of the star on its way toward Orion, and therefore provided an excellent comparison object.  The object seemed initially to have almost a planetary disk appearance, which was not twinkling or point like but more like a circular smudge.  As it faded, it became much more point like and finally vanished.  I’ve seen satellites flares, and the color tends to be very white.  This object was clearly a different color than any satellites I’ve seen.  If I was to speculate it could have been a spacecraft or very slow moving orbital object skipping off the atmosphere.  At no time did it move in a way that suggested intelligent control so I can’t say for certain it was anything but a highly unusual sighting.;37.712136312849;-121.767096089386
Eight pale red or pink circular objects flying in and arrow-like formation.;2012-07-31 20:45:00;:45;Eight pale red or pink circular objects flying in and arrow-like formation. I saw 8 points of light (each uniform, and similar in size to a large star, but with a steady, pale-red or pink color, flying in an arrow-like formation, as indicated below:  . . . . . . . I spotted them as I crossed the street by the ZPizza restaurant in the Springtown neighborhood headed east on foot.  It was approximately a half-hour after sunset.  As I got to the cross walk, I look up and saw them in the sky above the buildings ahead of me they were traveling in that direction (easterly). I thought I should record them on my iPhone, and looked down momentarily to pull out my phone and bring up the camera app.  By the time I did (just a few seconds), all but two of the objects had disappeared, and those two were now headed in a northerly direction much closer to the horizon.   They seemed to be moving fast, and I was wondering where the other objects had gone so quickly.  There was not enough time to record them (it was a matter of seconds) I just watched them disappear into the distance. I am not a believer in UFOs, but found this quite unusual. I scoured the papers the next day to see if there was a story of any kind.  I finally found your Web site, which contained two similar sightings to mine that same evening in the same neighborhood.;37.712136312849;-121.767096089386
