Orange multi-colored rectangular craft seen heading north around 4pm on 4/18/10 in the Houston/Montgomery counties area of middle TN.;2010-04-18 15:45:00;about 4 minutes;Orange multi-colored rectangular craft seen heading north around 4pm on 4/18/10 in the Houston/Montgomery counties area of middle TN. My family and I were traveling East on Hwy 13 from Erin towards Clarksville on Sunday April 18, 2010 around 3:45 pm.  Directly ahead of us, (guessing over Cumberland Heights area was where it was) my husband and I both watched as this oddly shaped tangerine/peach colored rectangle passed in front of our field of vision going in a northerly direction. I say oddly shaped because the leading edge had well defined 90 degree edges on it and the length was consistent with a rectangle, but the back end was less well defined almost as if it was fading or in a mist at the back end.  The colors were very pretty and bright, and kind of rippled with different shades of orange, tangerine, peach, and even a little pinkish or salmon color. We were far enough away to see it in its entirety, and we saw no other aircraft around (at first I thought it might be a banner pulled behind a plane, but the sky was otherwise empty).  My husband suggested it was a blimp, but the shape was wrong, as was the area, for the area is very rural. We watched it as we continued our drive into town for about 4 minutes and my husband even sped up to get closer to it so that we could see it in more detail.  The closer we got, the more vivid the colors were.  We were also able to say without doubt that it was not being powered by or pulled behind any other craft in the sky.  We were trying to get close enough to see if it had any marking or writing on it, but as soon as we got close enough, the road went between two tree covered hills and we lost sight.  I would say that when we lost sight of the craft we were approximately 200 yards away and the craft was flying about 150 feet high, just over the tops of the trees on the hills that surround the road.  It didn't leave any con-trail, unless the 'mistiness' of the back end would qualify, and it didn't seem to make any noise, but our distance from the craft and the fact we were in a moving vehicle could have been the reason we heard nothing. As we came out of the hills, my children (age 11 and 14) and I scoured the sky behind us and to the north for the rest of the drive in, but didn't see it again.  We figured it had to have landed somewhere in the woods, because it was just gone. We talked about it and we were all left scratching our heads.  To my total consternation, we had left the camera at home, and our cell doesn't have a camera, so we were unable to get a picture of it. We do live near an army base, and there are army aircraft of all sorts in the sky over us on a regular basis.  This sighting also took place not far from a TVA power plant off the Cumberland River.  I am unsure if this has anything to do with the sighting, but not far from the sighting is a small back country looking road that has been closed and gated with a sign saying something to the effect - closed by order of the U.S Government.  Could they all be related??   I am reporting this in the hopes that someone else saw what we saw and can verify or disprove to us what it was we saw.  My true hope is that someone else was able to get a picture or video of this UFO so that I don't wonder for the rest of my days what it was that we saw. Thank you for providing this forum so that can happen.;36.3073;-87.6772
