Two lights slowly flying north to west near shores of Lake Erie, one flies around the other. Then disappears.;2007-04-29 21:45:00;seconds;Two lights slowly flying north to west near shores of Lake Erie, one flies around the other. Then disappears. At approx. 9:45 pm I saw two lights coming from the north to the west. They must've been close because the lights were bigger than the average stars that are obviously seen far off.  The sighting and where I live are just 2 blocks from the shores of Lake Erie and over the town's court house/jail.  As they were moving from north to west, the one light flew around the other light as if it just needed to be on that side of the other craft.  All in all, they did not move that fast in speed.  But in timing of the whole senerio, they were there, they were gone. I was stunned to say the least.  I have never wittnessed anything like this before. It was very cool!;41.5146000000003;-82.9390999999997
 thought it was a star but then it moved became enlarged and bright  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of an Iridium satellite.  PD));2008-06-06 00:00:00;0:01;two friends Star Gazing becomes ufo sighting nw ohio short sighting thought it was a star but then it moved became enlarged and bright My friend had been over at my home and we had just been hanging out. We had been outside a few times tonight smoking a cigarette. While he had gone outside on my deck to smoke another cigarette. I had gone outside to join him as he was sitting outside on a chair I sat down in a chair next to him and lit up my cigarette. I always look up into the stars at night and never in my life have seen anything stranger than a shooting star or northern lights. Once a rare solar storm! But as I gazed into the western sky looking at about a 15 degree angle view off into the sky. I seen 3 stars that I most likely see alot staring off into the sky. But as I kept my focus one of them moved to the right moving north. Not far or not fast it didn't move very far and stopped and became bright and about 3x its previous size. Then it was moving away from our direction to the east but at a fast rate to where we could not see it anymore! It definitely went out of the atmosphere. As I was looking at it when I thought it was a star as it moved I told my friend do you see that. But I did not take my eyes off it. As I said that it had moved to the right in the northern direction. Stopped became brighter then took off to the east away from us into the sky and disappeared. I was thinking omg as it was over and glad my friend saw it too. We both have never seen anything like this ever before. As it was gone we notice planes heading in the general direction it was at in the sky. We never saw it appear I just noticed it looking at the stars thinking it was a star. But it did something I've never seen a star do before. Which was move become enlarged and brighter then disappear! ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of an Iridium satellite.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.5146000000003;-82.9390999999997
