Hovered over neighbors farm for a while, 3+ lights, then became VERY BRIGHT (blinding us). Circled our house a few times and did a 180.;2016-05-03 21:30:00;25 minutes;Hovered over neighbors farm for a while, 3+ lights, then became VERY BRIGHT (blinding us).  Circled our house a few times and did a 180. It was around 9:30 EST, when me and my mother were driving home from a religious meeting.  Coming down our road we noticed a light in the air that strangely was not moving. Pulling into our drive, we stopped and observed it directly hovering over our neighbors house (which conveniently was a farm house).  Observing it, we quickly came to the conclusion that it was not an airplane. A sudden gasp was heard from our Jeep as the three hovering lights turned into a large white ball of light, like a spotlight, blinding us.  This ended in a matter of seconds. Immediately we called the farmer, but he wasn't able to see it.  We saw it clear as day, it was like nothing we had seen before. Even pulling into our wooded driveway, it was bright enough that we could still see it.  We sat talking to the farmer for around 5 minutes watching the craft go in a back and forth pattern with sharp turns over his house.  Here it starting moving closer to us. We pulled the rest of the way up our driveway, and the garage was having trouble opening (most likely a coincidence, it does it sometimes) so we sat and watched it longer.  At this point it was dangerously close to our house. From this point on and when we got inside, you could see a triangle of different color lights (white, red, green, blue) that changed colors, similarly to an airplane it seemed at first, but this was not functioning at all like an airplane.  Then the whole craft turned red. My father here pointed out that he could hear it, and it sounded like an airplane, until the sound abruptly stopped.  Before it was moving very slowly, but now it was moving quicker and making very sharp terms. Finally, it moved out of our sight, slowly again.  I have never seen anything like this in my life.  The only explanation is brand new military craft or alien ship. Coincidentally, I was talking about UFOs to my father a few nights prior, which was strange.  Pictures were not taken due to a lack of a good camera, and my mother yelling at me not to take pictures (Why?  I don't know.) for the fear that It might know.  If I could, I'd swear over a bible to let you know that all of this that I saw is true.  Long story short, I will not be sleeping tonight.;41.2941;-81.2283000000001
