Extremely low flying & slow moving triangular/stealth, emitting intensely bright and moved through the air like it was floating;2020-03-04 21:30:00;80 minutes;extremely low flying & slow moving triangular/stealth, emitting intensely bright and moved through the air like it was floating 	On Wednesday, March 4th, around 8:30pm I was driving on 93N between exits 1 & 2 in Salem, NH and I noticed an extremely bright light in the distance ahead. It was a very clear night so I assumed it was a planet or something I missed hearing about being able to see since I’m not so big on social media anymore these days and I don’t watch the news. About 30-45 minutes later, I was heading home on route 102 in Chester from Derry. I was on the phone with my friend who lives less than a mile from me in Chester and who was home and getting ready to meet me at my house. As I approached the center of Chester at the 102 and 121 intersection I saw an insanely bright light coming from the 121A area toward Sandown. I took the right onto 121A while telling my front what I was seeing, he said that he had “something weird in the sky” himself a little while ago. He got in his car and headed to mat house at the same time as me as we stayed on the phone. I took a left onto a side street off of 121A in Chester, the closer I got, the brighter the light got, it was so low, and moved so slowly, like a crawl. The light was this different kind of bright. Much stronger and wider than a flood light. Like a globe of bright of off-white hue. As I took the left it was to my right coming toward me  it looked as if almost barely missing the roofs. As it passed so. Fucking. slowly. Above me, I saw that it looked like a stealth bomber or something similar, and the whole entire underside of the left wing was light up red, the middle was that massive bright I was se! eing but it seemed to be dimming now, and the right wing under side was lit up in blue. It crawled over 121A toward Hampstead out of sight for just a short second, and then it reappeared- it had taken a right and was a little further in the distance. I got out of my car when I could still see it and it was silent but in its path behind it left a trail that felt and sounded almost like a wind tunnel or a subway arriving while waiting inside and underground station. It stopped what looked like over the Chester General Store area for a good a 45 minutes, it just hovered in the air.  	My friend arrived while I was still in the driveway and saw it turn and where it was hovering. We were on my back porch smoking while we watched it hover through the trees in the distance and seem to play tricks on us With the lights. Flashing greens and reds. All of a sudden we see it start moving toward us, again, so. fucking. slowly. Through trees, it goes right over my neighbors house, takes a right, we go inside and watch it through the windows, through the trees. Down the middle of the street, crawling through the air, and we go out the front door. It takes another right, so now it is where it was the first time I saw it about an hour ago. It turned slightly so it was now angled a little more toward us, then it stopped and hovered for a minute or so. Suddenly odd flashing lights catch the corner of our eyes to our right, we see what looks to be another one but seems to be smaller or look as if it were fourth in the distance. It come closer, stops and hovers. The other! one turns toward it. They both go directly at each other, a little faster than they had been, but still slowly, while red and white lights were flashing like lasers almost from each other, then they meet nose to nose and go directly over/under each other behind a thick cloud. We lose site of one for a few minuted while the other one stops almost immediately from the cloud. Then we suddenly started seeing orange and green blinking lights from much further away all and seemed to be in some kind of formation.  We saw the same things in the sky just at a further distance the next day. We both felt like it was “watching us” through the trees when we could see the light. It had a creepy feeling. I was so grateful my friend was there to witness it with me or I literally would have thought that I had lost my mind or had been dreaming, it all seemed so unreal, like a movie.;42.966;-71.2492
