Sightings of multiple craft disappearing and reappearing in sky, possible abduction.;1995-10-15 15:00:00;Several Minutes;Sightings of multiple craft disappearing and reappearing in sky, possible abduction. It was a rather clear day.  Very little cloud cover. I witnessed at least one craft silver/grey in color, very reflective.  I cannot give an estimate of the altitude of the craft in question.  It flew across the sky from E to S.  At a point around SE it disappeared from the sky.  It had not changed direction or speed.  I did not take my eyes off the object.  Upon scanning the sky, I discovered the object in question back at the original place in the sky at compass E.  Around this time of that year, I witnessed several craft having the same characteristics both in behavior and appearance.  The most notable sighting of these craft occurred around this time as well.  I saw one of these craft while in the backyard of my house.  The cigar-shaped craft crossed the sky, then stopped in mid-air.  A blue light came off of it, shining brightly even in mid-afternoon.  I don't recall exactly what happened that day, other than two odd things that I cannot account for.  One: I seem to have blacked out, but I came out of it standing upright in a different part of the yard than where I was when I saw the light.  Two: My clothes seemed in dissarray, my shirt was on inside-out and my pants' zipper was down.  I have since then had a dream about that day.  I do not consider the dream to be 100% reliable.  It may be the actual events of that day or merely my imagination.  However, the dream started out exactly like my real memories of that day.  In my dream I see the craft come down and hover over my house.  The next scene is me sitting naked in a white room with sophisticated equipment on my right and 2-3 greys in front of me.  There is a being to my immediate right holding an instrument in his hands and he moves behind me and I feel a pain behind my right ear.  Since that day, I have a noticeable lump behind my ear.  I have not had it taken out or seriously evaluated by a medical professional.  I have other accounts of odd sightings but will file them according to time/date. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.8503;-86.7638
