Hiding in the clouds;2006-09-22 16:00:00;2 minutes;Hiding in the clouds I noticed the UFOs as I looked up into the sky. I was in a parking lot at Walmart when I noticed the crafts. The crafts were oval and looked like chrome oval ships. The ships seemed to not wanting to be noticedWhat I mean is there were some clouds in the sky that day and the ships were traveling between each cloud, one after nother in groups of 2 or 3. They did not fly right out in the open. I happened to noticed them when I was lookng up at the how nice the sky looked that day..thats it. First I saw one silver (chrome) object and thought maybe it was a plane, but then I saw 2 more come out from one cloud and enter another cloud. Now there was enough open space ( without clouds) for me to notice them. and them. But by the way they moved and actually they were moving a a slow rate, they seemed to not want to be seen. The thihng that gave them away was how they traveled in groups. If they had traveled together I would have though a plane but the small groups which were a few seconds between each UFO group, it became easier for me to notice them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.9739;-71.3284
Red-orange large lights flew fast across the sky, 16 of them.;2010-09-25 08:00:00;8:12;Red-orange large lights flew fast across the sky, 16 of them. At 8:00PM on Landry Drive in North Attleboro Massachusetts I saw 10 UFO’s flying into the sky.  They were glowing red and appeared to be as far away as a slightly close plane.  The unidentified flying objects were flying semi- close together in an obvious form,  No noise came from the crafts. After they disappeared into the clear sky.    The cops came by and after the light from the cops were gone and we continued driving down the street we saw more of the strange lights.  Only these were bigger and a brighter red-orange color. Me and my dad stopped the car and parked it by a nearby elementary school.   We watched the lights as they made their way through the sky I got one picture with the camera.  These aircrafts were flying three close together looking almost like it was connected.  There were two sets of lights like this. Both of which dimmed out and disappeared into the clear sky.;41.9739;-71.3284
Orange oval shaped like a fire in the sky - blurry;2011-12-17 21:00:00;5 minutes;Orange oval shaped like a fire in the sky - blurry My husband and I were driving North on Route 1A in North Attleboro and noticed and orange object in the sky to our left.  We turned around and parked and were able to see it clearly.  It was orange, vertically oval and glowing as if on fire. It was very blurry - it was strange but it was difficult to focus upon it.  There were no stars or planes in the sky and the sky was clear.  It moved slowly south then south west and then began to move to towards space and as it did, it slowly disappeared.  I spent the rest of the evening looking but saw nothing.  My family and I saw a UFO many years ago and my husband always laughed when we spoke of it.  Finally, he saw something he can't explain.;41.9739;-71.3284
