Seeing is Believing:  Sighting Over Texas Coastline.;2019-01-04 23:45:00;2.5 minutes;Seeing is Believing:  Sighting Over Texas Coastline. I had recently started star gazing often at night because of a high occurrence of shooting stars in the area and sometimes in the early morning hours I would see satellites or space debris reflecting through the air.  Recently Trump had threatened his nuclear weapon button was bigger in response to North Korea Nuclear tension via Twitter so my assumption for a while for what I had viewed that night was it was a defense test or Space-X Rocket Launch from the Brownsville, TX, location.  I did not report this incident initially, as coming from a military family and having been educated in Mechanical Engineering, I assumed what I saw was a missile defense deflection test in preparation for any foreign nuclear attack. I walked outside and looked around the sky trying to allow my eyes to adjust to the darkness which would allow me to see stars and satellites easier as sometimes being next to a larger city the stars can be harder to locate.  The night sky was clear enough from cloud coverage for me to be able to locate stars in any direction.  About 2 minutes after being outside I noticed a group of 3 stars around 72 degrees east that were brighter than when my head had panned that direction previously.  Now visually fixated on these objects, I noticed that the objects were tracking NE in regards to my position and phone compass.  Being the large pessimist I am, I tried to downplay what I was seeing and assumed them to be air planes of some type.  But there were no strobe lights or jet sounds so I thought these to be space debris for a moment.  As a few seconds go by, I realize that it seems as if these equidistant 3 white orb objects are traveling in triangle formation.  There roughly at abou! t 35 degrees upwards in relation to my point of view.  Only about 10 or 15 seconds into the ordeal I made a split second decision not to go grab my phone (stupid) in a selfish act to keep watching the event unfold as I had never seen anything like this before but being someone well versed in mathematics and engineering was convincing myself with logical thinking what I was seeing was nothing to be excited about.  Calmly, I watched at about 45 seconds into the entire event as a middle orb seemed to appear out of thin air.  The objects began to track back towards the eastward direction slowly but changing directions simultaneously with each other moments after the arrival of the new orb.  Remaining equidistant to the new object the three whitish orbs slowly started de-accelerating to a full stop in coordination with the new orb the air.  Levitating there for a few more moments as the event reached the 1 minute mark.  The original 3 orb objects at this time started moving around as i! f they were trying to push this new orb that appeared by directing themselves underneath the new orb.  The original orbs were starting to move around the new orb erratically unlike anything I have ever seen before. Zig Zag patterns is the best description but staying equidistant from the new orb object.  At this time I noticed strobe lights of airplanes coming from a local air force base heading towards the objects coming from the Southeast direction at 116 degrees.  As the jets made it to around 75 degree east track the new orb surrounded by the original moving orbs started to glow orange slowly.  Over a period of 20 seconds the new orb grew to be larger and larger and seemed to gain luminosity as bright as the sun in the night sky but only in that area of the sky.  It looked like an atmospheric re-entry of a large object but the other objects around it seemed to speed up during this process.  The orb toward the right of formation shot off faster than I have ever seen anything travel in my entire life.  It covered around 6 inches of sky in less than! a 1 second span.  I assumed this object was traveling mach 5 or 6 but there was no explosion or sounds.  All I could hear were the jets at this time that were now approaching it within my range of view and most definitely theirs.  It was obvious these jets were tracking these objects.  The orb that traveled away from the formation went like a chord through a circle in regards to my visible atmosphere.  In less mathematical descriptive terms, the object was like if you were to have shot a bullet through the top portion of an orange.  The object was moving so fast it almost looked as a shooting star would have in regards to speed but this object was more gathered and had no comet tail or sparks.  The new glowing orb faded and each orb slowly one by one flickered/disappeared from plain site.  Whether these objects just traveled beyond the atmosphere slowly or not..they just vanished. After not being able to confirm that there was a space x launch and others in the area reported seeing the same thing I took it upon myself to report it.  As a credible witness soon to earn a degree in Mechanical Engineering, with a minor in both Mathematics and Psychology… What I saw is definitely artificial. I would assume at this time it is advanced defensive or just raw technology possessed by the United States Government being it was so closely after the nuclear arms arguments.  This is why I did not report it for a while but now I realize if it is an adversary that has the technology.  These objects are being reported around US military bases frequently.  Reports like this might be useful into tracking the origin.  Regardless of my opinions..it does not change the visual event that occurred.  So I decided to come forward with the report even though people usually are shunned for this type of thing.;27.8939;-97.3162999999995
