Husband and I were looking at the sky and saw a light similar to a star move quickly across the sky.;1999-06-07 22:15:00;5 minutes;Husband and I were looking at the sky and saw a light similar to a star move quickly across the sky. Husband and I were looking at the sky and saw a light similar to a star move quickly across the sky, then turn 90 degrees, made a zig-zag pattern twice, then brightened, dimmed, brightened, dimmed, then disappeared before our eyes. When it brightened, it had what appeared to be like a starburst emminating from it.  We were amazed by what we saw, knew it was not a plane or other aircraft, was not behaving like a satellite.;37.3578;-108.5802
Star-like light traveling at high speed from Northwest to Southeast. It became larger and flared,then back to former size. Disappeared ;1999-07-31 21:50:00;2 minutes;Star-like light traveling at high speed from Northwest to Southeast. It became larger and flared,then back to former size. Disappeared behind clouds. then reduced to former size. My husband and I are clinical psychologists.  We were sitting on our second-floor deck watching the lightening from distant storms in the east.  We noticed that the sky was clear for the first time in a couple of weeks to the west and were looking at the stars. As we were looking at the big dipper, we noticed a star-like light which moved very fast across the night sky. We realized there were no flashing lights as a plane or helicopter would have. It was traveling northwest to southeast. As it approached our location just before it went directly overhead, it flared and appeared larger with almost a luminescent light purple or blue aura around it. It almost looked like a starburst (light eminating from it in beams) when it brightened,and within the light I could see a darker shape. It then diminished to former size as it continued toward the southeast. We grabbed our binoculars and watched it as it streaked across the sky. It was not reflecting light, it had its own bright, white light. It didn't have a tail. It was definitely brighter than the stars it passed and seemed to be quite high. We followed it until it went behind clouds and disappeared.  After it disappeared from view, we noticed a plane flying from the northeast to the southwest.  It provided a nice comparison, in that it was much smaller and had flashing lights.;37.3578;-108.5802
Saw light traveling from Southwest to Northeast. It was approximately 60 degrees above the horizon from first sight across the sky till;1999-08-11 21:45:00;4 minutes;Saw light traveling from Southwest to Northeast. It was approximately 60 degrees above the horizon from first sight across the sky till disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  The report seems consistent with a sighting of a tumbling booster, and other satellites.)) We observed a bright white circle of light coming from the Southwest traveling directly overhead toward the Northeast at about a 60 degree angle off the horizon.  It began to vary in intensity from bright white to almost invisible in regular three-second intervals until it was no longer visible.  Its intensity was constant until it passed overhead, then began to dim and brighten in regular intervals when it passed through the Milky Way. The entire sighting lasted about 4 minutes. It did not display any changes in path but maintained a straight trajectory throughout our sighting.  It was not a plane, and did not have any blinking lights. It was a clear night.  Meteor showers were also present.  Planes were also flying in the area.  Two other lights were seen that were similar to this one.  All were seen within a 15-20 minute period.  The other two were of short duration. One was seen heading toward Venus from the Big Dipper and then disappeared.  The other one was heading from Venus toward the Big Dipper. It appeared to have its own light and was not reflecting light as far as we could tell.;37.3578;-108.5802
Golden point of light traveling west to east as bright or slightly brighter than a jet liner . NO stobe effect to light . From east end;2001-01-13 18:00:00;4to5 min;Golden point of light traveling west to east as bright or slightly brighter than a jet liner . NO stobe effect to light . From east end of Cortez object appox. 15 to 25 deg. north of town . At first though of the space station , unsure of orbit location at time of sighting. My wife was the other witness asked her the length time that had passed . She stated no more than 5 min. This is in a Air traffic zone that is over the four coners area ,but to the far northern side only once and a while do I notice a air craft this far north.;37.3578;-108.5802
Red glowing ball that hung in the air, switching off,  zipping off quickly upward.;2017-08-19 21:15:00;1 minute;Red glowing ball that hung in the air, switching off,  zipping off quickly upward. Sitting on my front porch, I saw in the western sky past the house across the street a glowing red ball of light.  There were fireworks heard earlier in the night, so I was expecting it to be fireworks.  However, it descended slightly, and then hung in the air.   I continued to watch it expecting it to pop like fireworks, but it just stayed there glowing.  It then suddenly shut off and zipped off upwardly very quickly leaving a faint white trail.  A few seconds later a green glittery patch of lights appeared that then turned into a red glowing ball of light and then it was gone.   I thought to use my phone camera I was listening to only then but was too late.  The fireworks were earlier in the evening at the golf course behind the house.  I didn't hear anything or feel anything like fireworks, but I was listening to my phone at the time.;37.3578;-108.5802
A light seen slightly to the east of the star arcturus that grew bright for a moment before disapearing. ((NUFORC Note:  Iridium?  PD));2018-06-09 21:18:00;3 seconds;A light seen slightly to the east of the star arcturus that grew bright for a moment before disapearing. A light seen stationary approx. 1/4 of a degree to the east of the star Arcturus.  It and the star increased in magnitude for a moment before the light faded away.  The light was a white-blue color.  The previous night (06/08/18) the light moved clockwise around Arcturus before disappearing and Arcturus' light dimming back down to normal ((NUFORC Note:  Possible flare from an Iridium satellite??  PD));37.3578;-108.5802
