Huge craft sighted at Hovenweep National Monument.;2000-04-05 23:00:00;15 minutes;Huge craft sighted at Hovenweep National Monument. In early April 2000, I went camping with my best friend and her husband in the four corners area.  We arrived at Hovenweep National Monument at nightfall when the park was closing and used the camp site there for the evening.  After eating dinner we sat out watching the stars.  It was a perfectly clear new moon night.  We were able to see miles and miles of the sky completely unobstructed by trees or clouds.  Hovenweep sits at the top of a large canyon and the landscape is desert.  There were no tall structures or mountains to block any part of the horizon. Slowly a huge and almost silent craft came into sight overhead.  It was hard to discern how low it was to the earth because of the darkness, but it was much closer than commercial jets fly.  It was the size of many commercial jets as well.  It was absolutely enormous. It’s shape was interesting, It appeared to have a main circle shape which connected to what I would describe as an upper-case T with the vertical portion of the T attached to the circle. The body of the craft was completely matte and dark, it reflected nothing (probably because there was no moonlight).  It blackened out the stars as it went overhead as well.  There were many lights on the craft in red, white, blue/purple hues.  The circle portion of the craft had several rings of varying lights in gradually smaller circles.  The T portion also had lights along the sides and bottom.  I recall there being variation in the lights, but not flashing.  They were very easily seen, almost a spectacle, not inconspicuous at all. What really baffled us was how quiet it was.  There were no engine sounds or apparent exhaust.  The air sound it made almost sounded like a hot air balloon, a whooshing sort of sound. It continued to travel overhead slowly for several minutes.  We were all watching and commenting on it the entire time.  We didn’t take any photographs, this was before cell phones were a normal thing to carry.   We were mostly in awe of what we were seeing.  After it traveled a considerable distance it appeared to rotate so that the circle and the T were now parallel instead of the circle leading.  It then detached the T from the circle slowly.  It stayed in a stationary position separated like that for around 30 seconds. Then both portions of the craft flew off at incredibly high speeds in opposite directions past the horizon of our visibility in a mere second.  It streaked the sky in both directions as if they were meteors.  The lights looked to be an orange type of color, as if all the colors blended together because of the speed of travel.;37.3578;-108.5802
A football field size bright light with a multicolored beam in the middle;2007-08-23 22:00:00;5 minutes;A football field size bright light with a multicolored beam in the middle I looked out my window at the farm below my home and saw a bright light that must of encompassed up to 10 or more acres of land. In the center of this light was a multicolored tubular beam of light coming down to the ground. I stepped out my door to see it better and heard a car in the distance approching this area. As soon as the approching cars lights came over the hill, the big lights I had been watching instantly disappeared. I then watched the car drive down the road and realized how big the light I saw were compared to this cars lights. I told my husband about it and he said I may have seen an abduction.  There are no cows in this feild this time of year. The next morning I looked at the spot where I saw the light and noticed a power pole that could of been in line with the beam. Almost like it could of been accessing the electricity. I have seen many UFO's but always somehow knew they were aware of me. This time I wondered why I was able to observe it and the car coming down the road was not. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicated a date in 2008.  We have amended the date above.  PD));37.3578;-108.5802
