Triangular craft, one light in center, low and slow.;2002-01-24 22:20:00;10 min;Triangular craft, one light in center, low and slow. I am a sky watcher and through the years, I have seen some anomalous objects, but this night, I saw something that many others have seen, but very up close and personal.  It was a cold and extremely clear night and I was out in the driveway with my binoculars, telescope, and spotting scope.  I saw a bright light coming from the south, very low to the horizon, at quite a distance.  I thought it was just a low plane.  After about a minute, it seemed to be much closer, but still very low.  I kept sky watching, looking at planes, Jupiter, Saturn, and Orion.  Then, this object was very close, still low.  I thought it was a plane, but that something might be wrong with it.  I focused it in the binoculars and saw nothing but the light and total blackness.  This object, other than the light on the bottom, could not be seen except for it displacing the stars in the sky.  As it came closer, it was triangular shaped with one white light in the very middle.  There were no corner lights as often described.  This thing headed right for me.  I practically buried myself into the back door of the GMC Jimmy I had at the time.  The object flew right over my head and it was HUGE!  If it had landed, it would have filled 6 to 8 acres.  As it went over, there was no sound other than the air moving around it.  It flew over me so slowly that I have no idea what held it in the air.  I have never seen anything go this slowly and not fall out of the sky.  The light in the center was extremely bright but did not hurt my eyes at all.  The light was constant, no flashes, strobes or pulses.  The object flew off to the north and out of view.  It was very low, seemingly just above the tall trees around my home.  The very night before, I saw a similar craft, but much higher in the sky, going quite fast.  It had the same white light in the middle.  I would have thought this object was just the white light, but in looking through the binoculars, I could see the triangular shape displacing the stars.  It also traveled south to north.  It was earlier in the evening, ~2100 EST.  On both nights, a few minutes after the object had left my view military planes were every where and flew around in my visible sky for about 15 minutes.  I know you get a number of reports about triangular craft.  I just wanted mine counted among them.;37.5623;-85.2645000000001
