Witnessed bright light/object  seemingly intensify and then accelerate away in a matter of about 1-2 seconds.;2000-06-26 22:20:00;1-3 seconds;Witnessed bright light/object  seemingly intensify and then accelerate away in a matter of about 1-2 seconds. We live on the Cascade Head, west of Hwy 101, north of interchange, Ha! with Hwy 18 from Salem, mountainous by the coast northwest of Salem river estuary, excellent visibility, virtually no city lights except to the south. Walked out of rear of house made turn then facing ene, looked up, bright object caught my eye at about 15 degrees ene of top dead center if you were to draw a perpendicular line straight up from my position. Object at first appeared brighter than any star normally would and then intensified to 10 to 20 times greater in magnitude than any normal stellar object other than moon or sun. Light was not awesomely brilliant or unpleasant but bright. Intensity similar to moon at about 70% full. Not certain about definition until object appeared to reach brightest point and then either roll, turn to se, or accelerate rapidly away from my position. I first thought it might be a satellite or nortorious space junk as the time of night and season would probably be about right as this was just nearing total darkness and something at that altitude might be catching the last reflections of the sun prior to moving into termination however I am left with the stongest impression that it banked or rotated to the east and acclerated out of view in less than a second. The impression was similar to the way starships reach warp drive on Star Trek just with a less distinct tail or trailer. I did not get an errie feeling. I have seen satellites react similarly before but not with a sense that they have accelerated away from my position but more that they have continued on the path much fainter having lost the benefit of the sun's reflection.I could not pick the object up again. It gave me the impression of being a luminated disk not in definitive outline but in manner of the luminous area dispacing the normal dark background of the sky. Although not able to see more than perhaps 40-60% of the sky from our position due to mountains and trees the star just a bit(1-2 degrees) to the north of object appears to b! e one of the 5 brightest in this nights sky. Object in question was approx. the size of a silver dollar to a penny in comparing the two.;45.0169;-123.9402
You need to take a look at this;2007-10-04 06:00:00;1 second;You need to take a look at this Peter:   I think you should take a look at the video that was submitted about the USAF commercial (910/4/07 06:00). I went to the link that was posted in the report of that date and time and there IS an object which appears just above the vehicle about to be blown up by the EOD guys. It traverses the screen in a split second but can be seen if you fiddle around with the pause button right after the narrator says That way nobody gets hurt. I saved this video to my computer and have been able to catch this object in several progressive moments. The thing is that there appears to be another object just above and to the right of the entry point of the main object. Also, the point of first entry, just above the explosive car, remains visible during the event. It IS very interesting and understandable that it might not have been noticed by the camera crew or others at the time. It is moving at an incredible speed.  If this is not a hoax, it is extremely interesting. Take a look. I don't think it's an insect as it moves way to fast for that and appears to be in the distance. Just thought you should know that that report may be more than meets the eye. Here is the link that was included in the report: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=8861352531472015562;45.0169;-123.9402
Super bright strobing flashes in sky over Oregon Coastal Mountains.;2008-02-29 19:10:00;2 minutes;Super bright strobing flashes in sky over Oregon Coastal Mountains. We were driving on Rt. 18 in Otis Oregon heading east nearing the Van Duzer National Forest and noticed the sky lighting up like lightning, with super bright flashes every 1 or 2 seconds.  Then we saw an object in the sky that was like a huge photo flash strobe light.  It was incredibly bright. It was moving slowly north along the Oregon Coastal Mountain range.  It was a rainy cloudy night and the object appeared to be under the cloud cover and when the flash strobed it illuminated everything on the ground as bright as lightning as well as illuminating the underside of the stormy clouds.  It left me with the impression that the object was using a super-bright flash to photograph the ground?   I have never seen anything quite like this!  I also have never seen a plane or any other aircraft flash as bright as lightning illuminating everything on the ground as bright as daytime!;45.0169;-123.9402
