Bright silver object with silver trail traveling at high rate of speed.;2011-10-21 19:30:00;10 to 12 seconds;Bright silver object with silver trail traveling at high rate of speed. 12 miles NW of Hulett, WY on Friday, Oct. 21, 2011 at approximately 7:30 p.m.  I observed a bright silver object traveling from west to east.  The object was traveling at a high rate of speed, much faster than jet aircraft.  The object was in the distance by several miles but very bright and behind the object was a silver trail.  The sky was dark, clear, no clouds or moon and stars were visible.  I observed the object for approximately 10 to 12 seconds as it traveled at a high rate of speed heading east and then it simply blinked and was gone.  I continued to observe the sky in all directions but never saw the object again.;44.7367;-104.6163
Intense Bright Flashes for Four Hours...;2019-05-26 00:00:00;4 hours;Intense Bright Flashes for Four Hours... I woke up at 11 pm...I go to bed very early, so this is a normal wake up time for me...I live about 10 miles East of Devil's Tower, Wyoming, in the extremely remote Black Hills...Neighbors here are about a mile apart, give or take...There is zero light pollution here...This morning a flash of light so bright and intense caught my attention, as the house was entirely dark, no lights on whatsoever...The light caught my attention because I had my curtains closed...The curtains are very thick and dark, and allow very little light in during times of the day when the sun passes by the window to keep my house cool...The light was so bright, it easily penetrated the dark curtains...I went over to the window and opened the curtains expecting to see a thunderstorm approaching...Nope...Every start was easily visible...Telling me two things...1) there were no clouds, because I could see every single star from horizon to horizon in all four directions, as I checked multi! ple windows to be certain...2) Seeing no clouds the flash of light could not have come from a thunderstorm...The flashes of light continued all the way up to the time of sun rise...The flashes of light were so intense they filled the entire sky, and for a brief moment, lit up the ground...The flashes were not consistent, at least, not by any means I could ascertain...The flash would only last a fraction of a second, and then was gone...There were never multiple flashes, it would just flash once, and then went dark again… At first I thought maybe a meteor had caused the flash, but after seeing the flashes continue for four hours, I deduced this could not be the reason, but cannot rule out meteors, because I could never see the point of origin of the flashes, nor could I see the entire sky all at once...There were no noises associated with the flashes, however, for the last 3 years I have been hearing ENORMOUS BOOMING noises, that seem as if to come from the ground...I did n! ot hear them during the flashes, but, when out with my dogs af! ter sunr ise, I did hear them again this morning...Are they connected somehow...? I have no idea whatsoever at all....Are the flashes somehow connected to a plasma storm hitting the earth from the sun and a ever decreasing magnetosphere...? Again, I cannot answer this, I have not the tools to measure nor determine this...But it is an interesting plausibility...Another thing to note here is this....EVERY single night for at least 2 years, at any given moment, there are several orbs in my sky...If it is clear, you can see them....White Orbs, and they do some crazy stuff...Sometimes they just shoot across the sky, sometimes they stop, change directions, sometimes they hover overhead and move around almost as if dancing in the sky...There are almost always multiple orbs...Something else to note, I have spotted them during the daytime when there are severe storms overhead...They appear BLACK during the day, and move in and out of the clouds and do the same general things they do when seen! at night...I also noticed, and this will sound weird, but if you use something to cover the sun, and look just above or just below the sun, and wait for your eyes to adjust, you can see MILLIONS and MILLIONS of orbs...Most are moving VERY HIGH overhead, but some change direction, and some are literally only feet above me...They very well could be ALL AROUND us, but I can only see them in the INTENSE and BRIGHT sun light, so who knows....I have so much more to say about all I have seen, but will sign off with just this....Heck...Most people will not even believe the things I have written here, much more the other anomalies I have seen with my own two eyes....;44.7367;-104.6163
