Three saucer shaped craft with sequentially flashing multicolored lights followed young couple who experienced lost time;1974-10-18 01:00:00;15-20 minutes;Three saucer shaped craft with sequentially flashing multicolored lights followed young couple who experienced lost time At approximately 1:00 A.M. in October 1974, my wife and I, being a young newly married couple, were riding in the country, as lots of youg kids do.  We were approximately one mile out of town from Hopkinsville and had come to the end of the Concord Lane.  You had to turn either left or right onto the Greenville Road.  As we both looked to the right toward town we saw three saucer shaped craft several hunderd feet in the air and looked as if they were between a quarter to a half mile from us.  The craft had multicolored lights on the underneath side that sequentially flashed.  The sighting scared both of us of course, and I instinctively turned left and continued heading out of town. We were both looking back to see what the craft were doing and noticed they appeared to be following us.  About a quarter of a mile down the Greenville Road was a secondary road.  We turned right onto the Antioch Road and noticed that all three craft were still following us.  Approximately one to two miles out this road was a small lake.  As we started rounding the curve that bordered lake Tandy, we saw all three craft hovering above the lake and the craft in the center of the three, had flames coming from the center of it's underneath side.  I immediately turned in a driveway that was just past the curve in order to turn around.  My wife says the next thing she remembered was being back on the Concord Lane heading toward our apartment.  But I honestly don't remember anything from the point in time I turned in the drive to turn around, untill I was actually getting out of the car back at the apartment at which time we noted the time being 4:00 A.M. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));36.8637168421052;-87.4862968421053
Strange Red Object.;2004-05-11 22:45:00;5-10 min.;Strange Red Object. It was tuesday night. I went outside for a smoke, as I sat down I looked around the neighborhood to see what was going on. When I looked up to the into the sky I noticed a big star, that wasnt there before on other nights. As I looked at it it turned red and it was fadeing in and out, then it got very bright. At first I thought it was the a plane or helicopter. But then it I noticed it wasnt moving. So it wasnt a plane or helicopter. Then it faded out again. And I thought it was a satellite, and no I was wrong again. Then it was like a split second it was back again. Then it begain to move it went down slow but left a red streak behind it. Then It was back in the same place it started. Then went went side to side slow and again left a red streak. Then stoped and faded in and out a few more times. Then It was gone. I sat there for a few more minutes and waited for it again. And Nothing. I told my husband. He never told me that a week before that he saw it to. But this time it was in the back of our house, it was hovering like what I saw. He said it was big and red and was hovering above the trees. And it made no sound. It had turned from white to red and was fadeing in and out. By this time I had chills. What can this thing be, and what could it want. We are stuned and confused about it. Any help anyone has is much welcomed.;36.8637168421052;-87.4862968421053
