Pink glows in Madison Heights, VA;2011-10-22 19:10:00;5 minutes;pink glows in Madison Heights, VA On 22 October 2011, around 1910 hours, we were headed home after dinner, from Lynchburg back to Madison Heights, in Amherst County, VA.  Just prior to turning onto our street, while heading east, we saw up in the night sky, a large number of bright pinkish glow lights, possibly with a pale light blue haze behind the pink glow.  Compared to what stars sizes appear to be, these looked ten times bigger.   Once on our street, we were headed south & continued to observe them.  It was something that neither of us had seen before.  We pulled off of the road to the right to better observe them.  I got out of the car & was looking at them, which would have been in the northwest sky.  At first, it looked as though they were stationary in the sky, but after a few moments, some appeared to be moving, but others weren’t.    I think the count was between seven and nine total from when we first saw them.  Each light I observed was separate from the others.  The distances b! etween them were different too.  They all appeared to be the same size, so I assume they were all the same distance from us. !  I’m not really able to know for sure, but they appeared to be at a 3000 foot elevation, maybe closer.  The sky was completely clear & calm.  You could see the stars, no fog, no clouds, nothing.  No winds prevailing either.  I’m not confused over what I saw.   As I got back into the car, the lights seemed to leave our area of the sky that we’d been observing them in.  That’s when we lost track of them & we came on home. Because of the six years I’d been in the military (Air Force), specializing in radar & weapons, I had dealt with a lot of anomalies & false blips on our radar screen.  One of my assignments was with the Air Defense Command that later became the Aerospace Defense Command.   I’ve seen night flares, helicopters, airplanes, gunships, fireworks, hot air balloons, landing lights on aircraft, all in night skies, but these are totally different from what we saw last night & different from anything I’ve ever seen before.;37.4532;-79.1091
