Pink spheres hovering and moving near our home in Amherst County, VA;2011-10-22 19:10:00;5 minutes;pink spheres hovering and moving near our home in Amherst County, VA Last evening, October 22, 2011 around 7:10pm, in Amherst County, Virginia, my family was in the car coming home from dinner.  While heading east toward our home, I, my husband, & our three year old daughter, saw what appeared to be large pinkish lights in the sky.  At first, I saw three & thought it looked like what would be seen at the top of three towers, because they were stationary.  But, living here, I knew there were no towers in that direction.  Plus, the color was wrong & the lights were too large to be on a tower.  Then, as I asked my husband what the lights were doing just hanging in the sky, he said one of them was moving.  Sure enough, one was beginning to move toward the northerly direction.  Then, we saw more coming from the south, moving slowly.  At that point, I turned onto our street, heading south.  My daughter, very into looking at the moon & stars whenever we are out at night, asked, “What is that daddy?”   My husband told her he didn’t k! now.  Coming down our street, we saw three or four more coming from behind the tree line down our street.  One at a time, they came in a northwesterly direction & we pulled off of the street into someone’s front yard so my husband could get out & watch them as they went behind us.  Other cars were driving by in both directions.  We’re not sure if they saw them too, but no one else stopped. I could have probably blown it off, but my husband has a military background, specifically Air Force, and he was unable to tell me what he thought they could be.  I knew they weren’t fireworks, or airplanes.  I’ve never seen anything with pink lights hovering or flying in the sky, especially lights that large.  They made no noise that we could hear, like if you heard a helicopter or airplane fly over.  They did not act like Chinese lanterns, which could be sent out into the sky, for traditional celebrations.  I talked my husband into getting back in the car, so we could drive another half a mile to our house.  We all got out, but didn’t see anything else.  Apparently, they had all passed over by the time my husband got back in the car to come home. I checked the website for the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration to see what the surface winds were, according to the Lynchburg Regional Airport, & it said calm.  We didn’t feel any winds when we all exited the car in our driveway either.  Once home, I asked my daughter what she had seen.  “Pink lights”, she said.  I asked her what they had been doing & she replied, “Floating in the sky.”;37.4532;-79.1091
