Three spherical orange objects in cluster at treeline then moving farther away and erratically moving while viewing over Lake Marion.;2017-10-19 20:15:00;3 hours;Three spherical orange objects in cluster at treeline then moving farther away and erratically moving while viewing over Lake Marion. We live on Lake Marion in the city of Cross, South Carolina. While sitting in a glass sunroom approximately 15 x 30 surrounded by glass viewing the water and a small island in front of us as I looked over my friends head noticed 3 glowing orange lights at approximately  8:15 p.m. just above the tree line. I then asked her to look at which time we both stepped to the glass pain opened the window and witnessed the following together.  Three (3) soft glowing orange lights appeared over the tree line of the island.  Trees are approximately 30-40 foot tall.  The lights were pulsating between each other.  They were close enough to reflect light off of the water below and within 100 ft of where we were standing in the room.  The episode was completely silent. This position lasted approximately five (5) minutes with them taking turns ascending and descending while hovering at the tree line.  Then all three of them lined up in unison ascended across the tree line and quickly shot into the sky at a 9 o'clock 12 o'clock and 3 o'clock direction.  They ascended high enough to appear like airplanes and shot back and forth in a chaotic flight pattern at which time joining with numerous other lights we saw that were also in an erratic flight pattern.  This continued for approximately a total of twenty (20) minutes. As of now we are still witnessing an orange flashing light in the distance  9:11 p.m. with a fast flashing light hovering and moving erratically. It is not getting higher, lower, or otherwise it is just jerking around in the sky.  At 9:31 p.m. still viewing one that continues to move in a somewhat circular motion then ascending and descending with an orange glow. To the best of our ability we did take videos as well as still images.  When the images are zoomed it the object appears to be square in some of the images.  In the videos it appears as a light source clearing moving erratically.  We continue to witness the last object as of 10:54 p.m. We live on the lake and view the night sky from our sunroom on a nightly basis.  This is the first time we have witnessed such a sighting.  We do have photos and videos on our cell phone whereas we increased the picture size and video to the largest format.  We will gladly submit upon request.;33.3397;-80.1868
