Around 9 pm in the town of Union, MO, on the night of June 23, 2015, there were two to three lights at various time.;2015-06-23 21:00:00;1 hour;Around 9 pm in the town of union missouri on the night of June 23 2015 there were two to three lights at various time.  My cousin first witnessed it, he called me and I also seen it.  He called his aunt and her friend they watched it, and so did several people according to their Facebook account.  My cousin has worked in military and is familiar with helicopters and other aircraft.   Neither me nor him heard any noise, nor did his aunt, but another witness said they heard  a noise such as an aircraft.  We as well as other saw 2 to 3 different lights hovering, blinking off and on.  Sometimes pulsing off and on.  Sometimes solid colors and sometimes changing colors, mostly white lights, but also red, blue, and other colors.  I believe a witness or two call the union police depth and some other organization, not for sure if local airport, etc., and said there were no planes or helicopters reported in area.  One of the lights would be the brightest, brighter  than any aircraft or planet,  I did not witness any other days, but on June 24 the next night 2 lights were back.    I also saw about a week before that the St Louis news channel called fox2now.Com had a reports from many witnesses of strange lights around the union and at Louis area a week before all of this.  On other occassions, I have seen lights before that hover over the past few years.  I have memories from my child hood from ages as early as 5 to 12 years old of missing time and also sleep walking multiple times,  I grew up in my grandparents home, and my sleep walking going getting out if bed and going outside got so bad, sometimes they would stay up to watch me and also add extra locks on doors so it would cause it to be harder for me to get outside.  And I also remember stories that my grandmother told about seeing a strange light and entity while her, my grandpa v and their kids were in the car.  And in the late 1980s there was a documented report that my grandpa's broth! er my great uncle had a crop circle on his farm, he told pepol! e he had seen a craft and also an entity and talked to them, but alot of people on our town made fun of him and he never spoke of it again, my grand parents are no longer living, but my great uncle is.  I just know for years I've seen things I can't explain and with my sleep walking and missing time I would like to find out what has went on for all my life.  When I was a child, I would sometimes have bruises or marks on my chest arms and legs that could not explain, a few in my adult life. I've done research over the years and heard about hypnosis.  If a person could put me in contact with someone who done that I would be willing to do that if I could possibility find out answers to make sure I'm haven't lOSS my mind or dreamed things up.  I know this a lot of information over my life, but once I started reporting the recent sighting I thought I never say or report anything. I thought I would get all this off my chest. Thanks for letting me ramble.;38.4478470588236;-91.0214852941176
