I Watched for 3 hours, a bright light scoping out of a  cigar shape, as though searching or surverying.;2005-08-12 01:00:00;3 1/2 Hrs;I Watched for 3 hours, a bright light scoping out of a  cigar shape, as though searching or surverying. I have worked in the dental field for 18 years as office manager. My husband is a general contractor/mostly new homes. I currently work at home doing his bookkeeping etc. We are both 40 years old. I went out to my deck shortly afer midnight to watch a meteor-shower which had been predicted by our local news weather man. I was interested because he said as many 60 per hr. could be viewed. As I watched I would also see an occasional plane go by, at usual speed,with flashing lights, etc. But then,around 1:00 a white light came flying by which I noticed was going much faster than a plane.  I thought it must be a faster military craft or something that I'm not familiar with.  It continued to fly up into the sky and I noticed it seemed to slow down,and hover, but I thought, No, that would be weired.  It then stopped and looked like it blended into the sky as one of the stars.  I continued to watch it since I had just seen it fly by, I knew it wasn't a star. For the next 3 hours I watched it as the bright,white, light would move in random directions.  It was similar to a search light, but it would move suddently to the left, or right, or up or down, diagnal, and even zig-zag at times. It also seemed to bounce around. I was very intrigued at first but became frightened. My husband was asleep on the couch and I was reluctant to tell him, thinking he would not believe me if he did not see it move,(since it looked like a star). I woke him after watching it about an hour and being certain that this was nothing I could identify.  He came to the window and watched it until he too saw it moving in random directions. We agreed that we didn't know what it was, & that I would look into it in the morning to see if there was some explanation. I continued to watch it through my window until a little after 4:00 a.m. I was afraid to go back outside.  It continued to do the same things but it came in closer at one point, as I focused on the movement of the light I could then see that it was not just a light, it was attached to something much larger. It was shaped like a tubular light bulb and the light was on the end of it. There was a dim light on the other end. What was happening, was that the bright light part would scope out from the larger part and sort of look around in all directions as though it was searching or surveying. Then it would scope back in. (coming out to the left and back in, to the right).  The light would become brighter as it moved around then dimmer when it was stationary. I could clearly see that the bouncing would happen when it moved a certains ways, then stopped. It reminded me of the way a turtle's head moves around. I don't know what it was, or what it was doing, but I'll never forget it, and would love to know. I will never look at a star the same way again.;38.4478470588236;-91.0214852941176
