Franklin County, Union, Missouri at Hwy 50 and Prairie Dell Rd, WalMart;2000-09-01 18:00:00;2-3 minutes;Franklin County, Union, Missouri at Hwy 50 and Prairie Dell Rd, WalMart My dates are not exact, I apologize for that, but I can narrow it down to a 3 year window when my oldest daughter was 12-15 years old, she will be 23 this year. This sighting occured between approximately 6-7 pm, in broad daylight, as I was stopped at the stoplight on Hwy 50 (in front of Wal Mart and across the Hwy from East Central College), several cars in front of me, several behind me. I was Eastbound headed toward I-44, and while stopped at the light, I noticed the cars stopped Westbound, looking at something to my left. I looked to my left, I remember having to turn my head quite far - practically over my left shoulder, and hovering approximately 20 ft over the trees was a massive object. The exact location at the time had a large barn and silo on it, but is now a strip mall of shops - directly west (to the left if you are facing the front of it) of wal mart. The object appeared to be 20+ feet high, 50 to 60 feet wide, and it was matte mettalic looking, grey/silver in color. Solid in appearance, with no distinguishable lights or windows. The object appeared to be motionless, and made no audible sound that we could hear. The best way to give a visual is this: Take a stainless steel dogs food/water bowl, and turn it upside down. This hovering object was wider at the top, slightly narrower at the bottom. As I recall, it took several seconds for my brain to process what I was seeing, as it wasn't necessarily scary looking, it was more of a what the ****? reaction, more alarmed than frightened. I turned to look at my daughter in the front passenger seat - she was leaning forward and towards me, looking out my driver side window at the object, with her mouth hanging open. I remember saying you see it too?, to which she replied with a nod of her head indicating Yes. I had the presence of mind to glance around at the other vehicles, the traffic light had turned green and no one moved, we were all looking at the object. I looked back at the object and stared at it for what seemed like maybe 1 minute more, and I promise as God is my witness, it disappeared.  My daughter's interpretation of it is the same. One second it was there, and the next, gone. No dramatic flight at high speed was witnessed, just the analogy that it seemed to vanish in the blink of an eye. The craziest thing of all, looking back on it now, is that there had to be at least 6 cars that I noticed, whose occupants were looking at the same thing we were, and none of us acknowledged to each other what we had just seen. I checked the local newspapers for months after the incident, hoping for some validation, but could find none. My husband said that if I wouldn't report it out of fear of being labeled a psycho-nutcase, what made me think anyone else would report it? He had a point. Anyway, I plan on checking back here from time to time, to see if anyone else comes forward. I would like to point out that I see that there IS another report on here that sounds like a family saw the same type of object in almost the exact location, except their experience occured in 2004. I held my breath when I saw Union and Wal Mart! I hope more people google their experience, as I just did, and find this site. After all of these years, reading about the other Union Wal Mart sighting report gives me the validation that I have been searching for, for many years. THANK YOU!! Is it possible to put us in touch with each other via our contact information we provide to NUFORC?  Sighting specs: lat 38°25'59.69N. long 90°58'28.65W  Object distance from vehicle approximately 140 yards ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.4478470588236;-91.0214852941176
