Looking out at the night sky I caught out of my peripheral vision a streaking pastel green shooting star.;1988-10-15 22:45:00;5 Min;Looking out at the night sky I caught out of my peripheral vision a streaking pastel green shooting star. My best friend and myself were walking home from the movie theater back to my house, which was about two blocks away. We always used to cut behind the old Kmart that went out of business to get home, when my buddy says to wait up that he needs to stop and tie his shoe.  So we stopped and he went over to the loading ramp and started to tie his shoes and I just stared up at the night sky looking northward I could see the local TV stations antenna tower.  Still looking out that way I caught out of my peripheral vision a streaking pastel green shooting star.  But as I focused in I could make out an out line it was football shaped and the object pulsed red, green, and blue (all pastel in color) up and down the length of the object in controlled rhythm.  The object was traveling west to east as I yell over to my best friend to look up. We were only able to see it for a few moments as it was traveling at an awesome rate of speed, as it dipped below the trees and house line.  We were dumbfounded by what we saw. I went home and immediately drew a picture of what I saw.  But that was not the end of my story.  I went to school the next day to my electrical trades class and low and behold the was my teacher drawing on the white board the exact object I had seen the night before.  But not only was there the same drawing I had but in a story board fashion there were other drawings of it hovering with the same pulsing red, blue and green pastel lights, but another one next to it that included a star shaped little ball.  I showed my teacher my picture and we talked about what each of us had seen.  He saw everything I saw but from his house he could see the object level off hover for a bit, then spit out the object that looked like a floating star.  He then went on to say the floating ball moved around the other object then he said it kinda exploded into about 20 to 30 tiny objects that speed off into as many directions.   Then the main original object sped off at an even faster speed straight up into the night's sky.  I still have the picture I drew that night and that night is as fresh in my mind now as it was happening so many years ago.  I will never forget the pulsating pastel red, green, and blue football shaped object.  With the exception of us three till now I never thought anyone else had seen this object till read the gentleman from Odessa recount of what he had seen that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));32.278;-101.4534
bright lights stream across sky and leave a bright orange tail then slowly fade out.;2001-12-01 23:00:00;30 secs;bright lights stream across sky and leave a bright orange tail then slowly fade out. I Looked up and all I saw was A big light then it started shooting across the sky then alot of other lights that were smaller lit up and followed it the objects left a bright reddish orange glow to the tail end of the objects.  Then they raced across the sky for 20 to 30 seconds then disappeared. It couldn't of been meteores because the other little pieces that were there followed it all they way without falling other places and then it all slowly died out. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness is describing the re-entry event that occurred at approximately 2120 hrs. (Mountain) on Saturday, December 01, 2001.  Please see following URL for details:  <http://science.nasa.gov/headlines/y2001/ast03dec_1.htm?list49634>.  PD));32.278;-101.4534
