Bright metalic sphere rotating fast in a circular pattern.;2000-07-07 01:45:00;5 minutes;Bright metalic sphere rotating fast in a circular pattern. I went to my porch to have a cigar. I stepped out and gazed up as I usually do to observe stars. I was immediately drawn to a bright white light. It was a sphere of light that was pretty large. I would estimate brighter than several largest visible stars combined. It was traveling in a tight circle. It appeared the size of a small silver button at arms length. I could not tell if it was revolving clock wise or counter because of its speed.  It sort of wobbled as it moved but did not break this circular pattern. I stood and watched in disbelief.  It looked like what you would see if you took a bright flash light and moved your arm in a circle. But this moved super fast.. Then several minutes went by when it broke the revolving and it began to head upwards across the sky for greater altitudes. Its great height had caused it to be illuminated by the Sun. causing me to think it was of metallic craft. Around this point it was doing Mach speeds. The craft became dimmer and harder to see. As it race off vertical into outer space and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));39.4212055374592;-77.4079605863195
It was a clear crisp day and there was something white in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  No date indicated.  PD));2007-09-15 12:02:00;15 to 20 min;It was a clear crisp day and there was something white in the sky. I was coming in from walking my dog (around 12noon) and I saw something small and white in the sky, it was staying in the same place, that’s when I was thinking what it was. At first, it was wavy like it was not all there, as if it was materializing. I watched it for about 15min and it was somewhat fuzzy. I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, so I looked away and I did not see it anywhere else, so it had to be real. I always believed in UFOs, so I was so happy I was seeing one. I heard a noise behind me so I looked back it was just a squirrel. I looked back into the sky and it took me about 30 seconds to find it again. When I looked back up it was still blurry. About 2 min later, it looked solid, it was a perfect circle, and it was still white. I watched it for a while then my dog pulled me and I lost it in the sky. I searched the whole sky for along time, but I could not find it. I went back inside and told my mom about it. I have not seen it again. For the whole sighting it stayed in the same place. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  No date indicated.  PD));39.4212055374592;-77.4079605863195
I saw a Golden Sphere hovering a couple miles out, possibly over Camp David.  ((NUFORC Note:  Weather balloon??  PD));2011-10-06 17:45:00;20-25 minutes;I saw a Golden Sphere hovering a couple miles out, possibly over Camp David I had been out all day from 3 pm to around 5:30 pm taking pictures for my Digital Photography Class.  I had been out with another one of my classmates by her house.  The light was great, the sky was completely clear.  I hadn't seen a cloud in days.  After a while my dog looked really tired so I decided to go inside. I left the field that we were in to walk down the hill to get to my house (the whole neighborhood is on a giant hill) and as I turned the corner I went to take a picture that would show the Rule of Thirds (you could see a couple miles out down by the Golden Mile) and I noticed a weird sphere to the left of the water tower right before I took the picture.  I zoomed in and saw that it was a yellow, almost golden sphere.  I snapped 10 good photos of the object before I had to hurry in because my sister was cooking dinner and had gotten in over her head and needed my help A.S.A.P. After I got in and helped her, I sat down and uploaded the pictures onto my computer.  I was amazed because there were some lines to the bottom left of the sphere that I hadn't seen when I was looking at it in person. They appear to maybe even be a series of small spheres floating a little ways from the craft.  So close they look like a line. The entire time I made my way down the hill I could see it. Sitting in the exact same spot. I would really like to know if anyone else in the area saw it. I can't really think of what it could have been. Some may say it was a planet, but if you could see a planet that well with the naked eye, then I would be scared that it was that close. It was approximately North/North East.  And appeared like it may even have been over Camp David. Oh, and another thing is, I saw an unusual number of planes in the sky at the time, they weren't really near it, but there were more than usual. (Just a side note that you can delete before posting this, I would like to be contacted by an investigator, but I would prefer to be contacted through email as I do not always have access to my phone because of school, work, etc.) ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the series of photos, and the object appears consistent with a helium-filled weather balloon.  However, the payload appears to be oriented horizontally, as opposed to vertically, which leaves us confused.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) I am really sorry to bother you, but as I was reading over my UFO Report I realized that I posted the wrong date. It was 10-06-11 not 8-6-11 I was wondering if you could update this information to make my report as accurate as possible. Sorry for the inconvenience. ((END ADDENDUM));39.4212055374592;-77.4079605863195
