Strange lights in the sky twice in 20 hours.;2015-04-12 00:30:00;3 seconds;Strange lights in the sky twice in 20 hours. I debated on whether or not to mention this, but at this point it is a must.  I will actually recount 2 occurrences within 72 hours.  Both occurring in Emeryville CA. 1st, Friday April 10th at around 6pm.  I saw a strange sphere resting toward the edge of a cloud.  It was perfect in circumference and appeared to be whitish with a faint hue of blue around certain parts of its edges most likely due to reflection of the bright sun that was out.  It was sitting perfectly stagnant.  It caused me to lose focus on my driving and almost hit the driver in front of me at the stop sign at Peralta and Mandela Parkway on the Emeryville/West Oakland border.  After slamming on my breaks I got out of my car.  The man in the car I almost hit must've noticed me noticing it, and noticed it then himself.  He also chose to get out of his car.  I asked if he was seeing what I was seeing and replied simply yes. Wow. This man was in his 30s and more than likely middle eastern but I did not confirm this with him.  I then asked him who in the world will believe us?  He smirked and simply replied no one and re-entered his car to drive off.  When I began walking toward his car to ask his name, he began to leave.  Having a broken cell phone I didn't have an operable camera to use nor did I think of it at the time because I was too busy being perplexed.  Fast forward around 19 hours and that brings us to this report.  I thought long and hard before reporting but this time was very uncomfortable.  I was driving home from work in Berkeley, CA, and was driving down the 580 toward west Oakland when I glanced out of the driver's side window to the left looking at Emeryville as I was passing it up when a bright light, white in the center much like it was burning that gradually faded into a green aura surrounding it. A green essence if you will. Imagine the ozone around the Earth (without the holes), then turn that sky fil! led area between the Earth itself and the ozone layer a radian! t green and that's what this was. A layer of green around a brilliant white. What was bothersome to me is it ENTERED our atmosphere and shot toward the ground. It left a green trail in its wake like you'd imagine something burning toward us would.  As soon as it reached near ground level it disappeared into the topography of the city.  Like it would've landed in the upper Berkeley hills area.  Which is not far. 10 miles. 15 maybe.  Normally I wouldn't take the time to report something like this. But that is 2 strange occurrences over the short time of Friday April 10 to Sunday April 12.  And that's too frequent not to raise concerns. Believe it, don't believe it, doesn't matter.  I'm sane, sober, rational and know what I have seen lately is not familiar and unsettling and I've now done my part by telling you.  Something is going on, alien, government, I couldn't discern if I wanted to.  Something is going on, I know that for certain.;37.8369327868853;-122.277526229508
