there were rapid flashing lights alternating from the left side of the craft to the right side whille being staionery.;2008-12-01 22:15:00;one hour;there were rapid flashing lights alternating from the left side of the craft to the right side whille being staionery. I noticed the object because I saw what appeared to be a vertical shaped line with 2 lights moving across the night sky very slowly. It was something I had never seen and was very odd looking.  I saw it out of an upstairs bedroom window. The object stopped moving and appeared to be an oval shaped pale blue light through the clouds. I then ran down the stairs to my front yard and noticed that it remained still, with a coloring like the moon through thin clouds, it was a little cloudy that night.I then returned into my, went back to my bederoom window with binoculars to watch the still unmoving object.  I noticed that it had a lot of lights flashing in different colors it now appeared to be more disked or saucer shaped with lots of lights.  I saw a plane pass right in front of it from my view.  The object  was very large and i'm sure it was at a much higher altitude than the plane.  I called my daughter on the phone and told her about the sighting.  My daughter lives a short distance away, about a couple of miles from me.  She looked out of an upstairs patio, and was able to see it along with her husband.  As i continued watching, it began to slowly move toward the north west,then stopped.  There were at least 6 rows of about 10 red lights flashing alternating from the left side of the craft to the right side of the craft very rapidly for abou 5 minutes.The flashing red lights gave way to rows of pale green lights in the center of the craft for about 2 minutes. The ofject then reverted to a pale blue and slowly moved toward the north west.It was not a plane, blimp or helicopter, it no sound. This is the first time I've ever seen something that I could not find an explanation for.I am a registerd nurse, I do not have a back ground in physics, science or astronomy. I know that what i saw was very unusual,i described it just as i saw it.;29.5768516129032;-95.5350451612908
