My Boy Scout Troop saw cigar-shaped object in thunderstorm over desert near Marfa, Texas.;2009-06-27 16:00:00;10 minutes;My Boy Scout Troop saw cigar-shaped object in thunderstorm over desert near Marfa, Texas. I recently contact other members of our Boy Scout troop to see if any of them remembered this instance, and at least three of them did in great detail, one in even better detail than me.   In the Summer of 2009, we were camping at Buffalo Trails Scout Ranch near Balmorea, Texas.  It was most of our Boy Scout troop, probably around twenty boys in all, camping there.  Our Troop was accompanied to camp that summer by three of our Scoutmasters, NAME 1, NAME 2, and NAME 3.  Now on one of the days there wasn’t much going on at camp, Scoutmaster NAME 3 had planned a long hike through the desert, and had selected about six of the oldest and best-ranked scouts to accompany him.  He checked us all out of camp and we headed south along a pre-planned route of hiking trails up Mount Livermore. We drove to the base of Mount Livermore and parked our van at the last shred of road before shouldering our hiking gear and starting what was supposed to be a twelve-hour hike up the mountain.  The hike went pretty much as planned, though our progress was slowed by the rain, and by the time we reached a suitable spot for dinner, a cliffside overlook out into the valley below with the city of Fort Davis twinkling below us, the rain had paused but not yet left us.  As we sat eating, watching the lightning flit about the stormfront in the valley below us, NAME 3 broke out his binoculars for a closer look, as did my friend NAME 4 and a few other Scouts. Suddenly, a cry goes out from NAME 4. “What is that?!?” he asks.  We all start paying attention, and several of us note a craft, lit clearly and gleaming silver from the setting sun, playing about in the stormclouds.  It seemed to move with precision, darting back and forth, up and down, as we watched it move about the stormclouds for about ten minutes, then it darted straight for us and flew more-or-less directly overhead. There was no apparent engine sound, it sounded like a lightning-crack as it passed overhead, and it moved too fast for us to get much of a view, but there were no blinking lights, no wings, no obvious engine nor windows.  We all agreed it was the strangest thing ever seen. During the encounter, I had an old hand-held digital video camera on my person, and I did my best to film some of the encounter, but nothing can be seen because of the great distance involved (by most of our estimates it was between two and five miles away), and I put the camera away shortly thereafter.  It’s hard to tell the size of something rapidly flying directly above you, but I’d estimate its size to be roughly half that of a 747, meaning that it should’ve had a radar signal. Also interesting to note that this was about twenty miles northwest of Marfa, Texas, a town that is well-known for UFO phenomena. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));30.6131;-103.9364
Cigar shape hovering over the desert during drive from Davis Mountains back to Marfa.;2019-11-16 16:00:00;15 min;Cigar shape hovering over the desert during drive from Davis Mountains back to Marfa. It was a group of 4, including myself, driving back from the Davis Mountains in Fort Davis. We were driving back to Marfa and had the encounter during the stretch between Fort Davis and Marfa. Between this stretch there is the desert and the mountains in the back we noticed the unidentified figure hovering over the desert and initially assumed it was a plane.  I was the one who noticed that it was in the same spot and didn’t seem to be moving. It initially looked like a dot in the sky (almost like a really dark and tiny cloud) and I asked everyone in the car if they could see the same thing. All of us agreed we saw it and then continued our conversation in the car. I looked again and this time it looked more circular and in the same spot, again, I asked and everyone saw the same figure. It then took on a cigar like shape and just hovered the whole duration of our drive and we all kept looking over to it at this point as it was still in the same spot (a bit closer now) and just seemed to linger over the desert. During this time we lost all reception and one of my friend’s phone said “something mysterious stopped Maps from searching this area” with a photo of a UFO. We also noticed two small planes that were flying overhead that looked like they were chasing each other, but were closer than usual.  When we returned to our campsite we couldn’t stop talking about what we saw and are still baffled by what we saw over the desert. We also noticed a slight change to how we felt (headache, eery feeling, paranoia).;30.6131;-103.9364
