Multiple sightings of an egg-shaped craft.;1993-02-09 02:00:00;45 seconds;Multiple sightings of an egg-shaped craft. ((NUFORC Note:  We will invite the source of the report to submit separate reports, so that they sort by the date of occurrence.  PD)) Hi!  My name is ((name deleted)).  I Prefer people know my first name.  My UFO encounter consists not of one but 5 different encounters which I believe to be of the same or similar type craft.  I would like to share my story if I would be allowed. My first encounter was when I was 4 years old in Lake Stevens, Washington, in the year 1993. I do not remember the encounter but my mom does.  She, myself, my brother and grandma all witnessed a UFO that night around 10:00 pm at our house.  I was in the living room.  My mom said she looked out of the kitchen window because she noticed a bright light and she said it looked like two car headlights coming towards her, except in the sky above the treeline.  All of a sudden the house filled with blinding white light which lasted for a few seconds.  The power to the house flickered just before the light came.  She stepped onto the porch and she said she saw 1 bright ball of light roughly 200-250 feet in the air above our house.  According to her the size of the craft was at least 3 times the size of our house. It hovered motionless for about 10 seconds before taking off in the blink of an eye in a zigzag pattern.  North to south over the treeline.  It took but a second before it was gone.  The UFO did not make a sound at all. I feel I must add that I had nightmares of 4-5 foot grey beings with big almond shaped eyes when I was around 3 or 4 years old doing things to me like operating or performing surgery on me. Long before I even knew what aliens were or what they looked like. My second encounter that I had I was living in the same house and I was 6 years old. Around the same time as last time if my memory is correct, the house again filled with a brilliant blinding light which lasted  about 5 seconds.  I remember the light did not hurt my eyes but made visibility very bad.  I could however see my window next to my front door just fine and I ran towards the window to see what was up there and I saw a bright white oval or egg shaped craft just above my house at again around 200 feet in the air.  I would say the craft was at least twice the size of our house.  I wouldn't say the UFO was massive but was quite large in size.  I stepped onto my porch only to see it take off in a zigzag pattern at thousands of miles an hour or so it seemed. It was gone in the blink of an eye. A small detail I can add to that is that it seemed like it disappeared and reappeared about a 100 feet away every time and stopped for just a moment before taking off again. The event! occurred over the span of roughly 35-40 seconds.  Again, the event was soon followed by strange dreams of grey beings however being so young I didn't understand that they were not normal dreams. Still to this day I can remember every dream I had of those beings like it was yesterday.  They may be just dreams.  That's all I can say about them but strange quin-cadences nonetheless. My third encounter I will briefly explain because it is almost exactly the same as the previous two. I was living in the same house.  I was 7 years old in 1996. my house filled with light which lasted a few moments.  I stepped onto the porch immediately already knowing what it was.  I however did notice that the craft wasn't as bright as before and I noticed it was made out of a shiny, reflective metal.  It took off in a zigzag again and it was gone.  The power also flickered again just before the light struck like the previous two times and the UFO did not make a peep.  Me, my mom and grandma all saw it. The fourth encounter was again in lake Stevens. I was 11 or 12. I can't remember however It was not at my house.  I was in the back seat of my moms Volvo. We were traveling on a trestle going from the city of Everett to Lake Stevens, Washington.  It's basically a long free way bridge.  We were near the end of the trestle coming to a large hill going into lake Stevens.  I Noticed to our left a large glowing ball of light traveling slowly towards us.  When I noticed it it was about 500 feet or more out and about 300-400 feet off the ground or more. All of a sudden it was upon us. Just a 100 feet or less above our car. It was matching our speed which was 50 miles an hour. It followed us for only a few seconds before it hit our car with a bright beam of light which filled our car with light but did not blind my mom who was driving. It did not hit any other cars near us with this light. At least not that I can remember.  My mom said WOW!, LOOK AT THAT DREW!. She actually pulled over. S! he asked me to grab the camera out of the back seat of the car but I struggled to get the case open for just a few moments before the craft which was still hovering over us distracted my attention and gave up and gave her the case. She never got the case open in time.  The craft actually started descending on us slowly as we were parked.  The craft hovered over our car for about 10 seconds before taking off to the right of us in a mind-boggling speed in a zig-zag pattern.  It traveled in that direction for about 2 seconds and got almost a mile away from us before shooting straight up into space.  It again didn't make a sound.  People had also parked on the side of the trestle next to us.  I didn't notice if anyone was  videotaping it but I remember my mom said for a moment she thought the craft was gonna land on us it got so close and one of the other onlookers had mentioned the same thing. The craft was egg-shaped except was a little more elongated than an egg. It was clearly ma! de out of a very reflective metal and when the craft was hover! ing abov e us the light seemed to dim but I could tell that the light was emanating from inside the craft. We could have probably fit 10  Volvo's in the craft and still had room to spare. I did not have any strange dreams before or after that event. My 5th encounter is the most profound thing that has ever happened to me, even still to this day. I was living in Oregon at the time. I was 15 years of age. I was living with my mom, brother and sister and my moms boyfriend at the time. The house resided on a large steep hill about 15 minutes out of town. The driveway up the hill took about 3 minutes to drive up. The house was primarily surrounded by thick forest. It was around 2:00 A.M. I was sitting on my couch in my living room playing halo 2 on my x box 360 alone. My mom was in her room on her PC and her boyfriend was up late working downstairs in the basement. All of a sudden my x box and TV shut off. The power remained going to the rest of my house. It was just my x box and TV that shut off. For a moment I was confused and angry but for just a moment because immediately after that I noticed a bright light through my window to my left just above my couch. I then peeled the curtain back and saw a bright ball of light just outside my window. It didn't immediately click in my head what it was but just a moment after I peeled the curtain back the house filled with a brilliant white light. The light this time was so bright that I could not see my hands when I held them in front of my face. The light lasted for about 15 seconds. As soon as I saw the craft I screamed out”MOM THE UFO IS BACK” and started running to her room and then the light hit the house. I froze. I could not see anything but light. I yelled out”MOM,The house is filled with light! “Can u see” I asked and she said no. I then realized that the windows were still visible! . Everything in the house was white except my windows. So I walked towards the window and as soon as I got to the window and peeked through it the light stopped, so I stepped out onto my back patio. What I then saw after that I will never forget. What I saw was a glowing metal craft. It was again the same shape as before. Light was strobing through the craft in all colors of the spectrum. Like what oil would look like with sunlight reflecting off of it. It appeared almost as if the light was some sort of force-field around it. The craft remained metal in appearance however the light pulsing through it was also notable. The craft was easily 3 times the size of our house or at least it appeared to be fairly large.  About half the length of a football field or so. It just hovered there above our back patio for about 20 or so seconds. My moms boyfriend had stepped out onto the patio with us for a moment before he ran back inside to get the camera. My mom had turned her head for just a moment to yell out” hurry up or your going to miss out”. During that time I my eyes remained fixed on the object. As the craft hovered there, I witnessed a window open up. A part of the craft had become completely transparent. The “window” quickly moved from the right side of the craft to the left before the window went away and the craft became solid again. What I saw during that short period of time, or what I thought I saw were a dozen or more white or grey skinned beings with arms all held out like they were holding hands and were all looking right at us. The craft then flew up 50 or so feet slowly and then took off at light speed and I'll explain why I use the term “light speed”. The craft traveled in a zig zag pattern like before. Except this time when it moved, it left images of itself behind following all the way back to its original position. I'll try my best to explain this. The craft would disappear and then immediately reappear a few hundred or so feet away leaving behind hundreds of translucent mirror images of itself. and when it reappeared the craft would then catch up with itself. Like the main bad guy from the movie,chronicles of riddick. How the guy could seemingly jump out of his body,travel a little ways and then his body would then catch up with his ...soul or whatever. My apologies for the bad analogy but I find it very hard to describe what I saw. I've never seen anything like it in my life nor have I heard of anything like that before.  What I saw that craft do didn't just defy physics, it defied reality.! The craft seemed to move almost as if the light couldn't keep up with it. In my opinion anyways. My moms boyfriend made it out with the camera but by time he got the camera turned on the craft was already gone. The light the UFO emitted into the house filled every room in our 3 story house. The door to my moms room was closed and her window drapes were down and yet her room became filled with the light too. My moms boyfriend that was working in the basement at the time had no possible means of light to get in there. Basement stairs were shut, there were no windows and the only light that should have been in the basement should have been from his lamp however the basement too became filled with this bright light. Don't ask me how but that's what he said to me. Also another detail to add to this strange event is my x box. I was playing my game before this event took place and my TV and x box shut off on me. Well, when I got back into the living room I noticed my box and TV were on and not only that but my progress had remained in the game. I even died and re-spawned somehow during the x box being” turned off”. I find it funny though because in halo, you play as a space marine guy who kills aliens.  Maybe it wasn't a game they found amusing.  I don't know.   Before I end this story I must add that a few weeks after that event I had a very weird dream. Several actually but one  in particular  worth noting(in my opinion). In my dream I woke up and walked into my living room. My living room was pitch black however a bright light was shining through the windows behind me. And in the corner of my living room the light had shined on something. I stepped a little closer to see what it was and it moved slowly into the light. It was a 4 to ! 5 foot being with a elongated skull and big almond-shaped eyes. It was wearing a silver or metallic-looking suit that was skin tight. It had one blue stripe running down its right arm and a white line around its waist almost like a belt or a seal you would see on a spacesuit except thin like a string. It also had a blue patch on the middle of its chest with a weird symbol on it. I distinctly remember having an overwhelming feeling rush over me. The emotion was love. I felt like a heart-warming sensation come over me and I suddenly got the feeling like this being was very happy or it was very happy to see me. No fear came over me. Just an overwhelming feeling that I remember to this day. It also felt like this being was very fond of me. It just looked at me for a few moments and then I don't remember the rest of the dream and I woke up with my pants soaked. Not sure why. Maybe I sweat in my sleep. I don't know. I'm not claiming I was abducted by aliens. I'm just noting strange quin-cadences. I have researched UFO's and witness testimony's and anything UFO related honestly and I have yet to hear of any case quite like mine. I'm posting this to you all in hopes that someone else will read this and post they're story like mine. Perhaps I'm not the only one with these specific kinds of experiences. I know I'm supposed to only submit one UFO sighting at a time but I didn't have a sighting to report, I had a story to tell. my apologies for the lack of visual evidence. I carry my camera on me at all times at the ready now, just in case.;48.0132;-122.0679
Object vanished behind a tree.;2005-04-07 13:30:00;30;Object vanished behind a tree. I seen the chrome looking object slowly moving across the the sky along the tree line.  As it was coming closer I could see a heatwave coming off the back of it.  It started going behind a tree but never appeared from the other side.   The object was maybe the size of a small plans.  It made no sound or made no fast movements it just vanished as soon as it appeared.   Very soon after it was gone I seen a complete black helicopter fly past the area I seen the object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.0132;-122.0679
