RED LIGHT HOVERING LAKE STEVENS  AREA MADE NO SOUND;1995-12-31 21:00:00;15 seconds;RED LIGHT HOVERING LAKE STEVENS  AREA MADE NO SOUND It was on New Years eve I was home listening to my scanner, Sno-county or local police had a report of someone shooting a flare gun off,in the Granite Falls area,maybe Darrington   I can't remember.  I was looking for something to do,   So I decided  to head east on HYW 92 and when I got to HWY 92 and 44th ave Ne I saw a red ball of lights hovering  at tree top  level.  I went about a mile past the spot and turned around   it was gone  I thought it might have been a flare but I did not see anything smoldering, when I came back I thought it might have been a aircraft,since we have a airfield close by but  there was no noise and it was hovering,and I do know what airplanes look like.    The WX was kind of overcast no rain, I did do some research and  this red ball of light has been seen before in the area.    Granite Falls is about 8 miles to the  East of Lake Stevens, and Darrington is 50 miles to the East of  Granite Falls  and 44th Ave NE is about 3 miles from Lake Stevens;48.0132;-122.0679
Fireball/meteor flying below clowd cover East to West;1999-01-14 22:20:00;2sec;Fireball/meteor flying below clowd cover East to West I was on my way to work, waiting for the traffic signal change at the intersection of Hwy. 9 & Hwy. 92, facing west.  I saw a green ball of light similar to meteors I have witnessed in the military, however unlike the meteor I saw(which was large & had a tail), this ball was low at about 9,000 feet, guessing by the high cloud cover. It was well below the clouds.  It flew due West from the East.  It was a clear bright ball flying faster than any aircraft I know of, but not as fast as a shooting star.   It didn’t have a tail or anything trailing it. >From my viewpoint it was the size of a streetlight, as compared in contrast of a full moon. This ball was perfectly round and very bright green.  It didn’t make any turns before going out of view, it could have been a meteor but I seriously can’t believe it was.  It is also hard for me to believe it is something alien, but I would like to know what it is other than it’s just another meteor.;48.0132;-122.0679
Glowing Orange Sphere Shaped  Object  like a Flying Fireball in our 3 acre yard.Going left to right then over treeline;2012-07-25 22:30:00;3-4 minutes;Glowing Orange Sphere Shaped  Object  like a Flying Fireball in our 3 acre yard.Going left to right then over treeline Glowing Orange Sphere Shaped Object Hovered Over My Pasture For About 3 to 4 Mintues it Was Like a Fireball Flying Around 100 Feet. or So I got My Wife who was Sleeping with my 2 year old  i dragged her out of bed as fast as i could and she saw it for about 30 seconds then it went over the treeline right to the next street  been trying to finbd out who else has seen this it was the crazest thing ive ever seen;48.0132;-122.0679
Bright star  orange /fireball that was dropping several smaller fireball objects from its center.;2017-09-16 22:00:00;5 minutes;bright star  orange /fireball that was dropping several smaller fireball  objects from its center. On Saturday night, Sept 16, 2017, I had stepped out onto my deck to look at the clear night, and was facing North West through the trees.  I saw a bright orange star that was different, and I watched it to see if it was an airplane or possibly a satellite.  As I watched it, I noticed a smaller ball of light drop out of the orb or what ever it was.  It was like a ball of fire dropped straight out of the mother craft and went to the ground.  I half expected an explosion, but heard and saw nothing.   Then it dropped another ball of  fire, which also seemed to drop straight down for a while.  It seems it may have veered to the left before dropping out of sight.  Several seconds elapsed when it began to drop fire balls on a more rapid succession.  The larger orb/star/satellite/ began to move slowly towards the south into a more westerly direction and began to be obscured by trees.  I actually checked the news for reports of explosions or other witnesses, but haven't found any yet.  The idea that it was an airplane fighting fires is debunked, as there are no fires burning to the west, and it wasn't an airplane, as it stayed stationary for quite a while.  It wasn't fireworks, though it kind of reminded me of some upside down fireworks.  It was way too high to have been fireworks, and again, no sound was heard. I researched some other photos and it looks exactly like what some describe as an orange Orb, however, I haven't seen anyone else report it dropping smaller balls of fire from its center.  These smaller balls all went straight down towards the ground, but it seems some veered off as they got closer to the ground.  I didn't have a full horizon as there is a small hill in the direction I saw the object.;48.0132;-122.0679
