Craft with unusual sound flies over dark and fog shrouded Lake Stevens while being pursued by fast moving car.;1998-10-17 03:38:00;2 minutes;Craft with unusual sound flies over dark and fog shrouded Lake Stevens while being pursued by fast moving car. A craft flew over my house that had a sound like nothing I've ever heard before.  I'm guessing that it was within a 1000 feet because of the doppler effect that I'm used to from other craft fly by while approaching the airport.  I saw a car chasing it down the street like a bat out of hell.  The sound was traveling from east to west and the craft appeared to hover in a stationary manner over the lake for the better part of a minute and was was giving off an intense gold light that was dispersed by the fog above the water.  The engine sound was very smooth and almost sounded musical with just a hint of a regular pulse.  The tone could be likened to a number of square waves all tuned to different spectrums that would modulate independently of one another by just +/- 5 or 12 Hz.  The regular pulse was occuring at the rate of about 120 beats per second was was very faint.  This thing didn't have the slightest hint of a jet engine, prop or blade.  I live near an airport so I know the airplanes in the area.  This was not one of them.;48.0132;-122.0679
There are 5 objects appearing in the sky. The objects do not have a visible shape.  From our perspective, they are all within about a f;2003-09-27 04:00:00;hours;((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness may have been observing twinkling stars.  PD)) There are 5 objects appearing in the sky. The objects do not have a visible shape.  From our perspective, they are all within about a few miles from each other in the SE sky.  The brightest object appears in the SE sky closest to the horizon and cannot be made out with a novice's telescope or binoculars.  It is bright and is blinking the whole spectrum of light, almost like the sun is reflecting light off of something.  They are moving very slowly.  They appear to stay in the same place looking at them with the naked eye, but viewing through a telecope, the position has to be changed like a slow orbiting planet.  We have been viewing them for about an hour now.  Even thought they look like they are hovering over Renton or Tacoma, (Maybe even farther South & East), you can deduce that they are along ways away.  Is this some sort of a beacon or satellites that are reflecting light.  I see purple, red, blue, white, orange, etc.  The light is almost blinding looking at it from a telescope.  You cannot tell any kind of shape because the light is too bright.  It looks like a police car hovering in the sky at a great distance.;48.0132;-122.0679
Extremely bright light traveling west to east on erratic course.;2007-06-08 00:55:00;90 seconds (approx.);Extremely bright light traveling west to east on erratic course. 06-08-07  At approximately 12:55 AM on 06-08-07 I parked my car facing north weather was clear with some clouds on the distant north horizon.  As soon as I shut the door I noticed a bright light moving high in the western sky.  I initially dismissed it as a commercial airplane but the size and speed caught my attention.  It was moving faster than any satellite I have ever seen, and extremely bright.  Light was larger than a star and extremely bright at least a magnitude -4 or -5.  As I stood in the driveway it passed from west to east almost directly overhead.  I have not seen a commercial airplane cruise at such a speed, and it was most definitely not a satellite of any kind. Light was so bright I assumed for a moment it must be a small, quick plane with it’s landing lights on or a  helicopter, but as it passed overhead it began to zig and zag erratically, maintaining a fast course to the general east.  There were no sounds of prop or jet engines whatsoever.  It crossed from west to east in roughly 30-45 seconds, beginning to fade at around a minute and finally winking out high on the horizon.  There were no visible secondary beacons or green/red signals of any kind the entire time, not even as it passed to the east--just one single bright light on a shifting course.  Duration could not have been more than 90 seconds.  Did anyone else see this around 1:00 AM Friday? I cannot explain what that light was. I am of sound mind and have better than average vision. I work in the aerospace field, and this was not any aircraft I could identify. I was not swaying on my feet the light was definitely moving in an erratic manner. The magnitude remained constant until it began to pass lower into the eastern horizon. I could not make out any sort of structure at any time it was too bright. All I can liken it too would be a double-sized Jupiter traveling across the sky. At 1:06AM, I stepped back outside facing east. There were no aircraft I could see or hear, but within seconds a small burst of light caught my attention. I spotted a fast satellite moving south to north, flashing every few seconds. Before I could track that one for long I spotted another flashing satellite moving north to south. Both passed close to each other right overhead.  I have seen flashing satellites before, and are usually about magnitude +2 both of these were emitting far brighter flashes than that, I’ve never seen anything like it! It was almost more of a strobe. As soon as the first two passed each other I spotted a third, moving roughly SE to NW. All three seemed to be traveling fast for a satellites but I’m not an expert. Probably nothing, but I still found it interesting to spot three strange satellites barely 15 minutes after sighting such a strange light in the sky.  I also understand that some satellites will flash reflect light, but still.  The clouds drew over within another 20 minutes.  I stepped out twice to smoke before 2:25 AM, and incredibly each time in a break in the overcast, directly overhead, I spotted another brightly flashing satellite moving south to north, just like the others. Weird!;48.0132;-122.0679
UFO knocks out Comcast???;2008-09-29 01:45:00;10 minutes;UFO knocks out Comcast??? Was working at home alone on some computers, and noticed they started going haywire.  Noticed a dreadful feeling in my gut.  Felt like something bad was happening... and thought I saw some things move in the room.  That was enough to make me want to call my brother who was at a friend's house.  As I picked up the phone I found that my comcast phone was dead.  Used cell phone to call him.  He promptly headed over to my place.   Upon arriving he announced to me that he'd seen a UFO with bright lights on his way up the hill to my house... blue and red flying over the neighborhood.  He said it was the size of a boeing 777.  Called comcast when the phone line finally came back.  A computer voice at comcast said that they were aware of an outage and were working to repair the problem. Anyway, the craft was visible to him for a few seconds before it darted away at a very high rate of speed and vanished.;48.0132;-122.0679
Bright light travels across sky, dims, and flys into space.;2009-05-09 22:30:00;3 minutes;Bright light travels across sky, dims, and flys into space. My 3 friends and I were hanging out around our firepit around 10:30 at night. We noticed a bright light in the sky, brighter than a plane. We didn’t see if the light just appeared or was traveling across horizon, but when we noticed it was really bright, just above the tree line in our backyard. The object was traveling in a southward direction across the sky, faster than a plane, and the light was getting brighter then suddenly dimmed and got dimmer and dimmer and finally disappeared out in space. What ever it was, this thing definitely left our atmosphere and went into space. The whole thing lasted around 3 minutes.;48.0132;-122.0679
Red light flew up quickly,hovered,moved slowly north, then west;2012-01-01 00:11:00;5 minutes;red light flew up quickly,hovered,moved slowly north, then west Shorty after the New Year's Eve fireworks displays had stopped I was standing on my deck looking west toward the city of Everett, Washington, which is about 2 miles away from my location.  I saw a red light shoot up from the ground at high velocity but it did not look like fireworks and did not explode.  Once it reached about a thousand feet in altitude it stopped and began to sparkle with a white light and hover, moving slowly to the north.   Still glowing red with a white sparkle, the light grew larger and brighter, appearing to approaching me.  I began recording video of the object with my iPhone.  After a couple of minutes passed It became dimmer appearing to move west toward the horizon.  I watched for about 5 minutes until it completely disappeared from view.  It appeared to be over the Snohomish River valley for most of the sighting, which is between my location and downtown Everett, but as it got dimmer (moved farther away?)  it maintained a low altitu! de. My roommate was on the deck as well and also saw this red glowing object, but she did not see it rise up from the ground.  Sky was overcast but visibility was good. I watch the skies every night, spotting meteors, satellites, and all manner of aircraft.  This red light did not look or behave like anything i've seen before.  If it made a sound, it was too faint or far away to hear.;48.0132;-122.0679
Yellow/white light was next to a tree about half a mile away changed color to red and flew behind tree.;2019-08-28 21:10:00;6 seconds;Was fixing my car outside looked up and a yellow/white light was next to a tree about half a mile away changed color to red and flew behind the tree and disappeared.;48.0132;-122.0679
