round object in day time sky above clouds ~ 10,000 to 20,000 feeet hovering but moving very slowly East to West about the size of a BB;2007-08-24 17:30:00;~10 minutes;round object in day time sky above clouds ~ 10,000 to 20,000 feeet hovering but moving very slowly East to West about the size of a BB We were sitting on the back deck of a friends home that sits on the shore of lake Stevens looking due East. The sun was at out backs to the West. I was looking up at the sky and clouds to the South East. Their were high whispy clouds and probably left over vapor trails from passing jets. The object that caught my attention looked odd and not moving in a perceptable way. It was obvious the sun was bouncing off the object and the i would have to estimate the altitude to be between 10- 20 thousand feet but I cannot say for sure. The object seemed to be drifting East to West very slowly over the observation time. In fact the object was at time obscured by the clouds passing by as it was above the clouds. I used a small pair of binoculars to see it better and when I got it focused it took on a spherical shape about the size of a BB at arms length.  After observing the object wit the binoculars for ~ 45 seconds I looked away to address one of the other whitneses and when I looked up to see it again it was gone and no clouds were in the vicinity at that time just blue shy. We theorized that it was a silver mylar balloon but at that altitude we felt it would have been too small to see with the unaided eye. We then agreed that it may have been a weather balloon that had ascended high enough for us to loose site of it or if it was a baloon it may have popped? At any rate I have never seen anything like it before in the sky and I am 56 years old. Their were a couple small aircraft that passed in front of and below the object moving from reughly South to North and may have see it as well??;48.0132;-122.0679
Large orange amber sphere flying over Callow road in Lake Stevens, Washington. 9 witnesses.;2010-07-04 22:30:00;1 minute;Large orange amber sphere flying over Callow road in Lake Stevens Washington. 9 witnesses. A 12 year old girl taps me on the shoulder and asks, What is that? as she points up. I look and see a large orange ball of light.  Then I said: &quotI don't know.&quot Our whole group of 4 adults, and 5 children began watching the object and discussing it during and after. We determined quite easily that it was NOT:  a meteor, a satellite, the space station, a party lantern, a firework, a weather balloon, a remote control toy, a helicopter, an airplane, or anything else that we all would be able to recognize.  We had plenty of time to observe it and determine that it was not identifiable, and therefore as far as we were concerned, a UFO. This is my description of the flying orange sphere in detail:  It was more of an amber color than orange, with a vibrating yellow edge.  It appeared the size of a silver dollar held at arms length, but this was at roughly 5000 feet altitude, at the base of the clouds.  The clouds directly above it were softly glowing as it flew towards us (from north to south) in a slow bending &quotS&quot pattern. It then paused dropped down a little bit, then, at a slightly faster pace, headed west towards Marysville Wa.  The object did not make any noise. My original report was removed for some reason. I was checking out similar reports from the same night and noticed that they match what my group saw, and were heading in the same westward direction, in the same region, around the same time.  I don't know why NUFORC removed my report.  It is as genuine as it gets.;48.0132;-122.0679
10 year old son startled by flash of light when he looks at the dark sky throw the window he sees yellow sphere moving in medium speed;2019-11-17 21:30:00;10 seconds;10 year old son startled by flash of light when he looks at the dark sky throw the window he sees yellow sphere moving in medium speed moving left to right then suddenly stopped and moved back left to right and disappeared in the starless sky.  He had images of the celestial body burned in his memory to the point of when I asked for details he would close his eyes to revisit the sight.  I fully believe he saw an UFO, he has no idea of the peculiarities of saucers and usual concepts that he happened to frenetically describe.  Would love to know if others saw the event.;48.0132;-122.0679
