Appears like large star changing colors and shapes, moving in zig-zag pattern then remaining stationary.;2003-12-17 22:00:00;20 min;Appears like large star changing colors and shapes, moving in zig-zag pattern then remaining stationary. Driving home with my sons tonight, we all noticed this star that kept flashing red/blue/gold/white. At first I told them it was probably a jet headed toward us so we were seeing all the colors. As the colors flash, it appears to change shape to a diamond or triangular shaped light. But the star started darting about, going up several degrees at one time, then holding, then zigging to left or right. We started calling out these directional changes to one another, as well as colors, to verify we all were seeing it right. This was in the southeastern sky, but well above horizon in mid sky. After about 15 minutes, the star became stationary, and we went inside. I just checked, and it's still outside in more northern position, but did not move much while we observed it this time. The color changes have died down. Nothing else happened. It just seemed like too much movement and light color changes to be a regular star.;48.0132;-122.0679
Daylight object, too small to be commercial aircraft at altitude, moved slowly west, paused, moved further west, then south.;2006-04-22 17:10:00;2 minutes;Daylight object, too small to be commercial aircraft at altitude, moved slowly west, paused, moved further west, then south. This is my first time seeing anything worth mentioning.  Daylight: I was sitting on my south facing patio deck taking a break after doing some yard work.  Looked up and noticed an object that was the size of a small star (possibly reflecting sun light?).  The object appeared to be at commercial aircraft altitude (30k feet), but actual size of object and altitude is a guess.   Object was at eleven o-clock position in the sky and moved very slowly west (approximately two inches at arms length, would stop, then slowly continue path west, pause and then headed south in a gentle arc, to approximately two o-clock position. Movement was intentional and did not appear to drift.  No sudden accelerations, or wobbling, just even paced, then pauses.  This was not a commercial aircraft at 30k, both because of movement, speed and size.  Maybe a weather balloon, if they still use them, but the pauses (hovering) in movement seemed to last way too long.  It was very difficult to keep my eye on it because it was so small and daylight.  I simply lost track of it.;48.0132;-122.0679
Monday the 25th and the 26th. I am up at 4:45am every morning, went out to have a smoke. The skys were clear, both mornings, I saw what;2010-01-25 05:00:00;15min.;Monday the 25th and the 26th. I am up at 4:45am every morning, went out to have a smoke.  The skys were clear, both mornings, I saw what looked like a star, except it was moving very fast.  I watched it go from north to south over the mountains, as i watched it ,i saw another one coming from the south heading to the north.  They passed each other and i watched them till they were out of my sight. As I pondered over what i just saw and was trying to explain it away in my mind, I saw another,now my mind is really racing. I watched it till  it was gone. Then another,going north. This time I said in my mind if this is really happening then make that moving star go faster.  That, whatever it was, shot off and was gone in a second. scared the crap out of me and i went in side The next morning i went out hesitantly, and saw the same, moving stars. I had this feeling that the star new that i was watching it, and i swear that i saw this star move up and down. I did not believe my own eyes so i thought in my mind to move in a circle and it did. Right away too.  Still, i am not convinced on what  was happening. I thought  show me more  prove to me this is happening. I saw 2, what looked like shooting stars in about 1 minute. Then i saw a very dark mass of something go over ahead of my town.  Well needless to say, I was done. I ran in my house Stopped thinking and have be searching sites for info ever since.;48.0132;-122.0679
I seen a very bright light flash in the are of the Big Dipper.;2011-06-11 00:00:00;1 sec;I seen a very bright light flash in the are of the Big Dipper. I went on my back deck as I do sometimes to look at the stars, I was looking up, when I saw a very bright light flash in the area of the big dipper, and I thought what the heck was that?  I kept looking in that area, and it happend again, then it stopped I guess, I looked for a bit longer then gave up because I did not see it happen again, so I went in the house.  It was not a plane it was to high, plus a plane has more lights and you see it move,it was not a falling star you would see the trail from it as I said it was a quick flash then it was gone.;48.0132;-122.0679
