Don't know what it was, possibly flares...........;2007-07-20 21:43:00;app 3 mins;Don't know what it was, possibly flares........... Light sources only. Number of lights varied from 1 to a maximum of 6. Intermittant periods of illumination for each light. From my location (1.5 miles due S of Brookville IN) Light sources were due east, appeared white in color, > (side ways pointed chevron shape) No Solid Object seen. Lights appeared twice the size of the moon tonight. No strobes or flashing lights. Unlike the many of jets I've seen approaching or departing CVG airport 30 miles SSE of here. From this location, may have been in vicinity of Wright Patterson AFB. I am 52, a retired federal employee, graduate of Ball State University, and a sky watcher...this is the only thing I've ever seen worth making a phone call about. I'm not easily impressed. Hopefully something came out on video...if so, will send.;39.4211;-84.9957
2 bright lights moving E to W at 45 deg. in the sky.They spread, shrank & faded away never going over the horizon but away from Earth.;2009-08-27 00:30:00;2-3 minutes;2 bright lights moving E to W at 45 deg. in the sky. They spread, shrank & faded away never going over the horizon but away from Earth. My wife and I were coming back from a late night of grocery shopping at the 24 hour Biggs arriving home at about 12:30 am . As I stepped out of the car and looked up into the night sky (as I usually do looking for satellites, shooting stars and such),  I saw two lights evenly spaced, horizontally from about two or three fingers apart at arms length at first sight to about five fingers apart at the middle of their path across the sky moving from east to west at approximately 45 degrees in the northwestern sky, back to about one finger apart when they faded from view. I called my wife over to see them and she noted as I did that they were moving faster than the satellites we've seen. They traversed the entire sky in about two minutes. There was no sound and their brightness was comparable to that of the North star or the planets. They were larger in appearance than the point of light that you get from a satellite. I do not think that they were in our atmosphere because they were illuminated by the sun almost like the satellites I've seen.  These lights dimmed as the satellites do from the illuminated sides moving out of sight but these lights did not seem to be in orbit but moving away from the planet.  These lights never went over the horizon but rather became smaller and dimmer until they were no longer visible.;39.4211;-84.9957
