3 Objects, triangle formation, irregular, rapidly blinking pattern of red lights over Milpitas California.;2019-10-07 17:40:00;5 minutes;3 Objects, triangle formation, irregular, rapidly blinking pattern of red lights over Milpitas California. At approximately 9:40 pm, I heard the distinctive sound of fighter jets passing overhead. We hear that maybe once a month or so & I often run out back to watch what seem to be F18s or F15s fly by usually n pairs, usually heading roughly south. we live very near Moffett field as well as the San Jose Airport & a small airport for private planes I believe is called Reid–Hillview for private planes.  The sky is always full of planes, big & small, commercial & military. Google & NASA both have a presence at Moffett. On this occasion is was dark, night time, a not entirely black sky, very polluted with with lights was full of planes as always. 2 Fighters were heading south at a moderate altitude (probably several thousand feet) they had several sets of lights on. In an unusual twist only a few minutes later a second set was heard. I went out back again and watch 2 more fighters streak loudly southward. Both times I called my 8 year old son out to see, the second time I called out the whole family. My wife & daughter, not terribly interested took a long time to come out by which time my son & I had been watching a bizarre, triangle formation of red & only red lights crossing the the entire sky from the Santa Cruz mountains, eventually passing over the TV & radio towers on the peak of the east hills. It took about 2-3 minutes for the formation of objects to cross the entire sky & disappear from view, into the distance. The objects held a distant but incredibly accurate triangle formation. The red lights were not blinking in a regular pattern, they were alternating in an ever-changing coordinated, often very rapid sequence like no aircraft or group of aircraft that I, personally have ever seen.  There was no discernible repetition or pattern to the blinking.  It seemed coordinated & deliberate almost like Morse Code or music. As the objects passed over the nearby foothills they took a surprisingly long time to disappear into the distance.  To me this was an indication that they were higher & larger than they had initially appeared.  There was no particular sound that seemed associated with these particular objects.  Usually we can associate the many sounds coming from the crowded sky with the objects responsible.  The fighters for example are far louder than anything else ever is. There were a hand full of other odd characters in the sky that night.  Presumably & seemingly conventional aircraft with somewhat odd light patterns, always-on bright white lights, more & brighter lights than the usual commercial or private aircraft seeming to circle around the entirety of the silicon valley for most of an hour before/after the strange triangle passed overhead. My son and I watched this formation from one horizon to the other.  My wife & daughter saw the second half. I didn't go for my camera because I didn't want to miss anything.  Most likely this was a formation of drones or stealth fighters.  The lights were weird to the point that they must have been made deliberately weird.  I wish I had footage so I could try to figure out which symphony or what Morse code message some Goole nerd had probably programmed into the light pattern just to be a smart ass . What ever it was I didn't particularly like it, less for it's weirdness & more for it's condescension.;37.4367035714286;-121.895708035714
