Very bright  motionless light suddenly vanishes, and a separate fast moving light/object vanishes earlier ((NUFORC Note:  Venus.  PD));2004-05-05 22:30:00;30-45 minutes;Very bright  motionless light suddenly vanishes, and a separate fast moving light/object vanishes earlier I'm not sure if this was anything significant or not, but I am either baffled, paranoid, or just observant.  It was about 10:30 at night, and I was walking into my family room which is in the front of the house with a big bay window facing South.  it was dark in there, and I went in to sit on the couch and pet the cat while I waited for my husband to come home from work.  Wheile I was walking into the room I noticed a very bright white light in the sky.  I'm not sure how high in the sky it was, but from looking out of my window it was above the tree lines straight ahead.  I noticed it right away since it was so bright.  It didn't move, so I thought at first it was a planet, but was not familiar with their locations in the sky, so I didn't know which ones were visible this time of year.  Anyway, I petted the cat for a bit while I watched it.  It was beautiful, and so bright that it shined like a diamond would.  I began looking around the rest of the sky, and I noticed an amber colored light far from the other light moving rather quickly heading in the direction of my house  I noticed no blinking lights on it.  Now here is where I get concerned.. About a month ago a friend and I were out driving and noticed an amber light in the sky moving quickly and not blinking.  We pulled over and watched it.  It then suddenly vanished..just turned off like a flashlight would.  It had us freaked out.  I had never seen anything unusual in the sky before, so after that I have noticed myself looking in the sky more lately.  Well, I then went to the back of my house to my back porch to see it pass over the house, and after it did, once again it vanished over the apartment complex behind my house.  Please bare in mind I cannot specify exact height or distances when something is in the sky moving.  I listened, and since I am close to a heavily traveled highway, I cannot tell if the sound I heard was a jet, or vehicles on the highway.  If it was a jet, it had to be military since it was moving much faster than a regular plane. However, I thought even military planes had to have some type of blinking light, or at least some type of light at all times, not just invisible in the night sky. Well, I went on with other things, and my husband came home around 11:00 p.m. and I still saw that bright light in the sky from my window.  About 10 minutes later we went upstairs to bed, and after I got ready I went into my son's room which too is upstairs and faces south (it is actually right above my family room) the light was gone!  I looked around, and I could see stars all over around where the light had been, so a cloud wasn't covering it.  I kept checking back for over an hour, and still no more light.  It too just vanished. It had remained in the same spot the entire time I had seen it, so it was't a low flying plane, and it was extremely bright!  Since I knew nothing about planets, and thought that's what it was at first, I know now that planets are really not that bright either.  Still, I can't find an explanation for it disappearing like that. I am hoping someone can set my mind at ease.  Two months and the same occurance, plus another disappearing act with a light on the same night. Are they connected to each other? Am I going crazy, or is there something else in the sky? ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness may have been looking at Venus.  PD));43.4609;-88.8502000000002
Since witnessing simultaneous unidentified objects last month, I have been watching the night sky whenever I can, wondering if I will e;2005-04-14 21:30:00;10 seconds;Since witnessing simultaneous unidentified objects last month, I have been watching the night sky whenever I can, wondering if I will ever see them again.   Well, almost exactly a month later, at almost exactly the same time, and from the same location, I witness another strange event.....very different, but again, unexplainable.  I just couldn't believe it!! A small white light appeared (it moved like a satellite, only much, much closer to Earth) from the northeast sky, travelling towards the southwest.  It was low. I assumed it was an airplane, but as I studied it, there were no blinking lights.  As I watched it, it seemed to slow down or even stop.  It started to get brighter and brighter and it got to the point where it was just as bright as Jupiter, which was in the southeast sky that night.  It reminded me of a plane that is coming in to an airport at night, with all it's bright landing lights on.  The object then seemed to change direction, I thought it was going to go due east, but as I watched, I realized it was changing its altitude as well as it's direction.  It climbed fast and high, and dimmed quickly. I was able to see it for about 4 seconds before it was too high to see anymore. There was absolutely no sound, and it was definitely close enough that I should have been able to hear something. I have been interested in the night sky since I was young, I go out to find constellations and planets, and like to view meteor showers and comets.  In 20 years of looking at the sky, I've never witnessed anything unusual, now I've seen two of the strangest happenings all in one month.  What is going on?;43.4609;-88.8502000000002
