Stationary cyllinder in sky;2006-09-09 18:30:00;5 minutes;Stationary cyllinder in sky While waiting in traffic at the intersection of De Anza Blvd and Hwy 280 in Cupertino, I observed an anomalous object for approx. 5 minutes. This particular object was due east from my location, at about 25 degrees elevation, just to the left of Mt. Hamilton, a prominent landmark. It shape was a cyllinder with rounded ends, long axis parallel to the horizon--and fixed in the sky during the 5 minutes I watched. The object subtended approx. 1.5 degrees, and in the evening light shone in the same colors seen in nearby stratocumulus I judged it to have a reflective surface. The atmospheric effects on the object gave the appearance of considerable distance, perhaps even as far distant as the Mt. Hamilton range. While unproven, I had the impression of considerable size.  Naturally, when I observe something puzzling, I try to eliminate any conventional possibilities. The only prosaic explanation was a blimp or approaching aircraft, but as there were no visible protuberances, such wings, fuselage, or stabilizers, I'm not satisfied with that explanation. Have observed many blimps before, this distinctly cyllindrical object was quite different from a blimps familiar ellipsoid shape.  When traffic cleared, I watched this object until it was lost behind the local skyline of rooftops and trees. Since I was near home, I quickly dropped by and grabbed my binoculars for a closer view, then drove to my previous viewing point. The object could not be seen, and upon driving towards Mt. Hamilton and away from ground obstructions, I could not find this object anywhere in the sky. Since only 5 minutes from my last sighting had elapsed, I do not believe a blimp could have left local airspace during that brief time. Local wind conditions were calm. With those details, and a bit of skepticism I submit this report. ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) The report below was incorrectly entered as Cupertino, CO. I had meant to enter Cupertino, CA. http://www.nuforc.org/webreports/052/S52421.html Thanks, ((name deleted)) ((END));37.3177000000001;-122.0438
