7-9 very bright yellow lights in equal spacing, some hoovering, very fast, no sound, cupertino;2000-12-12 06:35:00;15-20 min.;7-9 very bright yellow lights in equal spacing, some hoovering, very fast, no sound, cupertino While walking from the Stevens Creek/85 interchange to the coffee shop I observed one bright yellow light, non-blinking but sortof candlelick with a faint flickering, rising over the horizon due west (roughly over the hills where Ano Nuevo would be/Pacific Ocean) and as it climbed another came up, and another spaced about the distance from pinky finger-tip to thumb tip if fingers are fully extended, etc....the first two (i think) then joined closely together (about width of two fingers) and moved to the left of where the lights were coming from then they just stayed there, bobbing slightly, but more or less motionless.....  went into the coffe shop and when I came out (3 min.) there were 5 other people witnissing this + two cars stopped on road...by now there were 7 objects in sky (last one coming up over horizon) and one of the first 2 barely visibal due South/SouthWest (so there might have been 8, or 9 who knows the true total....they all continiued their arc up and to the south/southwest except the final two which then broke North NorthEast once at the apex and stayed there for a moment....one then proceeded N/NE while the other remained there for about 3-4 min. more until none of the S/SE or the N/NE object were visible anylonger, then it bolted off covering the distance to the S/SE ones ini 2 min. or so (this would have been, by the time the bright light wasn't visible) about 200-400 miles i guess?).....there were no sounds audible the entire time, nothing.  Don't know what else to say...There was a film student from the local jr. college who happened to have a video camera (she was unsure that the quality of it would collect images well in the given light of pre-dawn) who I may be able to refind some morning should you feel it worth pursuing.;37.3177000000001;-122.0438
Red loud ufo, another big white light appeared in front of it then disappeared all Recorded for prove;2013-09-11 10:45:00;20 seconds;Red loud ufo, another big white light appeared in front of it then disappeared all Recorded for prove My cousin, brother, and a neighbor and I were outside my apartment we saw 2 UFOs  we heard a very loud spaceship noise that looked invisible with red lights then when it was flying another white big shiny light turned on like it was a another spaceship then the white light turned off then turned on and disappeared. We have it recorded and its just something unexplainable something we never seen before. Contact me for prove of video!;37.3177000000001;-122.0438
Strange red and blue pulsating lights (crafts?) to the S / SE of Cupertino? 12/5/17 @ 10pm  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Sirius.  PD));2017-12-05 22:00:00;30-60 minutes;Strange red and blue pulsating lights (crafts?) to the S / SE of Cupertino? 12/5/17 @ 10pm Last night (12/5/17) at around 10pm, I noticed a strange light in the sky to the south/ southeast of my home.  It was much too bright to be a star as you could see stars up above where this object was and the contrast between the stars and this object was very obvious.  It was definitely not a plane either as this object would hover then make jolted type movements.  At one point I watched this object completely disappear gradually, and about 45 seconds later reappeared closer to my home.  It had a pulsating light that would change from red to blue, then to white but with no distinct pattern.  I couldn’t figure out what this thing was and I started to get a bit nervous. Living near the San Jose airport, I’m fairly good at spotting the objects, even in the night sky, but for the life of me I couldn’t figure out what this thing was.  If it had been a helicopter we would have easily heard it and would have recognized the flight patterns.  At about 10:20pm this object was! still hovering in the night sky, only moving once in a while, and very quickly.  I called for my mother-in-law to come to outside so I could get another perspective on what this object was.  Immediately my mother-in-law was also convinced this was much to close to be a star, as the pulsating red and blue lights were fairly obvious.  That’s when my mother-in-law noticed there was a second object as well.  It was further away than the one I had been watching but as we watched this other object it too looked as if it was making similar movements and color changes, and coming closer to our home.  I even pulled up a star chart on my phone and this object was appearing on the star view camera but not registering as a star, nor was it close enough to any star that it would be mistaken as such.  Normally if it’s a satellite, this star map app will tell you.  I tried to take photos and videos but my phone’s camera isn’t the best quality.  I just want to know what this thing was, and if anyone else in the Cupertino / San Jose area also witnessed this object? ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr Davenport, Thanks for your response.  I’m sorry to bother you guys, but yes I believe you’re right that it was Sirius.  I guess I just never realized how bright it can be at times!  I must have stared a bit too long as well because I could swear it was moving.  I’ve since read that that can happen if you’re focusing on an object too long in the night sky?  The night I saw it, it wasn’t registering on the star map app I was using, but I know those apps can be faulty on exact gps locations because last night when I looked, it did register as Sirius.  Thanks again for your response!  ((END ADDENDUM));37.3177000000001;-122.0438
