Orange fireball looking spheres in the sky spotted for the 3rd time over a period of 6 months.;2020-06-02 03:00:00;1 minute;Orange fireball looking spheres in the sky spotted for the 3rd time over a period of 6 months. The objects I have seen are orange in color and circular.  About 5 times the size of a normal star.  Much lower than the stars in the sky though.  They seem to be like a glowing orange orb and they dart around but stay in the same area.  This makes the 3rd time I have seen these objects.  All from the same location and spread out by a few months over time but all look the same.  First time it was one object to the south and high up but over trees, it stayed stationary and then just kinda of burned out, so I wrote it off as maybe a lantern.  Second time there was two together, to my East and they we’re definitely high enough to not be a lantern but still way lower than the stars.  Same glowing orange circle as before, one of them seemed to dart around some but not moving far away from the other.  One faded out and then about 10 seconds later the second did the same.  The third was 3 together, same objects but this time to my north and in a wide open view.  There were no! other planes in the sky to really gauge this.  Quickly after I spotted them one seemed to move around some and then burned out.  Then the second one about 20 seconds later, and then finally after about a minute the 3rd did the same, but this time where the second one was it lit back up and then quickly faded out again.  The third did the same. I mentioned there were no planes in the sky close by but just after they all faded out an aircraft with normal red and blinking light like most planes travelled straight toward where they were at  This plane was traveling much faster than any that I’ve ever seen flying through the night sky.;37.1152;-85.2705
I witnessed a white circular odject from a long distance away had a foggy illumination following it. Did not look like anything ive see;2020-06-12 05:30:00;3 minutes;I witnessed a white circular odject from a long distance away had a foggy illumination following it. Did not look like anything ive seen in the sky before.;37.1152;-85.2705
