Black helicopter and strange phone call;2013-12-05 18:00:00;15 minutes;Black helicopter and strange phone call A helicopter flew over the house real low and landed down the street.  The next day a strange phone call at 5:30 pm central time zone- lots of weird static on line.  We weren't there, but voices told us about that- they said they'd do that and it happened apparently. someone told us on the phone about that stuff.  They said it was an air lift due to car wreck, but the aliens would say that's what it'd be, too. ***(The aliens did say that- they said they'd land... air-lift something or other.  That it'd be an air lift due to car crash, but there probably wasn't a car crash.  If it was it would been on the main road there probably since it's a 1 road town.  There's such things as air-lifts, but it flew real low and there was a strange call the next day.  The call was aliens for sure and if a car crashed they knew about it and told us first or they did it.  But, first she didn't mention a car crash- just low flying helicopter and said that's what it was.  Just like we thought of it shortly before that happened a few days before- day or so before.  We thought aliens landing or something- someone flying low by- which the mafia has did that here- flying low by the window out there following us down the hall while someone came out the stairs and also followed us at the same time.  The voices said aliens in a helicopter land and then said - it's probably an air-lift from a car crash.  So you'd think it's that, but maybe it wasn't because why would a helicopter land down the street? They - the voices may have said -make the mafia fly low over the house there since they did that here once at least and we saw them out there. Hells Angels International mafia organization did that here. They talk to the mafia - they told us they were on the phone with the mafia day before or recently- the mafia woman calls daily she said there. She talks to the mafia out there on the phone and they moved in next door and into her house even- that area. So, we were par! anoid maybe and just thought of the helicopters something and ! then tha t happened- and the voices, but it may have been aliens in the helicopter. We'll have to ask what color it was. They were mystified about that at first and the car crash theory was probably not real and just somethign they made up to explain it. The call the next day was very strange with real weird static and it was about same time we got up day before which was when the mafia woman would call out there every day and lie on the phone. So we had tried to call and it was busy and it was just static and they said they hung the phone us. they said it sounded real real weird and that it hasn't happened before and it's not a normal regular type of prank call they get out there or anything.) You may think that coz why else would it land, but that was aliens in the helicopter realy and on the phone. The aliens seem to be reminding us a lot recently of things that we thought of and then forgot before we had a chance to calm down over it to make the voices go away. so they were just ! helping us to make the voices go away and spooking us by telling us they were going to do those things and then doing them. don't know if it was black helicopter or not. it landed also by a house that we thought of - probably there- that is down the street. they said it landed down the street. So, it was the house that someone used to tease us about when we were little kids saying the woman who lived there was a  witch. We recalled that other day and when we were little it scard us a lot and gave us nightmares. The voices reminding us that we were scared is what they did when we thought of that we freaked out and they landed to remind us of that apparently that it was scary. The woman was out in broad daylight if she was a witch she'd been hiding late at night- she wasn'ta  witch. The other woman just said that being weird - she said - see that old woman out there with them shakers banging on them trashcans- she's a witch. We'd run and get scared- we were real little babies! only then. She was just playing moracas and banging on the tr! ashcans because it sounded musical kinda. She was unable to haul off the trashcans- large metal tranh containers kinds with the lids on top in metal-metal barrels. The woman thought she was sexy smoking cigaretttes and they'd walk around the block and she'd tease us kids like that. She'd walk around the block smoking those and say that when we went by that house. A helicopter flew over the house real low and landed down the street. The next day a strange phone call at 5:30 pm central time zone- lots of weird static on line. We weren't there, but voices told us about that- they said they'd do that and it happened apparently. someone told us on the phone about that stuff. They said it was an air lift due to car wreck, but the aliens would say that's what it'd be, too. You may think that coz why else would it land, but that was aliens in the helicopter realy and on the phone. The aliens seem to be reminding us a lot recently of things that we thought of and then forgot before we had a ! chance to calm down over it to make the voices go away. so they were just helping us to make the voices go away and spooking us by telling us they were going to do those things and then doing them. don't know if it was black helicopter or not. it landed also by a house that we thought of - probably there- that is down the street. they said it landed down the street. So, it was the house that someone used to tease us about when we were little kids saying the woman who lived there was a  witch. We recalled that other day and when we were little it scard us a lot and gave us nightmares. The voices reminding us that we were scared is what they did when we thought of that we freaked out and they landed to remind us of that apparently that it was scary. The woman was out in broad daylight if she was a witch she'd been hiding late at night- she wasn'ta  witch. The other woman just said that being weird - she said - see that old woman out there with them shakers banging on them tra! shcans- she's a witch. We'd run and get scared- we were real l! ittle ba bies only then. She was just playing moracas and banging on the trashcans because it sounded musical kinda. She was unable to haul off the trashcans- large metal tranh containers kinds with the lids on top in metal-metal barrels. The woman thought she was sexy smoking cigaretttes and they'd walk around the block and she'd tease us kids like that. She'd walk around the block smoking those and say that when we went by that house.;35.3668;-95.259
Odd helicopter sighted, landed, and strange phone call, too;2013-12-05 18:00:00;15 minutes;odd helicopter sighted, landed, and strange phone call, too We heard voices telling us a helicopter would fly by low and land down the street and it did.  Probably right down the street at about the only location we realy know about there. someone used to spook us when we walked by that house as a kid.  The aliens seem to remind us recently of things that we had thought of and forgot.  They help you to remember the scary things so you can forget them because when we originally thought of them we forgot without thinking of it and becoming unscared of it.  It was something scary and they helped us remember it so we wouldn't be scared no more so we can put it out of our minds. So, the helicopter flew real real low by the house someone told us on the  phone day before yesterday.  It had happened the day before and they had just got a real real weird phone call about 15 minutes before we called.  It had real real weird static on the line they said and they hung up. It wasn't usual and hadn't happened ever before.  Don't know what color the helicopter was or much on how the call sounded.  They said the helicopter flew real real low and the call was real real weird though.  They said it was an airlift because of a car crash.  They said it landed down the street first - flew weird though.  The car crash idea was probably just something they thought of to make sense of it. It surely wasn't one and at first they just said that it was a real weird helicopter flying strange and landed.  They didn't mention a car crash.  Didn't mention the main road.  They mentioned a weird flying helicopter is what it was.  And nothing of any cars or anything like that- just that it ! had landed. So the other story of the car wreck and air-lift was not realy what it was. We thought of a helicopter that flew by here low recently and voices said they'd make one fly low there, too.  They said it'd be the Hells Angles outlaw motorcycle gang- just like flew by here many times very low outside our window.  That is how they do death threats- they are a mafia organization. So, then the voices said aliens fly by and land down street in helicopter and you just think of an air lift due to a car crash would be why they'd land like that. Helicopters landed down the street here before, too. But the voices said landing there and aliens or mafia and that they knew a car wreck would happen or they would cause it to happen. Realy, it may have been aliens or else the hell's angel's mafia organization maybe - perhaps possessed by aliens and landed there. Don't know what it looked like or what the occupant's looked like. It landed so that is unusual. The call was weird- at same time the mafia calls there daily which would be when we woke up the day before. They ca! ll and tell lies on the phone because that is mafia activity. They lie on the phone and tell them the same things we said the day before at the same time we said them the day before. It is meant to make them trust them- sound familiar to the person so they trust a stranger. The hell's angel's do lot's of murders for money and that is what that is. They work with other mafia organizations, too such as Georgia mafias which is what some of them are out there. So, the aliens called the next day, too and did weird noises on the phone. Static maybe copying that song by the band who did 'love shack' because we thought of that song other day, too. Maybe aliens put the song in our mind. B-52's is the band name. Channel Z song- maybe we used to think the song was ufo's or something related to it like ufo's contating you telepatically. The aliens may have reminded us of that idea that we'd never have remembered otherwise. don't know if we ever thought that realy. Or we used to think t! v's were weird or something- like the film Poltergeist. The vo! ices may be were helping us forget soemthign that scared us though by reminding us that we thought of it and forgot it before we calmed down over it. So we could remember it and forget it. So they landed and just basically also annoying us with voices and scaring us. It was a helicopter, but it maybe was aliens and it landed- don't know if it was black. Rape is associated with a ufo landing spot where an alien was sighted in the vicinity. It landed and one was sighted apparently at least. If it was the mafia or not we don't know, but that itself is ufo related because it's alien related because aliens have something to do with a gang that kills thousands of innocent people every year - mostly in the southern us. They work with other mafia organizations, too though a whole lot- we know because we have seen them. And they are international, too a-lot we know because we have seen that, too. We'll have to ask about the color of the helicopter and what the occupant/s looked like. They abdolutely did not at first say it was a car crash and air-lift via helicopter. They said it flew by real real low! It had landed down the street! And all you could figure out is why they'd do that would be an air-lift to the hospital from a car crash maybe on the main road. Why else would it be there? Is it legal to land personal helicopters wherever you want like that? In a residential neighborhood and flying that low- they said it was terribly low. We've seen low planes before because we have seen ufo's before and aliens flying low. This was even lower apparently. Real real weird static on the phone the next day and they hung up the phone they said. So it's not normal and it does not even sound like a prank call. I have got calls from ET's before and here we have stopped answering the phone. The alien/s called maybe just to freak us out seems like and they may have been ordered to phone us up from time to time like it's their job by a top alien. We heard a voice saying they'd be a weird call and there was- with static real weird on it- and it was. The day before we had tried to call out there and they were on the phone to the mafia. The mafia calls and lies and tells them things we said day before at the same time they call there the next day. It's to gain trust and they had called and were on the phone lieing to them out there to make them think they have something in common with them- to sound familiar so they will put their guard down and trust them when they shouldn't. So calling people like that would cause ET's to get there beca! use the mafia is doing very violent type of thing by doing that. ET's being evil have something to do with it. So there's the mafia and also we don't usually call out there and we recalled that. Aliens maybe wanted to remind us of that and how bad it was coz they hate us out there of course. We had to call though because there was important business needed done and you can't do it in 2 minutes once a week here in town realy. We had to do things about buying groceries, clothes and everything and we had to call. They maybe wanted to remind us - did we get mad and freak out and say we weren't calling and to remind us to calm down over whatever we maybe thought on that whole thing if we heard voices on it or whatever. I heard about it via the voices 1st, they saw it and surely many others saw it there in the town. Aliens could fly a helicopter and even abduct people or animals onto them and make people think it was an air-lift.;35.3668;-95.259
