Bright star like object exhibiting erratic movements caught on video, along with possible contact?! Scary, unexplained noise on video;2011-08-15 03:30:00;1 Hour;Bright star like object exhibiting erratic movements caught on video, along with possible contact?! Scary, unexplained noise on video I have 2 young children, one is 3 and the other is a newborn so when we want a cigarette we step outside.  I proceeded to go outside and smoke around 3 a.m. on August 15th in the rural area of Wellington which is about 45 minutes from Cleveland. It's pretty dark in this area so looking at the stars is what we like to do considering the good view.   As I looked up, I saw what appeared to be a star. This star however very quickly exhibited some erratic movement. It would move left slow then shoot really fast then stop.  It would shoot right angles and stop and go.  Very clearly not the movement of a star hopping or any planes or anything.   When I grabbed my girlfriend to watch, she also observed the erratic movements of our star. It would move crazy directions and very fast at some points as fast as a shooting star.  After we observed it for a few minutes and were pointing, it almost reacted to our shock and our pointing..almost as if it were showing off. Now it wou! ld make all the sense in the universe to me that if you wanted to just stay in the night sky, your ship could look like a star.  And if we have satellites that can listen in, why couldn't this star have been aware of us?  On to the best (and craziest) part of the night. About 30 minutes later, I decided to try and film it with our camcorder. It's a little dated you can know this because it still uses tapes.  The UFO we observed however did NOT show up on the camcorder. I thought I had failed but when I walked to my car to get something, behind our apartment building (out of sight of my original position), there was a VERY bright star-like object also showing some erratic yet very thought out movements.  This object was way brighter than the north star, almost as bright as a plane, in the SW sky.  This object I DID capture on film for over 30 minutes with a stationary camcorder. It moved in all different directions not following a traditional orbit or flightpath of anything rational that can fly. I got to zoom in on it and it was a rainbow of colors but very clearly shows the object itself was circling..showing like a stationary propulsion system. I have 30 minutes of video with the camcord! er sitting in place perfectly still and you can observe what the object looks like, and it's movement in and out of the shot. Also fast-forwarding and rewinding CLEARLY shows the objects random movements. Also, every shot I got has a portion of the awning of our apartment building in it so you can see that the camera is still and the crazy movement of the object. At one point zoomed in, it looks to be powered bya central electrical turbine which the rest of the visible ship spinning clockwise to stay in flight.  The UFO itself doesnt spin just its surface does and from far away it resembled an electric eye or a blue and sometimes purple death star if you will. I've wanted my whole life to see something like this and even though I was uneasy the whole time, I remained skeptical until the end of my film.  I heard what sounded like a group of women moaning a ghostly sound in unison it was the most scary and creepy thing I've ever heard in my life.  I caught it on camera so oth! er people can hear it but it sounded like nothing I've ever heard and contains no explaination that I could even begin to think of.  I felt a chill to my core after hearing this and I know whoever watches the tape will too. It was also loud like nothing I've heard before it was as if it were behind the treeline it felt so close. The stationary camcorder records its obviously erratic yet intelligent movement, it captures the look and design of the ship, and it captures the most horrifying sound I have EVER heard in my 23 years of existance.  I would rather know I was going to be tortured than to feel how I did when I heard that sound it sounded like something straight out of the movies like it could've been straight out of the movie Signs when they hear it through the baby moniter.   If scientists dissect this tape, I feel that this could be the holy grail of videos for ufologists..the smoking gun. I will not give this tape up unless I know that the video will be taken seriously.;41.1685;-82.2291
