Small, silent, roughly 3 feet in length, black rectangle with a small red light in front. Hovered roughly 15 feet over our heads.;2015-08-26 23:45:00;2-5 minutes;Small, silent, roughly 3 feet in length, black rectangle with a small red light in front.  Hovered roughly 15 feet over our heads. It was August 26th at around 11:45 PM and my two friends and I were stargazing on the beach in Sandwich Massachusetts.  It was a very quiet night with little wind and quiet waves. As I was staring up at the sky, the stars were suddenly blocked out by a slow moving black rectangle that appeared to be only about 15-20 feet above our heads.  The rectangle was only about 3-feet in length, was completely black and had a small red light in the front of it. The most terrifying aspect of it was that it was completely silent.  ABSOLUTELY NO noise came from it and the only reason we saw it was because we happened to be looking at the stars when it crossed right over our heads. Immediately after yelling at my friends to look up at it,  we chased it for about a hundred yards and as it picked up significant speed.  The way that it moved was incredible.  It didn't seem aerodynamic in anyway but moved very quickly and silently and it had no fans or wings.  It was simply a small, black, rectangular prism. We chased it until it suddenly turned and it crashed into the ocean about 40 yards out.  The way it crashed into the water seemed almost intentional.  The object moved too well and seemed too in control for it to accidentally land it in the water. The lights we had with us were too weak to see it, but we presume that it sank when we could no longer see it floating on the surface.  Shortly after this incident, roughly 15 Coast Guard boats began to move back and forth very close to the shore as if they were looking for it. The next day we searched the water but with no luck, and we think the object was either found by the Coast Guard or was pulled out with the tide.  I’m not a believer in aliens, but this was nothing like anything I had ever seen before.  My best guess is that it was a spy/surveillance drone, but with some sort of cutting edge technology that allows it to fly without wings or motors. Whether its aliens or some government test, I don't feel safe knowing that things this stealthy and advanced exist among us. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));41.7111;-70.4887
