seen two light blue lights,area had low clouds around Springer N.M. was travelling north on I-25. I went over Raton Pass and lights rea;2004-03-04 03:00:00;two hours;seen two light blue lights,area had low clouds around Springer N.M. was travelling north on I-25. I went over Raton Pass and lights reappeared.The clouds cleared up on the Colorado side the moon was full thats when I saw the craft in the moonlight,total time elapsed two hours. ((NUFORC Note:  Celestial body??  PD));36.3767;-104.5927
The object appeared to be the shape of a giant florescent M and M candy.  It moved left to right across the desert floor then...n to s;2006-08-13 01:15:00;20 MINS;The object appeared to be the shape of a giant florescent M and M candy.  It moved left to right across the desert floor then...n to s I was wide awake traveling on I25 North bound a couple of miles north of Springer NM.  I was traveling about 77 miles an hour and a glowing disk passed in front of me left to right or west to east and disappeared over the east horizon.  It scared the hell out of me.  The car shook as if a fighter jet had left me in a wake...i slowed regained composure....and it returned from south of my car and passsed over the top and shook the car in a wake again and turned NE into desert floor.  I actually stopped on the frontage road and got out of my Escape and used my digital camera to try and capture it floating over a slight rise in the desert floor.  THe picture zoomed in looks more like several lights and possibly metal between them....it is from a great distance as I could only zoom so far, and I guess that it was over a mile or mile and half away.  It was not a jet.  It did not have sound except the air it displaced and it had no lights other than it appearing to be a giant white M and M  candy shape, about three to four times the size of my car.  It disappeared instantly while I was taking the third picture.  It was very dark. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));36.3767;-104.5927
