Numerous multicolored flashing lights, circular in shape and very quite flying in random circles;2017-10-17 00:00:00;ongoing;Numerous multicolored flashing lights, circular in shape and very quite flying in random circles;33.7352;-87.0555
At about 7:30 PM, I saw approximately 50 circular objects with red, green, blue and white pulsating lights, moving very slowly.;2017-10-17 19:30:00;5 hours;At about 7:30 PM, I saw approximately 50 circular objects with red, green, blue and white pulsating lights, moving very slowly. On October 17th, 2017, at 7:30 PM, I saw a bright object, about the size of a planet, sitting low in the western sky with multiple circular lights of red, green, blue and white in the center, pulsating at different speeds.  The object would zigzag, move up and down, then side to side in small increments, while essentially remaining in the same area.  The animals (dogs, coyotes, cows and birds) in the wooded countryside where I reside, seemed to be very upset about something, making a lot of noise.  As I looked up overhead, there were a few more of the same colored lights only smaller in size, a little larger than the surrounding stars moving very slowly (much slower than an airplane).  Then there was a flood of these objects, approximately 50.  With the exception of the animal noises, there was no sound.  At times they were so close together, I thought they would collide. I went to the front yard to get a larger scope of the sky and noticed they were coming from two different directions.  Some from the North and others from the East.  But all were converging and gravitating towards the larger, stationary object in the western horizon.  Some would disappear quickly, while others continued to circle and zigzag. Occasionally some would emit a large grayish-white beam of light in the southerly direction for a few seconds. This continued until I finally came inside after midnight. I am very thankful to be validated by no less than nine other people who experienced the same phenomenon. ((NUFORC Note:  No other reports from that area.  We wonder whether the objects might have been stars, although the witness insists they were not.  PD));33.7352;-87.0555
Bright multi-colored lights coming from the East moving towards a larger light in the West…;2017-10-18 19:16:00;2 hours;Bright Multicolored lights coming from the East moving towards a larger light in the West... At approximately 7:16, October 18, 2017,  A bright object was hovering low in the Western sky, zigzagging back and forth. Overhead, there were several other crafts with similar lights, closer in size of the surrounding stars.  All of these objects were flashing red, green, blue lights with a white light in the center, seemingly floating Westward in the direction of the larger stationary object. This was the second sighting two nights in a row (previous sighting was Oct. 17, 2017).  As we (there were three of us)   One was blinking a bit brighter than the others, then suddenly dropped straight down with lightening speed and  disappeared. A few minutes later, looking towards the Eastern sky, there was a very large (about the size of a street lamp) bright, amber colored oblong (North to South) object. It was also hovering low in the Eastern sky with erratic zigzagging movements.  Hovering close to it was a much smaller reddish/yellow object.  Both were moving in small increments at the same time. This lasted about three minutes, then quickly vanished.;33.7352;-87.0555
