Strange lights over Lake Huron;2002-07-17 22:30:00;5 minutes;Strange lights over Lake Huron While fishing off the public pier in Harbor Beach Michigan this older man who was behind me and facing south exclaimed something like what on earth is that.  I turned and looked in the direction he pointed which was about dead south.  There were two lights at a distance about 15 degrees off the horizon moving in a general northeast direction over Lake Huron. They seemed to be playing a game of tag with one leading and the other following but gaining ground then overtakeing the lead light and the roles reversing.  The lights changed back and forth from about a violet color to yellow.  Distance and size were hard to judge but they appeared about the size of a penny held at arms length.  Their speed and course were erratic but the general direction of travel was northeast.  There was no sound that I could hear but it seemed these objects were at quite a distance. This went on for about 5 minutes until they were almost dead east of us then they shot straight up at incredable speed and vanished from sight. I have been a sceptic about this type of thing and still am to some degree but I cant imagine what normal thing these lights could have been.;43.8296;-82.6923
Yellow/white ball of light.;2016-02-29 23:45:00;1 minute;Yellow/white ball of light. I walked off my porch looked South and observed a yellow/white light the size of Venus, about 15 degrees above horizon.  Being an amateur astronomer, I knew there should be no yellow lights near that position in the night sky. I was about to go get my binoculars, when the light moved due West about two miles in an instant.  I observed it as a bar of white light as it moved. It then sat motionless for about 20 seconds.  Then it went straight up and out of sight in an instant.  Displaying the same bar of light that it had during its horizontal movement. I then went and got my binoculars and observed nothing in the position I last saw the light.  Made no noise at all.  Sky was moonless and winds calm about 32 degrees F.   I am a member of MUFON. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he seemed to us to be a serious-minded person.  We suspect that he is an excellent observer, and witness.  PD));43.8296;-82.6923
