Shooting star,Air Fision and then a Small,Windshield shaped craft appears out of it.;1997-02-27 20:00:00;5-6 seconds;Shooting star,Air Fision and then a Small,Windshield shaped craft appears out of it. I was in the back yard of a beach cottage in Holland Point Maryland-the house is on the first,Eastern-most street in Anne Arundel County Maryland. The house is approximately 60-70 kilometers  ((NUFORC:  meters??)) from the Cheasapeake bay. I had been watching T.V. and had gone out for a smoke. I was facing east-(the Bay) when out of the corner of my eye,-I saw a quick streak from just slightly front and left to behind me(though it's entire path was visual perifially). It was in every respect, like a shooting star-(I had seen so many during my time there-and it was EXACTLY like a shooting star in every regaurd-Speed Path and duration. It was only as an-Aww-too bad...I missed it! after thought,that I looked up in the direction it had-(or should have) disappeared in that I turned and looked up to that point,- I was instantly perplexed by what appeared to be a jumbling or illuminated disturbance in the clear night sky-and I must admit, that it seemed like an attraction spotlight-(only with no beam from the ground attached to it). AND- it had no clear or concentrated form or direction and encompassed a much larger portion of the sky than an attraction spotlight would. As I turned not only my head attenuation,but my body as well to gaze at it, the illuminated disturbance moved from my left(west) to my right(east)in a very quick and abbreviated fashion and then disappeared as a tiny,ghostlike/neon,concentrated shape suddenly appeared in it's place,-the second the disturbance disappeared-(The approximate shape of a car's window shield and in comparison to the gigantic Wafting of air- MUCH SMALLER!) as it made a B-Line due south on a trajectory which was niether de or a-scendant,but was consistantcy of a jet flying on a straight and ulta-high altitude path. As it was nighttime, the shape was clearly defined-It's just that my memory fails me as to the exact,precise shape. It was either like a cars window shield, or like a triangle with it's top corner cut off- I went into town-North Beach the next day to ask if there was any at! traction or special event which would have fostered the use of a spotlight but after asking several locals,the only (even slightly) related testimony,-was that the vibration from a tremor or explosion had shaken a shopping center the morning of the very next day and had broken the windows of some of the shops therein. The Rolands Grocery Store Shopping Center with the McDonalds and (nearby)-the Rod and Reel Resturant. I am searching for a satisfactory explanation for what I saw,and it has taken a long time for me(as a devout skeptic) to realize that I have no explanation and that what I saw was defying of all my pre-held beliefs. I remember my first inclined emotion was one of violation-feeling that if what I had just seen was every thing I percieved it to be, then everything was now set on it's ear. The craft disappeared or Phased into the southern portion of sky-brightened by the (I guess) the Solomons Island City lights or perhaps Prince Frederick. there was no sound thruout and it happened over a period of about 5-6 seconds.;38.7126;-76.5316
