Chevron shaped object suspended over trees in Cary, NC.;2019-11-30 18:45:00;10 seconds;Chevron shaped object suspended over trees in Cary, NC. I am a male nearing retirement age.  I have lived decades in Raleigh, but I grew up in Cary, NC.  I attended NC State University – receiving bachelor’s degrees in Business Management, Economics, and Computer Science.  I write software for retailers as a profession.  Tonight, Saturday, November 30, 2019, I witnessed what seemed to be a UFO over Cary, NC. At about 6:45 pm, it was raining as I was leaving my in-laws home.  I headed North East on Kildaire Farm Road, and I was approaching the intersection of Cary Parkway.  Traffic was modest and slightly slower than usual.  As I approached the traffic light, it turned red, and I began to brake.  Because I looked at the traffic light, I noticed what appeared to be a commercial jet above and beyond the traffic light.  I nitially, I simply thought it was an airplane, and I forced myself to concentrate on the intersection and traffic light until I stopped for the traffic light. I then realized that what I saw did not make sense because commercial airlines do not fly that low over cities, and nothing that large could fly that slowly.  It looked like the underside of a jet wing.  However, it was huge, but it was initially difficult to judge the height – even though it appeared to be moving very slowly.  The slow speed resembled a blimp over a football game. I speculated that at that speed, it must be something like a blimp that was covering the NC State vs UNC football game at Carter Finley stadium.  However, it looked nothing like one, and it did not seem possible that a drone could be flying at night when it was raining that hard. The sky appeared to be a very faint light gray color – not black yet, and tree lines were not visible. With only a few exceptions (like the traffic light), the night was like a black and white TV show – no reds, greens, blues, or yellows. This was the heaviest part of the rainstorm and because of the rain, my windows were “rolled” up. I could see maybe ten lights on the underside of a “wing(?)” One or more may have been blinking, but if so, not with the usual intensity of an airplane light. My focus was on lights that were not blinking. They seemed to have the intensity of a 60-watt incandescent outdoor house light when viewed from the street. The lights retained their distance from each other and moved synchronously. I studied them carefully for hints that this was projected from a source on the ground – such as light on raindrops or objects at different heights like buildings, trees, etc., but there was no “overspray” of light. There was a faint glow around the lights – making them appear to illuminate a modest amount of the underside of the “wing” that the lights were mounted on. Without a visual frame a reference for something like this, it was challenging to estimate the height, but it appeared to be hundreds of feet high – not thousands. Obviously, it was higher than the trees, but not by a lot. I never saw anything that resembled an airplane body. It was either obscured from view or there was not one. It may have been shaped like a chevron/B-2 bomber (but a much lighter color). The object appeared as if it may have been heading in my direction (i.e. away from the airport), and it was in the process of making a slow, left turn (i.e. to my right).  I had to move my head down, towards the steering wheel, because my roof was blocking my vision, and I saw the plane at roughly forty-five degrees up and in front and slightly to the right of me – like it was over the Wendy’s restaurant ahead on the right. It then occurred to me that I could only hear traffic and rain noises – nothing like the sound of an airplane. Only this one object appeared. I could not say how the object disappeared. It seemed to disappear behind something like a tree. It never seemed to change course. There were no visible contrails. This was visible for perhaps ten seconds. Then, someone in a SUV like mine came up fast on my left (in the left turn lane) and stopped quickly. I could see two people inside, and they were moving around inside – flailing their arms. I assumed they wanted me to lower my window, so I did. The vehicle contained a lady driver with dark hair – perhaps in her mid-thirties and what may have been a five to ten-year-old girl(?) in the passenger seat. The lady excitedly asked, “did you see that?” I had been deep in thought – trying to understand what I had seen, and because she came from behind me, my first thought was “seen what?”. Then I realized that she had seen this, too. So, I answered, “yes”. She replied, “what was it?”, but I had no answer. I did not want to say that it was a “flying saucer” – because of how improbable that was, and to nitpick, it did not appear to be round. I then noticed that the traffic light had turned green and that another car was behind me. I wondered if they had seen it, too. Then, I thought “the lady beside me already knows it is unidentified (as in UFO) – that’s why she is asking” and “you had better answer quickly before people behind us get upset”. The car immediately behind me came around me on the right (turn lane), but I did not know who else was approaching me from behind. I did not want to scare the little girl in the SUV, but finally, I blurted out “a spaceship?” because I could not think of anything more accurate/likely. While the window was open, I attempted to smell the air for jet fuel, but I could only smell rain. I had my cell phone during the observation, and I considered getting it out to take a photo/movie, but I was wearing blue jeans, and I knew that I could not remove it quickly. Also, it was still raining, and I was somewhat dumbfounded about what I had seen. Then, the object disappeared. I glanced back up, but I could no longer find the “airplane”, so I proceeded through the intersection, and I believe the lady made a left turn. I stopped at a nearby restaurant near the Maynard Road intersection, and then I called my wife. I wrote this description as soon as I arrived home. I am reporting this information as accurately, precise, and truthful as possible.;35.7782056768558;-78.8009503275103
