A green lozenge-shaped craft hovered high above a busy parking lot, then sped away after it noticed that I had seen it.;2000-06-01 21:00:00;1 minute;A green lozenge-shaped craft hovered high above a busy parking lot, then sped away after it noticed that I had seen it. I was in a Target parking lot at Crossroads Shopping Center in Cary, NC.  It was night time, the store was busy, and there were many people going both in and out of the store. I was walking toward my car when I felt a sense of being watched.  As one does, you instinctively look in the direction from where the feeling is coming. I looked up. There in the night sky, hovering, was a bright green craft.  It was lozenge-shaped to me.  I looked for a more exact shape name, and the closest shape description is a trigonal rhombohedral structure.  It was longer than it was high, like at least a 4:1 proportion. There is a crystal structure like that, I think for Mica or something.  That’s interesting because the color seemed sort of jewel-like & crystalline.  The color was bright enough that it was like an LED intensity, almost as if it was glowing.  This is the color green that you see when light splits from a prism. Anyway, as soon as I looked up, I got a distinct, unsettling sense that whatever/whoever was watching found my notice funny, as if they were mischievous and had been caught.  The humor of it to them--I could feel that there was more than one--was relatable enough that I didn’t feel frightened, though this was extraordinarily strange.  Maybe I was so amazed I couldn't feel anything else. The craft then suddenly left.  There was no acceleration.  It was just at speed like instantaneously.  It was so fast that it was almost as if it had jumped.  The color intensity was bright enough that it briefly left a bit of a retinal imprint in my eyes.  It was as clear and bright as any of the parking lot lights, but more vivid, and with no light shining out like a street light has.  Just a beautiful bright green, incongruous and impossibly hovering in the sky, before suddenly leaving.  Zooming, streaking --any such verbs for rapid movement -- they don't come even close to describing the movement of the thing.  There's no existing word for what that craft did. I looked around and no one else that I could see was looking up as if they had noticed, too.  That also was bizarre and confusing. I have no way to estimate how big it was because I can't tell how high in the air it was.  It was relatively low to the ground because it wasn’t tiny the way jets look when they're well along in their flight at altitude.  If I had to guess, I’d say it was flying about the height a helicopter flies.  I might be thinking that, though, because the thing seemed to be somewhat longer than the length of a helicopter.  Again, this isn’t actually reliable I'm just guesstimating.  When I looked up, though, I raised my head at an angle of over 45 degrees.  Hopefully, that might help someone get some rough idea of the thing's height in the sky. I was a middle-aged college graduate at the time.  I studied a lot of geophysics in college, though that didn't end up as my degree.  Though I had never ruled out alien life, I never believed that alien life, especially advanced life, would be here.  Yet, I cannot believe what I saw was some military craft. How could it be?  Though humans can feel themselves being watched, the clear sense of humor I felt coming at me— recognizing my notice, as if we were exchanging an actual glance and I could clearly read them — that doesn’t seem like something any human can manage, especially from such a remote sky position.  Yes, the humor and mischievousness felt human in that those are recognizable human emotions triggered by the relatable circumstance of being caught, but there was also a sense behind all that of a certain sophistication.  Not patronizing exactly, but I was definitely other and not in on the secret as it were.  It seemed to like! people. It has been almost 20 years and it is still so clear to me.  My bafflement left me unable to even have a huge emotional reaction. I can barely process what happened now. I’m still baffled. I don't know how to digest what happened, especially feeling their reaction to me seeing the craft, that sense that we saw one another. How did no one else seem to see them?  Why were they looking at me so much in particular that it caused me to look up? What were they doing hovering above a Target parking lot of all places?  How could they feel so relatable?  Why did it make no sound?  I so wish I had answers. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.7782056768558;-78.8009503275103
White, star-like object at dusk over Cary;2012-05-07 21:00:00;5 minutes;White, star-like object at dusk over Cary I was driving home from work around 9pm, and the sky had just begun to darken.   As I crested the hill coming home on Davis drive, I saw what I thought was a distant plane above the tree line.  I watched it move from left to right, and I noticed when it stopped.   From the pause, it began to move up and down and then left and right some more, before falling slowly behind the trees.  I drove up to a hill to get a better view, but I lost sight of it.   As I was driving away, the object rose above the trees again, and I could see it in my rearview mirror. The object looked like a small, distant star.  It was white in colour, with no distinguishing marks.  The object seemed to be playing peek-a-boo with me, and I felt that it could see me just as clearly as I could see it.;35.7782056768558;-78.8009503275103
