Fireball inside a cloud on the ocean in the Bermuda Triangle area.;2001-06-05 21:00:00;At least 4 Min;Fireball inside a cloud on the ocean in the Bermuda Triangle area. I live on the Ocean in Florida.  I took out the dog at 9 PM and noticed a cloud about 5 miles out in the ocean East north East of our East facing condo that was all lit up from the inside as if a continous bolt of lightning was inside the cloud.  Then I saw a very intense light like a fireball come out of the cloud horizantaly to the West  then go back into it.  I ran and grabed my video camera and began taping this when a second cloud lit up.  The lights faded after a couple more minutes.  As I waited for the lights to return, I could hear a small airplane near by but could not see it.  Then it appeared in the street lights as it flew low over some houses south of hear.  The plane had NO lights and was coming from the direction of the clouds out in the ocean.  I had just enough time to point and film the airplane with the camera on night shot and focus set to infinity.  I went to play back the footage and see what I had captured.  There was only a small segmant of the cloud on the tape becuase the screen went blue.  Im certain I was taping because the adio footage of me and the neigbor talking is on the tape.  The screen was blue for the plane footage as well.;28.0217;-80.5395000000003
Strange fireball randomly appears over the ocean at dusk and after about a minute of hovering, expands, contracts and dissapears!;2005-06-15 20:00:00;1 minute;Strange fireball randomly appears over the ocean at dusk and after about a minute of hovering, expands, contracts and dissapears! I was camping with a boyfriend on the beach and we were actually in the midst of arguing when I looked up at the horizon to see a random, contained ball of fire burning brightly.  I told him to shut up and look, and we sat in silence, absolutely amazed. The fireball was just hovering over the ocean about a few miles from shore.  After a few seconds, little pieces of fire began to fall from the original fireball.  Then, as quickly as it appeared, it disappeared in the most peculiar way. The fireball expanded, contracted, and then just disappeared into thin air. There was no smoke, no other aircrafts in sight, there was not anything except for eerie silence.  We were so freaked out that we left the beach and went home.  We discussed the possibilities of an airplane crash, military experiments, falling stars, but nothing seemed to make sense.  It also just so happens that NASA headquarters at Cape Canaveral is a short 45-minute drive from Melbourne Beach.  We watched the news for days, waiting to hear some kind of mention of this bizarre incident.  We heard nothing.  I was provoked to make this report after two years because a good friend, who had previously heard my account in detail, called last night to tell me a friend of his just described a very similar event.  This event occurred even closer to The Cape and was observed by several other people and boaters, but was similar in its characteristics.  Apparently, this event began with an odd-shaped formation of light, and then proceeded to turn into a fireball before evaporating into thin air.  There were also in this case, other aircrafts chasing the object.  Again, there are no reports of this strange happening anywhere!  I am extremely interested in finding people who have witnessed similar occurrences. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));28.0217;-80.5395000000003
