4-5 tight circle red-white-green-blue BRIGHT lights over Morgan Hill;2007-12-23 21:00:00;2-3 minutes;4-5 tight circle red-white-green-blue BRIGHT lights over Morgan Hill Around 9:00pm last evening, I was looking out my window when I saw a very bright series of lights, somewhat in the shape of a tight circle.  You couldn’t see any space in between the lights at all.  It didn’t garner my attention initially since the final approach corridor for San Jose International Airport is over that general area.  But then I started to realize that it was much brighter than aircraft lights and didn’t have anti-collision lights, something that I can normally see on planes all the way to San Jose.  As I grew more curious, I realized it was not moving and seemed to be pretty low in the sky.  Ok, a helicopter, I thought.  However, there is a municipal airport about 3 miles away from me and I am familiar with all sorts of helicopters as that is where they normally stage aircraft for fighting the big wildfires up in the hills from me.  Ok, so what is it?  I’m officially very curious at this point and do a line-of-sight to see if it is just moving very slowly.  Nope.  Not moving.  The lights were what had my attention, as I’m watching I’m seeing white lights, a large red one in the center, and occasionally the flickering green or blue.  They were twinkling like starlight, but they were much larger than stars, lower in the sky than stars (fog was coming in over the hills) and so much brighter!  So now I’m thinking they must be having some sort of light show on El Toro Mountain, the large cone-shaped hill that most people think Morgan Hill got its name.  But that explanation didn’t sit well with me, it was truly very, very bright lights.  Then, as I’m watching, the series of lights cut in half, like someone had put up a card in my viewing and cut off the lower half of the object.  So now I’m telling myself, yes, it is a show on El Toro and they’re making their way to the other side of the hill, where I can no longer see them.  However, at that point, the lights dimmed greatly and it zipped off at a high rate of speed to the north.  Being familiar with the landing approaches of! aircraf t to San Jose, it was not on the flight path and the lights now were far dimmer than normal aircraft and there was still no anti-collision lights.  It was also much faster than any aircraft I’ve seen go down the corridor.  I’ve been pouring over the internet and newspapers this morning to see if anyone else reported something odd in the sky, because I am certainly curious to know what it was.  I couldn’t have been the only person admiring the night sky last night, and the object seemed to be over Morgan Hill and within sight of the 101 highway.  Thank you for the opportunity to report this (can’t wait to see what my IT guy thinks when he sees “UFO reporting form” in my internet search queries).;37.0914;-121.6067
