i heard a strange throbbing humming sound that made me freeze until it passed.;1988-06-15 00:00:00;about 2 minutes;i heard a strange throbbing humming sound that made me freeze until it passed. I believe this happened when i was about 6 years old...it may have been later or earlier than that. I truely do not remember...in fact I barely remember this experience. I was out in my grandmother's yard (she owned an acre of land at the time) and as i was playing i froze. there was a paralyzing sound all around me. It was like a throbbing hum and it felt like it was rubbing against my eardrums. I didn't move, all i could hear was the this one noise. I really don't know how to describe it, it was as if i were caught in a wall of sound. the noise soon passed and everything was back to normal. I told some of my family later on but no one really believed me. In wilmington illinois where this happened, there is an old army arsonal. I have no idea what happened that day.;41.3071;-88.1518
Object flying with blinking red light, flying erratic, hovering, then doin it again 3 X.;2008-09-01 20:47:00;35 minutes;Object flying with blinking red light, flying erratic, hovering, then doing it again 3 X. This is Labor Day Evening, Sept 1, 2008 at 8:47-9 02 PM Central Time.  Looking up at a clear sky I notice what I initially thought was a Blinking STAR.  After a couple of seconds, it started moving.  I immediately assume it was a jet.  It had white lights, with a blinking red light in the middle.  It was at a height that you would normally see a passenger plane that was so high, all you could see was the lights at night. I was about ready to dismiss it as a plane, when it seemed to change direction. Initially it was heading in a somewhat Western direction, then it sort of headed left, but not really a left turn, simply sort of veered left. The best example I can think of is like when you were a kid playing with one of those old  Etch a sketch toys. Until you got good at it, it was difficult to make turns or curves. It continues to go in different directions, left, right, then it seemed to stop for 5 seconds or so.  I knocked on the front window for my wife to come see.  She also noticed it.  She seemed to think that the red light was going in a circular direction, possibly clockwise.   We watched it until it was headed due south and disappeared over the neighbor’s tree line. I did not know who to call, so I hit Google and found your contact info.  Just prior to typing this report, I went back outside and sure enough, there it was again, in the exact same place as when I first noticed it as a blinking star.  It was moving back west again, but this time directly west, and seemed a bit quicker.  Again my wife seen it this 2nd time too. Although, I absolutely do believe in life other than on earth, I never seen a flying object that was this high, this bright, flying in erratic directions, and seem to hover, then a few minutes seem to be coming back and doing it all over. It is now just past 9:20 PM and it is once again heading in an erratic flight path, but in the SAME position as the 1st 2 time heading west.  Every once in a while, one of the white lights seem to blink bright enough to get your attention.  Then it disappears over the trees. Possible thoughts was a satellite.  It was way too high for any helicopter or smaller Cessna type plane.  Heading in too many weird directions for a large jet plane.  And unless there was several in a row, why was it retracing its direction at least 3 times.  That was when I seen it.  Who knows how long or many times it completed this exercise?   Please advise;41.3071;-88.1518
