The lights moved in unprecedented manuevers and speed and emitted other beams from them.;2002-02-21 21:30:00;Approx. 20 min;The lights moved in unprecedented manuevers and speed and emitted other beams from them. Traveling from Albuquerque, my granddaughters and I saw bright blue and orange lights flickering off and on, moving up and sideways and down in the western sky.  Two lights, one blue and one red either joined or the red followed closely behind the blue and streaked across the sky together EXTREMELY fast.  We stopped and rolled down our windows and there was no sound from the sky at all.  Another light appeared and I thought it might be an airplane investigating the phenomenon but suddenly a meteor-like lazer blue flash came from this object and streaked downwards for a second or two.  Two lights, one turning to return westward, came hurtling towards each other and we thought they were going to collide but when they met, one crossed behind the other and then both of them turned back and jolted across the sky.  All the lights traveled into one direction. . .northeastwardly. This experience was something I had never seen before and words cannot really do justice in describing it with mere words. Previously on two separate undated occasions (about four months apart), in the same area, I was traveling with relatives (the first time this happened) and the car was hit by three separate lazer-blue beams that were probably four to five feet in diameter. When I questioned the V.L.A. supervisor, (because this had happened close to their vacinity), I was told that it had been Game and Fish people spotting deer poachers.  They were definitely not regular spotlights.  They hit the car at about a 45 degree angle at approximately three second intervalsThe second time, my granddaughter, who had been with me the first time this happened, had the same experience. . Again, when the windows were rolled down, there was no sound at all. I am a 68 year old teacher with 46 years of teaching experience, presently employed at a high school in the New Mexico area. I feel that I am certainly a credible witness and would like some explanations of the phenomenon which I witnessed on these occassions.;34.0427;-108.0183
