A bright light was seen in the sky that remained stationary.  We lost track of it and then noticed a similar light in the northern sky.;2000-04-13 20:00:00;30 seconds;A bright light was seen in the sky that remained stationary.  We lost track of it and then noticed a similar light in the northern sky.  The light then faded away. It was an overcast day with no sky visible, just clouds.  My friend and I were driving north on 2nd Ave S in Waite Park, MN when I noticed bright white light in the western sky to my friend.  I commented on it and asked my friend 'what in the hell that was'.  He thought it might have been an airplane, but I thought it was too bright.  I took my eye off the object when we neared an intersection.  I lost track of the light and dismissed it as mildly unusual.  As we cleared the intersection, still headed north bound we both noticed an identical light in the northern sky.  It was easy to follow, because we were driving in that direction.  We watched the light for approximately 5 seconds when it seemingly lost its illumination slowly.  It seemed to take a couple of seconds for the light to disappear.  When it did there was no visual evidence of anything else in the sky, no aircraft, no nothing.  By the way the light dissapated I thought it might be some sort of flare, but there was no ascent or descent of the light, rather it seemed to just disappear.  It seemed possible that it may have been an aircraft, but the light was too bright and didn't seem to move and with the cloud cover being so great or distance of vision would have noticed a movement in an aircraft.  The light never blinked, but seemed to be greatly illuminated.  There were no towers or tall buildings in that area. In both cases the object appeared to be around 30 degrees ascension. I would have dismissed one strange light, but two in totally different areas of the sky in such short a length of time didn't make any sense to me or my friend.  The bright white light was not huge in diameter. It seemed bigger than an airplane light.  It was hard to gauge the distance, but like I mentioned earlier, it was overcast so it couldn't of been really far away. My witness and myself are in or mid 20's, don't do drugs, are sane individuals who witnessed something unusual.  Any feedback on other simmilar sightings, or some sort of explanation would be great!;45.5463000000013;-94.2262999999983
Green and orange lights shooting up into the sky.;2015-01-09 20:00:00;7 minutes;Green and orange lights shooting up into the sky. I was inside my bedroom and I live in an apartment so I looked out my bedroom window and across the street there is another building that is in my apartment complex area and above the roof there was in the distance 5 lights shooting straight up into the sky there were about 2 orange ones and 3 green lights.   I watched it for a while and it didn't appear to move then I went into the living room for a min and heard the snowplow come by my place I looked back outside my bedroom window and it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.5463000000013;-94.2262999999983
