Strange soundless objects and Streaking Lights over New Rochelle, NY;2005-11-20 20:30:00;4 hours;Strange soundless objects and Streaking Lights over New Rochelle, NY My friend and I were driving home when I we saw 4 lights that seemed to be in perfect alignment across the sky and very close to our location they were at approx. 1500-3000 feet.  When we got closer the lights now formed a perfect rectangle each light was .5 to 1.5 miles away from the other.  After hovering for about 1 minute, 2 of the lights slowly began moving out of the formation and the other two dissappeard.  These WERE NOT helicopters!  There was absolutely NO sound coming from them.  We traveled down the road another mile where we parked near my home in a large open parking lot.  At this time the sky became flooded with extremly low and slow flying as well as high altitude jets which seemed unusually quiet.  All of the jets seemed to be 737's and 767's and all had identical lights that I didnt recognize as commercial.  These jets were unusually quiet, had no window lights, and had dark colored paint schemes.  I believe the jets I saw were the aircraft in the following links http://www.fas.org/man/dod-101/sys/ac/e-767.htm http://www.fas.org/man/dod-101/sys/ac/e-737.htm  After about 10 minutes of watching these low and high flying jets, the strange objects returned.  Flying at about 1500 feet and making absolutely no sound, these craft seemed to move against all aerodynamic principles slowing down almost to a stop then suddenly speeding up extremely fast and reaching very high altitudes very quickly.  They had green red and white lights which pulsed in a bizarre sequence unlike any aircraft I've ever seen. After watching one of these craft for 2-3 minutes it dissappeared. My friend and I were looking in the direction that it disappeard when I looked away for a second and he screamed out  did you see that! He had seen a white ball of light streak across the sky (half the distance horizon to horizon) in the blink of an eye. 5 minutes later, one of the low flying dark jets was flying overhead when my friend and I saw one of the hovering craft with odd sequential lights about 1 mile away over a nearby golf course. I immediately looked to the dark jet that just flew overhead and it banked suddenly very hard right and accelerated towards the hovering craft we had just seen. After this the skies emptied and after about 20 minutes and there were absolutely NO airplanes in the skies overhead. We stayed outside for another hour staring at the sky when I saw what my friend had seen earlier. A small egg shaped light streaked halfway across the horizon at rediculous speed. The one I saw was horizontal and the one my friend saw shot upwards diagonally. I've seen shooting stars many times and I assure these were not. WHat really solidified my sighting for me as being at least unusual was that no more than 5 minutes after I saw the light flash, a military helicopter flew overhead at maybe 800 feet with the brightest search light on it that I've ever seen.;40.9153531645569;-73.7868575949367
fast, bright light overhead in lower westchester NY;2011-06-10 09:00:00;few seconds;fast, bright light overhead in lower westchester NY I was driving southbound on Pinebrook Blvd in New Rochelle.  I was 2 blocks before my house when I saw a bright light out of the corner of my eye I then looked right at it but it was very fast, just a ball of light basically.  The weather was warm and I had the windows open.  There was no sound but a very bright light that went from my right side to over my head and was gone in maybe a second.  It moved faster than any aircraft I have ever seen and I have been to air shows and after 911 there were several fly-byes from military craft and all of those made a lot of sound.   In addition it was very low to the ground and seemed to be not too much higher than the homes nearby, it was gone out of sight in no time at all.   What I saw, however brief, made no sound whatsoever.   I am unsure of the exact date but I know it was beginning of this summer.  I have thought about it a lot and finally decided, although it is probably no help to you, that I would mention it. ((NUFORC Note:  Source indicates that the date indicated above is approximate.  PD));40.9153531645569;-73.7868575949367
