Short Rainbow with a vortex appearing cloud and formation of 11 UFO’s;2019-10-12 16:41:00;?;Short Rainbow with a vortex appearing cloud and formation of 11 UFO’s I was taking a picture of the unusual rainbow and circular clouds behind it from our back porch and accidentally caught these saucers flying in formation. My husband also witnessed it and he has never believed in UFO’s, until now. We are both professionals in our fields.;30.4420934426231;-97.6338683606563
Hovering, shapeshifting object becomes a sold white oval.;2021-02-02 11:15:00;7 minutes;Hovering, shapeshifting object becomes a sold white oval. I was on a delivery route in Pflugerville, Texas.  It was 11:15 in the morning, 60 degrees with a beautiful blue sky.  I pulled into an apartment complex off of the 35 freeway and saw something white floating/hovering in the sky to the north.  I stopped in the driveway of the complex to focus on the object.  It looked like a white plastic bag tossing in the wind, morphing in shape the way a bag would morph in the wind, but it was staying in the same spot, at about a 45 degree angle up and what looked like maybe one or two miles away.  Unable to figure out what it was, I pulled the rest of the way into the parking lot and got out, hoping it wouldn’t disappear in the 30 seconds it took to do that.  It was still there, still in the same spot, still morphing or flopping about.  I thought, ‘that can’t be a plastic bag, as it’s too far away for it to be as big as i see it’ (a little smaller than a dime held at arms length) - it would have to be an enormous plastic bag if that were the case.  So i thought, ‘okay, is it a paraglider twisting and turning?’  but it never showed itself to be that.  I can usually get that figured out pretty quickly as they move about.  So no, it wasn’t that.  After a couple of minutes of watching it and wondering what it was, it stopped morphing and became a stable, hovering, oval-shaped white object.  I couldn’t tell if it was a light, or if it was just a bright white object reflecting off the sun against the blue sky.  I got my phone to try to take a video, but after a few seconds I knew I wasn't going to get it (plus I don’t know how to work the zoom on my phone, if there is one), so i gave that up and just observed it.  A couple of apartment complex workers came up to see what i was looking at.  I point it out to them and one of them said, It’s a plane.  I responded, No, that’s not a plane, and they leave.  At this point I noticed that it seemed to be getting further away, like it was receding away from me - it wasn’t moving left or right, and it stayed at the same 45 degree angle up in the sky, but it was getting smaller, like it was moving directly away from me, all the while still a solid white oval.  I thought it must be 10 or so miles away now, so I called my brother in Round Rock, Texas, ten miles north of where I was at, and told him what I was seeing and asked him to go out to see if he also could see it.  He went out but couldn't find it.  I continued to watch it for a few more minutes and watched as it got smaller and smaller, still apparently moving directly away from me, until it looked just like a bright star in the clear daytime sky, far enough away now that I couldn’t see the oval shape to it anymore.  I decided to make the delivery that I was scheduled to make at the apartment complex.  It took about five minutes to do so, and when I finished, I tried to locate the object again, but couldn’t find it.  There was no sound associated with the object that I could hear.  The length of time of my observation was about 7 minutes.  In that amount of time, I think I should have been able to identify what I was looking at, eventually seeing wings, or movement, or a change in course that would have allowed me to see it from a different perspective and know what it was.  That never happened.;30.4420934426231;-97.6338683606563
