Strange object with multiple swirling colors moves slowly over city for almost a week. 2nd object with 3 round light appears in photos.;2019-10-11 20:00:00;45 minutes;Strange object with multiple swirling colors moves slowly over city for almost a week. 2nd object with 3 round light appears in photos.     There's been something passing over Jefferson City, Mo for 3 out of the last 4 nights (raining last night, couldn't get outside). It's been between 8-9 o'clock central time every night. It looks like a star at first but if you look at it for any period of time you can see flashing changing swirling colors (red,blue,white from a distance). There's no discernible shape. It hovers and moves almost imperceptibly over the city for about an hour until it's finally out of view.    I don't have a great camera on my phone (same for hubby), but we have a telescope so we checked it out. He was able to get a good view of it in the telescope and he freaked out a little which is extremely out of character. He's skeptical of everything but this thing shook him up. He said it looked like images and colors imploding (swirling like worms) into eachother. I have 3 videos and 2 pictures from night 3, not great quality but who knows what cleaning it up might do. I didnt notice until I watched the videos this morning but when it is over a building with a large light, the light gets very very bright suddenly and stays that way for several seconds.     On the second night, a helicopter circled it and flew away. I could see the helicopter directly behind it, just for some spacial perspective. The flashing thing is completely silent, the helicopter sounded like a helicopter. It's doesn't look huge but it's visible from miles away. If it's a drone it's like nothing I've ever seen.     I noticed in the pictures to the upper left of the main (orb) object of focus are 3 round lights that first form a triangle and in the next picture are in a straight line. We were unable to see these with the naked eye. Also, if you magnify the object in the clearest photo, there appears to be 2 rectangular lights, the bottom light appears to be reflecting of what's directly below it.;38.5683400000001;-92.2209015999997
