Wedge shaped silver object;1970-07-01 07:00:00;Several minutes;Wedge shaped silver object My name is... I am 58 years old and now live in the U.S.  As a child I had an encounter with something almost 50 years ago in Canada.  This encounter has had me intrigued with UFOs ever since. As a child I grew up in Chateauguay Quebec and back then it was a small town outside of Montreal.  My grandparents lived several blocks from my parents home and I would go and see my grandparents every Saturday morning for a glass of Coke.  I’m not sure of the year but I will say between 1970 or 1971. It was on that morning that I was riding my bike to my grandparents home.  What I thought was unusual was I seemed to be the only one outside at that time so I’m guessing it was early in the morning.  No one out on the streets or working on their lawns as I could best remember.  The sun was up, so maybe 7am. As I got to the end of my street, I cut across a lot or piece of property no bigger than an acre.  When I got to the sidewalk I heard a strange sound, more like an unusual sound.  It was noticeable enough that I shook my head side to side like when you have water in your ears or an infection.  To me the only way I can explain it was...it sounded like the hum from an old refrigerator. That sound to this day, although with time, does not bother me as it did when I was younger but nevertheless when I hear a similar sound it takes me back to that day or should I say that morning. After pedaling a hundred yards or so I stopped my bike and I had an impression to look up and when I did, I saw a ship floating above my head.  I’m guessing on the height from me to the ship, but across the street were 3 story buildings and this ship was a little higher than that, only directly over me.  I’m only 8 or 9 at the time but I told myself, “why is it not falling”. I did not hear a sound except for the hum.  Not at any time was I afraid.  As a matter of fact I was excited, or perhaps in shock. What I saw defies all description.  It was wedged in shape and all 3 corners were rounded. When I say wedged I mean it was longer to the front, a smooth surface.  I could see the outer rim of the ship was rounded, not sharp edges you would see on a flap on the wing of a plane.  The belly of the ship was flat, and I didn’t see landing gear or lines to see where the wheels would come out during landing.  I’m guessing that this ship was the size of a jet fighter.  It was silver and what I remember most about the ship was at each point of the wedge were half dorm lights on the bottom that shown bright.  A brilliant white light to be exact.  The back end almost looked serrated, like a saw blade.  As an adult now I can say there were no commercial or military markings.  I watched in amazement as it went higher and higher but ever so slow, like it floated on air.  I only saw the under belly so I can’t describe it anymore than what I saw.  How long was I there watching?  I’m not sure. Years later at my father's funeral in Calgary in 2016, I met my younger brother whom I hadn't seen in 30 years and I asked him if he remembered the UFO to which he said. “You wouldn’t stop talking about it that summer”  I wanted confirmation.  I knew I hadn’t seen things but just his remarks reassured me I wasn’t crazy.  He continued. “You came and got Jeff and I and took us back to where you saw this thing. You were excited and made us look for UFOs all that day.”  The story got even stranger years after.  My older brother takes me out to lunch and after hearing some heart wrenching life stories of his own he tells me of the time our late aunt Burnie saw what she described to him as a wedged shaped UFO going down the center of our street in Chateauguay on a blizzardy night roughly the same time period, first part of the seventies, only her encounter happened in the winter.  She saw the blinking lights through the window of our home on Mercier Street in Chateauguay Quebec, thinking it was an emergency vehicle only to be gripped with fear to see a ship moving down the street, floating 10 or so feet above the ground and traveling at a slow rate of speed before it disappeared into the snow wall.  The ship seemed to be what I saw but I did not notice any other colour of lights but white.  I never told my older brother about this event until that day.  I was ! floored to hear that someone else saw what I did but regrettably she passed away in 1996 and I never had the chance to speak with her about the event.;45.3698219512196;-73.7414390243902
