Gray metallic looking object  with multiple colors around  the edges & a transparent red haze around it, moving rapidly 1/3/12 @10:30p;2012-01-03 22:30:00;1 min;Gray matalic looking object  with multiple colors around  the edges and a transparent red haze around it, moving rapidly 1/3/12 @10:30p Dear Sir,  This is about an object I caught on camera on Jan 3rd 2012 at 10:30pm.  This object showed up, in-between the moon and Jupiter, while I was trying to get a pretty shot of a very big cloud ring the moon and a star (or planet).  I really believe that someone in authority aught to take a look at these pictures.   There are 5 of them taken in a span of 1 to 2 minuets, the object is moving away quite rapidly and has a strange red, round, fog or thin haze (or a aurora) around it and gets further away in each pic. I still have the pictures on my phone, if needed, (wish it would have been a regular camera) never the less I down loaded them on my pc and magnified them in photoshop 7 and you should really look into this, in the first picture it looks like the moon is reflecting off of it on one side and has a shadow on the opposite side, I don’t believe it’s a weather balloon and it’s definitely not just a satellite or airplane. I caught this by accident and couldn’t see it ! with the naked eye, but saw it on the view screen of the first picture, so I aimed in the camera in the same vicinity and caught it 4 more times as it moved away from the area of the moon and planet. When magnified with software it has all kinds of colors, in shot 4 it has moved far to the right and is totally green in color. I managed to find it in picture # 5 if I added some brightness and contrast and again it’s totally green with colors around the edges. Nothing I try gets the same effect out of the moon or planet so it’s not the lens or software causing it. To try and explain any further would make it sound like a farce. God as my witness (and I take that pretty serious) this is not a hoax or doctored pictures. The pictures I’ll send are untouched, I made copies and that’s the ones I used to enhance. If I need to I would send the entire phone to an authority to validate. I’m 52 fairly educated and watch the skys quite often but have never seen any thing like this. I do! n't know if it’s a UFO but I would sure like to have some one ! tell me what it is. Contact me back and I’ll gladly give my phone number if you want a better explanation about it after you take a look at the pics.;38.0147;-87.0282
