many disks/ lights seen through night detection, then an actual large dish object appears;2021-08-25 02:35:00;20 minutes;many disks/ lights seen through night detection, then an actual large dish object appears To start, I am reporting this about 90 mins after witnessing the event. This event took place at work (largest nuclear power plant in the nation, located west of Phoenix, AZ) The night is clear, full moon, not airplanes in the area (restricted air space). At about 0235 hours, I was on top of one of the main building roofs (I’m apart of facilities “protection”) I was walking around to stretch my legs. I noticed a light from a distant mountain, so I took out special night enhancing opticals (I can’t say exactly what they are, it would be a breach of security). The light proved to be nothing, but for the heck of it. I took the optical and looked at the moon to see how it would display. When I did this, I saw what appeared two circles or dish flying by the moon. I looked without the optical and saw nothing. I once again looked through the optical and saw them again. I watched them head northwest flying in aridic behavior. One made a right angle turn while the other went out of view.  I ran over to the office/post on the roof to get my partner. He came out with his opticals and we both started looking for these objects/lights. We located three far west over the mountain range. These objects/lights would speed up and slow down, disappear and reappear through our optical at no point in time could we see these with the naked eye. My partner then discovered a spot in the sky were there were many in one location. We estimated them to be about 10 to 15 thousand feet in the sky, we also eliminated the possibly of them being aircraft, bats, owls, drones, etc, because the right angle turns, speeding up and slowing down, we even googled how high can bats and owls’ flight. Lastly, one mode of vision on our opitcals allows us to see edges of objects these were clearly round.  After about 15 mins of watching these objects in the highly populated spot, we took a break from using the optical because of strain on our eyes and necks hurting from looking almost directly up. As we took our break, we looked back to the spot with only our eyes and one of disks appears. The disk appeared to be semi translucent made no noise traveled from northwest to the southeast. There were no lights on it, but the surface appeared to look jellyfishy. We both think either the dish was picking up light from the facility or the moon, which allowed us to see it. (leaning more to facility light, because when the dish started flying over the open dark desert, we lost sight of it) The was the agreed description among us. The dish literally appeared out of nowhere and quickly faded out of sight. While it was moving, I yelled to my partner who had his optical still on. He quickly looked at it under “edge mode” and he said it looked like a donut. We estimated the object to be no ! higher than 8 to 10 thousand feet, while the other objects were now thought to be 30 to 40 thousand feet.  We both once again looked at the spot where we say many flighting around and there were only a few, plus they were flighting very slowly or were floating. After several more minutes when by the remaining high-altitude object disappeared. During this event I was able to take my cell phone place into the optic to video record and take a series of photos of the many objects, I was not able to get the picture of the actual dish but did get another series of photos of some type of light/dish appear in photos moving but can be seen with the naked eye. These photos and video are available on request.;33.4228;-112.9528
