I-10 W of Tonapah AZ and Highway 85 S I watched3 golf ball sized lights QQQ being observed by ajet (half the size of a tack head) 20:;1997-03-14 20:00:00;25 minutes;Summary : I-10 W of Tonapah AZ and Highway 85 S I watched3  golf ball sized lights QQQ being observed by ajet (half the size of a tack head) 20:25 lightsshut off and object disappeared, jet headed S towards BarryGoldwater USAF base, without any noise. March 14, 1997  I took Highway 95 south to I-10. That decision led to the most thought provoking and unexplainable incident ive ever encountered in the night sky.  I-10 just west of Tonapah AZI noticed an unusually bright, white light directly ahead.  I wondered what it was. It was brighter than the stars, and too high for a tower light, no skyscrapers in this area, mentally I eliminated what it wasn't.  Ithought I was moving towards the object, but in fact it was moving towards me.  Maybe it was the Hale-Boppcomet, but no traveling light.  I thought I would soon discover the origin of the slowly growing white light.I had been watching the object for a good 10 minutes.  Im not sure whether I blinked and missed something orthe object just moved up very fast.  I could see that the bright white light was a cluster of 3 lights.  Itmoved to the far left as if circling and moved out in front but below the cluster object.  I assumed thiswas something examining the larger object, possibly an USAF jet.  My mind curiously questioned,if the smallerobject is a jet what in the world could the big thing be?  The smaller craft (size of a tack)  stayed out frontfor a while.  Then it moved around to the right.  I assumed it was making a full circle check of the light clusterwhich appeared to be the size of three lined up golf balls, intensly bright lights.  The smaller craft was a fewinches in the night sky, to the right and due south of the cluster when the lights turned off.  I watched the smallcraft make a wide ark turn to the right.  It headed south towards Mexico,towards Barry Goldwater USAF base. I checkedmy watch 8:25pm I watched for a good 20 minutes.  Not until the lights abruptly shut off had I allowed myself to thinkof this as a UFO mystery. Where was the noise?  Then the reality hit me, I had seen the stealth bomber a dozen timesand its baby bird next to this;33.4228;-112.9528
