((HOAX??))  WE ARE NOT ALONE ALIEN CONTACT, AND CONVERSATION July10, 2009!;2009-07-10 10:30:00;30 minutes;WE ARE NOT ALONE ALIEN CONTACT, AND CONVERSATION July10, 2009!   Last night july 1, 2009, while in tonopah arizona, near the palo verde nuclear plant. We saw a very large triangle shaped UFO. we were driving down a dirt raod, and saw a bright flashing light. we were in the middle of nowhere, when driving down a dirt road, when we saw a flashing light.  we had seen objects here before, and our intentions were to look for ufo's, this is a hot spot. people who live in this area have been chased in there cars, seen objects on a regular basis. It was 10:30pm, we went off road behind some mountains, no sooner had we come around the moutain, we saw the large flashing light. All of us were scared, but at the same time curious. my friends girlfriend was crying and telling us to turn around. we got withing 2 to 300 yards from the light. It was the size of 3 football fields. it was triangle in shape, and windows around it. it was about 3 stories tall, and about 30 feet offf the ground. we flashed our lights and it flashed back, in the same sequence of flashes. my friend James and I gout out and walked closer. the closer we got, the better we could make out what was standing in the windows. there were small big headed aliens, and then 7-to 9foot tall aliens. we based this off the size of the windows. some of the windows you could see through, the other windows were dark, but then the dark windows, cleared up one by one, and as they went clear more and more aliens appeared through the windows. James was video taping the whole time. it was a sureal expierience. i was terrified, but excited at the same time! we walked closer and had to stop because the heat coming from the craft was so intense. the craft hovered and then landed. a large pannel at the bottom of the craft opened, and then two aliens proceeded to walk out. this absolutely terrified us more, but we couldn't move or talk. i remember trying to scream, and say run, but we couldn't move, or talk. Heather and Jamie were in the car honking the horn screming to come back, but we couldn't respond or move. the a! liens wa lked up to within 20 feet of us. one of them was very thin and tall, bout 8-9 feet, the other one was about 3-4 feet. we stood there in amazement, shock because we couldn't move or speak. Then a calmness came over us they were speaking to us telepathically. they were saying not to be scared they weren't going to harm us. i remember asking why they were here in my head, and they heard what i was thinking. this conversation went on between the 4 of us for 15-20 minutes. they said they were here to help us, so that we would not destroy our planet, and that there was a horrible event coming soon, that it had to be stopped. james asked if it was something like 911, they commented no bigger, and it would come from the middle east. I was thinking to myself like I had been in this situation before, and the tall alien heard my thoughts, and repeated my name. he said yes henry you have been visited like this before, and he told me. when you were 6 in deming new mexico, you were in the desert exploring, and we talked to you then. I had blocked this out, but it all came back.  they said they new we were coming, and wanted us to warn people of global warming and what was to come if we didn't start taking care of our planet. visions of disaster entered our head, as if to show us what was to come, if we didn't warn people. the taller alien walked closer, and held my hand, and I was no longer scared, neither was James. He said that he would see him again soon, and to warn people about saving aour planet, to both James and I. James was recording the whole time. they turned returned to the craft, and it was gone in a split second. when the craft left, we both fell over like weak, stood up and made our way back to the car. when we got there Heather and Jamie weren't crying anymore, they just hugged us. when we got in the car, it wouldn't start. so we sat there for a minute, and then it just turned on, by its self. like if things couldn't have gotten any wierder. as we started to drive away, three military helicopters apper! eaed, an d were shining light on us. then  5 military hummers showed up, and a chased us. I told James to hide the camera, Jamie and heather started crying. LUke airforce base is about 10 miles away from where were at. I tried running, but over a speaker they told us to pull over or they would be foreced to shoot at us. we pulled over, and military soldiers surrounded the car. Two men dressed in black, opened the door, and asked us to get out. One of them looked like I had seen him before. He asked us to get out and both men in black questioned us, while the military personell searched the car. the men in black asked us what we saw, how long we were there, what we were doing there, if we had any contact with the alien craft. the size, shape, what we saw, if they communicated with us. we answered no to everything, and then one of the soldiers found the video camera. The men in black reviewed it, and said we were not to speak of this. they took the camera, and took me with them. James, heather, and jamie asked where they were taking me, and they said don't worry about it. I left with them and they questioned me in the car. I kept looking at the one man dressed in black because i had seen him before. He asked why i kept starring at him, and said do i look familiar, scared I said no. they questioned me more, on what they said to me, and if I had ever seen or expirenced this before. I said no, and the at the I-10 highway, by the tonopah joes resturant, they let me out and then they were gone. i called James on his cell phone and they picked me up. it was a crazy night, but i had to report this. if anything happens to me James, will contaact someone, at your facility. our evidence is gone, but this really happened. we questioned people who lived in the area this morning, and they all saw the craft, and all the military soon after. this morning while questioning people who lived in the area, they all said that the military helicopters were flying over early in the direction from where they saw the craft. we drove down t! he I-10 to where we turned off of and there were military soldier who had the road blocked off, and helicopter flying to and from that area, so we aren't crazy, and there are 4 of us who wittnessed this, along with the people who live in the area who saw the craft. we talked to 15 people who lived in the area and all, but one saw the craft, the other one an old lady said she was asleep, but was woken up by the mititary heleicopters, and they have been going back and forth since midnight last night. I hope my story opens peoples eyes, and they see we are not alone, and the aliens are just trying to help us save our planet, and live peacefully. We are going back again tonight, but taking a different road, I will keep you updated. ((name deleted));33.4228;-112.9528
Lights Observed Over Nuclear Generating Station;2020-03-01 20:30:00;15-20 minutes;Lights Observed Over Nuclear Generating Station Hello, I live Tonopah Arizona, which happens to be within ten miles of the nations largest nuclear generating station – Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station.  I have observed many strange lights/objects in the sky since I moved into this area in 1996. Tonopah is about 40 miles west of downtown Phoenix. My children grew up here in Tonopah and have also witnessed many strange occurrences in our night skies.  I am not writing today to report a recent event. I was not aware there was such an entity as the UFO Center for reporting until I watched the documentary by Dr. Lynne Kitei called ‘Phoenix lights’.  I do not recall seeing this UFO, nor did my children report seeing this specific event, dated March 13, 1997.  What I am reporting today is the continual sightings around the Palo Verde area in general. From my observations the visits continue to be in the March and October timeline of the year, however, that’s not to say previous observations were not made during other months of the year.  Fact: Palo Verde down-powers one of the three power generating units to refuel and complete required maintenance every March/April and October/November on a permanent basis. Observation: Nuclear power would most likely be of great interest to other life forms outside our world.  If others worlds are observing earth, powering down and then powering up nuclear generators could attract their interest or attention.  I have never tracked or reported any of the 10+ sightings I have observed, at any time, in the past 25 years. I simply acknowledged that there are extraterrestrials and go about my life.  The last sighting for me was in March, 2020.  I have a direct view of Palo Verde from my backyard.  There is nothing but flat desert from my backyard to the corner where Palo Verde is situated about ten miles away.  At night, it looks like a city, all lit up and naturally, we look at it nightly.  One night, while sitting at the table with my husband, both of us looking out towards Palo Verde, three lights appear suddenly in our field of vision. They are directly above Palo Verde, high up in the sky.  I ask my husband if he see’s the lights – Yes. We both see the lights. There are three round lights in a triangle formation, each light equally distanced from the other.  We watch, we watch, perhaps watching for at least 5 minutes, when suddenly one of the lights just fade away.  So now there are only two lights, still equally distanced. We continue watching. We both have our phones, and with the camera’s, we take a couple pictures.  However, there is nothing on the picture that is identifiable. The lights are too far away to be captured on an I-phone camera, it’s just a speck in the background.  I grab the binoculars. Now I can clearly identify the lights in the sky. I observe halos of colors (amber, green, blue)  that surround each of the circles of light. The lights aren't moving. Not at all. They are stable and steady.  I give the binoculars to my husband, and he watches the lights.  There are still only two lights at this time.  Again, I look through the binoculars and as I am watching the lights, the third light slowly comes back and now I see three equally glowing lights again.  We continue to observe the lights until they disappeared suddenly from the sky. One minute they are there, the next gone, just disappeared.  However, we continue watching.  A minute or two later, the lights re-appear, but they have moved to a different position in the sky. They were directly in front of us last time, and this time they are to our right.  We continued to observe three round lights in a triangle formation, each light equally distanced from the other.  The whole observation was at least 10-15 minutes long.  Again, I saw what I saw, acknowledged that there is extraterrestrials and we both went about life, never reporting anything to anyone.  But one never fully forgets what we have observed in the Tonopah sky at night.  I have many of these stories, my kids have stories, I’m sure others here in Tonopah have seen ‘something’ as well.  What I can say today is that the very next time this type of phenomenon is observed in the Tonopah sky, I will be sure to report it on your web-site asap! If someone were interested in setting up a good camera in hopes of getting some video, I certainly have the place to do it!;33.4228;-112.9528
