saw disk shaped object out of window;1974-09-01 21:00:00;5 seconds;saw disk shaped object out of window I read a report from goshen, IN (one of the earlest on the indaina board) that remided me of something I saw around the same time. Bremen is a town that is west south west of goshen, about 35-40 miles. I lived at the sothern edge in an old two story house.  I was very young, 5th grade to be exact. I was in bed, my bed faced a large (door sized) window in the room. I dont know what made me sit up and look out the window (from the bed) I saw a very large object moving across the sky with a slight tilt to it nose up, it had a green light on the front, a white on the rear. (it was dark and I could only see in sillowette)Inbetween what I thought was two plates  was an area of red windows for lack of a better term. as it passed by my window its windows had a bright red light that had trailing lights,(they would progressivly get dimmer going around the ship (6 steps or so), the bright red light was moving around the disk shape.the whole event only lasted for a few seconds. I was so frightend by it that I tried to screem out to my mom and sister, but nothing came out. after a few minutes I went down to tell them. they thought I was dreaming or something, I know I wasn't  I have seen a lot of strange things, I never saw this again, or any aircraft like it. it was unlike a helocopter, moving to slow for an airplane that low, and it was big I would say it took up atleast two window widths.  years later (1980) myself and two friends where in the old church yard,( a place we played) I had saw some geese fly over, ( a fun trick to play on someone) the geese bellies reflect the town light faintly, so it looks like a UFO and they often fly in a V formation ...tee hee. well anyway we were out in the back of the church, very dark there. it wasn't long before we all three saw an aircraft moving at an unbelievable rate of speed, it passed over head in less than 6 seconds (missle fast). it left a very unusual con trail (billowing cotton that we could see at night) moving from east to west. it had no lights and made no sound, no boom (it was moving fast enough it should have), no engine noise, nothing. I assume it might have been a stelth test or something, it had that shape to it. triangular. for years (15) when ever we would run into each other (steve would alway mention that night). again never saw anything like it until the stelth fighter came out, but what we saw was bigger than that.  heads up. eyes open. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.4528;-86.2004
