Me and my friend decided to drive to the top of a hill tonight to see the stars, because it was pretty clear. The things we saw looked;2010-08-11 23:00:00;30 mins;Me and my friend decided to drive to the top of a hill tonight to see the stars, because it was pretty clear.  The things we saw looked like stars but they were moving rapidly across the sky, much faster than a jet. We watched them until they eventually got dim and disappeared.  We saw them one after another.  Each one was in our vision for about 4 minutes.  The last one we saw eventually slowed down and started to zig zag like crazy.  They were all going north to south or south to north. One other interesting thing was the airplanes that were out. They were constantly going back and forth across the sky. They had one bright red light on the left side that was constant, and a strange pattern of white lights blinking.  One was low enough for us to see, and it was a triangle shape, like a b-2 bomber.;35.9261;-92.6386
Multiple fast moving, pulsing objects doing crazy maneuvers.;2020-06-17 22:00:00;20 minutes;Multiple fast moving, pulsing objects doing crazy maneuvers. During a gathering of friends three of us went out to look at the night sky. We heard a C130 passing over us which is not uncommon. As we looked at the sky I noticed what I thought was a satellite, but it began flashing and was moving much quicker than a satellite would.  When I saw another one, I asked my friends if they saw it to . They also saw it. They were pulsing yellow/orange lights. We looked to the west and saw the C130 shooting out flares.  We looked back at the pulsing objects and there were at least six coming from different directions.  They were in the upper atmosphere and completely silent, moving faster and in ways I’ve never seen a normal aircraft move.  I called my other friends over so they could see it to.  The objects began making maneuvers and formations for about 15 minutes.  Definitely not typical military formations, more like sacred geometry.  Toward the end, two of the objects began to fly at each other in a perfect arc that must have started miles away from each other at very high speed.  At the last moment the one on the left shot up and out of the way of the other at a crazy speed. They all left in different directions and it was like nothing ever happened.;35.9261;-92.6386
