A triangular craft, disguised as three stars, slowly glided for 20 secs untill it went into some cloud coverage. HUGE!!;2005-05-01 03:38:00;20 seconds;A triangular craft, disguised as three stars, slowly glided for 20 secs untill it went into some cloud coverage. HUGE!! Hey PETER,  I saw my first TRIANGULAR UFO last night. I was delivering newspapers, and at 3:38 am, nature called...... so i looked up at the sky while on break. the night was vey cloudy in patches over rochester MICH. In a clear section of the sky aprx 60-75 degrees i spotted some stars. I didnt know what constellation i was looking at, but after 10 seconds 1 of the stars started moving.  I thought wow that PLANE is waaaay up there.  but then another star followed the first. then i said what in the heck is that?  Then a third Star followed the second star. Peter, I realized I was staring at a triangular craft, at first on its side, then it slowly turned, and i saw the triangular formation.  Now i am pretty sure it was one craft. The lights on the craft was as bright as a small star, You had to STARE at it to even see it. there were 3 lights, one on each angle of the craft.  there was no middle light that i could see.  The craft had no color.  It look like it was tranparent, or the color of the sky. If it wasn't one craft then it was 3 lights in a Triangular formation. I saw it slowly glide for about 20 seconds before i lost it in the heavy cloud cover. The LIGHTs NEVER BLINKed, NOR FLASHED.  like i said THEY looked like 3 stars. Whatever it was it sure used the night sky as CAMOFLOGUE.  I hope you can use this.  I am i huge Art bell fan and a big fan of yours.  I also saw a huge orange pulsating orb, back in 96 or 97 in oxford michigan.  thanks a lot, ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witness might have observed a triplet of U. S. Navy NOSS satellites.  We will watch for other similar reports, in order to establish whether this cluster of satellites is currently in orbit.  PD));42.6791258064515;-83.1501148387097
Black triangle in Rochester, Michigan;2010-11-16 17:57:00;3 minutes;Black triangle in Rochester, Michigan This is a text dump from the MUFON report I filed. I will also add more detail at the bottom. Driving northbound on Rochester road at Hamlin (see attached map), I saw about a mile ahead of me two VERY bright, yellow-white lights close together.  The lights were very different from the street lights, car lights, and building lights in the area.  All those lights looked washed out compared to the floating lights.  The floating lights were also significantly brighter and larger in diameter. At first I thought they were landing lights from a plane flying really low.  As I approached I realized the lights were stationary and then thought it must be lights on the end of a high pole - perhaps they're having a carnival in the parking lot of the mall again.   As I came to a stop in the left-hand turn lane at Rochester and Avon, It was about 20 or 30 yards away (west and slightly north) and about 4 stories up... and still not moving.  I keep thinking to myself, I can't be the only one seeing this. The thing that stood out most was how I had traveled a mile with this thing in full view and it never appeared to move at all.  No wavering, nothing, even when I was right next to it. It was just hanging there steady in the same spot. At this point, I could make out a third light, and the three lights formed a triangle, but I could not see anything between the lights at all.  I pulled out my iphone and shot 3 pictures, but only 2 came out (not very well, either.  I have an iphone 3g so it's not HD). After about 10 seconds it started to move south.  It didn't accelerate, it just started moving at a slow, constant rate.  As it moved over the parking lot to my left (west), I could CLEARLY see its shape since the ground lights were illuminating it from below.  It was a triangle with equal lengths on all sides and appeared to have no markings at all just a flat, grayish surface with lights on the each end.  I could not tell how thick it was.  As it moved, the lights faded to nothing over the span of about 6 seconds and then I couldn't see it at all even though it was fairly close. FYI, it was raining slightly and there was a slight haze in the air. This may be unrelated, but when I crossed the road two miles back  I saw four police cars with lights and sirens blaring as they drove through the intersection of Rochester and Auburn roads.  Two continued west and two turned south. Additional notes:  The lights on the craft barely show up on the photo although, to my eye, they were really bright, glowing balls of a diameter larger than the parking lot lights.  Strange that they barely show. Also, the lights were constant the whole time: no flickering, pulsing, etc. until they shut off one-by-one. I can't emphasize enough the strangeness of how this thing was just parked in mid air.  It was just hanging there completely still. Friends have been asking whether it made any noise.  I didn't hear anything but since it is a busy intersection I'm not surprised.  Although, you'd think if it was a jet that I would have heard a loud, high pitched noise, but I didn't. Also, the three lights were not underneath the object but appeared to be on the sides.  I couldn't tell how tall it was because the lights didn't reflect off the black surface. In retrospect, that's pretty strange too.  And I don't remember seeing the lights reflect off anything in the environment, but I probably didn't notice because I was watching this thing so closely.;42.6791258064515;-83.1501148387097
