Three different color orb light over Neosho, MO to Wyanedotte, OK;2019-11-24 18:00:00;30 minutes;Three different color orb light over Neosho, MO to Wyanedotte, OK I seen three lights in the sky before getting off work. It was around 6:00 to 6:15 when I saw these lights through our front store windows. One was yellow and another was blue and the other was green. They hovered in the sky for the 15 mins as I was locking down the store as I continue to drive they disappeared in a blink of an eye. I kept looking in the sky to see where it went, as I drove about four mins into town to get in the highway they were there again in the sky in a triangular formation. As I tried to get in a safe position to get a picture of it with my phone it took off again with no sound or anything.  As it take me almost an hour to get home, I continued to look towards the sky hopefully to see these lights again.  As I got closer to the state line of OK I had seen them again in the same triangle formation then the lights separated from each other making movements I have never seen a plane do or anything do in the matter of fact.  As I pulled my ph! one out and started taking shots of whatever was in the sky they started fly around Erratically I was only to capture the yellow light and a glimpse of the green light and right before making my turn towards home they were gone again. I kept looking in the sky the rest of the ride home and did not see it again. As soon as I got home I wanted to tell my family what I had seen and before I could say anything they said they had seen the same thing. Which is totally impossible because I had seen this in the opposite direction my home is and they Describe exactly what I had seen right before I took the turn towards home which is almost 35 mins away. They said it moved quickly around and did not make a sound and they looked like orbs in the sky three different colors yellow, blue and green. This is not the first time I have seen something like this. I was told to make a report on it or call the police station and the last thing I want is people thinking I am crazy. I am not crazy! this is something people need to know.;36.8682;-94.3934
