On the night of Dec. 13th while watching the meteor shower, I saw a large, silent, and completely dark object travel across the sky.;2004-12-13 22:00:00;20 seconds;On the night of Dec. 13th while watching the meteor shower, I saw a large, silent, and completely dark object travel across the sky. While out watching the meteor shower, I noticed a distortion in the sky.  The sky was clear, no clouds in any direction.  I noticed something traveling through the sky from south to north over our town.  I was able to track the object because the stars would disappear from view as it traveled in front of them and then would reappear as the object moved on.  The object was completely dark.  There were no lights anywhere on it, at least as seen from my angle of view on the ground.  It made no sound, despite its large size.  I waited for several minutes after it was out of sight for a delayed sound, but I never heard anything from it.  Its altitude is difficult to determine however, it appeared to be at least several thousand feet high.  Its size was about 6 times as large as what a 747 looks like when it is at 30,000 feet.  When the object was near overhead, I was able to make out its shape against the sky despite the fact that both sky and object were dark.  It was roughly oval or egg shaped, but had a pylon or similiar structure on either side of it.  I tracked the oject for about 15-30 seconds as it moved from about 40 degrees above the southern horizon, overhead and off to the north until it was obscured from view by the trees across the street from my house. I did not have enough time to go into the house to get anyone else to come see it.;36.8682;-94.3934
Wedge shap craft with 2 amber lights on it follwed me and illuminated the interior of my car with amber light.;2009-03-04 03:10:00;3 to 4 minutes;Wedge shap craft with 2 amber lights on it follwed me and illuminated the interior of my car with amber light. I want to share this with you. Yesterday, 03/04/2009, Wednesday, I was on my way to work. I was east of Neosho, MO, between Netonia, MO, and the MO hwy 86 and US 60 and MO 59 junctions. The exact time was 3:10 a.m.  The sky was clear and I could see stars.   As I passed East Newton High School on hwy 86 I looked in my review mirror and noticed two amber lights approaching me fron behind.  The lights approached me at a steady pace and then back off to keep distance between me and the amber lights. At first I thought someone was coming up on me without head lights on and just had their parking lights on.  As I had this thought, the amber lights came up behind me again this time very fast, I then tapped my breaks and slowed some.  I watched in my review mirror as I did this. My tail lights then illuminated the outline of what appeared to be a wedge shaped object behind me and the two amber lights where in the bottom front of it and the bottom front was wedge shaped like the front of a snow plow. I then sped up to 90 mph to get away and the object then dropped back about 10 car leangths. As I approached the intersection of MO rt H and hwy 86 the object was once again on my rear bumpper , with the amber lights glowing.The speed at wich it approached me was AMAZING. It was right behind me and a amber hugh then engulfed the car on the inside. As I looked in my review mirror I observed the amber lights on the front of the object look as if they shuddered. I could feel heat on my neck, arms,face, and back.I could also hear a very distinct humming sound. I continued to drive 80 and 90 mph until I approached a curve in the highway. when I hit my brakes hard and slowed for this curve.The craft then dropped back again and the amber hugh then left my car. As I went around the curve I observed the craft leave the road behind me and travel diagonal to the southwest from my position across a vast open field, but the amber lights were still facing my direction. The object was now about 150 yards to my left. It was now about treetop high.  The craft then continued facing my direction with the amber lights facing me and started moving to the southeast and climbing slowly as it did.  The craft then paused in mid air, turned were the amber lights now faced the northeast and shot up at an angle to the northweast horizon.  When the craft went to the northeast it was a very bright flash of amber light and a silver streak.  If I would have blinked I would have missed it.  That is how fast it left.;36.8682;-94.3934
