It was huge, quite, and it made the earth vibrate.;1987-08-11 23:00:00;15 min;It was huge, quite, and it made the earth vibrate. Our encounter was on a late summer night in SW Missouri 1987. Some friends had gotten to gather to hangout with a buddy of ours on leave from the air force. We went to a place called “end-of-the-road” it was located east of town. It was the old highway where they had torn down the bridge that crossed the valley and train tracks.  We had built a bonfire and were drinking some beers. We had several cars and trucks parked around. It was about 11:00 pm when “Jack” said, do you feel that? It must be a train coming down the tracks. Then “Paul” said, train my ass look at that! He was pointing to the sky. In the sky was a huge rectangular object about the size of two football fields with a bank of what looked to be lighted windows. It was just hovering over the valley everyone was just in amazement. Then it just flew very fast to the east…like warp speed on star trek.  Our friend from the air force “Travis” started rattling off all kinds of plane names and numbers. Another friend “Joey” who’s dad was a corporate jet pilot. Started telling stories about things his dad had seen over the years flying…then Joey suggested that it came from the deep old mining pits that were all around the area. How could it just appear? He said.  I asked Travis what it was. He said maybe something experimental from the old Fort Crowder base. Then he said, “I have never seen anything in the sky that big, let alone hover with out moving”. We all just kept speculating.  It did not make sound however we all felt the earth vibrate. It was a bright moon so we all saw the silhouette. Very rectangular “straight edged” and very big. The total number of people who witnessed the UFO was seven however the three girls from Granby said they did not see anything. To this day if I see any of my old friends in passing and say “end-of-the-road”, they freak and start saying, “what was that huge thing in the sky”.;36.8682;-94.3934
Red cigar rectangular light in Neosho, mo.;2012-11-03 19:00:00;25 seconds;Red cigar rectangular light in Neosho, mo. Standing at our private  ball field I noticed a red rectangular cigar shaped light hovering at aircraft height but not moving.  I was looking for deer that sometimes graze the grass in the ball field when it cought my eye.  I didn't think anything of it until it dawned on me it wasn't moving nor did it have any blinking lights on it.  It was average red brightness but what happened next is why I am somewhat perplexed.  It never moved nor did it change shapes or colors for around 15-25 seconds and then all of the sudden it split into 4 or 5 little balls and the little balls shot off instantly and disappeared.  I'm 47 and am certain it wasn't an airplane nor some type of fireworks or floating candle like a Chinese lantern.  It was the strangest thing I have ever seen.my wife says it wasn't an airplane either and she was laughing at me when I first told her to look up and see it saying &quot that's just an airplane&quot. It was silent and there was a light northerl! y wind but it was unseasonably warm for that time of year.;36.8682;-94.3934
