Very Weird!!!;2001-04-19 22:25:00;8 seconds;Very Weird!!! We noticed two boomerang-shaped flyig objects flying above us at a VERY high speed.  It was a clear dark-blue night and the objects were dark gray or silver with a small red dot on the center of the nose.  There were two flying objects, spaced apart about one hundred yards. The distance between the two objects remained exactly the same, as well as the speed. Both objects made no noise whatsoever.;43.26;-82.6235
orb accelerating and making 90 degree turns.;2005-06-15 22:30:00;2 minutes or less;orb accelerating and making 90 degree turns. The second UFO I saw was really what I have always called my first, as the first was dismissed by the skeptical parents of several fellow witnesses. This sighting occurred roughly in June 2005. I was with a friend in the garden of my front yard of my house in Croswell, Michigan. It was late and we were enjoying the summer night when we saw an orb in the sky heading east.  It was darker night, and there were a few stars, but not many. My property is also obscured by many locust trees. The orb was very high. It left no trail and was intensely bright white with no other hues on the edges. It was a single orb, slightly larger than the stars and moving fairly slowly, though not obnoxiously slowly so that when we first saw it we dismissed it as a plane.  It was not a plane, as it was too high and suddenly changed speeds. It went from a turtle crawl to traveling very quickly, within the distance of my driveway, which is short and circular. Then, as it came over us, since the garden is on the north east side of the house, it made an extremely abrupt 90 degree turn to the south. Immediately we were jumping up and down with excitement as I screamed: “It’s a UFO!” We then began chasing it, as the trees obstructed our view when it made the turn. As we ran into the backyard, towards the south, it made another extremely sharp 90 degree turn to the east, disappearing over the woods. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.26;-82.6235
very low flying, silencing, and silent UFO.;2006-08-25 21:45:00;less than 1 min;very low flying, silencing, and silent UFO. This was my third UFO sighting. It took place in August 2006. I figured this would be my last or at least my best sighting. I was arriving home from a late class it was probably around 9:30 to 9:45pm. Everything had gone normally on my 40 mile drive from the community college back to my small town. I had the windows down because it was a warm summer night. To the west of us are several lagoons and a creek, to the east our fields are low and damp most of the summer, thus frogs are loud, very loud all the way up until the first frost. As soon as I turned on to the three-quarter miles of dirt road to my house I was welcomed by the familiar sound of the frogs.  I listened to them, turning off my music before I rolled up my windows and got out.  As soon as I was stepping out of my car onto the driveway, all of the frogs, on either side of our house went entirely silent. It was terribly frightening, as I had lived here all my life and had occasionally heard the frogs in our field stop croaking with the obvious intrusion of a predator. The same went for the occasional silence from the creek behind by neighbors to the west of us. But, I had NEVER heard the frogs from the lagoon stop croaking, not to mention all three locations at once, or even two of them at once.  I don’t really know what made me do it, but trying to locate to source of the suddenly palpable tension from all the life in the woods, (did I mention EVERYTHING stopped making noise, no crickets, no owls, no loons, nothing), I looked up.  Out of my four, maybe five, sightings, I have never been so scared. It was so low. Likely only 200 feet or so from the ground, as it was only 100 feet or so above our 90 foot trees. It scared me so badly I froze, as it was over me when I looked up, but not hovering, rather moving very slowly from the west towards the east. It was so close I could very clearly see its shape. I don’t really know what to call the shape without drawing it. It was very rounded at the font and came to three points at the back. I was directly beneath it so could not see its cabin, but there was a single two-part bright white light in its center and absolutely no landing gear, not even a seam.  I don’t know how to explain what I called the “two-part” light. They were square lights, and right next to each other, vertically on the craft, but the one nearer the front of the craft was brighter.  It was not pointing its light at me or at anything really. It was just moving, very, very slowly towards the east. It’s speed was so incredibly slow and it was so low that I actually began panicking after I realized not only had it caused all of the animals to silence, IT made NO NOISE, absolutely nothing, not a hum, not a buzz, not even rustling the leaves in the trees.  As soon as my fear of being abducted passed and it was nearing the edge of the forest I ran straight for the house without looking back. I told my parents directly and was shaking with panic. I still want to say “It was INSANE!” I have no idea what it was. Last year or two years ago, when the military finally admitted to having a Black Manta, I thought that was what it would be. But I’ve seen a Manta, and read of it. It says it’s 60 feet wide and 30 feet long. What I saw was not a triangle, but a half a circle (sort of), with three points on the back. It was likely only 20 feet wide, maybe 20 to 25 feet long.  It was most notably, silent, seamless, and slow moving, and strange that the light didn’t seem overly bright since it was so close. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.26;-82.6235
