Three orange lights in the shape of a triangle in Croswell, MI.;2005-01-01 21:30:00;1 hour;Three orange lights in the shape of a triangle in Croswell, MI. As I was driving to my house, which was located far from town out in the country, I noticed three orange colored lights in the shape of a triangle hovering over my house.   When I made it to my driveway and pulled in, I got out of my car and by this point the lights were moving farther away and they were now located over the woods approximately 1 mile from my house.  I should add that when I got out of my car the lights were heading northwest and the shape of the triangle was very small, so I assumed it was a great distance away.   I entered my home shortly after that and made a phone call to my girlfriend at the time to tell her what I saw.  While I was on the phone I was sitting by the window in the front of my house which faces east towards Lake Huron.  Within minutes the lights had reappeared and they were now slowing moving over my house heading east.  This time the distance between the lights had grown a great deal and the triangle shape was very large so it w! as clear this object was much closer to the ground.   When the lights were slowly moving over my house and over my front yard I heard two loud noises upstairs as if something had fallen to the ground.  Mind you, it was in the middle of winter in Michigan, so all of the windows were shut so the wind wouldn't play a factor for knocking something over.   When the noises occurred, my dog ran into the bathroom and jumped into the bathtub trembling as if she was frightened of something, this was completely out of character for her.  I proceeded to walk to the bottom of the stairs and looked up toward the second story.  Being dead silent and dark at the top of the stairs, I was hesitant to check out what the noise was.  This whole time I am on the phone still with my girlfriend, so I told her I was freaked out and I was coming over.  When I got hack over to her house she greeted me at the door and told me that one of her friends had just called and said that she had also spotted three orange lights hovering by her house, which was relatively close to mine.  Having another witness made me feel better so I knew I wasn't imagining things.   After a minute or so of being back at my girlfriends house, her family (mom, dad, brother, and sister) and I went outside to look around the sky to see if we could spot it again.  No more than a minute later we spotted the lights, this time very far away, moving low on the horizon east towards Lake Huron at a great speed.  I know that it was traveling at an unusual speed because I think of when an airplane is 30,000 feet in the air moving at 400mph, from someone watching that airplane in the sky it appears to be moving slow.  The triangle lights were a great distance away and it was moving extremely fast, I would say possibly three or four times the speed of an airplane.  When the lights made it out over the lake they were still clear as day, and then they suddenly disappeared as if they had been shut off all of a sudden.  I want to mention again that not only I saw this object, but six other people witnessed this.  When I returned home later that night, I went immediately upstairs to see what had fallen or to see what could have made the noises from earlier.  When I got upstairs, I thoroughly checked everywhere and there was nothing out of place nor on the ground.  Since this incident I haven't seen it again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.26;-82.6235
