Bright Blue/White Meteor-like Object Manuvering Over Arkansas;2005-06-05 01:30:00;3 or 4 seconds;Bright Blue/White Meteor-like Object Manuvering Over Arkansas I am a former United States Marine and Special Forces Soldier having served over ten years between the US Army and USMC. I am also a former Fireman and First Responder.  On the morning of June 5th, 2005 at about 0130 to 0200 hrs, I was sitting out in my front yard in rural Royal, Arkansas. I was facing south, talking long distance on the phone to my brother in Maryland. We often talk for long periods late at night and I have observed several interesting meteorlogical and celestial phenomenon during these conversations but I had never until this time, seen anything that was in any way difficult to identify.  There was a thunderstorm approaching from the west (my right) and the entire area was under a Strong Thunderstorm Watch issued by the NOAA a couple hours before and I had, for some time, been watching the distant (As much as 10 miles distant) lightening as it illuminated the low hanging clouds of the approaching storm. At one point, I turned my head to the east (my left) where the sky remained fairly clear and some stars were still visible, and it was at this time that I saw what I at first believed to be a very large meteor burning up as it entered Earth's atmosphere. Approx Ground Coords Under Event: 34 Deg,34.152 North, 093 Deg, 12.730 West (WGS84)  I was immediately puzzled by the fact that the object appeared to be pulsing as it traveled from east to west across the night sky. The effect was as if a very bright, blue-white, blinking light was moving at high speed, creating the optical illusion of a series of dashes as it traveled. The object blinked, creating 4 dashes on it's east to west heading and then to my complete surprise, changed direction without any visible manuvering or change in speed. One split-second it was traveling east to west, the next, it was traveling a nearly reverse heading, approxmiately 15 to 20 degrees more southerly than it's initial heading. The object blinked four more times, creating visible dashes each time and then simply disappeared. The light from this object was bright enough to leave an after-image on my retina for several minutes.  There was no sound and no other observed phenomenon in relation to the appearance and disappearance of this object.;34.5158;-93.2904
