Big bright light hovering over mountain in manson.;2013-10-06 20:00:00;10 minutes;Big bright light hovering over mountain in manson. The mountain across the lake had a VERY bright glowing thing.  The sun had just crept behind the mountain 20-30 min. prior.  There were no other stars in the sky, it wasnt quite dark enough yet. then there it is, this huge glowing star?.  But no it cant be because it is moving!!! it seemed as if it was hovering, moving slightly from side to side.  I ran inside and got my friend to make sure i was actually seeing this! (she saw it too) after another 1-2 min. it slowly sank out of site on the other side of the mountain.  Planes are not that bright, and they dont move like that. plus they have red and blue blinky lights.  This this was alll bright light.  I swear if it turned a certain way it looked almost like a perfect star, the kind you draw.;47.8997;-120.1497
Pair of lights appears one over the other south of Chelan WA;2019-07-31 21:52:00;5-10 seconds;Pair of lights appears one over the other south of Chelan WA Four of us star/planet gazing.  Checking out Jupiter with binoculars in attempt to see its moons.  Jupiter was almost due south, maybe a few degrees east of due south.  Guessing 20 degrees above horizon.   Turned away for a second, other 3 witnesses started saying what is that.  Look again toward Jupiter.  (unit for distance I will use the width of thumbnail at arm's length).  About 1 unit left (east) of Jupiter and 2 or 3 below, two bright lights had now appeared, one exactly over the other.  Spacing between the two lights was one unit or very close.  Brightness of each was not quite as bright as Jupiter, or brighter than the few stars around Jupiter.  Motion, barely detectable, but I felt they were moving north.  The top one dimmed out in about 3 to 4 seconds, and then the bottom one dimmed out in the same amount of time.  Checked phone app, could not find any satellites to match this close pair.  Found some that were about a minute and a half ap! art on the app I have, but nothing found being that close together.  One witness perceived their height to be lower than jet liner altitudes.  I could not tell.  My perception of their speed, after spotting satellites for years, is that they were moving far slower than the usual satellites I see.  We did see the ISS at 22:25 hours as well.;47.8997;-120.1497
This first appeared to be a star that got MUCH brighter, it was moving very slowly, SE to NW and got dimmer/smaller as it moved;2020-05-13 00:00:00;10-15 minutes;This first appeared to be a star that got MUCH brighter, it was moving very slowly, SE to NW and got dimmer/smaller as it moved I, my daughter, and two of my adult granddaughters were vacationing on Lake Chelan this past week. We'd rented a vacation home there (we were SO over the stay home orders and lockdown and needed a break). Wednesday night we were down on the beach and had built a fire in the fire pit. It was a beautiful clear night and, due to a lack of light pollution, we could see the Milky Way. We were listening to music, enjoying the fire, our conversation, and just being together when we noticed a really bright star that got brighter as we watched. We were facing SE on that beach., the lake was calm and reflecting the lights of the homes across it like a mirror. We soon realized it was not a star, because it was moving slowly toward us. It was quite large and brighter than Venus, which planet had gone out of sight a bit earlier that evening, when we first spotted it. At first it got larger and brighter, then as it moved toward the NE it slowly dimmed and appeared to get smaller and smaller until it  disappeared from our sight, as if it had gone into space or just disappeared. It moved quite slowly but steadily. and was in view for about 10 minutes, perhaps longer. We are avid sky watchers and are familiar with satellites, planes, choppers, the space station, and drones, it was none of those it was much slower than any of those move across the sky and we could hear nothing after turning off the music to check. All of us kept saying to the others Are you seeing this? and of course, we all were. I'm not exactly certain what time it was obviously, it was after 9 PM, because it was full dark and Venus had gone behind the hills to the NE quite a bit earlier. It was before midnight because my daughter headed to bed at midnight and that was at least an hour after the sighting. Nor am I absolutely certain how long it remained in view though it seemed to us to be about 10 minutes, but none of us are very good at judging the passage of time, so it's merely a guess.;47.8997;-120.1497
