1 cylinder object- highly polished silver. Joined after brief time by another- from thin air! Then both moved away and vanished!;1997-09-15 17:00:00;10 minutes;1 cylinder object- highly polished silver. Joined after brief time by another- from thin air! Then both moved away and vanished! My daughter and I were on our way to visit my parents in Centerpoint, TX from San Antonio. We had just left Comfort, (a small hill-country town) when the lady in the car ahead of us applied her brakes quite suddenly and swerved off the road, looking up in the air. Thinking something was wrong, I slowed and stopped and my natural urge was to look up as well. About that time my daughter (who was 3 at the time, almost 4) said, Look Daddy, an airplane!.  Looking at the object that hovered there in the clear sky (there were no clouds), I saw immediately that it wasn't an airplane. What I/we saw was a cylindrical (spelling?) object that looked like it was made from a highly reflective silver metal. It was a cylinder 'standing slightly on end' almost like a silvery beer can about to start to tip over. It just stayed there, not moving. I could see the sunlight reflecting off of it.  I looked at the lady ahead of me and she looked back at about the same time. She pointed in the air and made a 'questioning' guesture by shrugging her shoulders and pointing up. I shrugged back. Neither of us got out of our vehicles. Looking back at the object, it was still there. I felt remarkably calm though I knew it was some kind of object that couldn't be easily identified. I felt kind of 'dreamlike' or in a slightly drugged state. I turned on the radio to see if there were any more anywhere else (don't know thought it might be a wave of them or something... I know it sounds wierd but it was one of my first reactions- probably too much Independence Day movie or something). The radio worked fine.  I looked back at the object just as my daughter said Look Daddy, a falling star! and pointed. There was a sudden shower of 'sparks' above and to the left of the object (from my vantage point) and suddenly there was ANOTHER object, an exact copy of the original in the area where the sparks appeared. This object was 'cantered' at the same angle. The were identical in every aspect that I could determine.  Then suddenly they both quickly receded to nothing but pinpoints, as if they moved directly away from us at extremely high speeds or as if they suddenly shrunk to nothing. There were no trails, no sparks, nothing... They both receded at exactly the same rate. I started my truck quickly and sped up the road 'after' them the road roughly paralleled the path they took. I barely glanced at the woman on the way by but she looked remarkably calm as well not really shaken.  As I drove after them (in the same direction I would be heading to go to my parent's), I turned the events over in my mind. It finally started to 'sink in' what I had seen. I look all over the sky as I drove but I never saw them again.  Driving the few miles left to my parents house, I said my hello's and then grabbed my dad's binoculars from his gun cabinet. I looked at the sky until the sun went down but saw nothing else...  I am not saying it was aliens but it was definetly something...  RT -Age 36 ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));29.9638;-98.9062
