Like guests who won't leave, these UFO's are becoming unwelcome.;2013-08-16 22:00:00;all night;Like guests who won't leave, these UFO's are becoming unwelcome. It all started last Friday night (16th).  I was coming home around 10 pm and spotted a bright white object moving across the sky about a half mile in front of me.  I thought, Ok, that's creepy.  After it disappeared, I continued on home. For the next few nights myself and neighbors observed two bright lights.  The lights would stay put for a while, then slowly move, then become stationary.  At first I thought one was the ‘evening star’. On wednesday night, we noticed a pulsing red/green object accompaning the lights. The really big show was thursday night. Using binoculars, we counted 11 pulsing red/green lights.  They were stationary and held their position about 15 miles apart from each other.  About 4:30 am, I noticed one moving off to the southwest.  As the suns glow in the east began to brighten, they disappeared. The evening of the 23rd, I stayed inside and didn't look out.  I woke up the next morning at 6 and couldn't resist looking outside.  I saw two of the objects.  They appeared to be about 5 miles distant.  I looked again at 6:20, and they had disappeared. In the evening of the 24th, I was watching the sky at dusk to try to determine when and how they show up.  The ‘evening star’ was already at its station as the sun was setting.  Later, at 8:30 pm, I was talking with a neighbor on my cell phone.  We were talking about how there were six bright lights, and an orange ball over his house.  I noticed the ‘evening star’ light backing into the distance.  About 4 minutes later, an Air Force AWACS, accompanied by a fighter aircraft flew by at about a mile from me at about 2,000 to 3,000 feet altitude. I’m just guessing, but it seems someone at the pentagon is very interested in this concentration of UFO’s over Kendall County.  This is about 50 miles north of San Antonio. I feel unsettled about this large number of UFO’s remaining over a relatively small area for such a long time. I've been sitting outside on the patio every night for three years, just stargazing.  So, this is a whole new experience.  The other night I got on the internet to see if others had seen something like this.  I discovered people around the world have seen the red/green object.   No one mentioned the objects stayed in the area, or were seen for weeks at a time.;29.9638;-98.9062
Red, high-altitude light disappeared after 5 seconds and never reappeared.;2014-08-13 22:00:00;5-10 seconds;Red high altitude light disappeared after 5 seconds and never reappeared. Singular red light.  Extreme high altitude, low orbit?  Northbound heading toward Ursa Major.   Thought it was a satellite at first when it disappeared about five seconds after spotting it.   No port or starboard lights that an aircraft would have.  Besides it disappearing and never reappearing, its clearly red color made the object abnormal.  I know aircraft and high/low orbit spacecraft. This was not one.;29.9638;-98.9062
