Triangular object cruzes north slowely along the 5 freeway in San Clemente CA( 10/15/02);2002-10-15 22:00:00;10-15 min;Triangular object cruzes north slowely along the 5 freeway in San Clemente CA( 10/15/02) at about 9:45pm i saw a light out in the distance. My friend and i were smoking a cig in the parking of a church up on a huge hill about 200 feet above, 50feet inland of the 5 freeway. To the west was the ocean about 1 mile away.  Previous to the object (or light)catching my eye, I was facing the south(along the 5 freeway), My friend was facing north.  clear sky, not one cloud.  So anyway--then a bright yellow/gold light appears south of our position. I grew up in this town and it only has one freeway, so i know every inch of the 5 in SC. My best guess would place the object at first sight--about 1.5 miles south of the church.  I told my friend to look at it because it was very bright and rather unusual for a copper to be flying so low at 10pm. SC goes to sleep at 10pm-the city is dead till morrning.  SO we kept watching the light.  After 3-4 min. we agreed that the light was moving North directly toward our position up on the hill. NOW IS THE MOST INTERESTING PART---what ever this flying object was.  It took it 15 min to fly from south of MISTY RIDGE( the next huge hill south)To directly over our heads (1.5 miles away).  when the object passed over our position on the hill, the thing must have been moving less than 25mph.  It just appeared out of nowhere--cruzed at 15mph along the 5 freeway, went over our heads, and just kept on going. It made no sound--we would have known if it was a copper.  I'm assuming that the craft was all black- because i could only see three gold lights in a triangle shape.   FOR REAL---IT MADE NO SOUND--not even the sound of the freeway could silence a copper flying right over our heads.  During the sighting the object was low in altitude.  i'd say- 300 feet.  when the object flew over our heads it was NOT far away(we were up on a huge hill)--I'm suprised that I couldn't see the body of the craft. i tried to make out the actual shape but i just  couldn't see the body (black/on black sky).  It just looked like 3 bright lights in a triangle formation. I watched t! he first 3 seasons of the X-files--so i asked my friend some questions.  We experienced no communication with the object. we felt no loss of time.  we didn't feel sick/nauscious. we saw it--it most likely saw us--it flew by.  That's my story. OH YA- SC is the southern edge of orange county--right on the border of CAMP PENALTIN and the TRW facility (trw-where the military worked on laszer guidence systems). My former highschool is located just 2 miles from the TRW facility. back in 1997-98, at night we would drive to a place where we could see the TRW plant and watch the laser fights.  NO JOKE- they were having lazer gun fights out there on the base. I saw all colors of little streeks zipping back and forth. looked like a water gun fight. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.4469999999999;-117.63015
Strange lights over coast of San Clemente;2006-06-13 23:00:00;15 minutes;My wife and I live on a hillside community in San Clemenet called Marblehead. We have a direct view of the Pacific ocean at Dana Point but slightly marred as you move south by rooftops of the homes immediately below our home. At 11.00 p.m. (June 13, 2006), while my wife was asleep, I observed from my second floor bedroom bay window, two extremely shiny objects next to each other. They were hover over the  ocean. However, it was impossible to tell how far from me the objects were because of the intensity of the lights. Each object had the same kind of lights that is,  three very bright lights organized in a triangular shape. I observed these lights for about a minute or so until the lights of one object faded into darkness like the fade in a movie leading from one scene to the next a minute or so later the other object's light's faded into darkness in the same way the lights of the first object faded. About 30 seconds thereafter, a new light came into view slightly to the west of where the lights of the other two objects faded. Then a second object appeared to the east of the lighted object and then a third light appeared. I immediately woke up my wife, and she observed the three lights. Within a few minutes, the lights of one object faded, then the lights of the second object faded and then the lights faded on the third object. The skyline was dark for about a minute then each object appeared again, about 30 seconds apart. At one point there was five objects (maybe six as I veiewed in a kind of mild astonishment. Three of the five objects appeared to be next to each other and the other two above the other three. I started to toy with the idea that the I was observing one object with different lighting sections. This was a distinct possibility but I can not be certain one way or the other. The whole situation lasted about twenty minutes. At no time was there significant movement of the lighted objects, but there was definitely slight movement. The objects stayed hovered in the same area with lights fading in an out. The fading of the lights did not suggest the object moved away at a fast speed. The lights were either turned off or  covered over by clouds. I would vote for turned off. But I can tell you this for absolute certain: the lights were very bright and they must have been observed by many people. I could find nothing in the newspapers about it. So I got on Google to do a serach under the caption: Strange lights over coast of San Clemente. Ultimately my search lead me to this website and the posting of the above description. I am not into UFO's and I am hoping the unidentified flying objects I  observed will soon become identified flying objects with more information.;33.4469999999999;-117.63015
Triangle over I-5 near San Clemente and bright hovering light.;2010-04-20 20:45:00;10 minutes;Triangle over I-5 near San Clemente and bright hovering light. On Wednesday April 20th at about 8:45pm, I was driving south bound on I-5, just south of San Clemente when I noticed a slender triangular shaped object above my car.  I couldn’t tell the size of it. It was either really high and very large or really low and not that large.  If I put my arm all the way out it was the slightly larger than my hand.  It had lights pulsating in sequence beginning from the point of the triangle (the front) down to the back and then back up to the front.  When it reached the front the lights would pause for a second and then start the rotation over again.  I followed the object for a total of about 10 minutes, and was able to get a pretty good look of it.  The lights on it where a light blue in color.  The bottom/belly of the object appeared to be rounded. The object appeared to be a midnight blue in color but that could have been a reflection from the flashing blue lights.  For about 5 minutes the object was going with traffic while zigzagging left and right over the freeway.  After a little bit, still traveling in a zigzag path, it began to speed up until it traveled out of sight.  At 9 pm my boyfriend called me.  While explaining to him what I had seen,  I saw another light.  At that point I was coming up to the agricultural check point on the northbound side of I-5.  At first I thought it was an airplane.  When I got closer I realized it wasn’t moving and it was only about 100 yards above the freeway.  It was a solid white light approximately the size of my thumb at arms length just floating about the freeway.  As I drove past it I was able to look out the drivers side window and see nothing attached to it.  It was just a single bright floating light.;33.4469999999999;-117.63015
I was driving I-5 S, when I saw big lights in form of triangle very large.;2014-06-26 10:45:00;45 minutes;I was driving the freeway 5 south when I saw big lights in form of triangle very large so I got to my house and I was able to take couple pictures . ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.4469999999999;-117.63015
