Object in sky brightened then dissapeared;2008-08-19 21:00:00;30 seconds;Object in sky brightened then dissapeared Sitting outside on my back deck with my family talking.  Just happened to look at the sky and saw what appeared to be a a star at first.  I just felt drawn to it and as I watched it, it became super bright.  It felt as if it were moving closer to earth.  Within seconds of seeing this get brighter it started to pull away and dim.  It pulled all the way back and disappeared.  At first i though it might be a shooting star but it didn't fall from the sky and didn't have any tail. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.0937;-74.271
Multiple objects witnessed,changed speed and direction, lights changed color and intensity;2021-03-29 20:30:00;30 minutes;Multiple objects witnessed,changed speed and direction, lights changed color and intensity March 29, approximately 8:30 pm, my wife and I were in our back yard in Ringwood, NJ enjoying some time together, looking up at the stars as we regularly do.  We noticed movement in the south west sky, heading in a north direction. The object was a similar size and brightness as the stars in the sky, but moving quickly. I dont know how to estimate the altitude it was traveling at, but I got the impression it was higher than the commercial flights we see often. No sound was observed.  we then saw another object, same description as the first, approaching from the west, heading towards the first object. As the two got close to each other, they both stopped and remained still for approximately 5-8 seconds.  The first object then continued North, while the second, changed direction and traveled south west. We observed the second till it blended in with the lighter sky in the south west as it approached the horizon. The first object was observed until our view was blocked by our house. I did attempt to video the first object, but the video only has our conversation and you can see a star. Not the object.  Approximately 20 minutes later, we noticed a moving object directly above us, but again, very high altitude. Much higher than commercial air traffic. This object, slightly dimmer than the last two, and dimmer than the surrounding stars, was traveling in a North direction. After observing it for just a moment, it let off a tremendous flash. The light grew 10 times larger. ( I made a mental note of it as it happened ) it startled my wife and I so much we both yelled. It stayed that size and brightness for a second or two, then back to its original size and brightness. Its still moving, and we are still looking up, just in disbelief at what we saw, then it flashed again, this time smaller than the white flash, but this time it was orange, with a smaller yellow ring of light in the center. That just lasted again for a moment or two, then it went back to its original size and brightness, and continued North, until it was out of our view.  It should be noted that I was anticipating the International Space Station to fly over. I have an app that alerts me when it will be approaching, and what its trajectory would be. The ISS was to fly over about 10 minutes after we saw the last object, and according to my app, it would have been traveling from east to west , much lower in the sky. I have previously recorded the ISS fly over, and in my opinion, the objects we saw did not resemble the objects I am describing here.;41.0937;-74.271
