Orange luminescent globe hovering in desert sky then moving at the speed of a meteor.;1996-06-10 22:00:00;2 min;Orange luminescent globe hovering in desert sky then moving at the speed of a meteor. This sighting took place in 1996 in the Mojave Desert at the Colorado River 25 miles North of Blythe, California. About 9 pm, my husband and several friends took two dune buggies out in the desert for a ride.  I was tired, so I went to bed.   About 10 pm I woke up and wondered whether they were back yet, so I walked outside and noticed a bright orange globe the same color as an orange street light (low pressure sodium vapor?).  I was about 25 ft in diameter and about 50 feet high hovering overhead then moving slowly (about 2 miles per hour) toward the West.  It moved over the top of trees and then shot up in the Western sky, faster than any aircraft is able to move until it disappeared.  The hair literally stood up on the back of my neck and arms in fear.  I went back in our vacation home and waited for my husband to return.  When I told him what I saw, he looked at his friends and smiled.  He said that they were parked on top of a hill in the desert facing East and they saw an orange globe hover over our vacation home then move about as fast as a meteor--except it shot up in the sky until it disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.6142;-114.5974
A glowing orange sphere floats silently and  slowly then shoots up at 45 degree angle faster than anything.  ((anonymous report));1996-09-05 22:30:00;3 minutes;A glowing orange sphere floats silently and  slowly then shoots up at 45 degree angle faster than anything seen before. About 25 miles North of Blythe, CA, my husband and I were at our vacation home on the Colorado River.  My husband went out for a dune buggy ride with about eight friends at about 20:30.  I stayed at our vacation home alone and fell asleep.  At about 22:00 woke up and I walked outside to see if my husband had returned.  As I turned around to walk inside a bright light caught my eye.  Directly above the tree line across the street, less than 100 ft away and no more than 40ft in the air was a completely round sphere that glowed like a sodium vapor orange street light.  The sphere was approximately 30ft in diameter. It floated silently about as fast as someone walking briskly parallel to the ground. At first I thought it must be a weather balloon.  I stood and watched it float down the road over some mobile homes, then suddenly it shot up at about a 45 degree angle at “warp” speed and disappeared in a second. When my husband and his friends returned 20 minutes later, I described what I saw. They said they had all stopped their dune buggies on top of the hills overlooking our mobile home park and they all saw the same thing but from a distance of a half mile or so.;33.6142;-114.5974
Orange/ Red sphere 25 to 35 feet across moving  slow and on a low level altitude;2013-06-19 01:30:00;4 minutes;Orange/ Red sphere 25 to 35 feet across moving  slow and on a low level altitude On 6/19/2013 at 1:30 am I had to take the trash out for pick up.  If I did not forgot the week before I would not have gone outside that night.  The front of my home looks to the South  and it is one block from the Colorado River and 8 miles North- North East of  Highway I-10. About 20 feet before the street I happened to look up and to the East.  I saw a Orange/ Red sphere over the top of one of the River Front homes and moving East over the top of a row of homes when the object got to the end of the homes it made a U-Turn  and was heading  West- North West and right at me I was still in the same spot as I was when I first saw it.  The object was only about 100 to 150 feet off the ground and was moving slow  It made no sound or moved any air.  I remember looking to see if someone was projecting this from the ground but saw no light beams   It is very dark in the community do to no street lights and only 2 or 3 coach light in the front of  each house.  This Orange/ Red sphere was about 25 to 35 feet across max 40 feet   The color is strange and one you will not forget it looked as if it moved in waves fast to slow.   It just stopped in the air  about 50 yards from me as if what ever it was saw me as I was looking at it the center sphere was  in motion moving around the object.  I stood looking at it for maybe 30 to 45 seconds and then it hit me to run in and get the camera as I moved and started for my house the object started to move at the same time going  North- North East.  By the time I got back it was to late I could not get a picture.  The object starting to move at the same time I did is why I say it was looking at me as I was looking at it.  The object never changed it’s altitude from the I first saw it to I ran back with the camera.  It was CRAZY;33.6142;-114.5974
Two large Orange/Red spheres moving slow and very low.;2013-07-10 22:40:00;5 minutes;Two large Orange/Red spheres moving slow and very low On 7/10/2013 at 10:40 pm or 22:40, three weeks from the first encounter with a Large  Orange/Red sphere on 6/19/2013, I had my second and third encounter with what looked to be the same and  moving slow and at about the same altitude 100 to 150 feet  high.   I walked to my back yard to start the pool pump which is on the East side of the house as I turned the corner and now looking South was a Large Orange/Red sphere about 25 to 35 feet across this one had a mist or cloud like coming off the top and the bottom of the object.   As soon as I saw it I took off for the camera  and ran back.  I had to wait to take the first picture because of a palm tree as the object pasted the  palm I took the first of four pictures this object was just East of me  by 25 yards and no more then 30 yards and still lease then 175 feet up.  This made for  some very close pictures.  The first shot I did not zoom in and had the flash on  as I walked around a tree in my yard I zoomed in a! nd tried to turn the flash off witch I did not do I took the second picture as it was even with me going by.  The third and fourth picture  the object was past my home going North- North West. I was walking back to my pool pump and right over the same River Front home was the second  Orange/Red sphere it looked as  if it was on the same line as the first this one did not have any mist or cloud coming from it and both had NO sound and moved NO air.  The reason I could only shot two pictures is because on the screen on my camera their was a message that my chip was full so I had to delete some old photos as the object was coming at me.  I loaded the photos to the computer and took a look and that is when I found  the second picture I took broke though the cloak and I was looking at the bottom and the side of a craft amazing and the best UFO picture I have ever seen  and I think  you will agree with me on this.   I will e-mail photos to the main e-mail you give on the web site. N! ote one of the question you have with the check boxes is did the object have lights.  This craft did not have blinking lights like a air plane this craft had a large rectangle on the bottom of it that has what looks to be White hot light that I did not see as it went by me and I took the photo.  The light looks so bright that it should of made anything on the ground look as if would have been day time.;33.6142;-114.5974
