Driving hone from school I encountered three massive UFO'S.  I was driving home from the nursing (RN) program at our local college,whe;2000-05-15 15:30:00;30 seconds;Driving hone from school, I encountered three massive UFO'S. I was driving home from the nursing ( R.N) program at our local college,where I was enrolled in my second year of the two year program.  I live in a pretty rural area.  I was driving home after class had ended for the day right at about 3:30 in the afternoon (alone in my car) with moderate traffic on the freeway.  I was south bound on Interstate 5.  As you head south you can see for miles ahead,( probably 20) miles or so.  We live in a valley, where three sides of us, north, east and west have mountains,  Mt Shasta (north) Mt Lassen ( east) and the trinity mts to the west. to the south is  rolling foot hills,not mountains, and you can see foothills approximately 15 miles to the south of us where a town called Red Bluff is located.  It was a warm, very clear day with the only clouds, way high in the sky. As I drove south out of the corner of my eyes just slightly to my right (west) and out in front of me (south), probably about a 1000 ft off the ground and maybe 8 to 10 miles out ahead of me, were 3 absolutely huge UFO's, huge !!!  They were a dull silver, kind of grey,silver but not shiny at all.they were stacked like a pyramid shape,one up top and the other 2 below it,evenly spaced,pretty much a perfect pyramid.it wasn't one ufo though,it was three separate ones.they were cigar shaped,but the ends were blunt,they didn't taper to points.they were all sitting perfectly still,they weren't spinning,there were no lights,no windows,they were just sitting perfectly still.Im amazed I didn't drive off the freeway and wreck,I had to tilt my head up slightly and put my face kind of close to my winsheild,so I could get a good view of all 3 at once,and I was just staring up,I don't remember really looking at the road.I thought to my self'oh my God,is anyone else seeing these??'. There was no sound,I had my windows down due to the warm weather and I was driving a car with no air conditioner,no sound ! at all,no movement at all, there were no heat trails,that I co! uld see anyway,no air disturbance at all,they weren't bobbing  around d at all..they were just sitting there,I thought at the time they were probably Around 2000 feet long each, they were all 3 exactly the same looking.after staring up for probably 10 to 15 seconds, it seemed longer,it  was almost like everything  was in slow motion. out of my left peripheral vision I could see something coming up from behind me, fast,I didn't realize for a second that it was lights coming up behind me, I glanced over to my left and saw a highway patrol car,a forestry Jeep,and a Sheriffs car all with their lights on,but no sirens going, they were flying past all day he traffic,heading south,probably around 90 mph, at least,they were driving in the dirt that divides the freeway lanes.the freeway( I 5)runs north to south,two lanes each direction,with a dirt center dividing the lanes its about 35foot  wide or so,they were all three lined up,lights flashing, south in the dirt. I only glanced away for a ! split second,and I thought to myself,  wow!! Someone else does see them,I'm not crazy !!. When I looked back over at the ufos,they were exactly the same,nothing  had changed, for about 3 to 5 seconds anyway, because then all at once,all three at the same time.its hard to explain.It was like they jerked just a tiny bit all at once toward the ground,not much,maybe 50 feet,I don't know, then bam they were all gone,you didn't see them take off or leave, they just disappeared,I don't know if they cloaked themselves or actually left right then,but they were gone.no nothing. I called the police and the airport in my town and in the little town south of us( Red Bluff) and asked if anyone reported seeing anything,they all said no.Ive always believed in UFOs,but I had never seen one,let alone three,broad day light,clear skies.man,It felt almost dreamlike afterwards,like I was in a daze for a couple of days after.I don't care what anyone says,I know what I saw,they were re! al, they weren't man made,we have nothing that huge,that can s! it perfe ctly still for that long, no noise at all,no heat trails,they weren't clouds,they were solid objects.I stare at the sky constantly hoping to see them again.I wish I had a cell phone back then,man I'd do anything to go back and have a cell or a camera to take a picture,I can still see them in my head.Ive asked many,many people when they're with me in the car in that same spot driving the same path again,I'll point out how high up they were and about how far away they were and I'll point out a  cloud in that same area (as close to the size of the ufos)that I can find, and I ask them,  how long to you think that is???  Most just say I'm not sure,but huge,but when I asked  my boyfriend and my aunt who are both retired from the Navy,one being a pilot and both serving on aircraft carriers, we were  in the car( me with them at separate times) and I asked them for their best guesstament, on the size?? my boyfriend said his best guess was at least a mile wide, but less th! an 2 miles. my aunt who was Navy for 25 years,worked in the Pentagon and was a highly decorated officer and pilot, she said her best guess was a mile to 7000 foot long.I know that seems crazy, but I swear they were that huge. I live on 44 acres now we're I have a perfect view of were they were in the sky that day,when I'm out with our horses or cows or just working the ranch,my eyes are always searching the sky for them.now I have a cell phone and a back up camera with me in my purse and in my glovebox at all times.if I'm ever lucky enough to see them again I will have a picture,well I hope I would,honestly I'm not sure if I would have taken one,I almost felt like I couldn't look away from them or like if I did they'd be gone and I wouldn't know if they were real or not.lol.  But I don't care what anyone says,I know what I saw,they were real,they weren't reflections,they weren't clouds,and they were massive,we have nothing close to what I saw,not on this planet,not yet.Ive t! old anyone and everyone I know about what I saw, I guess they ! believe me, they say they do, but they also kind of look at me like, uh hu ??!! I understand though, even though I've always believed in UFOs,once you see them yourself,it's just totally different,because you know without a doubt,they are real. I wish people could see what's in my minds eye, because even though it was 17 years ago,I can see it in my head like it was yesterday. Anyway,thank you for letting me tell you my story.you don't have to contact me,but if you have any questions at all or can help me find any evidence of that day,please feel more than free to call ,m sage, or write me any time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.4538000000013;-122.328199999998
