Orange orbs seen in Anderson, CA.;2011-12-31 23:59:00;10 minutes;Orange orbs seen in Anderson, Ca. 2-7-13 I’m writing again because I’ve read so many stories and seen videos of the orange orbs twinkling and moving mysteriously in the night sky, worldwide.  I can’t stop wondering what it was that I and my 26 year old and 18 year old sons and 4 other people witnessed in Anderson, CA,. on New Year’s Eve 2011 at about midnight. Here’s what I do know, that none of us were drunk, other people in Anderson witnessed it too, they made no sound, there were no other aircraft in the vicinity, we all saw at least 8 of them fly together in the same direction but like they were dancing with each other, or playing catch me if you can, we saw them move towards us in the southern sky, we then saw them disappear, we then saw 3 of them re-appear in the eastern sky and make a triangle pattern, then 2 of them started to move away from the third, then change from orange to a white ghostly silhouette and suddenly dart away at a faster than humanly possible speed and disappeared in the sky above us. I posted my story on this website a few days after this event and not surprisingly someone else from Anderson, CA, posted their story, too.  We spoke a little online about it, but I never met the other witnesses. I hope to hear from them again someday.  As this becomes a more common experience for people, I hope we keep the curiosity up.  Don’t become complacent, there is something out there.  It’s definitely not Chinese lanterns.  It could be a light trick or something to do with laser points of light.  It could very well be intelligent beings other than humans.  It did kind of creep us out and we did have thoughts about what if it’s something scary and unknown. I’ve seen video and testimony from witnesses who have seen the same thing and had similar reactions to it from as far back as the 1990’s. It’s just more common to hear of it lately it seems.  It reminds me of what early man must have thought about weird things in the night sky.  They must of thought the Gods were angry or the world was going to end.  I’m not a religious man and I believe that when the world ends for man, it will likely be from our own doings and the world will go on without us just fine.   In the meantime I’ll keep looking up and try not to have a wreck doing it.;40.4538000000013;-122.328199999998
