Glowing red and orange ball that was above our heads and finally took off faster than any thing I have ever seen with no sound.;2012-01-13 18:20:00;3 mins;Glowing red and orange ball that was above our heads and finally took off faster than any thing I have ever seen with no sound. At approximately 6:20 pm on Friday January 13, 2012 my two children and I observed a glowing, rich-colored (looked kind of like plasma) red and orange ball slowly traveling approximately 15 mph (about 100 feet above the treeline over some power lines ,initially) east down North Chubb Road in Willard, NC.  I first thought is was a chinese lantern because of the color (kind of reminded me of the color of fire). It did not flicker or blink (it seemed to glow or flow) but seemed to kind of slightly change shape but was mostly spherical.  It appeared to be about the size of a small car (the distance makes it hard to tell how big it actually was).  I got out of my car and listened, thinking it may be something from the military.  There was absolutely no sound coming from the object that I could discern.  It was directly in front of us over our heads about 1 or 2 football fields.   It kept moving forward in a straight line at the same speed along side Chubb Rd so I go! t back into my car and turned the engine back on and turned the car around to follow it.  Being that it was moving slowly at first, I was going to stop at a friend's house on that road and have them come out and look at it but it started to speed up about 2 football fields down the road and before I realized it it was speeding away, it arched up into the sky and as quick as I can snap my fingers it looked like a distant star and just disappeared into space.  It seemed effortless.  I worked for the state in a law enforcement capacity.  I have lived in the area for over 10 years and there are many military helicopters and osprey that fly over our area.  I have never seen lights like that or seen any military helicopters or osprey fly silently like that.  Neither have I seen any flying machine that can take off that fast and go that distance into the sky without any sound.   Thank you for your interest and time.  I would love to know what that could have possibly been. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she sounded to us to be exceptionally credible.  PD));34.6845;-78.0234
