Driving home at night, saw lights that I thought were landing lights of an airplane, stopped my car, lights didn't move, huge object.;1982-06-15 12:45:00;3-5 minutes;Driving home at night, saw lights that I thought were landing lights of an airplane, stopped my car, lights didn't move, huge object. Driving home from town, I observed what I thought were landing lights from Air Force planes.  I lived within probally a mile or so of the landing pattern for Seymour Johnson AFB and have seen their planes numerous times. Also, my father was career Air Force and I have been around planes all of my life. To the point that I was able to identify certain types of planes just by hearing them, the distinct sounds they made. (Ex. F4's, C5A, C141's, F104 & 105's to name a few) This particular evening I was about a mile from home, when I noticed these lights.  Being familiar with the area and what SJ landing pattern was, when I saw these lights, I thought to myself , these guys are really low.  I watched for about 30-45 seconds.  The lights appeared right at tree top level.  The closer I got to the lights, the lower the seemed to drop, now visibly seeing trees pass in front of these lights, evern at a distance. My thought at that point was, these guys are not going to make the runway.  From where I lived and where I saw these light and knowing where the runway was, they were just too low.  The runway was at least another mile to the east and they were at tree top level.  The first part of the road I was traveling on a straight away.  After about 30-45 seconds of watching this, the road turns to the right. No one on the roads at all that night. As I bear to the right towards my home, which is about 1/4 mile away now, I am now looking to my left, out of the drivers window, watching these light, which seem to bop from tree top level to below that and back up again.  At this point, I am really thinking that this plane is going to crash, these guys are in trouble and they are way too low.  Again, after I bear right and I'm watching what I thought was an Air Force plane, I'm only going about 20 mph, hardly taking my eyes off of this thing.  Also, there is a small wheat field off to my left on the other side of the road before the tree line. The tree line at this point where I am at is about 220-250 yards from the! road. As I'm watching this thing, I use the term thing or lights, I notice something strange which at first I concluded was just some kind of optical illusion, because of the direction I am traveling now and the direction of the lights are traveling. I think SJ planes usually land in a west to easterly direction. I am now traveling west. As I'm driving, I'm glancing out of my window, the lights look like they are going in the same direction I am traveling.  I have my window down in the car as well, and after 150 or so feet, I begin thinking to myself, I should be hearing this thing as large as it is and it's seems to be going the same direction as me, this is really strange. So I pull my car to a stop. A complete stop in the middle of the road. I look out of my window and there slightly below tree top level is this huge craft of some type, now also, like me, stopped, not making a sound, no engine sound whatsoever, not moving, but clearly airborne and clearly a very large craft.  My best estimates on size were 300 ft long and about 40 foot high, multiple row of lights straight across for looked like each tier, three tiers. Anyway, I panicked after about 6-7 seconds of sitting there looking at this thing, punched the gas and flew home. I have had 2 other encounters/observations/sightings, one the very next night, at my house which was stange in itself and another about 10 years earlier when I lived in Alaska. The Alaska sighting I had was witnessed with a friend, whom I won't mention.;35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
My trail camera captured a picture of what appears to be some sorts of hovering, entirely metallic, drone shaped craft.;2017-09-10 17:13:00;Trail Pic;My trail camera captured a picture of what appears to be some sorts of hovering, entirely metallic, drone shaped craft. Checked my trail camera one day after this picture was taken.  After words my buddy, his girl friend and I were all puzzled asking questions like:  Could this be a pixilation?  So far out of the cameras sensitivity range (50 feet) how was the picture triggered?  (Object appears to be 70-80 yards away)  Why was the clocked stopped?.   I feel like a seasoned outdoorsmen, but I've to make since of this picture,  I'm still timid to hunt this area since the pic, please help. ((NUFORC Note:  Object in photo is very strange, but we are unable to certify that it has anything to do with an alien spacecraft.  The top of the object is the general shape of a quadcopter, we observe, but we cannot explain the legs that appear below the object.  PD));35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
