Witness to a large, smooth, silent sphere, kind of the color of the moon.;1997-07-15 21:00:00;Maybe 1 Min.;Witness to a large, smooth, silent sphere, kind of the color of the moon. It was about eleven years ago when seven of my friends and I were jumping on my trampoline in my back yard. I was only ten years old, but I'll never forget anything about the night. It was probably one of the clearest nights, and the moon was either full, or close to it. I was playing with my friends, just goofing off, and I jumped in a circle. When I turned I saw something in the sky that, kind of resembled a smaller moon. It was just below and to the right of where the moon was positioned, and it was really close to our houses. I stopped jumping and watched it I could feel that everyone was still jumping. I didn’t even think to get their attention, because I didn’t want to look away. It was a huge sphere in the sky, about the same color of the moon, but completely smooth. As I continued to watch it, it dipped down, came up again, dipped behind the top of the trees, came up again, and then finally disappeared behind the trees. It never made a sound. I watched to see if it would come up again, but it didn’t. From my point of view, it looked like it had landed in the softball field behind my friend’s house that friend was jumping on the trampoline with me at that moment. I turned around quickly to tell everyone what I had seen, when one of my other friends said, Did you see that?!  Everyone stopped to listen to what we both saw, but none of them had seen it but us. I think about it now, and I’m so glad I wasn’t the only one to see it, because I would feel crazy. We still talk about it from time to time, I think, just to make sure we did both see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
Silvery grey sphere was spotted over wayne county in North Carolina;2004-06-10 12:30:00;21/2 minutes;Silvery grey sphere was spotted over wayne county in North Carolina I was riding back home in the rear of my SUV while my wife was driving with several passengers and looking up at the telephone poles passing by out of sheer boredom. I then began to look at he clouds above as there were not many that day as i remember so my eyes began to wander from cloud to cloud until i thought that i had seen some object darting around a one of the smaller clouds. I had to re-focus and take another look to register what i was seeing. The UFO was definitely a sphere and as to my best guess it would seem to be at an altitude that commuter jet aircraft would fly. All I really remember is that the sphere was dancing around this cloud and making incredible turns as if playing around it. I watched in amazement as it would appear in front of the cloud and travel the lenth of what i can compare to three or four football lengths then stop and make almost a 90 turn then go around the back until i would see it appear in front of the cloud again. The color was a silver or gray in nature. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
