((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch at 2055 hrs (EDT).  PD))   me and a friend were standing out side about 8:30 P. M.  Talking;2005-04-29 21:00:00;10 minutes;me and a friend were standing out side about 8:30 P. M.  talking . we were about 5 miles south of  Goldsboro in a community called Mar Mac. we were just talking when I spotted a light moving in front of us at about 1500 feet im guessing.  when I first saw it I thought it was one of the fighters from Seymour Johnson air force base. it looked like one of the landing lights on the planes. we were about 5 miles from the base and there were planes flying all around. we noticed that there were no other lights on what ever it is. there were no red or green and no strobe just a white light that looked like a bright star. then we saw what looked like smoke coming from it. it looked kinda like a comet with a tail. then it flashed and split off onto to lights. kept the same altitude and speed.  the two lights stayed on the same course but kept drifting farther apart but still going in the same direction. the light in the front flashed again and we saw a small puff of smoke but it did not split into two. they just kept going and flew right over the base.  I have lived here all my life and I have seen every kinda of plane go in and out of the base . I have never seen anything like this, it also made no sound,  we could not make out any kind of craft.  but we could tell the lights were attached to something. I  had heard  the stories of ufo landings on the base.  a lot of people around here have seen ufos and flying saucers. and black triangles. but I never give it much thought.  until now !! ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the witness describes above the launch of a Titan IV missile out of Cape Canaveral, which occurred at 20:55 hrs. (Eastern) on this date.  The missile apparently was launched to the northeast, so it was visible along the eastern shoreline of the U. S..  PD));35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
Silent, slow-moving object, pulsating orange and white.;2015-02-28 20:00:00;10-15 minutes;Silent, slow-moving object, pulsating orange and white. I saw an unidentified object on the evening of Sunday (sic.  Saturday), February 28, 2015, in the sky over the Rosewood Community west of Goldsboro, NC.  Estimated position was Latitude: 35.3732178,  Longitude: -78.0755461.  Night was cold (~40 degrees) and partly cloudy. My son also saw the object and agreed that he wasn’t familiar with it.  By the time I got binoculars, the object was obscured by trees, so I never got a closer look. The object consisted of three lights:  two small white lights that flickered rapidly, and a larger orange, or amber, light that pulsated.  I could not make out a shape, just lights.  The object moved very slowly from northeast to southwest.  At times, I wasn't sure it was moving at all.  I kept checking it against fixed stars. It seemed to be moving too slowly to be a conventional aircraft.  It also made no sound.   We saw other aircraft in the air at the same time, but they were obviously conventional aircraft.  The UFO was not. Given our proximity to an Air Force base, I suppose it could have been some type of unconventional aircraft, but I’ve not seen one like it before.  Perhaps it was very, very high, and that’s why it seemed to be moving so slowly and silently. I HAVE seen some kind of experimental aircraft in our skies before.  I’ve seen the glow from jet engines suddenly wink out and the planes go both black and completely silent at night.  I assume it’s some kind of new propulsion system.  I asked somebody who has connections with the base if they fly test flights at night and he just smiled knowingly and said, “No comment.”  So who knows. I am 50ish, male, well-educated, and reasonably sane.  My son is a teenager.  Both of us have good vision and are somewhat skeptical about paranormal stuff.;35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
At first appearance we thought it was a star.;2016-08-25 10:30:00;~2 hours;At first appearance we thought it was a star. Noticed it was flashing, noticed color changing, Red white green blue, has stayed in same spots For hours at a time.  First sighting was on August 12.  Second was 24th, and 25th. same general area all three times. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
I witnessed three shiny objects traveling (in formation)  across the sky that were not aircraft, satellites, or shooting stars.;2020-11-13 17:30:00;60 seconds;I witnessed three shiny objects traveling (in formation)  across the sky that were not aircraft, satellites, or shooting stars. Three Shiny Objects in the Evening Sky  On the evening of November 13, 2020, I was standing on my front porch facing the direction of south. The time was 5:30 pm, and the sun was beginning to set. There were a few scattered clouds in the sky, but nothing to obscure my vision. I noticed a bright light in the sky, traveling from the south to the north in a liner direction. When the bright light approached the cloud, an orange color surrounded the moving object. This object was quiet and no contrail was discovered. The orange glow lasted for a brief time (approx. five seconds or so).  After seeing this questionable object in the evening sky, I wanted to verify the identity of this object. I returned to the house and located a spare riflescope that placed on a shelf in my bedroom closet. I returned to the front porch to observe this object  to closer examine it with the aid of a multi power riflescope ( this scope has the power to multiply the image of a target from three times to nine times the size seen with the naked eye). I used the highest degree of magnification to identify the object in question. While looking thru the scope, all I could identify was a small shiny object I could not discern any features with this rifle scope. I have used this same optical device to identify the ISS I have seen the shape and colors of the ISS.  After trying to identify the object in question, I discovered two similar objects accompanying the object I was examining. All three objects were traveling in a triangular fashion. The objects appeared to resemble a formation that traveled the same direction and kept the same speed between them. I aimed the spare riflescope at each of the objects, but I was unable to discern any details of each object.  I continued to observe the three objects until the trees concealed them. I observed them for approximately 40 seconds. I live near Seymour Johnson AFB in eastern North Carolina, and we have F-15E fighter jets and KC-46 refueling aircraft. The military aircraft produce a loud exhaust emitted from the jet engines, and they can be heard from several miles away. I have seen the fighter jets engaged in full afterburner at night they do not stay in full afterburner for extended periods because the afterburners will quickly consume hundreds of pounds of fuel in a very short period. The objects in question were not commercial aircraft either I have used lower powered binoculars to identify jet powered passenger aircraft flying at their regular altitudes (they produce a contrail from the hot exhaust cooling in the extreme cold high altitudes they cruise at).  I could not identify these objects. They were shiny. They flew in an orderly fashion. They were quiet. I could not identify them as conventional jet powered aircraft. They emitted no contrails. They were too high in altitude to clearly identify them (although I can identify any civilian/military aircraft with assisted optics: spare rifle scope or binoculars). The objects traveled in a steady and smooth path no deviations.  What did I witness? I do not know. There were three shiny objects that traveled across the evening sky.  I have witnessed satellites, the ISS, shooting stars, military fighter jets engaged in afterburner at higher altitudes engaged with other fighter jets, and dirigibles. Dirigibles do not move across the horizon at the altitude and speed I witnessed.  I noticed the first object projected an orange glow (that encompassed the entire object) when approaching a nearby cloud, but the orange glow ended shortly. The object never traveled below the cloud. The orange cloud may have been an image produced by the reflection of the setting sun.  Whatever they were, I haven’t a clue. I could not positively identify them with my spare riflescope.  There were three, and they traveled in a triangle formation. No other aircraft were available in the area. I have never experienced an event like this. Three shiny objects traveling south to north in a triangular formation that traveled in a steady course with no deviation.  Thank you for reading my personal testimony.;35.3657373737373;-78.0628252525249
