Two witnesses observe a V formation of lights moving across the night sky.;2000-06-03 20:30:00;1min and 30sec approx.;1.)  Came up from the horizon in the Northeast over Kaneohe   (my first thought was fireworks).  Two witnesses involved,  second witness arrived approximately 30 sec. after the initial observation.  2.)  Traveled from left to right towards the Southwest in an unorganized group.  3.)  Some objects seemed to circle others and even back track a bit.  4.)  Continued toward Soutwest and without stoping appeared to degroup themselves and with incredible precision seemed to go to their assigned positions on que and stop......remarkable    5.)  The formation seemed to form a V with the apex point ing in the approximate direction of the northwest and located directly over the Koolau's ( a formation of vertical cliffs.  approx. 3000 ft in height) so steep that NASA Satellites cannot accurately photograph.   6.)   After the formation  appeared there were less points of light then seen in the origninal unorganized group  Almost as if groups of lights had taken up their various positions.  That would account for the points of light in the formation appearing larger.  7.)   As luck would have it, at this point the whole formation became obscured by clouds ( a common occurrence due to the trade winds rising over the mountains.)  8.)    While the clouds were obscuring the formation one point of light  (muted amber red)  took off in the direction of the south with great speed and another took off to the north a millisecond later (white) both disappeared quickly.  9.)    The other  witness claims to have seen a red point of light proceed the original grouping  I did not see that light.  10.)   Interesting to note that at approximately the same time our observation was taking place NASA  was to have a controlled re-entry of the 17 ton Compton Gamma Ray Observatory, launched in 1991.  The Satellite was supposed to enter the atmosphere along a 1,000-mile srtip of the Pacific about 2,500 miles southeast of Hawaii.  It was said that if it left its projected course sufficiently it would be in the southeast sky about 8:30 p.m. and could be obsereved here in Hawaii.  It is my opinion what we saw was a completely seperate sighting.  11.)    Added note.....at approximately 22:30 the same evening my curiosity drove me outside again to look at the sky and much to my surprise I observed another object traveling in the same direction (straight line) muted amber red in color.  This object had a ghost like form directly in front which seemed to move back and forth from right to center forward.  It seemed ghost like because I could only observe it  when I would look to the side of the main object. ( I assume this is due to the optical nerve phenomena where the object disappears when observed straight on in the dark.)  12.)     I might add I am a trained observer.  My profession is to observe even the smallest  morphological structures of the human cell under the microscope.;21.4254000000001;-157.813800000002
