A small bright object accross the sky and disappeared. No glamorous close up sighting, but extremely high for an airplane, much, much t;1998-06-27 22:40:00;minute;A small bright object accross the sky and disappeared. No glamorous close up sighting, but extremely high for an airplane, much, much to fast, no flashing or red lights. Deffinately not a shooting star. We know what these look like. It was in the Eastern horizon heading North to South. Could add better description, but just wondered if we are the only ones to report this. Seriously can not be convinced this was an airplane. At around 22:40 (EST)  on 06/27/98 in the Eastern horizon, heading North to South I observed a circular lighted object (white) that caught my attention in the night sky that appeared to be at a height that is extremely high for an airplane, and at a speed much too fast, no red or flashing lights could be seen as you usually see with airplanes.  After it traveled what seemed a great distance in a short time it disappeared. Deffinately not a shooting star which seems to burn brighter and lasts maybe a second. Witnesses: I am 38, wife 34, son 10, and daughter 9. I am still sort of a skeptic about UFO's in the sence of from other planets, so could there be a logical explanation for what we saw. It was a clear night, is it possible to see a satalite that we have orbiting around the earth, or don't these light up like what we witnessed? Has there been any other sightings at around this time? Is it possible to be contacted with a response via E-Mail, such as your professional opinion on what we saw.;43.1361;-77.4648
12 balls of fire orange light flying from East to West;2011-07-16 21:30:00;15 minutes;12 balls of fire orange light flying from East to West At approximately 9:30 pm eastern time I observed the first of about 12 balls of orange light flying slowly through the sky.  I am located in Penfield, NY, a suburb of Rochester, NY.  The lights made no sound of any kind. They were completely silent. The first appeared alone moving from the east to west and about 45 degrees above the horizon.  It continued to ascend but moving in an arc so that as it rose it also moved further from us.  The light didn’t fade out completely it just kind of turned off. Immediately after witnessing the first one, 5-6 more arrived over the tree line in the exact place where the first was seen and followed the same path as the first.  They seemed to move back and forth with each as they flew.  Meaning that the distance between each ball of light was never constant. Each ball of light did not blink as an airplane would.  It also did not have multiple lights as an airplane. These were solid fire orange lights. After this group flicked out. Another group of 4 came across following the same pattern.  While they were flying I ran to get my camera but upon my return they were too far away and again seemed to just turn off. About 3 minutes after another lone light appeared and followed the same pattern and turned out as it went high into the night sky. Each of these lights did not move fast, they did not leave a trail of light.  They flew in some sort of formation.  I would guess that it took about 30-45 seconds for each group to make their flight across the sky. This occurrence was observed by myself, my wife and our 2 children who are 6 and 8. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone on two occasions, and he seemed to us to be quite objective and credible.  We suspect that he is a very good witness.  PD));43.1361;-77.4648
I got up to use the bathroom and saw a ring of maybe 8 lights to the northwest, about the size of a bright, large star.  At first I tho;2017-02-19 12:15:00;~10 minutes;I got up to use the bathroom and saw a ring of maybe 8 lights to the northwest, about the size of a bright, large star.  At first I thought it was a plane but it stayed still and no flashing red lights.  Then I thought maybe it was a helicopter, but twice it moved extremely fast, almost like a flash, then stayed put.  Still no flashing red lights.  I went out on the deck and watched it for a couple of minutes then came upstairs to get my iPad to photograph it.  By that time it only looked like a very bright star and no separate lights in a ring like several minutes before.  When I videoed it it flashed all over, but that could be because of my unsteadiness holding the iPad.  Still, very weird.;43.1361;-77.4648
