I saw a bright light or very shiny matialic light moving at very high speed, & change of direction like nothing i ever seen befor;2003-12-31 22:50:00;3 min;I saw a bright light or very shiny matialic light moving at very high speed, & change of direction like nothing i ever seen befor It was new years eve,  at 10:30 pm.  I was on my way to my best friends house by myself to spend new yrs with them.  I was heading south on salt road.  As I was driving tword sweets corners rd.,  were i would turn left or east on sweets corner rd.  I saw a round or egg shap light.  A very bright light or even maybe a matillic shine.  I slowed down to watch the phnonomon.  First I looked to see if there was any 1 around useing a flashlight.  But there was no beam were the light could have come from.  It seemed to be a small light.  And I have never seen any air craft that could have made the turns or moves this light made.  It seemed playfull to me.  Don't ask me how I know that.  I was not afraid.  I had heard of swamp gasses and things like that ,  can look like a object hoovering.  But this light moved up and down very fast,  and moved side to side in no obvious pattern.  I am not suer if there is swears there,  but its definetly not a swamp.  I also wondered if maybe there were tatonic plates moving that they say can cause lights.  but the earth moving that i could feel in my truck.  I never got out of my truck.  Like i said it seemed small.  And i couldent figuer out why any craft would be making thouse type of turns and dives that it did.  when it looked to be close to the ground,  i did not see any illumanation of the field or grass.  very strange.  Than it took off very fast north bound,  and it was out of sight.  like it eather took off so fast and dissapeared,  or it turned the light off.  I don't no witch.  (please excuse my spelling) When I got to my friends house,  only a mile or 2 from the sighting,  i told them i think i had my first ufo sighting.  They laughed and brushed it off.    I tried to give them rational reasons for what I saw.  I am 36 yrs old.  I have known these people for 24 years.  They no me,  and that i don't just tell storys or lie. I have seen what they call floters in my eyes befor I get a migraine.  Its very normal to see thouse.  But this thing was def.  out there at the corner of salt road and sweets corner road.  I don't no what I saw,  and would love an awnswer.  But I no there are not any easy awnswers out there.;43.1361;-77.4648
