I don’t even know where or how to start this ... I just got back home with my daughter who at the time was 4 . It was sunny and pretty;2020-09-01 15:00:00;Home;I don’t even know where or how to start this ... I just got back home with my daughter who at the time was 4 . It was sunny and pretty nice out about 55-60 degrees at the time and was 320pm about when I arrived home from getting my coffee and running around.. I wanted to sit outside and finish my coffee and let my little play In our back yard. Well come 2 mins later not even my daughter yelling at me she needs to go to the bathroom and just ran inside and went ( grandmother was inside to help ) I decided to wait for her to come back outside.. 2 mins later if that ! I get this strange sense like someone or some feeling is talking telepathically to me to look into the sky and that’s when I start seeing this white egg shaped craft that had a circle looking nob on the top and bottom of it that was black the craft was all white and shaped so weird .. (there’s a picture of a craft from Rhode Island back around the 1960s if you google it this was the same exact one! I was seeing ) now this isn’t my first time with crafts appearing around me and close so I remembered to get my phone out and start snapping pictures as fast as I could. I didn’t want to seem crazy once again trying to explain myself and getting worked up .. well I noticed as the craft appeared from one side it moved quickly to the other end until I could see it no more .. but what’s messed up is it seemed to move slow with what my eyes seen but what really gets me is it moved so quick from one side to other but In slow motion and had felt as if time was focused and stopped on this craft .. as crazy as this sounds I have pictures but the pictures seem as if this craft tried to change its shape when I took the pictures because it dose not look the same as I was seeing the craft it blows my mind but one thing is for sure I still have the pictures saved for proof and showed close family members and explained to them what happened and they even agree it’s strange.. of course b! eing this was daytime and it seems as if time stopped when thi! s craft moved across and no one was around to catch it but me and it scared me.. trust me I went back inside as I wasn’t wanting to stay out much longer..  side note this craft was pretty low flying to the point my jaw was dropped how I could be the only one seeing this thing but the way it made feel about time as moving forward and backward almost was like it could control time and lost track how long it lasted flying over was strange and can’t really believe I got pictures still.. hopefully this helps if anyone seen or had a similar experience.;41.8547;-71.4736
