I am a 68 year old retired president of an international trade association.My nephew and I  were driving on a remote hightway in the mo;1991-04-13 23:45:00;20 seconds;I am a 68 year old retired president of an international trade association.  My nephew and I  were driving on a remote hightway in the mountains of Colorado between Durango and Pagosa Srings, Coloradoat 11:45 PM.  This is a secluded stretch of highway where the mountains come down to the road on both sides.  My 23 year old nephew who is an areonautical engineer was driving while I was keeping a lookout for elk on the highway.  All of a sudden, the highway above and ahead of us for several hundred yards was lit like with street lights, although the light was indescribably soft and misty.  It did not alarm us.  Knowing this stretch of the road I knew there were no highway lights but accepted them and then looked up through the windshield to see their source.  There was a car coming from the opposite direction about a quarter mile away.  As I looked up through the windshield, I saw a huge round disc like soft light with grey metalic material surrounding it.  Then, I looked down the road above us and was able to count seven similiar lights.  They seemed to be approximately 40-50 ft. in diameter and about 100 feet above us.  I had just finished counting the lights when the object disappeared in a beautiful curving motion.  I then looked up in the clear dark sky and saw the object which in a split second went from something that seemed 400-500 yards long to a tiny two inch object way up in the sky where all we could see were the row of lights.  Then it disappeared.  I told my nephew not to discuss what we experienced until we got home 15 minutes later and wrote down our observations.  Our observations were identical with the exception that my nephew thought the object was only about 75 feet above our car.  The next morning we went to the local Pagosa Springs airport and talked with the airport manager.  He said a neighbor of his had a similar long lighted object hover over their home which was about 35 miles from our encounter.  WE reported our sighting to the local Sheriffs office.  After thinking about the experience, it was obvious that the UFO was traveling the same speed as our car (about 45 MPH), as the lights appeared to be stationary.;37.2523;-107.0385
Huge long narrow aircraft with seven huge lights appeared 100 ft. above our car and followed us for approximately a half mile;1993-04-13 23:45:00;30 Seconds;Huge long narrow aircraft with seven huge lights appeared 100 ft. above our car and followed us for approximately a half mile We were driving from Durango, Colorado to Pagosa Springs, Colorado on an unlit, remote highway.  We were traveling about 55 MPH.  My nephew, an aeronautical engineer, was driving my car so I could watch for elk on the highway, being the spring of the year.   All of a sudden the highway in front of us lit up for a distance of approximately a quarter to half a mile in front of us.  The light was a very soft misty light and for some reason it didn't alarm us, it just appeared.   Being in the passanger seat, I bent up over the dashboard to see what was above us.  What I saw directly above our car was a huge soft, round light about 35-50 ft. in diameter.  As I looked closely, I could see greyish metal surrounding the light but could discern no definite shape.   Then, looking directly ahead and just above the car, I counted seven of these round lights in a row down the highway.   As I was peering directly up above the car, the ufo suddenly made an elegant curving motion just above our car and in a fraction of a second was gone.  As it made the turn, we could see the individual lights bending as the craft went skyward at thousands of miles per hour.   The next moment I could see it far off in the sky with the lights in a row but the object now looked about two inches long and then it disappeared.  The craft made no noise. I asked my nephew not to discuss what we saw until we arrived home and wrote everything down, including drawings.  The only discrepancy between us was I thought the craft was about 100 ft. above the car and he thought it was only about 75 ft. above. The next morning, we went to the local Pagosa Springs airport and spoke with the airport manager.  He said his neighbor  had seen a similar huge craft hovering over his house that night.   After having time to consider everything, we realized the ufo had to be traveling the same speed as our car as we were driving as it didn't seem to be moving at all.  The one end of the craft was directly above the car.   We reported it to the local Sheriff but he didn't seem interested and made no notes.;37.2523;-107.0385
Just before dark, I was looking off my porch to the west mountians and saw a blinking white light rising very slowly into the ski until;1999-09-12 20:55:00;3min;Just before dark, I was looking off my porch to the west mountians and saw a blinking white light rising very slowly into the ski until i could not see it any longer.  This object was huge.  It was quite a site;37.2523;-107.0385
