Bright lights look like a star, moves fast and stops, circles a standard craft, they circle the area and return to larger craft several;2012-08-05 01:00:00;2 hours;Bright lights look like a star, moves fast and stops, circles a standard craft, they circle the area and return to larger craft several I’ve never reported anything I’ve seen until now and it’s hard to believe but I had to report this. It has happened 2 times before and I never said anything.  There is a set of lights that stay in a standard spot but moves around alittle each night I see it.  The smaller crafts move around a lot and move in several directions but always comes back to the standard one. The smaller crafts move around low to the ground compaired to normal plains and there isn’t any sound at all which is weard.  Also, they seem to stop from time to time and lower down some then take back off up and in another direction.  The slow down and stop for several minutes before moveing on again. I have seem up to 8 in one night.  At first they look like stars but they move alittle then they get closer and you start to see the lights.  They are very small crafts and have a white light on each side that is white and turns red.  Sometimes they flash.  The middle has a small white light and a red one. Like I said there is not any sound and they move super fast some times but normally very slow and low to the ground but I put a light on it and it was gone in seconds. It was almost effortless for  it.  They go in one direction til its out of site then comes back about 20 minutes later and meets the standard craft.  From there they go into another direction and returns.  They do a odd thing sometimes, they line up with a star and just set there until another comes up and they fly off again. I have seen this two times before but they did not stay in the area this long.  It's been several hours and they keep returning to the standard craft.  I thought the large craft was a star for most of the night til I noticed it was moveing  around more.  The small crafts can set still for long amounts of time and when they lower down you cant hear any sound at all.  I tried to take a picture with my phone but I couldn’t find them in the screen to record them. It has been several hours now and the standard craft is still there.  The smaller ones are still returning just like before.  They are always around the large clouds when they are seen.  It is like they try and stay behind the cloud and the smaller ones leave when they large one gets behind the clouds.  It sometimes looks as if the clouds just stop when that happens. Its not like anything I have ever seen but if it still keeps happening   I’ll see them again because this is weard and has happened before. I ready would like to know whats going on and why there is small crafts surrounding the area and why here because there isn’t much in this area.;35.7342431034482;-77.9305896551727
