Small red and white lights hovering arond area for hours,comeing together as a triangle, moveing west  with night fall;2012-08-13 23:00:00;4 hours;Small red and white lights hovering arond area for hours,comeing together as a triangle, moveing west  with night fall I know its getting to you but I really need your help.  I’m trying everything I can to record these things flying around my house almost every freakn night.  There is no way they are just planes because these things just set in the same spots for hours sometime before slowly moveing off. Some look like really bright stars but if you watch them among other star you can see they move around a lot. I was able to catch 2 on my recorder at night fall and one of the really bright ones at night. My recorder won’t work to good at night so stars show up but the light does.  There seem to be 2 different types of flying objects.  One has 2 whits light and smaller red ones between the white ones.  The other is several small white and red lights that look to rotate in cirles like its spinning.  I star to see them at night fall and on thru the night.  A lot of times the smaller one form a triangle when they get in that form they seem to go off in another direction but come back later on and separate and go in different directions. I just need help to figure out how to record them or catch them.  It is Sunday night and I started watching them about 8:30pm til around 1:00am and I counted 22 sightings. I don’t know if it was the same ones leaveing and comeing back but I have seen up to 6 in the sky at the same time. They cross one another and come within feet of one another and just stop and set there for a few minutes then take off again.  I can’t see air planes getting that close. The one I recorder in day light looks like a mirror flying by it was so bright. At that moment there was 3 in the air but I could only get one clearly because my recorder wouldn’t zoom in any more plus they are fast to follow. I even got what looked like a jet following that one but  left the jet way behind.  I never thought That stuff like that was real but after I saw the first one I kept looking up and on a clear night I could see a lot of them. If they are planes then ! I guess every plane in the area goes over my house. What gets ! me is ho w many there is and how low they are. Plus they seem to just set in spots for along  time. Everytime I try to record or watch them they stay at the edge of the clouds and for some reason my recorder battery dies within minutes. I only recorder like 10 minutes all together and the battery was dead after being fully charged. Its never done that til now. During the day if they are close you start to record but the object doesn’t show up in the recorder but the streamer  is still there.  You know how jets leave a cloud streamer behind them. Well, these do to but that’s all you can see in the camera but you can clearly see the object with your eyes. Plus my recorder uses the tape to record and dew at night messes with the camera so it hard to do. But I did get the really bright one where all of the other smaller ones meet up at before flying off.  I need help figuring out how to catch better recordings of these so I can prove what Im saying. The few recordings I have are not enou! gh for me. If I have to I’ll buy a better recorder because these aren’t planes. I’ve watched them for almost a month. But they seem to be returning more than before or I just noticed it. I’ve watched them every night for 2 weeks. Even on cloudly nights you can see them sometimes. From 8pm til midnight is the best  I’ve seem. I put a spot light on one and about 4 can back and just circled around for about a hour before moveing away. I did notice that when they form a triangle the lights look almost orange and brighter but I’ve only seem that twice in a week. Please reply or tell me how to catch a clear view to show others.;35.7342431034482;-77.9305896551727
Riding us 42 east,notice a large object worth red,orange, white lights, heard no noise,later it moved further away,then a white round l;2018-07-16 00:00:00;Hour;Riding us 42 east, notice a large object worth red, orange, white lights, heard no noise, later it moved further away, then a white round light flashed by object, was actually freaked out to see something like  this,  brother had been telling us he's seen for months on different nights.;35.7342431034482;-77.9305896551727
