Bright single point-source non-moving light similar to Venus but outside ecliptic plane much brighter bursts for 20 seconds ,then fades;2002-02-15 19:36:00;20 seconds<>;Bright single point-source non-moving light similar to Venus but outside ecliptic plane much brighter bursts for 20 seconds ,then fades The writer has done work with the Regina Astronomical society so my observation is not one based on lack of training. At approx. 7:36pm, an extremely bright single point-source white light similar in appearance to Venus but much brighter was seen directly north and positioned between big and little dipper: there was no movement against star field at first sight it was at least three times brighter than Venus at its' best but then faded out within about 20 seconds.  Since this is outside the ecliptic plane I assumed it could have been: 1:  A flare fired from mountains north of city, but the elevation was too high. 2:  A balloon (but what made the bright light)? 3:  A meteor seen head-on (but there was no motion, no arc, no directional movement) 4:  A Nova (extremely rare). 5:  Something military unexplained! 6:  Aircraft (but again there was no motion against star field).;49.339526993865;-123.037974846626
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  A bright yellow streak of what looked like fire with drips coming off the bottom of the flames.;2004-05-16 23:00:00;varies;Hi Brian, have been seeing those mysterious lights every night that its clear and so far have found about a dozen that I can see from my window. I get a lot a glare from the city lights and they are about the brightest lights in the sky. I've been seeing lights appear and disappear over Seymour Mtn. nearly every night so last night right after sunset aimed my camera over there. Just got it set up when I saw a large streak of what looked like fire appear in the sky over Grouse Mtn. It was about twice the height of Grouse and I didn't see any object at the head of it. Just a bright yellow streak of what looked like fire with drips coming off the bottom of the flames.  Can't think of proper way to describe it. Sort of like throwing burning gasoline. Appeared just above summit and disappeared above the bottom of the ski run. Time was 21:30 still quite a bit of light in the sky. 21:52 - Camera picked up a white light moving east just over Seymour, I assumed it was a small plane but was unable to see it with either pair of binoculars. I zoomed in with the camera but was unable to see any fuselage behind the light even though it was still fairly light and I should have been able to see something. 22:03 - Camera picked up what appeared to be a similar light approaching  Seymour Mtn. light stopped just above the summit. Unable to see it through binoculars. I zoomed in with the camera and it looked like those other mysterious lights. Object began moving slowly eastward just above mountains in half and hour it was over Indian Arm and at one hour over Heritage Mountain north of Port Moody. I stopped tracking at that point.  02:00 - Was just scanning the sky with the camera, came across what looked like three stars in perfect triangle all equal in size and brightness. I tried zooming in on each of them and they all appeared to look like luminous slowly pulsing pearls, quite pretty actually. They didn't appear to be very far away as they filled the screen right away while the starts around them were hardly magnified at all. I don't know if they were connected to anything as I couldn't see anything except blackness around them. I could see faint stars all around but nothing showed between them. They were about 80 degrees overhead and just slightly to the NW of my location. Was looking at a star chart and Virgo looks somewhat similar but does not appear to be quite the same shape.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com Redirect: http://www.brianvike.com Redirect: http://www.hbccuforesearch.com;49.339526993865;-123.037974846626
