Strong red, blue, green and white strobbing lights that can reqadily be seen with the naked eye. ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2004-09-02 20:00:00;five hours plus;Strong red, blue, green and white strobbing lights that can reqadily be seen with the naked eye. We (my wife and I) first noticed a revolving light (Red, Green, Blue and White just over Grouse Mountain, in North Vancouver, BC at 1:00 am about August 1, 2004.  It was just hovering over the mountain as noted.  At first we thought it was a radio tower light as it stayed in one place too long to be a helicopter.  However the next day we looked for a tower and realized that there was none plus with the height from the mountain top (which we positioned via a tree from our apartment) that it was two high.  We face north towards Grouse Mountain and the light was a slight North East direction. We noted it Fridays and Saturdays for about three weeks.  It has since progressed to three ships for lack of a better word every night they are in a triangular sector of a great yet equal distance apart (based on kilometers about 70 k apart.... One always shines brighter and we assume it is closer to our location.  Two nights ago as we watched the closer set of lights shot out three bright beams of light to the North East.  We usually observe said lights on and off for about three to four hours each night now as they appear early now usually around 9:00 PM.  They do change position after a few hours but as we do not sit outside for the full time we do not see that actual change of position, but the spacing between said lights always seems to be consistent.  Tonight (September 2, 2004) there has been a change as now there are four separate sets of revolving/hovering lights.  We can readily see them with the naked eye and once we can purchase a telescope we intend to look closer.  We have been contemplating contacting the Vancouver Observatory but we are not sure if they will take us serious.  We do not have photos to send as at present we do not have a camera.  The only time we cannot observe the lights in question is when the sky is cloud covered. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a twinkling star, but that is a guess.  PD));49.339526993865;-123.037974846626
