Saw blue ball of light fall from sky then craft seem to check it out then skip across sky like a rock on water extremely fast.;2014-08-28 20:30:00;7 minutes;Saw blue ball of light fall from sky then craft seem to check it out then skip across sky like a rock on water extremely fast. At approximately 8:30pm last night I was standing in my back yard in Sayville, on Long Island, New York with 3 other witnesses having a conversation.   I happened to be facing south with my eyes just starting to drift upward when suddenly I saw a ball of light fall from the sky leaving a trail behind it.  The object was blue-ish in color and large as to say it must have been closer than the stars and possibly even in the neighborhood.   I stopped what I was doing and said “ woahh did any one just see that, that definitely wasn’t a shooting star, it looked like something just crashed.”  It happened that this object fell directly over the Great South Bay.   I was very shocked by what I saw because I have been a bit of a star gazer for quite some time and I know what a shooting star looks like.   After about 2 more minutes of staring up to see if anything else occurred, I shrugged it off and walked in side to do something.  I returned to the back yard approximately 6 to 7 minutes after the sighting, my uncle had been still gazing in that direction in curiosity, when about 30 seconds after I returned he said, “There is something else over there.”   I looked and I saw a flash of light skip twice on the sky in the area where the other object had crashed or fallen, I was even skeptical at first and said, “No, that can’t be related.  It’s probably fireworks, or something, searching for some explanation,” when all of a sudden, the object seemed to have finished what it was doing in that area and began to make abrupt evasive seeming maneuvers across the sky.  However, it wasn’t just one long flash of light, the best way I can describe it is it was like a rock skipping on water, using some kind of propulsion mechanism which must have been the light that we saw each time it appeared, and with each burst of light the object was propelled tens of miles (from my earthly perspective, and it may have been much longer given the distance that it was into the night sky)   In approximately one second at a time, beginning its r! etreat f rom the scene of the first object by making an abrupt left turn then headed north and the light appeared about 5 or 6 more times before vanishing into the sky about 60 miles or so in about  7 or 8 seconds, or you might say the light appeared once every second of its journey from point A to point B where it disappeared. 	I live close to MacArthur Airport, and I see planes all day every day, and every kind of plane there is, I also worked at a Skydiving facility with seasoned pilots and worked around planes so I have a good sense of what we are capable of in aviation, so a few things I know is that this was not a plane or any known human aircraft, there were multiple commercial airliners in the vicinity to compare it to and this was traveling many times their speed.   This was also too close to the airport for this not to have been picked up on by radar, something crashed or fell into the Great South Bay, and something seemed to have gone to recover it and then tried to escape without being seen, or is it possible that this was the same object recovering from its crash landing and the reason I say that is because it looked as if when the craft was traveling away from the scene it was using some kind of propulsion system thus creating the light that we saw each time it moved another handful of miles across the sky,  but it’s obvious that whatever energy or propulsion system that it was using is not one that is known to the public, because one thrust sent it very far, also being that it was not just one constant light, it felt as if possibly the craft was struggling to escape, however on its final thrust it just vanished into the sky. 	The observers consisted of two women in their 50’s and a man in his 50’s as well as me a 25 year old.  The other male observer and I have knowledge of technology, assumed ufos, and the night sky.  I have observed the sky for many years,  I have witnessed many meteor showers, including a shooting star that night, we also saw a satellite pass later that night, and the sky was very clear and cloudless, stars were extremely visible, meaning we had many known objects to compare it to.  I live in an area which is close to Fire Island, which is an area that is well populated with tourists and parties and these objects had to be visible and most likely seen by other people there.  I will add that last week I also witnessed similar lights but much higher in the sky coming from the exact direction that this object disappeared into.  I can not say if it is related but it was very similar although this incident was much more intense and much closer.  Thank you.;40.7434;-73.0761000000001
