Bright multi-colored appearance with irratic movements.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of the star, Sirius?  PD));2007-01-04 18:00:00;1 hour;Bright multi-colored appearance with irratic movements. We have seen this before over the summer of 2006 but did not report this sighting.  The best way for us to describe this is that it first appears to be a very bright star and it does not move or change direction or shape at first.  On closer inspection with binoculars it is seen to have 3 lights, (a red, blue and white) which blink on and off, but not like airplane lights. It makes no sound and acts as if it knows it is being observed, which is one of the creepiest aspects of this. Then it begins to move ever so slightly as if it is hovering and has no noise. It remains stationary and then begins to change shape, getting less bright but the colors remain. It will stay like this for about 30 minutes longer before disappearing quickly. I have never seen anything like it before.  We have a good view of this from our kitchen window. Every night for a week in the summer of 2006 we saw it and it would come out in the same location but at a later time, around 11:30 p.m. and stay until around 1:00 a.m. I almost called the authorities about it but I assumed they would think we were nuts. My husband, the skeptic, was even intrigued by it and stood out in the back yard and watched it for 1/2 hour. Even he could not figure it out. My son and I were the ones who watched it tonight however,(1/5/07). It is always located in the southwest corner of the field behind us, eventually moving and disappearing suddenly to the northwest. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of the star, Sirius?  PD));30.5147908098259;-97.6699028207436
Bright lights in triangle from moving and changing over Round Rock, TX;2009-02-01 21:00:00;1 hour;Bright lights in triangle from moving and changing over Round Rock, TX Ever since about the beginning of February 2009, above Round Rock, TX a triangular object with lights that change from white to blue to back to white has been above the city. It always appears out of the western hemisphere, and does nothing but sweep from north to south for roughly one hour at a time then just disappears. The way I know it is not a series of stars is because even when cloudy outside the lights are still there, and they create a shimmer on the clouds as they are passing by them. Here lately a second set of lights has appeared over the sky so that there is now a total of 6 lights between 21:00 and 23:00. Have not seen any more than that but do know that every night the lights are again out and about doing whatever it is they are doing. The formation they tend to fly in is an over and under type formation with a slight stagger in between the two. The first ship will by slightly higher in altitude and a good bit above the second while the second tends to move a little bit slower almost as if to be scanning for anything the first ship did not pick up or see. Each night they move closer and closer towards the actual city. The size of the object is really hard to tell because of how far out it appears to be, but at the best estimate I would give the object roughly 1mile in length due to the size it appears and the distance it seems to stay at. The two people who I know may have seen it would be myself and brother. Both of which are completely fascinated by it because we have some sense of background with airplanes and knowledge of the air force from family history. I myself have studied planes because I wanted to be a pilot and this object is nothing like any air plane I have ever seen or ever even thought about. Its movements are the biggest reason it comes across peculiar to me because it does not move like any aircraft known to man can move it moves almost as if its just floating from point A to point B. The other unique thing is that unlike most aircraft that make a slight noise when flying even from a distance this object makes no noise, and seems to draw almost no attention. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));30.5147908098259;-97.6699028207436
