Bronze oval craft with bright flashing lights witnessed in vicinity with airplane in daytime sky;2011-10-07 18:00:00;2-3 Minutes;Bronze oval craft with bright flashing lights witnessed in vicinity with airplane in daytime sky At approximately 6:00 PM in clear, bright skies I had just returned from work, sitting in my driveway in front of my home. I was on the telephone (connected to my car speakers) with my friend. While I was sitting in my driveway for an elapsed time of about 20 minutes talking to my friend, I noticed a dark large object very low in the sky that had caught my attention from my peripheral vision. I could not believe my eyes. I was staring at this bronze flying object gliding extremely low in the sky with colorful flashing lights.  It was an oval shape, a dark bronze color with very large square windows that had red, yellow, and blue (and/or green) lights that flashed in a circular motion throughout the craft (at very fast speeds the lights were flashing around). I was shocked and while still connected to my friend on the telephone, I explained what I was witnessing and said I cannot believe what I see! I am witnessing a UFO fly over me right now.  Of course, mos! t people's responses are Yea, right and that's exactly what my friend said. I opened up my car window and stuck practically my entire body out the window while I followed this object and did not take my eyes off of it.  It was gliding effortlessly throughout the sky, as it floated on by me with no noise coming from it. While it increased in height, there was an airplane within within what I presume as 150-300 feet moving in the opposite direction.  I watched as this airplane came so close to this object that I was fearful the airplane was going to collide with this object. Comparing the airplane to the craft, the craft appeared to be much larger to scale than the plane. This flying object had no wings, was a deep bronze color, and had brilliant colorful lights radiating from the 360 degree windows on the craft. As the plane flew past this craft, I continued to watch the craft get smaller and smaller as it flew further, and higher into the sky. I tried photographing what I w! as witnessing with my BlackBerry, but unfortunately could not ! get the camera to focus on what I was witnessing. As I watched, still with my head out my car window, the craft continued to float further and further away, and simply vanished into thin air. There was no clouds from what I saw in the sky, so unless it went into a fog, this thing literally vanished from my eyesight. I am 100% certain what I witnessed was a UFO.;40.6119682531091;-74.147436073553
Reflective silver UFO seen during a lightning storm.;2017-08-18 18:30:00;1 minute;Reflective silver UFO seen during a lightning storm. I walked outside during a lightning storm right before it started to downpour and noticed a black metallic object in the sky travelling further away.   As it began to pick up speed you could notice the object spinning and had a silver/metallic tint to it.   After about 50 seconds you can see it reflecting the trees beneath it, and it disappeared.;40.6119682531091;-74.147436073553
I saw an air craft that looked and sounded like a helicopter and after staring at it it sent a surge of heat/radiation through my body;2020-07-21 03:00:00;10 minutes maybe longer;I saw an air craft that looked and sounded like a helicopter and after staring at it it sent a surge of heat/radiation through my body I was watching the air craft thinking it was a helicopter.  I’ve been seeing it for the passed 2 weeks.  This time it was close. I thought there was a pending investigation near by because it sounded like a chopper as Well And it also had red white and blue lights like an nypd car does when its sirens are on.  I checked citizens app but there were no recent crimes. I stared at it for a while until I believe it noticed me because it sort of played peek a boo and went right behind the house in front of me but in a distance.  It then disappeared But to get closer to me but more higher and out of sight hard to explain.  Then it went back to where it was by the building.  At this point for some reason I thought police were probably going to arrest me. And that’s when i felt this heat like feeling going through my body.  Starting at my head.. like some sort of radiation. Burning me like frying me. And that’s when I realized it was the craft. I honestly thought it was the government putting something into the air with everything going on during these times. and I thought I would wake up and find it all over the news or on instagram but after looking All over there were no sightings near me reported. I ran inside the house because I never felt such a thing. I was scared. Weak.  I told the people I was around that I felt I may die of cancer from the brain because that’s where it burned most.  I had a headache for the next 3-4 hours.  I was scared of the dark and kept all lights on. Woke up a friend and my daughter.  My friend didn’t believe me but my daughter said she did because she never saw me so scared before. I told her it started 2 weeks ago.  That I saw this bright looking little star though the sky light in the ceiling.  That is when she looked and said there was only one star there at that moment.  When I looked it it blinked red and disappeared.  I warned my daughter to stop staring at it and never look at it if she ever saw it again.  That’s when she really believed me.;40.6119682531091;-74.147436073553
