Three lights, blinking in sequential order, Consistent disctance between lights, in a straight line.;2009-12-15 18:15:00;8 minutes;Three lights, blinking in sequential order, Consistent disctance between lights, in a straight line. Between 6:15 to about 6:23  I left my office at around 6:10 PM.  I am about 3 miles from home.  As I was driving down the main street I notice three lights in the sky in a straight line. The sky is typical heavy traffic area for planes heading to the St. Louis Airport, which is approximately 27 miles east of this occurrence. What caught my eye was these lights were spread apart quite a bit, but consistent in distance and they were in a straight line and blinking in sequential order (1-2-3, etc.)  I thought that perhaps that what I was seeing was a tower of some sort that I didn’t notice before because it would be abnormal to see places flying in this formation.  Plus, these planes were not headed towards the airport, nor were they, from my position coming from the direction of the main airport.  That’s why I thought they could be tower lights that warn low flying planes at night. But, that was not the case. As I continued down the main road (which is a busy road) I stretched to see them out my front and passenger window.  I don’t ever recall seeing lights like this as a steady fixture, so I was trying to think of what it could be.  Once I lost sight of the lights, since they were in my blind spot, I continued on and entered into my neighborhood.  Once I am in my neighborhood I have to back track towards where I came from to get to my house.  That’s when I saw the lights again.  It was clear that it was not a tower as they appeared to be moving west. I ran in the house, asked my husband to go outside in the back yard and tell me what that is in the sky.  I didn’t even turn off my car or park it in the garage as I wanted him to see this and explain what it was that I was seeing before it was out of our sight line.  He is a 23-year military veteran and very familiar with various military air craft.   Looking through the bare trees in our yard, he said he didn’t know, but was sure that military planes wouldn’t fly in such as straight line with lights that blinked sequentially.  I went in and grabbed the camera and went out front of the house to see if I could get a better view.  A house was blocking the view, so we got in the car.  We figured we could get to an open space and at least be able to get a better view. Both of us thought to head west as that’s where it seem to be going towards, and we were going down a road that had  a wide open view of the sky.  We should have at least been able to see the object in the distance, but we drove a few miles and saw nothing but the normal air traffic that is common. This was in a busy area, so I think that my husband and I can't be the only one to see this!  IF there is a logical explanation, it would be nice to know what that was flying over Missouri.;38.7856444104135;-90.7338482388968
Tilted object with lights in the night sky hovering, and traveling low.;2012-02-17 22:30:00;5 minutes;Tilted object with lights in the night sky hovering, and traveling low. The object we saw was very low and proceeded to get lower as it passed.  It was shaped like an x, and on each side was two headlights.  We also spotted a red blinking light in the middle.  The object was turning to the left and proceeded to spin in the same direction.  It was traveling pretty quickly and it felt really close to us. It was hovering in one spot for a minute and as we got closer it tilted and was going downward progressing its speed. When we spotted it we were driving in the car and saw it in front of us and stopped to look at it. After about 5 minutes it was out of our sight. It went behind some houses.  Some other people I talked to said that they had seen it also. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.7856444104135;-90.7338482388968
