Swirling bolt of light or lightning.;2015-07-10 21:15:00;2-3 seconds;Swirling bolt of light or lightning Tonight around 9:15PM I saw what appeared to be a swirling lightning bolt swirling towards the sky.  It was going away from the earth.  It also appeared out of nowhere and then vanished just as quickly. The object resembled a bright white and yellow cork screw lightning bolt.  Only it did not act like lightning.  It was moving away from earth and was bigger and had two different distinct colors. The location of the object was directly north in the horizon.  It was just above the mountains.  It was not high in the sky and not too low. I was on my balcony looking towards the Santa Monica Mountains when I saw the glowing bright light rod appear.  It resembled a strange swirling corkscrew bolt of lightning, but it came out of nowhere.  It was bright!  It resembled a lightning bolt, but slightly different. It looked like the corkscrew motion was going towards the sky. It was a glowing. It has two distinct colors to the bolt. One part was a bluish white color and the other part was yellow. The colors were separate from one another, but were swirled together like different colored shoelaces. The bolt resembled a swirling portal. It was unbelievable. I've never ever seen anything like that. It was massive.  Just eye level in the sky and appeared out of nowhere, swirled towards the sky, then vanished.  A helicopter immediately came to the seen right after.  Not sure if it was coincidence, but very odd timing. If I had to guess the distance from my balcony to the object over the mountains, I would say it was 10 miles away directly in my viewpoint.  It was in the center horizon of the sky, eye level just above the mountains.  It appeared to be 3 feet in height vertically from where I was located, so it was huge!  It was the weirdest bolt of lightning that I ever witnessed. Sighting lasted 2-3 seconds at the most, but it seemed like a long time because I couldn't believe what I was witnessing.  It wasn't a craft, but it was definitely extraordinary.;33.9705;-118.4308
