Bright yellowish orange football shaped light over western Ironto, Ohio;2007-03-16 10:15:00;3 minutes;Bright yellowish orange football shaped light over western Ironto, Ohio 3/16/07: At approximately 10:15am, I saw a bright yellowish, orange football shaped light pulse over western Ironton in Ohio. It was cloudy and raining as I was driving towards the most westerly exit of Ironton, I noticed this bright yellowish orange football shaped light in a horizontal position, low over the most westerly part of Ironton, to the south of the McDonalds’ arch I pulled off the second exit, turned left toward the Ironton Hills mall and proceeded to the nearest portion of the mall that would allow me an unobstructed view of the town below me. I thought about getting the attention of the nearest person to me who was a man smoking a cigarette alone. I let him be due to the nature of this situation as he might think I was mentally ill. I kept my mind on the task at hand: to get a good photo. I took two photos, one on the horizontal axis and the second on the vertical. I viewed the object through the viewfinder when I took the pictures as I sat in my truck facing the south. Nothing showed up in the photos after they were developed but I saw it with mine own eyes. I went back to the same exact area at the Ironton Hills mall (about 11:30am), after my appointment, and I could not find what I had seen before. I scanned the pics into my pc and opened up the file with Microsft Picture Library and to my surprise there is an acorn shaped craft slightly about and to the left of the McDonalds' arch. It was not like the what I had seen with mine own eyes but it was in the same spot where I had seen the football shaped light. I called the sheriff dispatch and she was interested and commented that a sargent who Eats this kind of stuff up (her words)and he would call me back. The dispatcher commented that that particular McDonalds' in located on state road 93 in western Ironton,Ohio.;38.5263000000001;-82.6679000000003
