High, dark oval object not consistant with planes.;2007-07-15 17:33:00;2 Minutes;High, dark oval object not consistant with planes. My friend and I were golfing on the 3rd hole of Mount Hood Golf Course located in Melrose, MA. The time listed is exact.  Weather was sunny with some clouds. While waiting for golfers in front of us, and watching golfers behind us shoot to the green we noticed a dark, oval object in the sky. The color was nearly black with a tint of brown, no lights and no reflection from the sun.  The object was a good distance to us, fairly high in the sky. It was completely circular with no apparent wings or propulsion. We saw several low flying Jetliners from Logan Airport afterwards, and this object was much higher. It moved at a constant speed, remaining at the same altitude the entire time it was visible. I attempted to take a picture with my cell phone but I am sadly not well versed in using that feature. We pointed the object out to the golfers behind us on Hole 2, whom were just as mystified as ourselves. The object seemed to be more over northwest Melrose and Wakefield as Hole 3 runs south by southwest (I Believe per google maps), and we overlooked hole 2 to view the object. We lost sight of the object after 2 minutes behind a cloud. After seeing so many planes that day at different altitudes from just taking off to extremely high (35,000 FT), we both could tell this was no aircraft. The first debunking ideas after viewing the object that came to my mind were the following: Dark colored balloon, Blimp or or kite. I can rule out the blimp, as we saw the Hood Blimp returning from Boston from the Red Sox game that afternoon fly over us later that evening. The balloon is possible, but what is difficult is that a balloon would wobble with wind. This object stayed on-course and was unwaivering steady in its course of movement. Finally the kite theory is hard because it traveled such a distance (at least a mile) while we were viewing it. Thank you, I will provide contact information for NUFORC and they are welcome to contact me.;42.4597;-71.0638
