Having 1st  beer (drinking day) on deck, yellow lite on, decended NW to SW erratic in <90s. AFB said no activity in area.;2000-06-29 23:50:00;<90 seconds;Having 1st  beer (drinking day) on deck, yellow lite on, decended NW to SW erratic in <90s. AFB said no activity in area. Object appeared suddenly as yellow light 3 times the brightnes of brightest stars around in NW direction at attitude? of 4 fist lengths above horizon.  UFO moved erratically like an insect, drunken driver, or balloon in descending path toward the Southwest.  It disappeared behind trees in less than 90 seconds. From  my line of sight it never went more than 1/4 inch w/o change in yaw(?) or pitch most often 1/8th or less.  Total change of bearing about 90 degrees in no more than 90 seconds.  About 5 foot spread of my arms, my height is 5' 6.  Traverse seemed steady but erratic compared to background stars and trees 100 to 300 feet away at 2 fist lengths above horizon.  Called my wife to observe and she thought it was something she had never seen.  I'm pretty alert for almost 73 and she's a sharpie at 70. At first I thought landing lights of plane in heavy crosswinds.  Then helicopter in some crazy manuevers.  Even harrier putting on a show.  Didn't make much sense.  Hardly any breeze.  Too quick response for copter.  Beale AFB security, command  said no more activity after dark, checked with PRAPA(?) their satelite trackers and reported nothing at that azimuth(?).  Object disappeared behind trees just where Beale might be some 15miles to the SW.  Probably some hotshot AF checking his bombing run manuevers, right?  They do  U-2, Blackbird, and other stealth stuff there. Also they ate supposed to have radar responsibility for the entire US Northeast.  Cripes, if they didn't  get a blip we're in big doo-doo. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at some length with the gentleman who submitted this report, and we found him to be exceptionally impressive as an observer.  He exhibited no tendency to embellish the data surrounding the event, and we suspect his description above is quite accurate.  Please see report from other location in California for the same date and approximate time.   PD));39.2032;-121.1958
2-5 small white light ships fly around in a circular pattern every night for hours and hours also forming triangles.;2011-10-27 20:30:00;3 hours;2-5 small white light ships fly around in a circular pattern every night for hours and hours also forming triangles. For three nights this week I have been watching some very interesting craft fly around in the south west direction of the sky from Penn Valley with a few of my friends. So far there are 3-5 craft that fly around in what looks like a big circle. We can see them brighter as they get closer and dimmer when they are farthest away making this huge circle and as they move they form a triangle several times. One night there were four and I saw them for almost 2.5 hours. Another time three of them were out and they have been out almost every night since late August. Tonight there were four of them again and they flew the same pattern for an hour. These are not aircraft.  They were filmed by Nevada City TV and I will have a CD next week. When zoomed in you can see some small orange and blue lights and you cannot see any exhaust of any kind, so they cannot be internal combustion engines. So, another option is battery power, but batteries are very heavy and I don't see how we could have anything that would keep flying for that long on batteries. So what power source? Could they be UFO's. You be the judge. They flash slowly with white light. The guy who filmed this from Nevada City TV was bit of a skeptic, but now that he saw them for 2.5 hours, he said - I don't know what they are. He zoomed in with his big camera and filmed it for about an hour and we could see a bit of orange and blue then, with mostly white light that slowly fades and gets bright in about 3 seconds. They are there every night at around 8:30 and stay for hours. There are ! always 2 and up to 5 flying around. I contacted Beale AFB and a Staff Sergeant in public relations was interested, and said she would ask around to see what they could be. I haven't heard from her yet but I did tell her anyone can come up and see them. A guy from Nevada City TV said he was going to see if he could get Sierra College to use their telescope to see them. I will be calling the FAA and Sac airport to see how they respond. These appear to be about 30-60 miles away. A video has been made and can be sent next week to investigators. Everyone tells me it is military but these are not in my opinion, even though they are flying right over Beale AFB.;39.2032;-121.1958
