VERY Large Craft silently flys overhead slowly to the east, accompanied by large electric blue explosion;2005-01-31 19:00:00;5 minutes;VERY Large Craft silently flys overhead slowly to the east, accompanied by large electric blue explosion At 6:15 the power went out at our house. we live in the foothills around a lake and when the power goes out I get a great view of the stars without light pollution. about 7:00pm pst. I went outside to look at the stars. The winds had picked up to substantially. It was difficult to stand, news reports gust of 60mph+ I was looking up not thinking much of the insane wind. When what appeared to be a very large almost rectangular craft.(only slightly more narrow in the front.) It was extremely large. But its difficult to say how big because it seemed that it may have been really big but at 5000ft. (maybe the size of half a football field.) or maybe smaller at a lower altitude. I can say from my perspective if I put a small pizza box (6x6) at arms length it wouldnt have covered the entire craft. It had 4 circular dim amberish/yellow lights on each corner of the craft that appeared to emit some sort of haze. That had an amber color. It moved very slowly. Taking several seconds to come into complete view as it pass directly over my house. One look at it and I knew it wasnt normal. No wings no blinking aircraft lights of anykind. And absolutely quiet. I ran inside and got my girlfriend  She ran out and got really frightened nearly in tears saying oh my god oh my god, What is that thing!?!? The winds were very intense. The craft continued on its easterly course.  It was visible until it passed over the horizon. We got a fairly good view of the bottom of the craft, being able to see that the bottom wasnt completely flat. but had several ridges running from front to back. Once the craft was out of sight we went inside because the winds were blowing fiercly. Perplexed by what happened we discussed it for a moment I then said I gotta see another one We went outside again and looked skyward. about 5 minutes after the craft had flown over. To the northeast a VERY large dome shaped deep blue flash went off. The flash was very odd. It appeared to explode then implode. It appeared to be behind some hills and a distance away. The explosion expanded in a dome fashion and took up approximately 1/20 of the sky.  We both got very scared at that time. The light was bright enough to light up the entire sky. About 20 minutes later the wind was back to being ABSOLUTELY DEAD CALM. I dont know what to think about it. One thing we did notice was many airplanes were in the area after this happened. up to 10-15 (not that it means much we arent to far from sacramento international and beale AFB) It appears others in my community saw the same thing. As we saw many people with pointing spot lights in the sky after the display.  Today. I looked in the paper and the cause of the power outage was still unknown. Since then they have released an update saying that 2 - 60kv wires hit each other causing the blackout. I wonder if the 2 lines hitting, is the explosion we saw. Which occured 1 hour after the power went out(it wasnt windy when the power first went out. Not even a breeze). Or obviously the powerfailure and wind can be completely unrelated to the ufo. I know what I saw that is for sure and it wasnt an airplane, helicopter or a blimp. Although my skeptical side reminds me that I do live only a few miles from Beale AFB. This might have been some sort of US craft. I am a helicopter pilot, fixed wing airplane pilot and I star gaze regularly. I have never seen anything like this before in my life. ((NUFORC Note:  We have attempted on two occasions to correspond with the witnesses to this alleged sighting, but they have not responded.  We have turned the case over to MUFON in California, and they will pursue the matter.  PD));39.2032;-121.1958
