4   flashing strobe-like objects move rapidly across the nite skyline and disappear into a light forming a many colored fast moving ob;2006-04-17 19:30:00;6 minutes;4   flashing strobe-like objects move rapidly across the nite skyline and disappear into a light forming a many colored fast moving ob My husband and I had rented an oceanfront condo for a 2 week vacation on Satellite Beach. Every nite we went on the balcony,3rd floor of the 3 storey building, to look at the moonrise and nite sky. My husband was on the balcony and as soon as I joined him, I looked out and saw a flashing lite off to my left coming off the point at Cape Canaveral which was about 10:00 with due East being 12:00 and about 30-40 degrees above the horizon. I of course assumed it was a plane but immediately noticed that the light was flashing more like a strobe lite. I was amazed at its speed, faster than any aircraft but slower than if it had been a meteorite it also had a red flashing strobe light appearance simultaneously with the bright white strobe flashing.I ran downstairs to watch it at ground level. From the time I spotted the light, ran downstairs, and saw it again, it had moved across the horizon to where the moonrise had been the previous nite, approx at 2:30 with 12:00 being due East, and then was out of site. My husband had stayed on the 3rd floor and saw what I had seen and I rejoined him.  I then spotted another lite, identical to the first and starting in the same location. There were 2 more following behind it for a total of 4 including the first one. The subsequent three followed the exact path across the horizon with the same incredible speed and flashing bright white, red and occasional green strobe-like lights.  Then there appeared in the south east of the horizon an orange glowing orb  and the 3 rapidly moving flashing objects disappeared into the glowing orb. The orb then faded and an object of numerous colors came from this area and sped off at a high speed in a westerly projectory over the coastline and disappeared. My hushband pointed out that the lights seen resembled a frequency of brightness and color as seen from gaseous ionization.  Satellite Beach is maybe 15 miles South of Cape Canaveral I first saw the flashing objects off of the Cape. Three days later, on April 20th at 4:27pm, NASA launched an Atlas rocket, which we also saw from our condo location.;28.1821999999998;-80.6117000000006
Last night of FL vacation observed a large red object sitting in or near T-storm over ocean near Cape Canaveral.;2020-08-20 22:00:00;10 minutes;Last night of FL vacation observed a large red object sitting in or near T-storm over ocean near Cape Canaveral. My wife and I were spending the last evening of our Florida vacation watching the storms over the Atlantic Ocean, east of our condo in Satellite Beach Florida.  This was on 08/20/2020.  We were sitting on the beach, just out of reach of the surf, or so we thought, that plays a part in a moment. The storms were quite a ways out, at least 4 to 5 miles or more.  To our north is Cape Canaveral and Cape Canaveral Air Force Base. While sitting and talking we were also taking short video clips of the storms and the beautiful lightening displays within them.  While doing so we noticed quite a few aircraft moving about in the vicinity of the storms, some getting very close and we remarked about how one would think that the pilots would try to avoid flying into the storms.  Most of the aircraft were far enough away they were just blinking dots. At approx. 2200 hrs I noticed that one of the aircraft appeared to be much closer, or actually much larger, than the others we had been seeing as it was bright, comparable to Venus in the night sky.  It was a steady red color and not moving: It was in or at the north edge of the storm front.   I noted this to my wife and she said it was just another aircraft.  But it was NOT moving.  I noted there was an aircraft moving northeasterly to the north of the larger light, and one moving due east away from the large light.  These were clearly much further away or much smaller objects.  I watched the object sitting, not moving, for approx. one minute. I started my phone to record video of this (so I thought) and just as I did a large wave came in and struck us as we were not far enough away from the increasing waves lol.  This caused us to grab our stuff and quickly retreat further back on the shore.  I refocused my attention after this brief, just a few seconds of clamoring up a few feet, interruption of viewing the object and it had now moved.  It was now northwest of where it had been, still just as large and bright, but now it was roughly in between the two other mentioned air craft which were still moving the directions they had been.  By my estimation it was now sitting just east of Cape Canaveral.  I went to continue filming and realized my phone had not started filming, my error, and when I did get the video to start I aimed my phone back toward the object in question it was now gone. Some things of note:  There had been a launch of some kind from the cape on Tuesday 08/18/2020 I believe.   There was another launch scheduled for the next Monday I believe also.  We were near both a spacecraft launch area and an USAF base.  Other than the roar of the ocean there were no sounds detected.  I am a LEO (going on 20 years) and also a lifelong believer in our planet being visited by other entities from other worlds, but have never experienced anything first hand related to this belief.  I am a lifelong resident of Oklahoma and not a resident of Florida thus I don’t know what lights and craft are “normal” in the night skies, but I don’t think apparent instantaneous acceleration is normal and this object exhibited that twice. I decided that I was likely not seeing anything out of the ordinary and was going to let it go, as in not report to NUFORC, which I am aware of thanks to Coast to Coast AM.  That is until I was catching up on recorded shows on my DVR and began watching the latest episode of “Unidentified:  Inside America’s UFO Investigations” on the History channel.  This newest episode was talking about sightings of orange or red objects off the U.S. east coast, including Florida. Thus I am making this report. I have no idea what I saw but it displayed things that stood out:  Larger, apparently, than surrounding objects that were clearly aircraft.  One solid color, red, displayed.  No other flashing lights to indicate aircraft position etc.  It moved twice at a high rate of speed:  Once when I had to move my position, and again when I activated my phone camera.  It moved completely out of sight on the latter. Thank you for your work collecting these sightings!;28.1821999999998;-80.6117000000006
