Dark rectangular object floating in the sky before descending towards the ground.;2020-01-14 12:15:00;3 minutes;Dark rectangular object floating in the sky before descending towards the ground. On January 14th, 2020 I was driving down the highway, heading home for my lunch break to let my dog out for food and a bio break. I noticed a large dark rectangular object in the sky about a mile down the road that appeared to be floating in the sky. It flew slowly, almost like it was floating, over the highway I was driving on. At first, I didn’t think twice about it as it was heading towards our airport. So, I figured it was an airplane, but I still watched it while I was driving and witnessed it fade away, presumably into a cloud from what I could tell. So, I thought the sighting was over, but it wasn’t. The object faded back into view and floated back across the highway heading to where it first appeared. It kept on moving away from the highway and then stopped about a quarter mile away the highway and descended towards the ground in a straight and steady line with no wavering motion.  I wish I could have gotten a video instead of the picture from my car! . By the time I got video ready on my phone, it had already descended behind the tree line. I looked around the sky for it as I drove down my residential street, where it looked like it might have descended, but I didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. A video would have been so much more telling than the photo I took, but I have a before and after picture that shows the object in the sky and one that shows no sign of the flying object. Clearly it wasn’t a normal object on a pole or tower or something and was definitely not an airplane, and too large to be a toy drone. When I returned to work, about an hour later I went deaf for about 30 seconds with a loud ringing in my ears, I couldn't hear the person talking to me. Not saying the two are related, but certainly not ruling it out either. My background is clean, I don't drink alcohol, I have never used any drugs and was not on any prescription drugs at the time of this sighting. I'm just a normal guy with a normal job try! ing to make a living.;41.6044;-93.7195
