Craft raised into air, did a circular manoever, dissapeared, reappeared.  ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Wallops Island, VA.  PD));2006-12-16 06:30:00;2 minutes;Craft raised into air, did a circular manoever, dissapeared, reappeared 1 min later, hovered for 30 seconds and dissapeared again I was standing in line at a Zellers store in Fergus Ontario with 8 or 9 other people waiting for the store to open.  We were all aware that they would have the video game system we all wanted for xmas so we had to be in line before the store opened or we would not get it.  I showed up at 2:00 am and others arrived after that.   At 6:30 I happened to be looking south toward the city of Guelph.  I saw what I thought at first was someone setting off a firework or flare.  A reddish orange ball shot up from the ground leaving a smoke trail underneath it.  When it reached it's apex in the air, it moved slowly east and then west and back to the east in a circle.  There was also a smoke trail of a circle where this manoever had occured.  Then the object just blinked out and dissapeared.   I asked if anyone else in line had seen this and they all said yes.  There was many comments on how it was really weird.  There was no clouds in the sky that it could have gone behind or anything and like I said it did not shoot off in any direction it just dissapeared.   Someone mentioned that they wondered if it was some sort of a plane that was having a problem.  Someone else mentioned that they had heard there was solar flares occuring that day.   As all this commotion was going on the object suddenly appeared again exactly at the point where it had dissapeared.  This time though it was no longer red and orange it was a silvery colour.   The object had 2 red lights and a white light visible on it. Then a bright white light shot out of it.  Not towards the ground but out horizontally.   The light was brighter than any lights I have ever seen it was like a huge floodlight of some sort.  The light shone out from a single point but created a wide triangular like arc in the sky.   I then realised that I had my cellphone on me and I could take a picture of this object.  I fumbled getting out my cellphone to take a picture.  The object had now been visible this second time for approximately 30 seconds.  I snapped a picture of it and as soon as I snapped the picture about 1 second later it dissapeared again.  It did not shoot off real fast or anything, again it just dissapeared.  It left no smoke trail or anything showing which direction it went.  But the original smoke trail it left when it raised from the ground originally stayed visible for approximately 10 minutes.   None of us had ever seen anything like this before and none of us could explain away what it really was.  I do know one other person in line personally but I do not know who the other people are.   However when the store opened and we got our video game systems we all had to leave our name and phone number so Zellers does have a record of everyone who saw this event if you would like to research this further.   I do not know how to get this picture to you but if you are interested in seeing this picture I still have it in my cellphone and if I am contacted you can explain to me how I can get this photo to you.;43.6979;-80.3619
