Red & green orbs in the sky defy aircraft movement over a field of ridgetop windmills;2014-07-01 02:30:00;1 hour;Red & green orbs in the sky defy aircraft movement over a field of ridgetop windmills I'm an architect that works very late in the evening.   Around 2:30 AM I went outside for a cigarette and noticed a round shape orb that was quickly moving in different directions in the sky, way too fast to be an aircraft so I ran in the house and grab my binoculars ... it sometimes hovered like a bee and then moved in an extremely fast motion....  After watching it for approximately 15 minutes I woke my girlfriend and asked her to see it as well.  So off the second floor balcony we watched it for approximately 45 minutes more.   While I watched it with the binoculars (looking northwest), I saw at times it moved vertically, horizontally and even in a circular motion at times, but for the most part it would stay in a fixed position for approximately 5 minutes and then move sporadically in all different directions until it fixed itself onto its next spot.   The object had a red & green lights and at times appeared to have white electrical bolts of circular lightning on the surface of the orb.  The red light seemed to rotate in a circular position sometimes skipping one of the circular quadrants.   We watch the orbs in the sky and then I noticed a few more of the same types of objects that had the same characteristics but were higher in altitude.   The sky became darker as the time progressed but the initial orb was always in the clear area of the sky.  I then went on my computer to see a satellite image of what was located northwest from my vantage point and found a huge number windmills off a network of roads, kind of like grapes on a vine... covering multiple ridge-tops.   What spooks me out is that the orb distance and angle of movement leads me to believe they were sucking the power out of the windmills.  With or without the binoculars one could see the orbs move and defy any normal kind of aircraft movement.  In the binoculars it was obvious how fast they changed direction vertically, horizontally and also in circular movement.  We took turns looking at the orb and when I was waiting my tu! rn to get the binoculars back I noticed several more orbs of light... I counted a total of four similar red & green lit orbs....  WOW what a night, I would have never believed it until I experienced for myself!  Like I said I'm an architect and have a great deal of precision in drawing lines and angles...my conclusion is that they were hovering over a field of windmills like bees hovering over flowers.   Also, I saw on several occasions, both white haze beams and also a sharp bolts of lightning come from the orb.   One more thing we also even experienced a shooting star about midway through the sighting!  There you go I got to get back to work.....;41.3214;-75.8589
