Bright non-blinking Light/Lights Hovering . scanning local Forest area . NOT helicopters- read on.;2002-05-15 00:30:00;30  minutes;Bright non-blinking Light/Lights Hovering . scanning local Forest area . NOT helicopters- read on. I live on a mountain in Pennsylvania..,  and from time to time i will see one or two large bright lights hovering over the tree tops of the woods a few acres from our house.  The lights will not blink and are one steady bright white light that moves around- often moving fast when it/they decide to shoot upwards. This past May 2002., i've noticed there were two lights.    One would hover over the trees, and then dip into the forest floor and remain there for over 10 minutes. The light is so bright that you could see it through the foilage. The other light remained over the tree tops and remained stationary for several minutes, then moved right in a straight fashion over the trees.   Then it would change direction in mid-air and move left-wards. Then it would raise upwards and shoot up fast into the Universe while the other light remained on the forest floor.       I was too tired to stay and watch if it also would raise. The next night,  I saw nothing.,  and both nights were clear. I usually see just one of these lights moving in these same strange ways..,  and my mother has seen them for decades in the same area.    The last two years were the first times i ever noticed them or had been awake that late. The lights make no noise whatsoever.,   i have seen them while outside of my home. One time i was coming home late from my boyfriend's home., and noticed one light hovering over a newly built house in the farm field- right near the roadside.   It was as close to the ground as a bird flying., and was quiet. The next few minutes later, i'd peek out the window, and it was gone. I've seen many a helicopter at night., but these lights don't move like helicopters or make any sound.   Also, i've seen these lights from 12:30 to 2:30 am.  when the local aircraft isn't aloft. Also,  the lights seem to be interested in the wooded area  near our house and remain hovering throughout that area.   We live in a rural area that used to be a dairy farm nieghborhood.  It has lots of prairie-like fields, and Wetland areas with coyote, deer and bear,herons, and other waterfowl throughout the area. I have to note that i'm not confusing these lights with the planet Venus that is brighter than the other stars..   Because at the time i see the UFO's  Venus is located on the other side of our house. These UFOs are primarly seen in Fall, and Early Spring.  I havent' seen them since May, but have seen them off and on for two years now. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  Date is approximate.  PD));41.3214;-75.8589
