I was driving home late at night an observed 3 columns of green light in a field.;1995-09-15 22:30:00;10 minutes;I was driving home late at night an observed 3 columns of green light in a field. Location: West Wyoming, PA. I was driving home at about 10:30 pm on a Sunday evening on approximately 11/15/95. This part of the town is a wooded area with no street lights. A light caught my eye to the left as I was driving and I looked out of my driver's side window. I continued to drive for about 30 seconds and there was a clearing in the woods where a house stood nearby. I saw the light very cleary. I pulled my car over to the side of the road to get a good look. I remained in the vehicle the whole time. I saw three (3) distinct vertical columns of green light. Each column of light was perfectly cylindrical and tapered at the top and bottom. The lights were about 30-40 feet high, 5 feet in diameter and approximately 10-15 feet equidistant from each other. They were about 5-10 feet from touching the ground. The color was green and  somewhat muted or hazy, almost flourescent-like. I rolled down my window to make sure that it was not a reflection or glare on the window. I observed the lights for about 1 minute. I did not see a physical craft above the lights. There was no movement of the lights and no sound at all. I continued to drive home dumbfounded and this is when it really hit me that it was something unusual: About 3 minutes later I saw the same lights higher in the sky (about 1000 feet) but they were moving in a south-west direction and increasing in altitude. I was also traveling in a south-west direction (same direction as the lights) and I continued to clearly observe the lights until they were totally out of sight.  This continued for another 5 minutes.The lights stayed in the same shape (3 columns of green light) as they moved off until they were so small that I could no longer see them. The total time from when I first noticed the lights until I saw them disappear was about 10 minutes. Background of observer:  I am a  30 year old male Professional Engineer with a BS degree in Electrical Engineering. ((NUFORC Note:  This reported event occurred approximately 15-20 minutes after a very dramatic event occurred in New York Harbor, which was witnessed by dozens, or perhaps hundreds, of observers on the Staaten Island Ferry, just west of Governor's Island.  The NYC event gave rise to the production of a video tape about the incident.));41.3214;-75.8589
Large Bright Slowly Moving light.;2002-01-11 10:00:00;25 minutes;Large Bright Slowly Moving light. Just saw a large slowly moving very bright white light in the sky near a local wooded area.  It was quiet, and  set low enough in the sky where if i encountered it in a helecopter, i could bump into it.    It was the size of two school buses.   Had no blinking lights, and i couldn't make out any detail, other than it was a large moving light. A year or so before,  I saw the same thing slowly moving along the tree line horizon.  It dipped into the trees and  slowly rose up again , continuing it's path moving toward the right. We live near the Wyoming airport and the sky is filled with planes,  but this was different. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know whether the witness implies a daytime, or nighttime, sighting.  We will attempt to clarify with the witness.  PD));41.3214;-75.8589
