Bright light in NW night sky that changed color and locations ( and in number) rapidly before zooming away…;2016-06-08 04:15:00;20 minutes;Bright light in northwest night sky that changed color and locations ( and in number) rapidly before zooming away... At about 4am, my friend and I were standing in our backyard, which is surrounded by strawberry fields.  We are away from the bright lights of any city, and we often stargaze on clear nights.  This morning, while looking towards the northwest sky, we both noticed a bright and shining light that seemed to (at first) be pulsating...we have an app called sky guide that shows us where objects are in the night sky, and this was not an object identified on any of our apps.  As we continued to watch, the light appeared to be moving in various formations, and actually seemed to split off and away from another similar entity before returning back to the object (or beside it maybe)....it hovered and zoomed about as if it was teleporting to the side/to and fro from the central origin point and appeared to be at least 2...probably 3 in formation moving in unison.  What was most amazing was the rotation of colors that presented!  We are typically used to seeing the GPS aircra! ft above us (they have red, white, and blue blinking lights) that are VERY common, especially in the past few years.  To a novice viewer, these GPS craft can very easily seem exotic.  This was NOT any type of craft or sky object that either of us had ever seen before-in fact, I couldn't stop staring in amazement as each second seemed more and more unbelievable.  Right above the distant silhouette of the tree line, this light actually transformed  itself from a glow similar to that of a bright white star to greenish blue to red (in rapid succession) and then eventually back to white while hovering, glowing brighter (similar to watching the backside of thrusters being engaged) then fading and appearing to finally move away and quickly increase altitude until it was GONE!   Afterwards, I studied the placement of the stars, etc, Mercury was at the same height of the entity but directly southwest vs northwest where the light had been.  The only bright star between Mercury ! and the strange light was Vega...this craft or crafts were brighter.  Sunrise came about an hour afterwards.  We will continue to search the skies for this as well!;30.6313;-90.5259
Light over sky in Louisiana and blinked red 3 times on top when a plane flew near;2016-12-11 16:00:00;1 hour;Light over sky in Louisiana and blinked red 3 times on top when a plane flew near Looked like a star but seemed to be to low.round ball of light and a plane passed over and it blinked ted 3 times above it;30.6313;-90.5259
