3 conical, one spherical object spotted  from I-91 over New Haven / Long Island Sound on November 18.;2013-11-18 17:00:00;15+ minutes;3 conical, one spherical object spotted  from I-91 over New Haven / Long Island Sound on November 18 I was driving southbound on I-91 between exits 12 and 8 as it was nearing sunset.  There were few clouds in the sky and I was observing the color gradations of the sky when I noticed a strange bright object in the SSW sky.  It appeared to be like a comet with a tail, only it was hanging in the sky.  Color was like a yellowish and I couldn't tell if it might be a strangely symetrical cloud catching the sunset light.  The tail or point of the cone was pointing up and right (/). While still driving I scanned the horizon and noticed two more of these comet or cone objects, as well as a what appeared to be a LARGE bright star or planet- that is it was a bright cirle or sphere.  It was too big though, and the sky was in that last light where it is still too early for the first star to show.  All these objects were relatively low on the horizon, and the two other cones were oriented differently - one with the til pointing straight up, and the other pointing to the left (\),(opposite the one on the other side of the sky). I exited I-91 and entered the Lowes parking lot, which both lowered my perspective (being lower than the highway), and partially blocked my view because the building was high.  I maintained visual on the cone and sphere in the more westerly part of the sky.  I was able to ascertain that the cone was in motion bcause I parked with it visible between branches on a tree.  It was actually moving quite fast (down and left toward the horizon), and within a minute or so was out of view. I then fixed my vision on the bright sphere and watched it for a minute or two.  Suddenly it seemed to be getting smaller, and then disappeared completely from the clear sky.  It was a matter of 5-10 seconds from when it was static size to when it became invisible. I went into the store for 5 minutes, and returned to the highway heading southbound once again.  This raised my perspective once again, and I was able to see the object on the right once again.  It had changed shape, gotten slightly larger (closer, atmospheric distortion??), and was lower on the horizon.  It now had a rather flat top, and a curved belly, still with a diagonal orientation (/).  I was only able to see it for another coupe minutes because I drove into the city and view was blocked by buildings.  I was on the phone with my girlfriend throughout the duration of the experience describing to her in real time what was happening.  I don't know if you'd call that a witness. The mystery objects have me intrigued, especially the one which shrank and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));41.316090551181;-72.9269877952756
