I, and another individual, observed a triangular-shaped, multi-colored, silent object slowly traverse the night sky of New Haven, Conn.;1982-10-07 23:00:00;10 minutes;I, and another individual, observed a triangular-shaped, multi-colored, silent object slowly traverse the night sky of New Haven, Conn. I was a graduate student attending Yale University. I was lounging on the roof of one of the University buildings (located in the heart of downtown New Haven) in the company of 2 other students. One student was about 30 feet away and was standing near the edge of the roof and was looking down at the street. I was lying on my back looking at the beautiful clear summer night sky. The other student, a friend named ((name deleted)), was crouched next to me and was talking to me.  As I looked at the stars I suddenly noticed, coming into view, a triangular-shaped object moving rather slowly, and very smoothly, across my field of vision. It had rounded edges, made no noise I could hear, and had solid, regularly spaced bands of various colors which slowly passed across it's glowing, illuminated surface. I was stunned, and remember thinking What the hell is that?  After a few minutes it faded from view, and I realized that I had just seen a UFO. At this point I had said nothing, and ((name deleted)) was still jabbering away to me about whatever.  A minute or two later the same object, or a second, identical object, traversed the night sky above me, but in a different direction (I do not recall N/S/E/W details). This time I said to ((name deleted)) Hey! Look up there and tell me if you see that?   He looked up and exclaimed (and I remember thinking this was funny) What the hell is that?    I can't judge the size of the object because there was nothing available to apply scale, but I had the feeling it was something quite large and several hundred yards above.  I think I got this sensation because of how stately it moved across the sky absolutely smooth, straight, and rather slowly.  To this day I am grateful the damned thing gave me a second chance to get ((name deleted)) attention. If no one else had seen it I might think it was just my imagination.  I don't know what it was, but it absolutely was not a planet or a star, nor a prop-aircraft, a jet, a copter, a kite, a satellite, nor do I think it was a blimp (although I suppose this is a remote possibility, but it would it have to have been one helluva weird blimp). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));41.316090551181;-72.9269877952756
Black Triangle spotted in CT back in mid-eighties;1986-07-20 23:30:00;10 minutes;Black Triangle spotted in CT back in mid-eighties I was a teenager walking home from a convenience store job.  I remember how clear the night was and no moon.  Stars were bright that night so I was looking up at them.  I noticed first a green light, then the white light and red light in the shape of an enormous triangle slowly moving across the sky with no sound.  Stars were completely blocked out of the sky within the traingle.  Since it just looked like a shadow it's difficult to tell the altitude but it seemed very low. There was nothing very unique about the lights, like any small plane, but the size of the triangle was astoundingly huge.  Like standing under a wedge shaped umbrella. I never knew my experience was somewhat common until I read a news story today about black triangles.  These have been around a while. I'm glad I could finally validate what I saw back then, I never forgot it.  I don't know what it was doing in New Haven but Sikorsky Helicopter is near here.;41.316090551181;-72.9269877952756
