this object in the sky affected the working of my car as long as it was in the sky;2003-01-10 23:00:00;6 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Joan Woodward, member of the Mutual UFO Network, and the Fund for UFO Research, for following up on this report, which appears to be a possible hoax.  We post Ms. Woodward's brief, follow-up report below:   ((BEGIN COPIED REPORT FROM JOAN WOODWARD, MUFON AND FUFOR)) The address on this sighting is confused.  The street number, street name, and zip code are not compatible.  The telephone number was a cell phone and the person did not know anything about the sighting or the witness named in the sighting report. A search of Anywho.com for MD, VA, and DC indicated no listing for the witness and, more interesting, no listing for anyone with that last name.  It appears to not be a valid name.  A request to the email address with the report has resulted in no response. ((END COPIED REPORT)) this object in the sky affected the working of my car as long as it was in the sky i was going home from work wiht few associates my car just stalled on one of the stop sighnes and i was surprized as it was a new car. i steped out of the car to look in the hood and i saw i flsh of light reflected from my car i looked up and i saw this long lighted thing which was there for a few seconds and then disapeared i did not think much of the sighting but when it dissapeared my car started by itself wihtout the keys in the ignition. ((NUFORC Note:  No other reports for this area and date, but this is not the first report of an automobile engine acting in the fashion described here.  PD));38.8782974576272;-77.1812381355932
Very Bright Missle/Cigar shaped U.F.O. in the VA/D.C. area.;2006-11-11 00:32:00;3 seconds;Very Bright Missle/Cigar shaped U.F.O. in the VA/D.C. area. Ok, so i was at my girlfriends apartment watching ghostbusters, when the movie finished, i went out on her balcony to smoke a cigarette, (since here in the D.C. area we have been having really good weather. 70 degrees weather.) as i sparked up a cigarette, she came out and hugged me and we talked, mostly about how cool it would be to be a ghostbuster and how similar it is being a firefighter. minus the ghosts. then at that moment, in the corner of my eye i saw a greenish-blue, almost turquoise bright light, so i spun around to get a good look. it was a cigar/ almost missle shaped object, i would have ruled out missle  except it was silent and very close to the ground almost as high as 23 stories, (i would say ive seen planes farther in the sky.)There wasnt any fire emitting from the tale either. it was very large. It was entirely surrounded by the turquoise light. It traveled very fast and disappeared, moments later in the direction of washington dc,( i was in arlington, i live pretty close to dc.) i saw flashed of light which behind the clouds looked like explosions. and if they were explosions i would have heard about it on the news. also dc as a restricted airzone, so im completely stumped on this one. we were hoping to find more sighting by anyone else, which is why im posting this. the event took place from 12:32-12:33 cant be too sure because we came back in and it was 12:34.;38.8782974576272;-77.1812381355932
