Pictures taken of anomalous disk-shaped object over Heiskell.;2004-07-02 18:15:00;3-4 minutes;Pictures taken of anomalous disk-shaped object over Heiskell. This occurred as I was on my way to work driving east on Raccoon Valley Rd. (State Hwy 170), July 2, '04 at around 1815hrs. As I was approaching the entrance ramp to I-75 south, which was on my right, I was admiring the dramatic storm clouds ahead of me, as well as scanning for airborne anomalies I spotted a dark dot among the clouds. It was moving uncharacteristically fast for a conventional aircraft, zipping from left to right in my field of view. I grabbed a digital camera that I keep with me at all times now, and started taking pictures. I took the first pic through my windshield just before I hit the on ramp. As I drove down the ramp going south onto the highway, I took another pic, through the driver's side window. I just pointed the camera and snapped the picture without looking through the viewfinder, obviously, since I was driving.  I had traveled approximately one mile when I took the third pic out the driver's side window. I lost sight of the object, but did not dare look up too long for fear of running off the road. I took the next two pics through my windshield hoping to catch something even though I could not take my eyes off the road. I did not pull off to the side because I was in the left lane and I did not want to be late for work.  The distance traveled from the taking of the first pic to the last is around 2.5 to 3 miles and the time interval around three minutes. The camera is an hp Photosmart 315 digital, a fairly cheap camera.  I experienced no electrical disturbances with my vehicle or radio. No one else seemed to notice what I saw, but it was a very busy time of day for traffic. I was too busy negotiating the road to experience any emotional or psychological phenomena. However, I did get a cold chill Sunday morning when I looked at pics and saw what I had captured. In two of the photos I took, there are distinctive disk-shapes. This is not the first time I've seen something anomalous in the skies over my sleepy little community, but this is the first time I've been able to record an image.;36.1133;-84.0462
