Father and daughter witness a triangular craft, w/ lights in corners, streak across the sky E to W.;2012-04-11 21:48:00;3-5 seconds;Father and daughter witness a triangular craft, w/ lights in corners, streak across the sky E to W. Location: Casselton, North Dakota (north end of town) Date: April 11, 2012 Time: 21:48   I and my 9 year-old daughter were sitting at a campfire in our backyard and looking at the stars.  It was a totally clear evening with no clouds or moon in sight.  We were looking towards the southeastern sky observing a distance jet aircraft that was moving eastbound.   Suddenly I observed coming from east to west a blur or smudge of lights. For a brief instant I thought a group of meteors were striking the atmosphere simultaneously, at least until my eyes become focused better on the blur of greyish-white lights.  When my eyes were focused completely, I saw an equilateral triangle directly over me moving rapidly to the northwest, but more westerly.  The triangle had 3 dimly-lit lights near the points of the triangle.  I did not notice the color of the craft however, my daughter thought it was black.  She also asserted that the points on the triangle were rounded as opposed to sharp.  The experience was only 3-5 seconds in length before the craft was out of sight, so each of our br! ains could only process a limited amount of information. The craft made no noise that we could hear.  Because I do not know the size of the craft, it is difficult for me to assess the height and velocity. If it was the length of a mid-sized commercial jet liner, then I would guess that this craft was about 1000 feet about us and moving perfectly straight at 150-200 mph.  This Power Point created image below is the best representation of what I and my daughter witnessed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD));46.8964;-97.2156
Triangle with 3 lights near the points;2012-04-11 21:58:00;3-5 seconds;Traingle with 3 lights near the points I and my 9 year-old daughter were sitting at a campfire in our backyard and looking at the stars.  It was a totally clear evening with no clouds or moon in sight.  We were looking towards the southeastern sky observing a distance jet aircraft that was moving eastbound.  Suddenly I observed coming from east to west a blur or smudge of lights.   For a brief instant I thought a group of meteors were striking the atmosphere simultaneously, at least until my eyes become focused better on the blur of greyish-white lights.  When my eyes were focused completely, I saw an equilateral triangle directly over me moving rapidly to the northwest, but more westerly.   The triangle had 3 dimly-lit lights near the points of the triangle. I did not notice the color of the craft however, my daughter thought it was black.  She also asserted that the points on the triangle were rounded as opposed to sharp.  The experience was only 3-5 seconds in length before the craft was out of sight, so each of our brains could only process a limited amount of information. The craft made no noise that we could hear.  Because I do not know the size of the craft, it is difficult for me to assess the height and velocity. If it was the length of a mid-sized commercial jet liner, then I would guess that this craft was about 1000 feet about us and moving perfectly straight at 150-200 mph.  I will e-mail a Power Point graphic if requested. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Age 9 years.  We are unable to contact the source of the report, in order to request that he submit an illustration.  PD));46.8964;-97.2156
