Hovering craft with green, then orange, then yellow-white lights seen in night sky over housing development.;2004-03-25 19:40:00;5 min;Hovering craft with green, then orange, then yellow-white lights seen in night sky over housing development. Was heading south on I-5 and noted 3 greenish lights in SE sky overhead, over I-205 area. Dismissed color as night was cloudy with light rain but the lights seemed bigger than normal. I was curious but kept driving as it was too far away to worry about.  As I drove off the freeway east onto Miley Road, over a housing development I noted a craft, hovering. It had steady green lights which then changed to orange, then yellow-white. I tried to get a good look at the craft as it appeared to be only 75-100 feet overhead and about the same distance from the road. It was oddly shaped, about as large as a small house, with 2 irregular-shaped upper tiers. It was somewhat rectangular but had an irregular shaped front I couldn't make out. I traveled down the road and got out of the car. I could not see it any longer. They sky appeared clear (I could see Venus and the other stars and a crescent moon - there appeared to be 3 pale lights high up in the sky, about where the craft was first seen. I heard no noise (and I was close enough to hear it if it was a helicopter).;45.2929;-122.7746
Two large, dark rectangular obects fly low overhead;2017-10-04 21:15:00;30 seconds;Two large, dark rectangular obects fly low overhead I stepped outside to view the full moon around 9:00pm tonight,the 4th of October.  I was standing alone looking up at the moon.  It was quiet except for the distant muffled sound of the freeway.  Suddenly, I heard an extremely loud, low pitched pulsing sound to my right.  As I turned towards it two very large, dark rectangular objects appeared abruptly over the nearby tree tops. They were identical.  Each one had a large red light and a few smaller white lights. Each was approximately the size of 2 RVS together.  There were no propellers.  I was standing in a wide open space and they flew right over it, lower than a helicopter would.  As soon as they passed over me, I ran into the shadows of the trees and waited for my heart to calm down.  I was shaken enough I needed to talk to someone and went to speak to a man who lives next door in a tiny house he has converted from a former MRI truck.  It weighs 34,000 pounds!  Why am I emphasizing the weight?  Because this man was on the phone with his mother when he heard a loud pulsing sound and his entire tiny house truck began to shake.  Not just vibrate, it shook.  He came out and we discussed it at length. My ex-husband served in the Marine Corps for 21 years.  I have lived on bases all over the world.  I have never seen or heard anything like this, flying overhead before. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she seemed to us to be both sincere, and serious-minded.  We suspect that she is an excellent witness.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM #1 FROM WITNESS)) Hello Peter, Turns out we have a helicopter airport nearby that specializes in heavy lift operations. They have Chinooks in their fleet.  My partner believes that's what I saw last night.  Still. . . no propellers seen on a night with an intensely bright full moon. Hmmmm.  ((END ADDENDUM)) ((ADDENDUM #2 FROM WITNESS)) Peter the moon was extremely bright as they flew right over me, with the moon as backdrop and still  I saw no propellers. Also only one, unblinking, red light. A few scattered small white lights, also not blinking.  ((END ADDENDUM #2)) ((BEGIN ADDENDUM #3)) Yes I saw only one large red light on each and a scattering of small white lights on each. I did call the helicopter place and left a voicemail for a call back.  ((END ADDENDUM #3));45.2929;-122.7746
