Slow moving, quiet, dark object wandered up and to the South, avoiding a big cloud.;2001-07-23 20:27:00;5 minutes;Slow moving, quiet, dark object wandered up and to the South, avoiding a big cloud. My friend had just left my house a few minutes before, and then called me from his cel phone.  He said, I don't know how far South you can see, or if you can see this.  I'm looking at some sort of object in the sky.  He told me that he was in the Les Schwab parking lot which is about 3/4 of a mile from my house.  He said it was a huge black triangle shaped thing with rounded corners, no lights, no wings, no landing gear, no rotor, no other visible details. I said that I was carrying my cordless and was running down the street, that I'd keep talking as long as I could.  He said that it was moving very slowly, and that it changed directions, then started moving up.  Then I lost contact with him.  I ran a total of about 2.5 blocks from my house into the parking lot of a retirement home.  I looked toward the South and saw a black object in the sky.  It was still daylight, clear sky overhead with a few clouds to the South and West.  It was far enough away from me that I couldn't make out whether it was a triangle or a squashed diamond, but I could make out that it had corners at the widest part (wasn't a round ball and wasn't flat). I watched the object move very slowly up and to the South (a little bit East).  It seemed to be heading into a big high flat cloud.  Then before it entered the cloud, it changed directions.  It seemed to come back toward me and a bit to the West.  Then it went up and over the cloud, not through it.  Then it continued to move South and up, very slowly.  I watched it for a long time, probably at least 5 minutes, during which time my friend drove by looking for me.  He went to my house.  I walked backward through the parking lot to the street, keeping my eye on the object.  By the time he came back up the road from my house, it was almost too small to see. I called KEX radio in Portland to report it.  I was surprised that no one else had.  It was right over I-5 most of the time.  I also called the Oregonian news paper.  They also said that no one else had reported anything. My house is on several flight paths.  Small planes land and take-off from the Aurora airport to the South.  There's a helecopter company there too.  Also, jets fly overhead many times each day on route to/from the Portland International Airport, about 30 miles away.  So I'm used to what aircraft and helecopters look like, how long they stay in view, and how they sound.  This thing stayed in view far longer than anything else I've ever seen.  It left no trail, and did not move in a straight line, but rather kind of wandered a bit.  I heard no sound at all, but I would have expected to, if it were a plane or a helecopter. ((NUFORC Note:  We have talked to the other witness to the same event, who was in a different location at the time of the sighting.  However, the two witnesses were communicating by telephone.  Triangulation on the location of the object may be possible.  PD));45.2929;-122.7746
Black rounded corner pyramid, or triangle moving slowly without lights, sound, or visible means of propulsion, Wilsonville, OR.;2001-07-23 20:27:00;5 min;Black rounded corner pyramid, or triangle moving slowly without lights, sound, or visible means of propulsion, Wilsonville, OR. I was driving West on Town Center loop road, looking to the South at 8:27 PM local time.  With the exception of a few high level clouds (cirrus), it was a clear day, 80 degrees.  Looking over the top of Fry's electronics in Wilsonville, I noticed what I first thought to be a black mylar baloon floating above the parking lot.  I looked again, and noticed that it was stationary even though there was a slight wind moving approximately 5 knots to the Southeast.  I looked again, and realized that it was not a baloon, but was much larger and farther away than I first thought.  I pulled into the Les Schwab parking lot on the North side of town center loop, stopped the car, and looked at it in more detail.  We get a lot of aircraft in our vicinity since we are essentially in the Northern approach to Aurora airport.  I thought that this might be one of the larger hellicopters that are operated by Evergreen Aviation, a Sykorski Sky-Crane, or similar. What struck me is that this thing was hovering , then moved toward the South.  There was no sign of the rotor on top (normally I can see the disk that's formed by the rotor), there were no lights of any type (strange, being in the Northern approach of the Aurora Airport, and within an hour of dusk), no sound, no protrusions out the side for wings, no tail, nothing.  I called on my cell phone to a friends house where I had just left.  I explained what I was seeing, (I told her as it was happening that it was hovering, then moving to the West, then moved upward, then away to the South again.  I asked if she could see it from her house (less than 1/4 mile away).  She ran out and looked where I was describing, I lost the signal from her cordless phone and drove back to her house.  I didn't find her at home, and decided that I must have passed her somewhere on the road without seeing her.  I back tracked my route and found her standing down the street pointing to it.  She said that It had continued to move away to the South and that she had watched it for 5 minutes.  I could no longer see it since it had just become a dot in the sky, and I had lost sight of it while driving.  She continued to watch it, until we decided that it had dissapeared into the distance, and drove back to her house. The best way to describe its shape is the following: I was viewing it primarily from the end rather than the bottom of the object.  It was roughly triangle shaped as viewed from the end, but had rounded corners on all three corners.  I described it to my friend as shaped like one of the black licorice candies you get at the theater.  When I was describing it to her on the phone earlier, I said it was like a pyramid shape, but with rounded corners.  My friend said that she saw it moving straight up, but that when she viewed it, that it had not gone into the clouds, but had continued to move upward, and had made a jog backward to avoid going through the clouds she saw.  We compared our timelines, and decided that the cloud I saw it go through was before she had arrived at a location where she could see it, and that when she watched it, it had continued to climb, but avoided the other clouds on its way up. Compared to all other aircraft we see in the Wilsonville area in and around airports, this thing moved really slowly.  I have experience being in and around aircraft, have flown in and piloted light aircraft including helicopters, and can not explain what I saw.  I think that several other people may have seen this object since it passed over Interstate 5 in the vicinity somewhere between Boone Bridge (Willamette River) and the Donald exit (5 miles to the south of Wilsonville).  If you need additional information (although I'm not sure I can remember anything else of significance) you can contact me.;45.2929;-122.7746
I saw 2 triangular UFOs. They were flying over the I-5 Freeway (either just before the Wilsonville exit or just past it about a mile).;2010-09-25 23:49:00;40 seconds;I saw 2 triangular UFOs.  They were flying over the I-5 Freeway (either just before the Wilsonville exit or just past it about a mile).  At first I saw a pulsating large red light, and next to it were 2 solid very bright green lights.  At first, when I saw the red pulsating light, I thought it was a stationary cell phone tower light that illuminated so planes would be able to see the tower, but then I realized this was a trail of three lights (one red larger pulsating light and 2 stationary green lights) and they began moving across the I-5 Freeway, ever so slowly traveling from east to west.   I was driving southbound along the I-5 Freeway at about 55 mph, and as I was driving, I was gradually moving closer to this object that was traveling across the freeway from east to west.  As I got much closer, I was practically driving directly underneath it and I could see that all three lights were very well defined and that they were part of a triangular shaped object.  I witnessed this for approximately 10 seconds as it sailed very slowly across the freeway going from east to west.  I knew that a conventional aircraft could never move this slowly without crashing.  Plus, this flying object had one very large pulsing red light (which planes do not have).  And I could see it was a black or very dark gray triangle shaped object.  Planes have flashing lights not the way this light pulsated.  It reminded me of a heart beating for some reason.  The two green lights on the other two corners of the triangle were green and florescent in color and much brighter than anything I have ever seen on conventional aircraft at night.  I have never in my life seen anything like this!  The speed that this triangular object traveled was like a hot air balloon or a blimp, which moved so slowly that it just seemed to float or drift above the freeway.  Then the moment that this first object moved out of my field of vision (behind some trees) a second one that looked identical to the first one began moving across the freeway, appearing almost exactly the same distance away from me as when I saw the first object.  It drifted at what seemed to be the exact same speed and made its way just directly over my van just like the first object.  It was like a mirror replica of what I just saw and I was so excited that I got to see this again!  And so I saw two triangular UFO's that looked exactly the same as the other, one flying slightly behind the other but near the first object as they both traveled over I-5 highway going east to west.  It was really beautiful to witness this. I was close enough under the objects to see that they were triangular shaped and not just 3 lights.  The three lights (one red and two green) were on each corner of the triangular object.  Sorry I didn't take a picture or video record what I saw.  I was unable to pull over on the I-5 freeway and it was dark at 11:49pm so unfortunately, I was unable to capture this magnificent event and such a very close view of these crafts made this the most spectacular sighting I have seen.;45.2929;-122.7746
