Pulsating (like a strobe light) object in the sky, traveling south to north, then turning east.;2000-01-18 19:45:00;1 minute;Pulsating (like a strobe light) object in the sky, traveling south to north, then turning east. The object was traveling south to north and the entire object was pulsating, much like a strobe light.  It eventually turned east and disappeared, perhaps because my view was blocked by trees.  The sky was clear and other objects we saw in the sky both before and after did not pulsate.  I did see another airplane with flashing lights but it was not pulsating like the other object.  It may have been nothing but I thought I would report it in case anyone else saw it.  I'm sorry I can't give a more detailed description but that is all I saw.;45.2929;-122.7746
I was headed North on I-5 when I saw a glowing green object streaking across the night sky and descending towards Tualatin.;2002-12-06 19:30:00;3-5 seconds;I was headed North on I-5 when I saw a glowing green object streaking across the night sky and descending towards Tualatin. I was headed north on I-5, and had just passed the North Wilsonville exit.  I was travelling at approx. 70 mph.  Just past the exit, the highway inclines for a ways, then flattens, and then descends down into a valley.  The Tualatin exit is at the bottom of the valley.  As I began to level out after the incline, I noticed a greenish glowing object streaking across the sky.  The object was also headed north, but was travelling faster than me, and appeared to be on a downward path.  I don't know how high up in the sky it was...maybe 200-300 feet?  I don't really have any reference point to provide a good estimate.  It was fairly large, however, and for a moment (because of the whole terrorist scares around the world) wondered if this were a missile about to hit.  It was somewhat spherical, or ovular, almost reminiscent of a comet, but I didn't think to pay very close attention to the shape.  The object's speed was constant, and it descended down into the valley (mentioned above).  I fully expected to see/hear an explosion of some sort, as it was descending very quickly, but nothing happened.  I was still too far back to see down into the valley, so I lost sight of it once it went below the top of the hill.  When I began heading down towards the Tualatin exit, I couldn't find the object anywhere in the sky.  And there didn't appear to be a crash of some sort (no burning buildings, etc.).  So, I have no idea what happened to it, or what it was.  The duration of time wasn't any longer than 5 seconds or so from the time I noticed it and the time it vanished.  I didn't see anything mentioned on the late night news, nor in the newspaper this morning, so I searched the web to see if something was posted about it .  I couldn't find anything, but I found this site.  So, I'm now just wondering if anyone else saw it and possibly what happened to it once it reached Tualatin.;45.2929;-122.7746
Strange people walking (no object seen).;2018-07-25 06:45:00;5-8 seconds;Strange people walking (no object seen). This may be nothing.  But I wanted to report it to corroborate in case others report it also.  I drive every morning from Newberg, Oregon, on Wilsonville Rd. to the I-5 on-ramp in Wilsonville.  This is a country road about 12 or so miles with many curves and heavily forested.  There are no sidewalks or safe places to walk.  There are many houses off the road and usually the owners are the only people you'll ever see standing on the road waiting for cars to clear so they can cross and check their mailbox.   Today, about a few hundred yards before the Ladd Hill Rd. stop sigh and intersection I saw two strange looking people walking east along the road towards Wilsonville, i.e. in the same direction I was going.  Both were tall and thin enough to notice, in other words maybe 6'2 or 6'3.  Both wearing black calf-length boots and brown close-fitting clothing with what appeared to be dark colored jackets.   As I came up on them they seemed to be walking with a strange sort of gait.  (I'm pretty sure this is not just my imagination) I was not driving fast but I seemed unable to get a good look at their heads (almost like they were blurred) and as I drove past them and looked in my rear view mirror they actually seemed to turn their heads so I could not get a look at their faces!  This all seemed unusual to me.  You just don't see people walking on that road, and if you ever do it's usually a hippy kid who is trying to get your attention, thumbing a ride, not avoiding you looking at them.  Strange.  Like I said, maybe nothing but it felt weird at the time.  Weird enough that I'm taking a different route to work tomorrow.;45.2929;-122.7746
