fier like object  moving swiftly in the sky.;2009-11-21 22:45:00;4min;fier like object  moving swiftly in the sky. There was just one it was very bright and silent it was it looked like it was on fire. It was flying very low and swiftly.The sky was very clear.It stopped in mid air for about 2 mins the lights shut off then it light back up and flew up when it was originally flying parallel to us.;39.3837;-74.5155
Lights in the Sky;2010-05-09 20:30:00;15 Minutes;Lights in the Sky On May 9, 2010 at around 8:30 PM, I witnessed what at first would seem like a bright star or planet.  When I got in my car and pulled out of the drive way, I saw this  bright star-like object hovering high above the clouds.  I was so blown away by its beauty, that I kept staring at it in amazement.  I just knew that it wasn't Venus or a any kind of planet or star.  As I kept driving the road, the object disappeared and I could not find it.  By the time I reached the end of the road to make a right turn at the corner, I saw it again, but this time it was lower and much farther away in distance.  It also appeared brighter than before.  I just held the brakes and stared at it for a brief moment before making a right turn.  As I drove in the other direction, I came to a stoplight.  When I stopped, I looked at my left and I saw the object moving in my direction, as if it were following me.  I don't know why I did what I did after this, but I guess it was a test to see if it was really following me or if it was truly in the Earth's atmosphere.  The creepiest, yet most amazing thing happened after this.  I drove down the road and made a left turn.  I wanted to get closer and get a better look.  I did not see it in the sky when I checked. Instead, the bright light came down and suddenly appeared above some trees on the right of the road and slowly moved across the street.  It started getting really close to me.  It was so close to my car in both length and height that I could see its spherical shape.  I put my car in park and watched it hover right above me. I didn't hear any sounds coming from it.  Then, suddenly, the white sphere of light vanished. As I drove away, it appeared once again high in the sky, but in a different position.  Once I reached my destination and got what I needed, I walked up to my car and saw that the object was still in the sky, but just not as bright.  On my way back to the house, I was ready to make the turn on my street, which was the corner that I first mentioned.  I took one last look and checked if it was in the same spot I had originally seen it, but it wasn't there.  I highly suggest that an investigator come and videotape the night skies in the reported area since I don't have a video camera. I can compare the star-like object I saw to the fleet of UFOs seen in Chile back in 2009. If you type in and search UFO Chile 2009 on YouTube, you can see exactly what I saw and use this as a reference.;39.3837;-74.5155
Star-like object in the sky.;2010-05-09 20:30:00;15 minutes;Star-like object in the sky. On May 9, 2010 at around 8:30 PM, I witnessed what at first would seem like a bright star or planet. When I got in my car and pulled out of the drive way, I saw this  bright star-like object hovering high above the clouds. I was so blown away by its beauty, that I kept staring at it in amazement. I just knew that it wasn't Venus or a any kind of planet or star.  As I kept driving the road, the object disappeared and I could not find it. By the time I reached the end of the road to make a right turn at the corner, I saw it again, but this time it was lower and much farther away in distance. It also appeared brighter than before. I just held the brakes and stared at it for a brief moment before making a right turn. As I drove in the other direction, I came to a stoplight. When I stopped, I looked at my left and I saw the object moving in my direction, as if it were following me.  I don't know why I did what I did after this, but I guess it was a test to see if i! t was really following me or if it was truly in the Earth's atmosphere. The creepiest, yet most amazing thing happened after this.  I drove down the road and made a left turn. I wanted to get closer and get a better look. I did not see it in the sky when I checked. Instead, the bright light came down and suddenly appeared above some trees on the right of the road and slowly moved across the street. It started getting really close to me. It was so close to my car in both length and height that I could see its spherical shape. I put my car in park and watched it hover right above me. I didn't hear any sounds coming from it. Then, suddenly, the white sphere of light vanished. As I drove away, it appeared once again high in the sky, but in a different position.  Once I reached my destination and got what I needed, I walked up to my car and saw that the object was still in the sky, but just not as bright.  On my way back to the house, I was ready to make the turn on my street, whic! h was the corner that I first mentioned. I took one last look ! and checked if it was in the same spot I had originally seen it, but it wasn't there.  I highly suggest that an investigator come and videotape the night skies in the reported area since I don't have a video camera. I can compare the star-like object I saw to the fleet of UFOs seen in Chile back in 2009. If you type in and search UFO Chile 2009 on YouTube, you can see exactly what I saw and use this as a reference.;39.3837;-74.5155
