Bright steady light traveling low and heading north, no sounds were heard.;2003-11-26 17:26:00;3-5 minutes;Bright steady light traveling low and heading north, no sounds were heard. Bright steady light heading north. It was as low as a small plane, but no sounds were heard and there were no other lights seen. The light was bigger in size than a star or planet. We watched for about 3-5 minutes. It traveled in a straight line when seen with the naked eye, but seemed to be traveling downward when seen through the binoculars. The light faded away slowly.;44.6483;-73.1317
Slow-moving orb circles around house;2010-07-04 21:10:00;Approx. 3 minutes;Slow-moving orb circles around house As it was the 4th of July, we were watching our neighbors set off some small fireworks around 9:00 pm, looking out the screen of our front door.  We did see a plane at one point, as well as a helicopter.  Then, seemingly appearing out of nowhere, my mother and I saw an orange-red orb flying towards our house. At first we thought it might be the lights on an airplane because it was flying so smoothly, but as it moved closer we speculated it might be a flare or firework of some kind.  However, it was moving slowly, and the light wasn't diminishing in intensity at all.  There was no trail behind it--it was an entirely self-contained light.   As it flew over our house, we both noticed smaller lights that seemed to be circling around the larger light.  The smaller lights, to me, looked to be pink and green in hue (among other colors.)  I only got a clear look at it for a couple of seconds. We ran to the back of the house, out onto our deck, and watched as it flew slowly over the pine trees and over the neighborhood behind us.  Again, it didn't explode or diminish as fireworks might. It made no sound whatsoever. We ran inside and downstairs to inform my father, then ran back upstairs to watch it circling around and taking a similar path over the house for a second time.  I ran to get my camera, but the battery was dead.  I hooked up the family camcorder quickly so that it was pulgged into the wall and not running on a battery, but it was behaving strangely and kept shutting off.  We watched as the object disappeared over the house a second time.  I went to charge the other camera while my parents watched the object take its route over the back of the house again.  My father initially suggested it might be a flare, and then admitted he had no idea what it really was. My mother and I are confident we saw something out of the ordinary.  It was the moment when it was almost directly above us and we saw the smaller lights around the object that conviced us this was no typical 4th of July experience.;44.6483;-73.1317
Cluster of red lights over Lake Arrowhead in Milton, VT.;2013-10-18 19:15:00;15 minutes;Cluster of red lights over Lake Arrowhead in Milton, VT. Driving along Route 7 South at 7:20 PM, with a huge bright moon to my left (East). Ahead in the sky and through the trees I see three deep red glowing lights.  I look for green or blinking. No blinking and no green.  Just steady deep ruby red.  I pull over just beyond The Dam Store next to Lake Arrowhead as I see now 12 - 15 red lights.  They are coming from behind a large hill/mountain a couple miles away.  Another guy has pulled over and he is staring at them and I ask him what they are, and he says he has no idea but a few minutes prior another group of them appeared and then winked out. As I'm watching I notice the wind against me is out of the East but these lights are moving Northeast kind of into the wind, at least crossing into the direction of the wind but all seem to be unaffected.  No noise, silent.  With the very bright moon I look for smoke, or for balloons, I can't make anything out.  They move relatively quickly across the sky moving maybe 1 mile in 2 minutes.   Again moving from right to left as I look south towards Milton Dam from Rt. 7.  The lights pass over Milton Dam, over Lake Arrowhead towards the wind turbines on Georgia Mountain.  With the cluster of 12-15 red lights they are spread out but still in a group if that makes sense.  They all wink out in the same general area, but not all at once. Three more lights appear from behind the same hill/mountain and move in similar fashion, same direction and wink out of two minutes.;44.6483;-73.1317
Steady red light that crossed sky then diminished in size at a steady rate before vanishing;2013-10-22 18:35:00;40 seconds;Steady red light that crossed sky then diminished in size at a steady rate before vanishing I saw a red light in the sky.  I don't think it was a plane.  It was a steady, red light, too big to be an airplane, but too high up to be anything else.  I saw it crossing the sky about 3 or 4 times faster than a satellite.  It then turned down towards the horizon, and diminished in size at a medium rate to the point of vanishing.  At that point, it was still above the horizon.  I was able to see it for less than a minute, I'm guessing about 40 seconds but it may have been less. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD));44.6483;-73.1317
While driving along east road heading South East I was watching Cobble Hill and an orange light was hovering next to it.;2017-05-17 10:55:00;5 minutes;While driving along east road heading South East, I was watching Cobble Hill and an orange light was hovering next to it.   My friend and I watched it for about a minute or so and the orange light split into two lights, hovered for half a minute or so and then vanished.;44.6483;-73.1317
