((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information.  PD));2012-05-15 02:56:00;3-5 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.7041;-72.679
3 Flaming Balls over Wethersfield CT;2013-09-15 20:22:00;1 minute;3 Flaming Balls over Wethersfield CT On 9/15/13 at 8:22pm - Wethersfield, CT - Walking by myself on State St towards Main. Looking to my right (south), I saw a bright white light, 5 to 10 times bigger than any star or planet that I ever saw. It was just off the horizon, over some trees.  It might have been stationary at first, but within a few seconds I noticed it moving to the north (towards me) at about the speed of an airplane. After a few more seconds, I saw that there were 2 more on these objects, following the first one in single file - all together, 3 round bright white lights, moving together in unison and precision, in uniform motion, as if they were connected by a rope. Then they changed into round red flaming balls. It looked EXACTLY like these orbs were engulfed in red fire. I did not see any fuselage/body of any type. Just 3 flaming balls. They kept moving north at a very uniform speed, rising steadily, until they were in front of me, about 45 degrees off the horizon. At no time did I hear any sounds emitted from them. They then changed direction and started heading towards the east(away from me) and quickly faded out, one by one. There was no noticeable wind blowing which could have caused them to turn 90 degrees. They turned with their own power. Just to be thorough, I'm not entirely certain that they actually turned. They might have just stopped and started rising and getting smaller as they faded away. As there were no clouds or anything else that might have been used as a reference, I am unable to make an accurate determination as to their size, speed or distance from me. If I had to guess, I would say they took the approximate path, and speed, of a small single engine airplane which was in the process of climbing to cruising altitude. If that's correct, then these objects would be about 10 to 20 feet in diameter. I've been looking up in the sky for 50 years and never, ever, ever, ever, saw anything like this. Straight out of X-Files. (Note - I had just made some very clear affirmations to myself about expanding my consciousness and awareness out in all directions into infinity, and for eternity - past present and future - and in all dimensions.  I had just finished this affirmation and was focusing on these thoughts when I looked to my right and noticed this phenomenon in the sky.);41.7041;-72.679
