Object being chased by two other fighter jets.  ((NUFORC Note:  No other reports.  PD));2016-04-16 20:00:00;3 minutes;Object being chased by two other fighter jets. My daughter and I were walking our dog.  I looked up, hearing a loud scream of an engine. Looking up we both saw a jet screaming towards another object disappearing  behind as it made its pass.  When the jet reappeared it circling back with its after burners glowing blueish.  Then from the front another plane made a pass by the object and just as I reached for my phone to take a photo  The under belly of the fighter plane lit up and what I could only assume it was shooting at the object perhaps. This was when I was able to take one photo of what was going on.  After I snapped a photo.  The planes circled back following the object off in the distance.;41.7041;-72.679
Connecticut sighting - blunt triangle shaped craft cruises over dense suburban neighborhood at night.;2016-08-08 21:35:00;15-20 seconds;Connecticut sighting - blunt triangle shaped craft cruises over dense suburban neighborhood at night. I was coming home from work and had just pulled into my driveway.  I exited the vehicle and glanced over the top of my house to the north...I always do this when I come home from work.  I do not know why.  I live in a pretty dense neighborhood (my lot is .18 of an acre), but being a weeknight it was quiet..no dogs barking, no people out so pretty typical. I live in the flight path of two airports, one that houses mostly business jets as well as recreational aircraft the other regional jets to international flyers.  I also am subject to the hospital emergency helicopter, aka LifeStar, from time to time and also grew up in the flight path of a military base and get buzzed by the Met Life blimp once a year due to a PGA Golf Tournament that is run a few towns over, so I am pretty familiar with what I should and should NOT be hearing above my head. Like I said, I exited the vehicle and glanced above my house to the north.  My routine.  I was stopped short because I heard something that didn't sound right.  It was a low steady frequency with absolutely ZERO movement to it.  It did not sound mechanical.  I focused my eyes to where it was coming from.  Then up and above my house and over the tops of the trees this massive vessel/craft/ship appeared, strong and steady. It was a long, blunt triangle shape.  Think of a triangle with the tip cut off.  On each of the 4 points there was a steady bright white light I took to be the indicator lights.  Between the back 2 white indicator lights, there was a big bright red light that blinked, not fast..slow and steady.  On the blunt tip between those 2 indicator lights there was what seemed like a wall of lights that only shone straight ahead...like headlights per say.  This ship was either very low or very big.   As it passed overhead heading in a southerly direction, I just stood there, quite literally frozen to the spot, mesmerized by what I was seeing.  I had my iPhone in my hand but I didn't want to take my eyes off it even for a second so I could be present and remember what I saw so I could keep every detail in my head.  As it passed,it was all I saw, all I heard and nothing else mattered.  I was not scared..  I was more, interested and curious. After I got my senses back, I went inside and drew a picture so I wouldn't forget what I saw in the morning.;41.7041;-72.679
