Three red lights on either end of cigar-shaped craft, large moved forward, sideways, then back without turning.;2012-10-31 19:10:00;10 minutes;Three red lights on either end of cigar-shaped craft, large moved forward, sideways, then back without turning. I saw a UFO the evening of October 31, 2012.   At least it was U by me.  It was very large, cigar shaped (fatter in the middle) with three large red lights on each of the two ends.  I only saw it from one angle.  It moved toward me, it tilted slightly a few times (after I waved at it), then it went sideways, then it went back in the direction from which it had come, without turning. It was just after 7:00 p.m.  I was sitting in my bedroom with just one low night-light on near the floor, watching TV, with all the windows uncovered so I could see the lights on the islands across from me.  (I live on a huge body of water in the state of Washington, 100 feet above the water, with an almost-180-degree view of water, and islands many miles away from me.)  It was a lovely night, clear, still, well lit by the near-full moon that was just beginning to rise. I see planes across the way all the time, over land  the only aircraft that fly over the water are recreational, flying low, usually only in summer and during the day and usually only amphibian planes.  The only aircraft that fly in my direction are military planes (sometimes) and helicopters (quite often)—and those are really loud.  Once I saw one of those black triangular military craft, flying so low and slow I wondered how it could stay up in the air.  I’ve never seen a military craft fly over this area, staying over the water like this. This was way different.  So, I was sitting there watching TV and saw out the window some red lights flying slowly, quite low, across the water, coming almost in my direction (if they had continued this course they would have passed me to the North).  There were two groups of three red lights, big, with a wide space between—too wide for them to have been wing lights.  If they were wing lights, the plane would have had to be five or six times bigger than a 747.  Helicopters, I thought.  But I don’t recall having seen red lights on a chopper. The two groups of red lights were flying in such synchronization I thought, wow, if those are choppers, the pilots are amazing.  So I went to the window to watch them.  They stopped moving and hovered.  Then I thought, what the heck is that, and went outside in the dark and walked across the lawn to the fence, at the bank above the water.  No noise.  If they were helicopters, I would have heard them. The sky was bright for night, with high white clouds far above.  I could make out a faint outline connecting the red lights, kind of a cigar shape, fatter in the middle. Then I thought, cool, I think it is a UFO.  I put up a hand to beckon them to come closer to me -) The red lights began to wobble, as if the “cigar” was tipping back and forth, like plane wings would do if the pilot were goofing off. Then they moved sideways, and then they started moving back in the direction from which they had come—without first turning around, they just started moving away.  I watched them until they disappeared in the distance. UFO or … silent helicopters?  Does the military have silent helicopters with red lights?  It’s possible that my vision fooled me, that I didn’t see the cigar shape—but I doubt it.  If they were indeed two silent helicopters, they flew in perfect synchronization … and, they would have turned around.  So, I’m sure it was a very large cigar-shaped craft with three red lights on each end. I’m 62, female, retired family law paralegal.  No mental problems.  IQ 138.  This is my first sighting of a UFO.  I wish I had got a photo of it, but I didn’t want to take the time to go back inside and get a camera, wanted to see it for as long as I could. I'll be watching with a camera nearby in case it happens again!;47.2875;-122.7741
