Crafts observed of unknown type moving in formation then vanishing, followed by 5 large disk shaped ships.;2013-06-10 20:00:00;7 hours;Crafts observed of unknown type moving in formation then vanishing, followed by 5 large disk shaped ships. I have been researching the UFO phenomena for a very long time, ever since I began encountering them at 15.  I have witnessed several sightings with my family and wife.  It's almost if they follow me around.  I finally decided to help with disclosure and to bring some more awareness.  I feel behooved to send in this report. I often star gaze and it seems that this area I'm living in does have an extraordinary amount of sightings.  Due to my knowledge, I have a keen awareness to recognize this type of event.  I am a pilot, and served with distinction in several squadrons on board the U.S.S. Midway, Ranger and Enterprise. At about 8:00 p.m. looking up at my 12:00 high, I witnessed a very brilliant white gold flash. It appeared, and I'm almost sure it was outside the atmosphere in low orbit.  However, I considered it may have been a stellar event such a Nova explosion. Then a minute passed and four consecutive, flashes followed.  At this point four solid lights illuminated, and they went in formation from NE to SW, to where they disappeared at a moderate speed. Several more flashes occurred through out the evening followed by a formation traveling at an extremely high altitude.  They were not aircraft nor satellites.  A period of non event took place until what seemed like a meteorite shot over my house at and altitude aprox. 1000 ft. I have seen lots of meteors and this just caught my sight.  Never have I ever seen anything move at this speed.  I then realized that what I saw, was a vehicle of the size of a moving van, with a flat bottom, smooth top akin to half an egg shell.  This sloping was gradual from top forward forming a cutting edge.  It sped by and I observed the vehicle warp and stretch length wise when it vanished.  This event astounded me!  It happened faster than I could blink. To follow up, today my wife and I witnessed five huge mother ships enter our airspace surrounded by and into massive cloud formations.  These ships were round saucer shaped with large dome structures on top and bottom center.  I'm speculating my previously sightings were vessels belonging to these larger ones.;33.7632;-116.4229
