At least 24 silver objects flying in formation - going west and east and making a mosaic pattern. Then formed a > and flew south.;2011-06-07 11:00:00;5 or 6 minutes;At least 24 silver objects flying in formation - going west and east and making a mosaic pattern.  Then formed a > and flew south. I was in the pool at a condo complex in Rancho Mirage, CA, with my 10-year-old daughter and her friend.  It was mid morning and the sky was very clear, no clouds.  I looked up to the Northeast, near the San Jacinto mountains, and saw what I first thought was a very large flock of birds flying in formation.  I called my daughter and her friend over to watch because it was so unusual. When I saw an airplane fly under this flock, I realized these objects were too high to be birds. They were also far too synchronized.  It was the most bizarre sight I have ever witnessed. I’d say there were at least two dozen of these shiny bird shaped objects.  They would fly briefly to the right, then turn and go to the left, then divide in a mosaic type of pattern.  I commented to the girls that it was like watching a kaleidoscope. They repeated this pattern this for at least five minutes as we stood there, frozen, watching and trying to figure out what exactly we were seeing.  The girls thought balloons, no too shiny and too synchronized.  I thought sky divers, but that would have been quite a show and far too high.  I tried to figure if something was being projected onto the sky, but how could that happen in broad daylight?    After this pattern repeated at least three or four times, they flew southward in a V formation like this:  >  They flew in a southwest direction until they disappeared toward the mountain range.   My daughter actually said, Maybe we are imagining this.   I told her that three people don’t imagine things at the same time. I’m still amazed by what we saw.  My aunt died yesterday and I honestly thought she was sending some sort of message.  But it’s not much of a message if I didn’t understand it.   Then, I started researching online and saw that others have reported formation-type of silver sphere UFOs.  There have also been numerous reports along the San Jacinto mountain range.  Maybe there is a logical explanation.  I wish I had grabbed my iPhone camera, but I felt like if I looked away for a second, they would disappear.;33.7632;-116.4229
