Two brilliant white lights hovered in the Southeast near Malibu Canyon and slowly faded at the same time;2004-11-01 19:00:00;1 minute;Two brilliant white lights hovered in the Southeast near Malibu Canyon and slowly faded at the same time I was bringing in my garbage cans for the night and something caught my eye. There were two luminous white dots that were in the southeast and looked liked they were over Malibu Canyon.  One was slightly higher than the other and I watched them for about a minute and they did not move.  They appeared as bright as Venus, however they were much larger.  After about a minute, they pulsed brighter and then they both faded at the same time! I stood there looking in the same area of the sky after they faded to see if I could detect anything moving, however I could not detect any objects moving.  This is not the first time I have witnessed a UFO. I am an amature astronomer and I am very familiar with the night sky and what I saw was not a plane, helicopter, satellite, planet or star!;34.1226999999999;-118.7573
Strong, pulsating light that changed colors from red to green to white.  Object appeared stationery in sky;2008-06-22 03:00:00;7-10 minutes;Strong, pulsating light that changed colors from red to green to white.  Object appeared stationery in sky I was having trouble sleeping during the early morning hours of June 22, 2008.  I had the TV on, and after the cable had gone out for the second time, I opened up the curtains to look out at the night sky through the sliding glass doors that are in my bedroom.  It was around 3:00 am. I saw what at first appeared to be a bright star.  It was in the west, at about 45 degrees elevation.  After looking at it for a bit longer, I saw that the light seemed to be pulsating much more intently than from a flickering star.  As I continued to look, I was able to perceive that the light was also changing colors…..going from a yellow-white, to red to green.  And the pulsating effect seemed very strong.  At this time I thought it might be a plane far off in the distance, so I waited to see if I could detect any movement, by seeing if it was coming closer to me, or moving laterally to my position. After viewing it for about 2-3 minutes, it was apparent that it was not moving towards me, away from me, or to either side.  It was in the exact same position relative to me, that I had first seen it in.  The very strong, strange pulsating was continuing, so I decided to get a pair of binoculars that I had in the other room. When I trained the binoculars on the light, I was now able to more clearly see the pulsating and changing colors of light.  With the aid of the binoculars, it now appeared to me that the lights were extended outward in a somewhat circular or oval pattern.  I could not detect an object within the perimeter of these lights.  But the lights seemed to almost be dancing in a strobe like fashion.  It gave off a very strong electrical effect. By now about 6-7 minutes had passed by, and I realized that the object was slowly dropping, much like the sun setting over the horizon.   There was a large hill in my line of sight, so in the next minute or so, the object dropped out of view behind the hill, whose apex was at about 25 degrees. I’ve never reported any kind of sighting before this, but felt compelled to do so, as I have never seen anything like this before.   It was clearly not a star, planet or a meteorite.  As I stated, I was able to rule out a conventional airplane.  I was also able to rule out satellites and the International Space Station, after going to several websites and reading what the visual characteristics of such a sighting would be. The only other thing that I could think of would be some kind of helicopter, but the nature and shape of the intense pulsating and changing colored lights, seems to make this likelihood remote, in my opinion.;34.1226999999999;-118.7573
Bright shooting star shot across sky then froze just above Malibu Hills;2017-11-18 01:50:00;3 minutes;Bright shooting star shot across sky then froze just above Malibu Hills Was driving westbound on the 101 through Agoura Hills and saw what appeared to be an enormous shooting star coming downward, due west, toward Ventura.  Instead of fading away like every other shooting star I've ever seen, it jumped across the sky, seemingly several miles in less than a second, southwest, then froze somewhere just above the Santa Monica Mountains.  I've never seen anything accelerate, cover that much distance, and then come to a halt so fast.  It defied logic.   I kept my eye on it for about two more minutes and exited the freeway at Kanan Road.  It looked like a really bright star.  It was moving ever-so-slightly over what looked like the middle of the Malibu Hills, maybe near Sandstone Peak, then disappeared behind them.;34.1226999999999;-118.7573
