My wife and daughters went outside to look at the moon and she said to me there are two ufo's flying over.My three year old said,dadd;2008-02-18 19:15:00;30 seconds;My wife and daughters went outside to look at the moon and she said to me there are two ufo's flying over.My three year old said,daddy there's a rocket ship. When I got outside one of the lights had flown behind the trees and the other I was able to follow for a few seconds before it went behind the trees.It was a ball of light yellow/orange in color. There are only a few trees there and when the light I was tracking came into view it was alone. We continued watching it fly east for about 20 or more seconds, until it reached the horizon. I would say it was about 10 to 20 times brighter than the brightest star. This occurred just before the stars were becoming visible. The object flew faster than an airplane and made no sound. Also, it flew pretty straight, but unlike an airplane or satellite ,it seemed to wobble or waiver.;22.0899;-159.3482
Massive light rising up from Anahola mountain.;2014-09-24 03:30:00;10 minutes;Massive light rising up from Anahola mountain. I woke up at 3:30 am to get ready for work. A massive span of light coming up out of Anahola mountain caught my eye.  I have a large picture window in my bedroom that looks north towards Anahola mountain.  I kept looking at this light coming out of the mountain trying to figure out what it was and what might be causing it.  It was probably 2 miles across the ridge line and about a half a mile high. There are no roads leading to or on the mountain and no cities or towns on or around the mountain and no houses on the mountain. I left my bedroom and went into the bathroom and looked out of the large picture windows towards the mountain. The light was still there. After brushing my teeth I went into the living room and looked out of the window from there. The light seemed to be kind of growing and dimming. I also noticed a flashing of balls or cluster of electrical light further west on the mountain about a mile from the original light.  The flashing electric light was eradic and moved all over the face of the west end of the mountain and then disapeared or stopped.When I looked back at the original mass of light it was no longer there. The view out the windows had become normal darkness with stars visable. I continued on with my normal routine of getting ready for work.;22.0899;-159.3482
