I was awakened by mercury vapor (orangish) light that illuminated about 2 acres of rural Kauai where there are no street lights. I atte;1991-08-01 03:30:00;4-5 min.;I was awakened by mercury vapor (orangish) light that illuminated about 2 acres of rural Kauai where there are no street lights. I attempted to go outside but was lulled back to sleep. When dawn broke I I rushed outside and could find no evidence or trace. However, I observed that bright but not blinding light for about 5 minutes. My neighbor also observed the craft and purportedly was abducted. Days later a clear discharge oozed from his neck for almost one year. see above;22.0899;-159.3482
3 objects appear in the sky, zigzagging and moving in opposite directions, brightly flashing intermittently;2006-11-20 18:45:00;5 minutes;3 objects appear in the sky, zigzagging and moving in opposite directions, brightly flashing intermittently Sitting on my deck soaking in the hot tub, with no lights, after sunset, I observed three star-like objects appear in the night sky.  I first thought they were satellites, until I realized they were flashing as they moved across the sky the very bright flashing continued intermittently for the entire viewing.  Their course changed, zigzagging along from starting point in the high eastern sky towards three different compass points.  They moved about the same speed as satellites I had seen before. But the unusual thing about these was the zigzagging and bright flashing.  All three appeared from approximately the same origination point.  All three were observed behaving in much the same manner, with the exception that they were each moving in opposite directions one to the south, one to the north and the third eastward.  This lasted for about 5 minutes until they all disappeared.  I am used to observing satellites with the naked eye (it’s pretty rural out here on this island)  and had it not been for seeing the three appear in roughly the same point in the sky and then begin to zigzag across the sky in three completely different directions, flashing brightly as they moved... I might have thought nothing of it.  I suppose they could have been satellites, they could have been reflecting the sun... I don't know about the zigzagging and originating in the same place and moving opposite though.... sure was strange.  These were high in the sky, not a chance they were aircraft. They were definitely not meteors either…  Weird stuff.;22.0899;-159.3482
Kauai 3, UFO sighted.  Donkey Beach, Kapaa, HI.;2014-09-02 02:00:00;4 hours;Kauai 3, UFO' sighted.  Donkey Beach, Kapaa HI Sighting occurred on September 2, 2014, on East Shore at Donkey Beach, Kauai, HI.   It was around 2 am.  I was sleeping overnight on the beach.  In the sky to the left star level was a UFO.  To the right at star level were two more.  The left was different shape than the right sided UFO's.   The left side appeared to be doing different light shapes some like a stick Xmas tree and some were red and round in shape.  It continued to blink in different sequels and once in a while a laser light would come out and either shot out or blink to the other ships on the right.  Once in a while the laser would do some funny doodle.  The lights in conclusions were green yellow red and white.  The ship appeared to be round.    The UFO's on the right were lighted with straight line lights the light were more faded but I could make out 7 lights on one and 9 lights on the other.  They appeared to be communicating with the right sided UFO with the laser lights.  I tried to take pictures, but my cell phone had lost its charge.   A few times the laser light ran across the beach.  At one time up father in the sky was a bright star.  I heard a faint puff sound and noticed that the bright star shaped figured had been shoot at or had exploded on one side.  A piece of it started falling through space and appeared to have some flames on it.  I followed the flaming piece until it went out of sight.   This light show went on until just before dawn.  During the time at first I thought it was military but one of the  clues that it could be something else was all the time off the incident.  The UFO's stayed stationary, although the stars rotated.   I could draw a picture if needed.;22.0899;-159.3482
Stange green thing shows up in series of photos.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible lens flares?  PD));2016-09-14 18:00:00;10 minutes;Stange green thing shows up in series of photos. I was taking my evening walk and I bring along my device.  If the sunset is good, I will take photos.  I took several and later after dinner when I looked at them I saw this green thing.  I have no idea what it is.  I was about 1 mile from the cloud and I am 2.5 miles from the base of the mountain in the distance.  It's called Makaleha.  I have had refractions from headlights in previous photos, it was not dark enough for that.   I have had people say it's a drone, but it seems pretty high in some of the shots (drones are limited to 400 ft.) and you can see its lights in the clouds.  It's also green and I don't think that is a legal running light color. I have gotten another photo about a month earlier. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible lens flares?  PD));22.0899;-159.3482
