My daughter was 3 and 1/2 years old at the time this occurred. It was approximately November. I arrived home from work at approx 02:30.;1997-11-01 01:30:00;30 minutes;My daughter was 3 and 1/2 years old at the time this occurred. It was approximately November. I arrived home from work at approx 02:30. My wife at the time said I just got our daughter back to bed. She was sleeping fine and awoke talking to herself and when my wife went in to check on her, my daughter said that she was taken to a space ship. My wife asked me if I had been letting her listen to Art Bell and we went to bed. I woke up around 06:30 to meet my daughter when she woke up. When she woke up I asked her a series of questions and this is a pretty accurate transcript of our conversation. It's one I may never forget. Remember she was 3 and 1/2 years old at the time. And she was and still is a fairly bright kid. Me: I heard that mommy had to come into your room last night. Did you have a bad dream? Her: No, I went to a space ship. Me: What do you mean you went to a space ship? Her: Some aliens came into my room and took me to their space ship? Me: But when mommy came into your room you were sitting on your bed. Her: I came back by then. Me: How many aliens were there? Her: Three Me: Did you get a good look at them? Her: Yeah Me: Can you draw me a picture of what they looked like: Her: I don't know how to draw aliens. You'll have to show me. Me: Aliens are cool! But I wonder sometimes what they look like. Did you see their hands?. Her: She held her left hand about 8 from the tips of her right hand fingers sort of like an extended time out gesture and said They had long fingers. Me: Did they have hands like your hands? Her: No they were skinny and long Me: Did you see their faces? Her: Yeah. Me: What did their eyes look like? Her: Big eyes. Me: Did they talk to you? Her: Looking confused she finally said yeah Me What did they say? Her: Nothing, they had no mouth. Me: But you said they talked to you Her: Yeah. I don't know. [I'm thinking telepathy at this point] Me: They had no mouth? Did they have a nose? Her: really little. But they had big heads Me: How tall were they? Her: A little taller than me. Me: Where did you see them? Her: standing by my closet. Me: How did you get to the space ship? Her: I don't know we were just there. Me: Can you draw me a picture of the space ship? Her: I don't know how to draw a space ship, you'll have to show me. Me: It was dark in your room, was it dark by the space ship too? Her: No it had lot's of lights, all different colors but they were all on and real bright. Me: Where did you go on the space ship? Her: On a table. Me: What did you do there? Her: I just layed there. I was scared to move Me: what did they do? did they hurt you? Her: she repeatedly points at her temple Me: They pointed at your head? Her: No, they poked me. (I'm now thinking implant) Me: They poked you? with what? Her: something pointy, right here. And it hurt a little. And she points at her temple again. [I saw no marks of any kind] Me: When mommy came into your room you were sitting on your bed. How did you get on your bed if you were in a space ship? Her: I don't know. I just floated down. Me: Did they come back with you? Her: they went back when momny came in. Me: I saw an alien in a movie and they were scarey and all different colors and different. She interupts me and says, It hurt a little when they poked me but they were nice. and I think they were green or something. I then asked again if she could draw me some pictures and she repeated the I don't know how you'll have to show me answer.  So I had a little 3 and 1/2 year old girl who was transported from her bed in the middle of the night to a space ship, implanted and presumably examined, had a conversation via telepathy with 3 aliens who then accompanied her back to her room.  And she basicaly shrugged it off like it was no big deal. We figured she did not see any television that day even remotely referring to a space ship or aliens or anything similar. So the question is. Did it happen? Did she have an etremely vivid dream? or?... She doesn't remember a thing about this now. She's 9 and perfectly normal. At the time I tried to contact [someone] but had irratically available computer so I couldn't e-mail or search the internet for UFO sites like yours to properly report this. But I figured you'd find this interesting. So now that I found your site I sent the info.  Thanks ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.8074;-88.4043000000001
Some kind of light, coming from the ground up, illuminated the entire sky to a mellow shade of green.;2019-05-22 02:22:00;3-4 seconds;Some kind of light, coming from the ground up, illuminated the entire sky to a mellow shade of green... The entire sky. I was driving to work this morning, and keep in mind, I take this way to the freeway almost every morning at the same exact time, and I’ve never seen anything like this.  Also, I live sort of in the country, there’s not a lot of activity around this time, and it remains relatively dark out.  So, as I was passing this small intersection thing, I looked down at my phone, and about a second after I looked up, there was this green light that illuminated the entire sky in that direction.  There was a lot of precipitation in the air, so it wasn’t as bright as it would have been without it.  I thought I was imagining it for a second, it looked like it shot from the ground up and when I say the entire sky was a mellow shade of green, I mean THE ENTIRE SKY was green.  And after about 3-4 seconds, maybe longer, the light shrank back down, and looking in my rear view, it didn’t happen again.   Normally, I’d brush something like this off, but about two years prior, in the same general area that I was driving past, I had been out for a walk.  I took a wrong turn down this trail (keep in mind, it was about 3 or 4 in the morning, I was walking thru the woods and I had my phone flashlight to help guide me a little bit), and about ten feet down this trail, I had woods on one side of me, and an open field on the other and in the field, I noticed (you know how when you shine a flashlight on an animals eyes they illuminate a shade of orange or red?) my flashlight illuminated two orangey eyeballs.  I knew it wasn’t a normal animal because it was TALL and it sent chills up my entire body.  And you know when you make accidental eye contact with someone or something, you feel it?  I felt it alright.   I backed away slowly until I got to the main trail and started sprinting home.  The point of backing up rather than immediately running away was to ensure that I wasn’t being followed.  Now, the thing that confirmed my eerie feelings, was once I hit the road, I looked up at the sky, saw a white flash of light slightly grow and then quickly shrink, disappearing completely.  It felt like something out of a movie.   Since then, I haven’t been on any more night walks.  I wish I had pictures because I feel absolutely insane trying to explain this with no physical evidence.  But as I experience things, my first thought is never to take a picture, it’s always either panic, or “WHAT IN GOD'S NAME WAS THAT THING?”;42.8074;-88.4043000000001
