Carrier craft picks up scout ship;1978-08-07 22:00:00;8 seconds;Carrier craft picks up scout ship At about 10 pm on above time and date, my ex-wife and I were standing out in the driveway, just looking at the stars and talking. It was one of those incredibly clear high country nights, not a cloud in the sky, no moon. Just above the tree line, my eye caught a moving light. It was a perfect sapphire blue, and was large enough to just show a disc, rather than a pinpoint. My immediate impression was that this object was at very high altitude and moving very fast. As I watched, it crossed an arc of about 100 degrees of the sky, in about 5 seconds. Then I saw another object coming in on a converging course at about a 30 degree angle from behind. This object was a greenish white pinpoint of light, also moving very fast,and converging on a collision course with the first object. At this time I thought the guys at at Sandia Missle Lab had really come upwith some kind of intercepter missle, and there's going to be a hell of an explosion up there. To my surprise, ther not only was not an explosion, the two objects met, merged, moved another 30 degrees across the sky and winked out. I then had the immediate thought-scout ship pick up!!! This had all happened so fast that I hadn't said a word to my ex, so I asked her if she had seen it too, and she said yes and described exactly what I had seen. I would like to add at this time that I have spent most of my life outdoors, in all conditions, and I am very familiar with aircraft of all types, having seen them in every combination of light and weather. Further I have ecellent depth perception and distance judgement, as I am a life long hunter and also a competitive shooter. I point this out because while I had no real reference points to judge the altitude of this object, I had an immediate impression of extreme altitude [possibly sub-orbital].  Given that the first object was showing a disc, barely, and that it covered an arc of sky of about 130 to 140 degrees in about 8 seconds it would have to be BIG and FAST !! Like way beyond anything in the inventory, then or now. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.5714;-105.6677
Object with broad center area following airplane.;2006-04-08 12:30:00;10 mins;Object with broad center area following airplane. Saw an airplane with a contrail traveling east to west over Pecos wilderness. Followed by an object that caught my eye because it was much thicker in the center than an airplane is. No contrail. It was following the airplane. Both were too high up for identification which is why I am making this report. I was an RN, now on disability. Have an open mind.;35.5714;-105.6677
