1 round, 1 smaller triangular companion object, seen hovering beyond treeline by 3 S of Montello, WI. 4 pictures taken.;2018-07-18 19:25:00;3 minutes;1 round, 1 smaller triangular companion object, seen hovering beyond treeline by 3 south of Montello, Wisconsin.  4 pictures taken. On July 18, 2018, we had left a Montello, Wisconsin gas station where I had zeroed out the trip meter after filling up.  My two teenage sons and I were heading back to our vacation cabin. At about 3 miles out of Montello, going south on Marquette County Highway C, I spotted an apparently stationary, dark and round, very unusual object over the distant tree line a mile or two away.  It was perfectly round, dark and dull as smoke.  I remember so well that it was as round as a BB.  It was not swaying. It seemed to be hovering in place oblivious to wind and gravity. My son in the back seat asked for my cell phone so that he could take pictures of it.  He took four pictures from back there.  The pictures also recorded the digital instrument panel of our car.  The car was traveling 42 miles per hour.  The first picture was taken at 4.1 miles on the trip meter the other three pictures occurred at 4.2 miles. My cell phone camera distorts distances.  The tree line and UFO appear much farther away. To find them they are always in the center of the pictures.  In the first picture they are between the lone tree and small group of trees in the foreground.  The image upon magnification is pixelated and displays a more saucer-shaped UFO.  Upon magnification the smaller companion looks more like a toy “top” shape with its narrow point aiming downward, but its behavior does not suggest a hot air balloon, due to the speed that it moved.  The tree line in the pictures changes in the photos relative to our speed.  The UFOs remain at the same angle to the car in other words, stationary, compared to the trees. At 4.1 miles the smaller companion object is to the right of the larger stationary one.  The trip meter is at 4.2 miles in picture 2 when the companion object is above the stationary UFO.  Under magnification of the last two pictures, even though the mileage reading was still 4.2, faint dark patches suggest that the companion was left of the object.  No such darkened pixelated areas exist in the first two pictures in fact, windshield residue of a couple of water droplets are identifiable on the glass.  To the naked eye the larger UFO stood out very odd and clear. My decision was to keep going, clear the tree line.  In a few miles there would be an eastbound change in the highway also and a clear view to the south.  But once we reached the tree line the road S-curved, and there were trees we could not see through.  It was only a few more minutes until we had cleared all the trees of roadside forest and had a full view of the sky in all directions, including back to the north.  The sky however was void of any unidentifiable objects in the sky.   We looked for it as we drove east too, but the sky was empty of machines.;43.769;-89.3586
