white light near bridge in white city, oregon;2006-09-20 00:00:00;1-2 Min.;white light near bridge in white city, oregon Driving home from town on Wednesday night, at about 9:05, we saw a large white light in the sky. As we neared it we saw that it was hovering just above the trees. As we got closer we saw that it had blue and red lights as well as white ones. It was so close that we couldn't really see it's shape, and the lights were very bright. Some of the lights were blinking, and some were scrolling across the bottom. Less than a minute after we passed it, we went back to get a better look -- and it was gone. The following friday night we saw it again at about 9:45. It was a bit higher in the air that time, and my daughter watched it go up and speed off about a minute or two after we passed it.;42.4306;-122.8322
Unknown over the hills of Eagle Point and White City;2007-03-20 11:00:00;about 10 mins;Unknown over the hills of Eagle Point and White City My husband & I were headed to Medford.  It was very cloudy but not raining and I’m not sure if it was windy or not.  We were on hwy 62 getting ready to turn onto hwy 234 when I saw a shiny dot in the clouds just above the mountains.  I tried to zoom in on it then and was not able to find it in the viewfinder.  My husband couldn’t see it. I couldn’t find it or see it from hwy 234 but I kept scanning the sky.  When we were on Modoc rd.  I saw it again. It was going from shiny to dark to shiny to dark and I was having a hard time finding it in the viewfinder.  My husband couldn’t find a good spot to pull over with the load we were hauling and he still couldn’t see it.  When I was able to find it and start recording it I was leaned over from the passenger side of the truck towards my husband looking between his face and the wind wing, the window was up.  It was more of an oval or a cigar shape when I was zoomed in on it and I thought that when we got home and viewed it we would be able to see wings and be able to identify it as a plane.  I thought it was moving south while I was watching it but when we viewed it on the tv it seemed to be staying in the same place. I stopped recording when some trees came in view and I couldn’t find it again.  I don’t think it disappeared, I think it just went dark and I couldn’t see it again.;42.4306;-122.8322
