On the evening these events took place, I had just arrived at my mother's house off Hwy. 78 in a little subdivision close to and across;1969-06-30 19:00:00;10-15 minutes;On the evening these events took place, I had just arrived at my mother's house off Hwy. 78 in a little subdivision close to and across the highway from Berlin G. Myers Lumber Co.  Not long after arriving I heard people talking loudly and with excitement just outside of the house. When I went to the door there were about 15 or 20 neighbors looking and pointing at something in the sky above the subdivision. I went onto the porch to investigate and sure enough there was some sort of craft hovering slowly high in the sky as if it was looking for something. I ran in the house to get my driving glasses and when I returned the craft was so low  I swear you wanted to reach up to try to touch it. It was huge and ominous looking. It was shaped like your everyday 'Flying Saucer' medium colored gray flat metal construction. As it continued to silently hover over our heads, a relatively small compartment slowly descended from the middle of bottom of the craft... there were lights in it but I couldn't see any occupants. Everyone was spellbound and silent. All of a sudden and without warning it disappeared in an instant....and immediately a military looking helecopter came swooping in so close & fast over our houses, we ducked in panic. The chopper circled the area quickly once and headed off toward the airforce base. Personally I'm not prone to believe in a future allien invasion...we have enough acting like that down here already, but I know what we all saw and quiet honestly I'm glad I am able to share the experience even though it has been about 50 years ago. God bless and keep looking up!!!;32.9858646387833;-80.1841724334606
((HOAX??))  I was stopped on dirt road in the woods and two bright objects passed over me.;1999-09-04 22:30:00;15 min;I was stopped on dirt road in the woods and two bright objects passed over me and then one appeared to land in a clearing just beyond me. The light produced by the craft was like that from a black light, but pulsating.  There was a deep humming sound.  It looked like two craft passed over me, but I only saw one lower itself down in a clearing.  When I reached the clearing (5 minutes later) an opening in the side of the craft was evident and something could be seen moving inside the opening.  As I tried to get closer, the opening closed and the craft suddenly lifted off and sped away.  I could follow it's path and then I saw the second craft join it and then they both headed to the east at a fast pace about like watching a jet go by.  There were no burn marks at the landing site and the next day I could not find any markings in the clearing.  The only thing I found was a dead racoon with its gut split and the internal organs missing.   I did'nt stick around to look for anything else! ((NUFORC Note:  Probable hoax.  PD));32.9858646387833;-80.1841724334606
The star that moves in South Carolina;2012-03-01 20:00:00;5-10 Secs.;The star that moves in South Carolina Many wont believe me, my own family didn't until we saw what I have dubbed The star that moves. I have become obsessed over it, as I hope for a logical explanation beyond my understanding. It started as I was getting my children up for school, early in the morning before the sun rises. I am a smoker, but we do not smoke in the house. I was looking up at the stars, watching them, when out of the corner of my eye,a bright one suddenly began to move across the sky. It was small, and it looked like a regular bright star, but the way it moved gave me shivers of fear. It didn't blink, It wasn't a shooting star moving as fast as they move. Every other plane we see in the sky blinks multiple colors of white, red and blue or a combination, or just red. This one did not. This one seemed to mimic a star, then it just... left.It was extremely high, but I still do not know what it was. As I told my wife, she laughed, saying it was probably a shooting star. But it was not, I have seen plenty of those. I challenged her the next few days to get up with me and star-gaze, in prayer to see it again. A few days afterward we saw many planes in the sky, skywriters, jets, passenger airplanes, military cargo jets. And my wife gave up saying she believed me, it was a u.f.o., an object I could not identify. Depressed, I woke up every morning with my girls for school, between 6:00 a.m. and 6:30 am, watching the sky until they went to school. Then finally I saw the object again. I believe it was on a Wednesday or a Thursday morning. The dawn was rising, but the stars  still shined through some light cloud in the sky. I fixated my eyes on one, watching the clouds move in front of it, and I watched it leave its position in the sky. Almost like a night watchman. Excitedly I opened the door behind me and screamed at the children to get over here and look, but only my oldest ! daughter made it out, but the object had vanished in plain sight. They had just missed it, but she said that she believed me and left for school. I told my wife, and she of course said o.k., but I could see the disbelief in her eyes. Convinced I was not crazy, and determined because I saw the object again, I cannot stop watching the skies. About three weeks ago, my wife and I was smoking in the front yard, and I was watching towards Orion's Belt, when from my position to the right I was watching a cluster of stars. My wife noticed how pretty and bright they were as well, when we Both witnessed the object in the cluster move right, faster than usual, then grow extremely bright and vanish. I screamed at her Told you so! She was shocked by what she saw, and she could not explain what she seen, but she left it at, That is amazing, you should see if anyone else ever see's this. Since then, about a week and a half ago, I had the family in my truck and we have a sunroof, we went to dinner at a local buffet, and as we were driving back to our neighborhood, the stars were gorgeous yet again. I laughed and told them I want to see  the star that moves again and they all said we want to see it too. I pulled into my driveway, and my wife and I and all the children sat looking out at the sky, when directly above us, it did it again. I screamed out there it is, and the children rushed out as well as my wife. It moved across other stars, to the left and in the direction of the ocean. Bright, fast, but not a falling star and not blinking one bit. The children were excited to see what I was talking about, and my wife said, That is cool, but the last time was cooler. I have moved as of a week ago, but I still find myself watching for stars that just... leave their nightly position in space. What is this object, and does anyone else see it in South Carolina?;32.9858646387833;-80.1841724334606
Amazing glowing circle.;2013-12-07 07:16:00;2 minutes;Amazing glowing circle. I was walking my dogs with my family and I saw a glowing bright circle in the sky moving slowly.  It was visible for about 2 minutes and I snapped a pic of it, and then it went away very quickly after I took the picture, falling or flying to the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness forwarded a copy of his photo to our Center, and it indicates a bright red light, close to the horizon, in the nighttime sky.  Photo may be posted to our website.  PD));32.9858646387833;-80.1841724334606
