CLEAR BUT SHAPED OF A BOOMERANG NO LIGHTS OR SOUND MATCHES THE SKY. ;2007-04-15 00:00:00;3mins;CLEAR BUT SHAPED OF A BOOMERANG NO LIGHTS OR SOUND MATCHES THE SKY    it was a nice night partly cloudy moon was out now that i think more of it. i always look up at the stars, but this night i looked up sitting with a friend n i saw a boomerang shape and looked as if it was matching the sky . i could see the shape very clear. to where i was sayin to my friend what is that repeating the same thing at least a few time, he got scaered n said what ,what!!!!! i pointed and followed it to where it just disapeared.it didnt last long but enough for me to write thing wondering if any one else his seen this.CLEAR BUT SHAPED OF A BOOMERANG NOT LIGHTS NO SOUND. I JUST WANT TO KNOW IF ANYONE HAS SEEN SOMETHING LIKE THIS TRANSLUCENT SHAPED OF A BOOMERANG .THANK YOU ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));32.9858646387833;-80.1841724334606
Looking for shooting stars and saw a dull green pentagon shaped object made up of 6 orb-like spheres.;2011-12-12 23:00:00;2 seconds;Looking for shooting stars and saw a dull green pentagon shaped object made up of 6 orb-like spheres. I was in my back yard smoking a cigarette last night (approx. 11:00, 12/12/11). I remembered that there is going to be a pretty good meteor shower on 12/14 so I looked up to see if there was anything I could see.  As I was watching the sky, I did actually see about 4 shooting stars. I was looking almost straight up when something different from what I had seen of the shooting stars showed up. I didn't know what it could possibly be.  We have planes flying over our home all time because we live near an airport so I have seen my fair share of lights in the sky.  This object was totally unfamiliar to me. It was a pentagon shape made up of 6 orb-like dull green (swamp green) spheres.  I couldn't see the actual object (if there was one) only the spheres that made up the shape.  The spheres were located at each point of the pentagon and one in the middle of the object.  The reason I say orb-like is because they didn't emit any light as I would expect them to.  When it came into view, it was as if it were coming out of a cloak.  I could see the object for about 2 seconds (flying straight) before it vanished the same way it came into view (cloaked).  If you were in the dark with a flashlight and something passed by the beam of light, that's what it looked like except a light shining on this object would have made it more visible in my opinion. It took a second for me to realize I could have just witnessed a UFO.  I contemplated in my mind what it could possibly have been to no avail.  I stayed outside for a little longer to see if it came back or more could be visible but there was nothing else.  There was not much time to analyze more detail of what I had just seen as it was here and gone so fast (about the speed of a shooting star). I finished my cigarette and went inside but didn't tell my wife about it immediately.  I cleaned up the living room a little bit, grabbed a sheet of paper and a pen. I drew out the shape of the pentagram and showed it to my wife.  I said, I just saw this in the sky.  She asked if it had any lights on it and I said no then gave her the description from above. I went outside with my camera to try to take some long exposure shots of the sky to see if I could catch anything else but didn't see anything more. I wanted to make sure I remembered what I saw, so explaining it to my wife was my backup.  This morning, I decided to make an animated GIF image of what I had seen.  I tried to make it as accurate as possible so I used a background image of last nights sky.;32.9858646387833;-80.1841724334606
