10/15/89 Bright fast moving light over valley west of Glennallen, Alaska;1989-10-15 22:00:00;approx 1 hour;10/15/89 Bright fast moving light over valley west of Glennallen, Alaska Extreme bright light moving East to South West across a wide valley.  This was AFTER is was right behind my parked car.  I was driving back to Anchorage, it was late, and I parked in a rest area about 25 miles from Glennallen, Alaska.  No houses or buildings for several miles from the rest or pull off area. A large tractor trailer truck, that had not been there when I pulled into the rest area, was there after the bright light (which gave off a loud humming noise) shot off toward the South West.  I had gotton out of the car to try to figure out what was going on. I was very suprised to see the truck.  I didn't hear it come into the rest area, and it was parked 20-30 feet from the front of my Audi sedan.  I ran to the driver's door on the truck. The driver just looked at me and said something like you see things out here at night that no one would believe, or words to the effect.  I was pretty excitited at the time. This happened 18 years ago.  I had no idea who to tell it to or report it to until seeing something about the National UFO Reporting Center on TV last night on the History Channel.  Also, I was concerned about saying anything to anyone other than my wife as it could have effected my professional life. I did not see what looked like a craft.  The light was so bright and it moved so fast I was simply stunned.  The humming noise was very loud.  I can only descpribe is a electrical in nature.  No other way to describe the sound other than the volume. I believe there is more to this.  However, in an effort to keep from sounding like I'm crazy I will leave this report as is.  It was the strangest experience of my life.  I do not drink or do drugs.  Never have.  It would be possible for someone to think I was under the influance after giving the full details of the incident.  I don't believe I was abducted.  However, the truck and driver and electrical problems (which cured themselves) with the car would tend to make it look like I was abducted or came close. To this day I have no idea what happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));62.1039;-145.6617
((HOAX??))  Aliens and UFOs on Halloween night near HAARP!!!;2005-11-01 00:30:00;3.5 hrs.;Aliens and UFOs on Halloween night near HAARP!!! After seeing what looked like a meteor falling out of the sky, on a trip to Valdez, we were followed by black suvs, a helicopter, firetrucks, and Alyeska pipeline response vehicles.  It was a clear night, but we soon were driving through what was to be guessed as a fog bank.   After rolling down the windows we soon discovered the fog was actually wood smoke.  After exitting the smoke later down the road a small glowing cone shaped object was seen innthe rearview mirror following us down the road.  It soon disappeared my view, as it was to close to the rear of the vehicle.  When it was out of my view the car backfired, and I saw sparks in the rearview passenger mirror, as if the object had hit the ground and rolled on the asphault.   Later down the road coming to a bridge, four figures were crossing the road towards the west.  Unbelievable, but I swear as we passed they were greys, in the middle of the winter and naked.  Ten minutes later, about one hundred feet out from the vehicle a red ball was following us.  Staying the same rate as us, and the same altitude as us, as we were heading up Thompson pass.  Nothing out of the ordinary until we got to the top of the pass.   Then I saw what looked what to be a giant pyramid hovering over Valdez.  It had three lights, one on each corner.  After we got through the pass and into the canyon before Valdez, I lost sight of the triangular shape in the sky.   Once we got through the canyon and close to Valdez, I noticed the object was gone.  Before getting onto the ferry we noticed Alyeska pipeline response vehicles driving all over the city of Valdez.;62.1039;-145.6617
