Five strange lights moving in a slithering motion over my car like a sidewinder.;2003-07-15 22:00:00;2 min;Five strange lights moving in a slithering motion over my car like a sidewinder. Im not Quite sure of the date I know that it was in the summertime about five years ago (2003) . Me and two of my friends were on our way to my sisters house in my car on route seven going past Lums pond state park going north words Wilmington.  As we were passing the main entrance five lights in a row came up from behind my car. We had the sunroof open. It came directly above my car (about thirty feet) it looked like a string of five lights in a perfect row. When I saw it I thought it was a helicopter I had heard no noise but that may have been because we had the music going. It seemed to follow us directly above us for about thirty seconds. My friends said it could have been a r\c airplane because there is a r\c flying field near us. I thought it was way too big it was about thirty feet long. I remember thinking that it was one object but after the first thirty seconds the lights began to move in a almost slithering motion like a sidewinder .Then it had moved (still slithering) to the left of my car. And kept going left of my car slowly until it had gone out of view into the park the whole time keeping the same speed we were going. The five lights were white and almost reminded me of the lights on a helicopter. I apologize for my lack of writing skills. I just wanted to add my sighting to the sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.6102;-75.6747
Dull Orange Cicular Objects Fly in Formation over New Castle County;2012-06-16 21:40:00;5-7mins;Dull Orange Cicular Objects Fly in Formation over New Castle County We left a Bear, DE shopping center on Route 40 around 9:40 Saturday evening, June 16,2012.  As we waited for traffic light to change, we noticed 6 dull orange, but bright lights round lights, low in the sky, flying in a zig-zag formation. These lights were not flashing, just glowing. Past them in the distance were 2 more, then 2 more appeared further back, it was quite unusual and unsettling.  They appeared to be coming from the Northeast, flying along the west side of the Delaware River, going down toward Middletown and Dover.  We rolled down the windows to listen for their engine sounds, but heard nothing. We thought we were being invaded.  very creepy.;39.6102;-75.6747
I've seen this light in the clouds so far three other time's. Going out to smoke twice in Bear once in Newark, DE.;2016-03-05 21:00:00;1 hour;I've seen this light in the clouds so far three other time's.  Going out to smoke twice in Bear once in Newark, DE.  I've seen the fireball type and the lazer beam type making Patterns years ago.  But this looks like a ghost light that toys in a perfect circle repeating itself for long periods.  It won't come out of the clouds.  And there is nothing but a pond below. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.6102;-75.6747
