a round metallic object flying over bear del. disappeared and reappeared changed direction and flew away at incredible speed;2010-09-05 16:00:00;30 seconds then 30 second;a round metallic object flying over bear del. disappeared and reappeared changed direction and flew away at incredible speed i was looking up and at first i thought i was looking at a bubble then i realized it wasnt a bubble , it flew for about 30 seconds faded then reappeared flew 30 more seconds then disappeared again. it flew like the speed of a plane , but was round and metallic looking . i kept looking up and spotted either the same one or a different object going in a differnt direction and this time it was moving very fast . i yelled to everyone and said do you see it ? my cousin said yeah but didnt know what it was . later a plane flew over in the same exact flight pattern ,same speed as the first sighting and had the same metallic look but you i could see the wings and the rest of the plane where the other craft was just round and the other factor that made a difference was i heard the plane the round craft made no sound . now with the secound sighting the other difference was the speed ,when i see a plane over head it looks like it is moving slow and the round object was! moving fast and you could see the speed and it was much much faster than a plane .;39.6102;-75.6747
Huge sphere covered in bright lights just hovers over tree line before slowly descending. ((anonymous report));2016-09-15 21:30:00;10 seconds;Huge sphere covered in bright lights just hovers over tree line before slowly descending. I'm driving down Springfields Blvd in Bear, DE, at around 9:30 pm EST on 9/15/16.  The road is long & windy & goes past numerous residential homes & is surrounded by trees.  I'm making a turn when I see an object in the sky, straight ahead of me, in the distance, above the tree lines.  Now, of course, I see planes all the time but this caught my attention because of two things:  It wasn't moving at all & it was circular or spherical in shape.  There is no tail or wings like a regular aircraft.  And it's not flying in any direction.  It's just sitting there, in the air.  But another major thing that caught my eye was how bright it was.  From what I could see, the entire object was covered in bright lights.  Also, the object was far enough away that it was clearly above & beyond the tree line but large enough that I could see the individual lights on the body.  And they were BRIGHT.   I pulled over & was opening the camera app on my phone but when I looked back up it was descending down behind the tree line!  I figured I could catch it around the next bend if I could just get there fast enough but it was nowhere in sight after that.  I even went all the way back to drive that same road again but saw nothing.  About 20-25 minutes later (I made sure to keep a close eye on the clock), there were numerous (actual) planes in the sky. Way more than normal in my opinion.  As if they were searching for something.  About 5-10 after that, I called my brother & mom because I just HAD to tell someone.  I should note that I've seen unidentified bright lights in the sky on that road once before but tonight I actually saw the craft clearly. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.6102;-75.6747
