Multiple sightings of a perfect circle of light that is replaced by three dimmer lights in an equilateral triangle.;2007-12-21 06:30:00;2 minutes;Multiple sightings of a perfect circle of light that is replaced by three dimmer lights in an equilateral triangle. The night before my sighting, my sister told me of a peculiar event of her own. About a week before she had seen strange aircrafts about a half hour apart. She described each of the craft as a perfect circle of light that looked like an over-sized star or planet, which was moving strangely around the night sky. When she paid very close attention to it, trying to figure out what it was, the circle of light disappeared, and was replaced by three smaller, dimmer lights, which formed an equilateral  triangle, as if it were trying to look less bright. The three lights then got dimmer and dimmer, until they disappeared altogether. I was a little skeptical. I believed she saw something, but I thought she must have been mistaken, and that it was really just a helicopter. However, early the next morning, I went outside to go to the bus stop, and in the sky were two circles of light slowly moving in random directions. They were definitely not helicopters, or any other kind of aircraft that I've ever seen. One of the crafts disappeared while I had my eye on the second one. I stood staring at it for about a minute, and then I remembered that my sister had said that it seemed to retreat only when she really tried to figure out what it was. So I focused all my attention on it. Then, The craft spun to show a different side, which had three dim lights that formed and equilateral triangle. I was so in awe, that i didn't think to get out my camera, and all I could do was stare at it. The bus arrived, and so my sighting came to an end. I felt like I had been visited, as crazy as it may sound, and I felt like it was because my sister tld me about her sighting. It was eerie. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.6102;-75.6747
Triangular object.  White light illumination not yellow.  No port or star at lights.  Traveled from L to R in seconds.  Heading N.;2017-06-28 00:05:00;15 seconds;Triangular object.  White light illumination not yellow.  No port or star at lights.  Traveled from left to right in seconds.  Heading north. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded, and credible.  He is a retired military officer.  PD));39.6102;-75.6747
I noticed an elongated blackish triangle shaped object. It seemed to be moving pretty fast it’s angle was very steep. I would say on a;2020-01-22 09:35:00;3 minutes;I noticed an elongated blackish triangle shaped object.  It seemed to be moving pretty fast it’s angle was very steep.  I would say on a 30 degrees and moving down.  I was trying to get my phone and I was driving at the same time.  It just disappeared.,I would say it may have been viewed for a few minutes.  I never saw anything like this before.  I’m 42 now, and can’t find an explanation.;39.6102;-75.6747
