Saw a light traveling low in the horizon at night that normally would have appeared to be an airplane except it was moving too fast. I ;1998-11-23 20:30:00;15 seconds;Saw a light traveling low in the horizon at night that normally would have appeared to be an airplane except it was moving too fast. I can't say for sure it was a UFO but planes don't fly that fast. I was driving home at 8:30 pm heading west on state highway 502 towards Battle Ground. I was about 3-5 miles from Battle Ground when I saw a light traveling south at approximately 1000 feet high in the distance in front of me. The object appeared to be far enough away as to be flying over Battle Ground. It's appearance was like an airplane at night. It was a white light with a smaller red light on it. At this distance, an airplane would appear to the eye to be traveling relatively slow in perspective. However the object was moving at a fairly rapid rate. My estimate based on it's altitude and distance in front me was that it would be traveling at several hundred miles per hour. It is the velicity which grabbed my attention. I am used to seeing planes fly as Portland International Airport is about 25 miles away. This moved way faster than anything I've seen before. If it weren't for the velocity, I would have thought it was an aircraft of some sort. The total time I saw this was about 15 seconds and then it disappeared behind some trees which blocked my view.;45.7907;-122.5288
Observed two hovering UFO's, one following the other.  It was dark, partly cloudy with few stars visible.  The area I was in was rural ;2001-10-17 21:30:00;5 minutes;Observed two hovering UFO's, one following the other.  It was dark, partly cloudy with few stars visible.  The area I was in was rural and fairly dark except for street lights.  The objects were seen from my car while driving.  The first object appeared to be fairly close and had a beam of light barely visible coming from the front of the object.  The second UFO appeared shortly after I spotted the first one.  They were very intensely bright, a silver color, so there was no way to distinguish a shape.  To the eye they appeared like a round cluster of with tenacles of light protruding from all sides that hung down at the ends as if they were heavy, like a tree limb full of rain or snow.  The only thing I could relate it to is a decoration that one uses at a party to hang from the ceiling that has many short pieces that hang at downward angles when unfolded and hung.  I lost sight of them at one point, but as I turned the corner and looked to see if i could spot them I could see one UFO had risen and was barely visible as an eerie glow in the clouds. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke to this witness, and we found her to be quite credible and convincing.  We do not know what the objects were.  PD));45.7907;-122.5288
((HOAX??))  There were rapidly moving lights in the sky that were flashing it seemed.;2007-11-23 05:00:00;30 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Witness fails to indicate the date of the alleged sighting.  Possible hoax.  Could have been due to a sighting of Venus in the morning sky.  PD)) there were rapidly moving lights in the sky that were flashing it seemed. I was at my home in Battle Ground and my room used to be the garage so I have an exterior door on the east side of the house.  I went outside and noticed a bright light almost like airplane headlights off to the east.  I figured that it was headlights from an aircraft until I noticed it dimming and moving in ways that a aircraft couldn't do.  It was making small circles at one point and then started making more rapid movements to the left and to the right, diagonal, and while it was doing this there were surges of light that made it look like it was flashing while doing this. I continued to go back and observe it for about 30 minutes and needless to say after seeing this I was pretty freaked out.  So I went to grab a video camera to get it and when I got back I noticed that the batteries that had been charging were dead out of nowhere for the camera.  The background was all black because it was up in the sky above the tree line.  All I could make out was the faint outline of the trees and it was right above that.  and through this whole ordeal I also noticed that the lights got closer it seemed and then suddenly everything was gone and I didn't see it again.  I just thought it was kind of strange.  and I hadn't had anything to drink this night and it freaked me out enough to start praying. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));45.7907;-122.5288
