UFO - Under The Rainbow;2008-03-08 17:30:00;1 Second?;UFO - Under The Rainbow Below is the entire scenario of the event. I will email the image to ufocntr@nwlink.com  It was a typical spring day in early March 2008. The day started out very pleasant, then just after mid day we had a storm roll through. I remember this storm quite well, because we had a fair amount of Thunder and Lighting, which seemed scared my 2 yr old son. The loud cracking of the thunder prompted him to run over and ask that I hold him.  After the storm had passed my wife took our Dogs out for some potty time, but when she came back into the house she said You have to see this rainbow outside. Much like anyone else this got me curious, so I walked out onto the deck to see this brilliant rainbow. It was the only rainbow I had ever seen that was entirely complete. At that time I decided I should snap some pictures of it, as I thought a complete rainbow was pretty cool to see. I walked around our house just taking random snapshots of the rainbow hoping that I could get an angle that showed the entire thing.  A few days had passed and I decided to dump the pictures off of my digital camera onto my computer. After the process was complete I starting trolling through the pictures that I had taken over the past couple of weeks, and then noticed the rainbow pictures in thumbnail view. I opened the first of about 10 or 15 photos I had taken of the rainbow and started looking at them. When I reached the 3rd photo in the sequence I noticed a bright light under the left side of the arch. My initial thought is that it was simply the sun peering through the clouds. So I zoomed in closer to the anomaly on the pic and immediately said WTF is that! I quickly called my wife over to take a look at this and her response was the same. I was a bit perplexed because I did not see this when I was taking the photos. After further review we noticed that there looked like there was another one of the same objects just right of the center under the rainbow, but it was clearly too far away to be sure. At this point we definitely thought what we were looking at was a UFO.  As you can see in the photo there are 3 or 4 individual round objects (lights) that appear to be emitting this bright white light from the UFO, or whatever it actually is. Also, by the length of the light trail, coupled with the fact that they are so large in the middle of a sunny day looks as though this object is moving up and to the left at a pretty impressive speed. Again, I did not see this at the time I was taking the picture, which leads me to think that this UFO was moving very fast, faster than the rate of capture by the human eye, and my camera just happened to catch one single frame during its travel. I really do not know... Take a look at the photo yourself and let me know what you think?  Also, for your reference I was facing north east and the sun was behind me, as it was late in the day.;40.5538;-75.6514
