Blimp-like object, then missile-like object, then 3 transparent saucer-shaped objects.;2010-11-09 17:00:00;15 minutes;Blimp-like object, then missile-like object, then 3 transparent saucer-shaped objects. I was driving to the store yesterday, it was starting to get dark. The horizon was just getting orange/pink, but the majority of the sky was still blue. So I'm driving and I happen to look up and see a large white/gray object in the sky. It looked like a blimp at first, but those are almost never around here and this was also an area close to an airport. What stood out was it looked like it was tilted on an angle, which didn't seem right. So I tried to keep watching as I was driving, passing by trees and buildings that would temporally block it from view, but it would always come back into view. When I looked away for a few seconds and looked back it was gone. This was a straight street too, driving right beside it. How could it fly/move away that fast when I was just looking there a few seconds ago? So I shrug it off and keep driving. Then about 10-15 seconds later I look back at the same spot in the sky and see this small, but very bright white light with this weird, very short smoke/cloud stream behind it. It was just a light too, not a plane or anything and the sky was still very bright at this time. It looked like an extremely bright little star, but in a blue sky. So I'm still driving trying to watch it and come to a stop light and sit there. I look back at it and now the stream is completely gone, but it seems to be moving very slow in the sky, same with the blimp-like thing. It didn't fade away, it was like it was never there and now the light has gotten very dim, almost blinking out, then it does, but comes back a little brighter, then brighter then it blinks out and is gone all together and not a thing is in the sky there. Now I'm getting weirded out. Now that it's gone I keep looking in the same direction trying to find something, but what I see now is the weirdest of the three. I see this large, flat, saucer/disk like shape in the sky. It was colored like a cloud, a very faint white, almost transparent color like it was trying to blend into the sky. This thing is very low in the sky, right above the treetops. I come to another stop light and watch it. It slowly moves from the right to the left behind some trees in the distance, then comes back to the right. Then I notice a second, then a third. All the same size and color, but the were in a wide triangle formation now. I'm almost to the store now, but trees and buildings are blocking my view so I hurry to the parking lot and park. It was a perfect view now. I sat there for about five minutes watching them move in the same area of the sky. Going back and forth, They seemed to fade away, then reappear. At times I would see only one or two or all three. They just seemed to! vanish on the spot and I couldn't see them any more and I went on with my business. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.4283361141009;-83.9767440796567
