The sphere moved in an absolute straight line just above the tree line.;1988-08-01 11:00:00;1 minute;((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate year of the sighting.  PD)) The sphere moved in an absolute straight line just above the tree line. I was in the backyard of my residence.  The residence is located in the pine woods of Bastrop County, about 5 miles north of the city of Bastrop.  The back yard was small, only about 30 x 50'.  There were trees surrounding the rest of the house and some small scrubs then larger trees in back of the yard.  I had notice a passenger plane passing over just a few minutes before.  I was shooting a BB pistol when something moving at my left side in the air caught my attention.  When I first looked up, my immediate thought was that it was a dandelion puff then I realized a puff would be too heavy to fly.  Upon closer observation, it appeared to be a sphere in shape, of metalic construction.  It was traveling about ten to fifteen feet above the tree line in an absolute straight line without wavering.  The speed is estimated to be about 5mph.  There was a slight breeze which made me think that this object was under some kind of power or it would have wavered in the wind.  I wanted to get my camera but thought that it would be out of sight by the time I retrieved it.  As the object passed at about a 10 degree angle from where I was standing, and about forty feet away, I opened fire with my BB pistol.  I had my doubts that I would hit it but felt like if I could, I may be able to alter its course.  I shot at it several times and then observed it as it went out of sight beyond the trees in the front yard.  I have relived this event many times, wondering just what it was that I observed.  I have never observed another unexplained object since that time or even before. ((NUFORC Note:  The year of the sighting is unknown to us, given the error in the date submitted by the witness.  We will attempt to correct the error by contacting the witness.  PD));30.1388000000001;-97.2920999999994
9/21/0Blinking colored lights forming perfect spherical-shaped object in night sky moving slowly from sw to north, back to south;2009-09-21 22:00:00;1-1/2 hrs;9/21/0Blinking colored lights forming perfect spherical-shaped object in night sky moving slowly from sw to north, back to south Originally around 9:30 p.m. saw what appeared to be a twinkling star in south/southwestern sky immediately above tree line from back yard.  Noticed redish tint, then green and blue blink off to edge and red again with white intermitting.  Went into house for binoculars using 7 x 35 mm wide angle lenses, the image popped immediately into a sphere covered with a network of lights that were chasing in patterns across the exterior of this perfectly-formed globe.  I couldn't even begin to guess size, thereby distance, but it seemed to hold quite still for periods of time and as I saw it float gently to north, staying ever to my west, I ran to street, calling everybody I could think of at a rather late hour for most of my friends.  I found one who lived to the west of me about an hour's drive, approximately 45 miles direct route. I kept her on phone for moral and mental support as I went back to house, got in car and drove to river, one block away, parked and turned off all lights to get clear view.  It was a very visible globe, confirming the viewing of earlier, red, green and blue lights chasing one another in blinking fashion, much like chasing christmas lights only with a peculiar pattern.  The largest band of lights was around the center of sphere, and that was red, never changing but at times dimming to what appeared to be a muted tone nearly black and white in color.  Then green would appear in 2-3 rows on the lower left quadrant and blue was blinking in ring above and below the red ring, with a smattering of colors continually blinking about this globe.  Imagine the framework of a geodesic dome that is a complete globe and the intersecting pieces of framework would be the positioning of the lights.  They always traveled in this perfect web of lights but not in a pattern that I would be able! to identify was anything beyond random, with the exception of the repeating of the red blaze from right to left from time to time.  That was dependably consistent.  It then moved from due west to southwest once again and seemed to move from that point south, and away.  Around 11:00 when I went back out to climb on roof to again search, I found absolutely no sign of it. I know what I saw it appeared to be a hollow globe, the shape defined and formed by a network of connecting lights on a grid.  I'm not sure if the illumination showed interior of globe or exterior.  Too far away and binoculars showed clearly the shape and color but not depth or distance.;30.1388000000001;-97.2920999999994
