vw bug sized /flat black colored sphere moving glide like,silent,w/o exhaust trail seen in broad daylight;2005-07-18 06:30:00;3min;vw bug sized /flat black colored sphere moving glide like,silent,w/o exhaust trail seen in broad daylight I was relaxing in my backyard pool on mon july 18 my usual day off of work.it was about 6:00 bright blue clear sky a nice enough day to want to be in the pool.I had my headphones on and out of the corner of my eye I kinda see what I thought would be a balloon that got away traveling in the wind.as it enters my line of sight I notice it to be a round sphere at about the size of a vw bug.traveling in a straight path not going up as planes do and fricking silent.it was silverish but when it was at its closest it looked like it was colored flat black with no windows lights fuel or exhaust trail.it was at a heighth too low for any pilot to want to fly safely.I freaked and went to get my mom,but i should of gotten my camera,by the time she came out it was just a blur in its distance.I had no plans on sharing this and havent told anyone because theyd just think I was lying or weird.I only changed my mind after reading reports from others in washington whos accounts and descriptions of the object were identical to mine.when this happened my heart was racing my hair was on edge and I felt somewhat fearful and thats not how I usually react to airplanes or loose ballons.this was real.;47.1629979591837;-122.528412244898
Bright orange ball of light or orb seen flying at the tree lines for 3 minutes;2012-09-26 19:25:00;3 minutes;Bright orange ball of light or orb seen flying at the tree lines for 3 minutes On the evening of Sept 26th I sat on my front porch. I suddenly noticed across the street flying through my neighbors trees a beach ball sized orange ball of light or orb.  It hovered & flew quietly in my direction and I could at times see through it and see what appeared to be flames. Then it would suddenly fill up with orange color and move on.   This last approximately 3 minutes and I took 8 pictures unfortunately with my phones camera.  My wife joined me for a few and observed it as it flew just at the tops of the tree lines.  It was between 100-200 yards from me. It then shot off towards Ft. Lewis. Within minutes there were about half a dozen military helicopters hovering above my neighborhood with huge spot lights shining everywhere. After they left there was what appeared to be a fighter jet quietly and slowly circling above. The next day after work we noticed a half black, half white huge helicopter flying around the neighborhood very slowly. On the front/nose of it there was a huge camera lense. It was flying in patterns as though it might be charting or searching for something. I took pictures with my camera phone of it as well.;47.1629979591837;-122.528412244898
2 silver-reflective sphere/orbs seen in the sky west of I-5 in Lakewood, WA area.;2019-03-11 09:15:00;10-15 seconds;2 silver-reflective sphere/orbs seen in the sky west of I-5 in Lakewood,Wa. area. I never thought I would be making a UFO report to NUFORC, but I suppose there is a first time for everything..  I was on my way to Seattle from the Lakewood 512 Park and Ride, riding on the #594 Sound Transit this morning.  It was a sunny and clear morning at about 9:15 am after we had merged onto the I-5 Northbound somewhere around 84th st exit, or a little past that, but way before the Tacoma Dome, I was looking out the bus window, sitting in the very back- left or driver side-seat I witnessed up in the sky to the west (about a ¼ mile out), not far from the freeway, what appeared to be-2 silent, silver orb or sphere like objects (3 to 5 ft in diameter?), that were either reflecting the sun or had sun like-light emanating from them (hard to tell)-flying at insanely high rates of speed and what looked-to-me like one was chasing after the other!  At first thought, the most logical explanation I was thinking was,“ Wow, those are some fast moving drones!! ”  But then I quickly realised that that was impossible due to the fact that they were travelling way too fast, making dive bombing and zig zagging motions thru the sky and stopping and then darting off at a right angle and then shooting straight back up into the sky and then disappeared!  As I witnessed this I pointed and yelled to my friend who was sitting 2 seats forward, directly in front of me, “Nate, look!  Look!  What the hell are those?! ”   He immediately glanced out his window to his left and scanned the skies but couldn’t see what i was seeing.  A few other passengers glanced up from their smartphones and looked at me like I’m crazy and then went back to whatever it was that they were doing.  So, I seem to be the only one who witnessed this 10 to 15 second event.  It happened so fast that I didn’t even have a chance to try and get video of it with my own smartphone, which I really wished I had been able to do, because nobody is gonna believe this...I hardly believe it myself!  I do know that Fort Lewis McChord joint army/air force! base is very close to here.  So, is possible it could of been something from there they were testing?  If so, I’ve never seen anything move like that and at those speeds in all my life!  They literally defied our known laws of physics.  If anyone else witnessed what I saw, please report it!  I know that even tho my friend didn’t see what I saw, he believes me and knows that I don’t make things up.  But, it would be reassuring to know that I didn’t hallucinate the event and am not the only witness, and that perhaps someone else from this area of Washington had seen it too and can corroborate my story.  Thank you.;47.1629979591837;-122.528412244898
