orange orb seen rising into large chevron shaped object, plus other crafts visible;2005-09-28 01:00:00;45 minutes;orange orb seen rising into large chevron shaped object, plus other crafts visible While smoking a cigarette in my bathroom, I looked out the window and noticed an anomalous object high in the northeastern sky.  It was a halogen-white object that seemed to be wobbling and moving around in a circle.  At first I thought it was odd but knew that I easily could be looking at a planet, satellite, or star, but after I got my binoculars to observe the object, I realized it absolutely could not be any of those things.  There was a chevron-shaped metallic object surrounded by a glow, and I witnessed it dart across the sky at ridiculous speeds several times, always returning to it's port of origin.  As I further observed the event, I saw what I can only describe as disk-shaped crafts which were considerably smaller entering the chevron-shaped object.  It was then when I really knew something strange was going on, so I woke up my friend to have him as another witness and to get his opinion on what was going on.  At first glance, he told me he thought it was a helicopter, but it emitted absolutely no sound.   Almost instantly after he came to look, we both witnessed an orange orb floating from the ground north to the object, slowly at first, but then speeding up until it entered the craft.  At that point, my friend decided that it was definitely something that he could not explain.  We continued to observe the activity for a total of at least 45 minutes, as it hovered and several other crafts darted and manuevered across the sky.  I also observed a purple colored beam emitting from the craft at random intervals, though it didn't project far.  It was like a short purple strobe.  I wanted to wait to see if the thing would shoot into space, but my friend and I got so tired we just went to bed.   I reported my sighting via telephone but forgot to include the fact that as we were in bed about to fall asleep, we heard several very loud helicopters fly over or at least near the house.   I regret that I am not more knowledgable about the technicalities of the night sky, though I observe it almost nightly and have NEVER seen anything remotely close to that.  The only other incident I ever have had regarding UFOs was that a beam once entered my room, but I did NOT witness a craft at that time and have no evidence that it was from any otherworldly craft, although it was a frightening event at the time.  This incident however, with the orange orb rising into a ship,  I KNOW was something strange, be it government or something else that I can't explain.  After submitting my phone report I took the advice of Mr Davenport and called the amateur astronomy club at my WVU, the university in my town.  The administrator listened to my account and said that he had not heard anything, but would contact me if he did.  I will be watching for further events like that, this time I will have a camcorder and compass handy. I would be extremely interested to hear if anyone else saw a similar event occur. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and she seemed to us to be quite rational and eloquent about her sighting.  When we explored the possibility that the two witnesses might have been observing a celestial body, she pointed out that the object of interest, at one point during their sighting, suddenly moved a large (angular) distance across the sky.  We suspect, therefore, that they were not observing a prominent star, since celestial bodies are not seen to move across the sky rapidly.  PD));39.6246234177214;-79.9446702531646
