While on approach passengers see amber color illuminating spheres in the sky near Safford Arizona;2012-11-29 20:30:00;5 minutes;While on approach passengers see amber color illuminating spheres in the sky near Safford Arizona I was on board American Airlines flight 1379 from Dallas to Tucson, looking out over the right wing of the plane.  The sky was clear, moonlit night.   While the aircraft was descending approximately 60 miles east of Tucson, approximately at or below 18,000 ft. I observed several light objects in the sky. (location approximately Mount Graham near Safford AZ).  I first noticed the brightly lit object when it was joined by a second object same size and color light, I first thought it was a plane turning in the sky and was very curious because of the proximity of the second object, then one of the lights turned off and then on again and that is when I knew this was strange.   Almost immediately a third, fourth, fifth and sixth light the light appeared in the sky, not all in a straight line but somewhat aligned horizontally. I would estimate within a mile separation of each other end to end.   I am a pilot and engineer, I have much experience identifying aircraft at night, this was absolutely not an aircraft light or flares dropped by military planes.  In fact, the amber color objects did not appear to move and were higher than our plane, I know this because they were well above the horizon (higher in the sky) I would estimate above 20,000 ft.  The objects were not moving, but turning on and off in short duration like someone flipped a switch.  I only saw all 6 lights on at the same time once, after that it was down to 2 or 3, then only 1 on and off (5 to 15 second duration)over a period of 3 or 4 minutes.  I was able to call attention to the person sitting next to me and that person also saw the last 1 illuminate and disappear in the sky over the wing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.8273;-109.6266
Orang/reddish round lights, like a ball of fire, in east sky, night w/little moonligh. Appeared and disappeared like a flip of a switch;2013-06-19 21:30:00;20-30 seconds;Orang/reddish round lights, like a ball of fire, in east sky, night w/little moonligh. Appeared and disappeared like a flip of a switch On June 19, 2013 I was driving due east on Artesia Road, a dirt road, to return home from a trip into town.  Artesia Road is about 12 to 13 miles due south from Safford, Graham, Arizona.  My daughter was with me and it was about 9:30 p.m  (2130) to 9:45 p.m. (2145). I always look around when I drive.  We have to watch out for coyotes, snakes, deer, etc. on the road.  There is one house on Artesia Road that has tall pine trees in front of the property.  In the county, where Artesia Road is and where we live, most people have what is called a safety light on telephone and or electrical poles since there is no other source of lighting to light their property. A light caught my eye and at first I thought it was a safety light coming on, although coming on late since it was very dark.  I saw the light through the pine trees.  I thought it was shorted out or something.  As I passed the pine trees and was able to see the sky without any obstructions, I noticed another light that appeared, like someone flipped a switch.  I said “I don't believe it”.  My daughter said “Not again” referring to the UFO light I saw last year.  I said “Yes, there are the same UFO lights I saw last year” (also in the exact same area and also in the east sky.  The one light I saw last year was south east.)  Both lights were orange/red, more on the red side.  They were side by side.  They appeared for only about 20 seconds.  I stopped the car to watch.  When they disappeared, once again, it was like a switch was flipped.  They appeared suddenly and disappeared suddenly.  No fading in or out, no traveling across the sky (like one would see on an airplane in the night sky), no blinking, no fading like a flare would.  The first light appeared and about 5 seconds later the second light appeared.  After about 20 seconds the first light to appear disappeared first and then about 3 seconds later the second light disappeared.  They appeared and disappeared in the blink of an eye, it was that fast.  They were quite large.;32.8273;-109.6266
Three to four large orb lights seen near Safford, AZ.;2015-11-18 18:00:00;1 minute;Three to Four large orb lights seen near Safford, AZ. I was driving East on I-10 with my husband in the passenger seat shortly after seeing the exit sign for Safford, AZ.  Orb lights caught my eye in the sky outside my driver-side window.   I saw 4 large orb shaped bright lights, and within a few seconds there were only three, and my first thought was it was a low flying plane that had turned and obscured one of the lights.   Within seconds the fourth light reappeared and at that point realized I was looking at something quite unusual.   I told my husband to look and he saw them for a brief second before they disappeared.  Seconds later they reappeared and we watched them for a few moments before it repeated the pattern of four lights to three and then all simultaneously shut off.   The orb lights seemed to move in unison, were very close but were not aligned.  They were moving very slowly.   My husband's description:  they were very bright, very large, but not so high that they could not have been mistaken for a star or planet.   He is a retired EE who worked for a top defense contractor.  One of his projects included development of computer-assisted maintenance of military aircraft and he had top secret security clearance.;32.8273;-109.6266
