July 1994 Safford, Ariz. 3A.M. Bright Sphere with Gas-like contents moving in circular motion Sphere itself motionless.;1994-07-15 03:00:00;20 Min.;July 1994 Safford, Ariz. 3A.M. Bright Sphere with Gas-like contents moving in circular motion  Sphere itself motionless. Couldn't sleep, awoke stepped ot on sundeck and saw a very bright light approx. 7 miles away.  First thought was a helicopter landing at Safford Airport but light didn't move after observing approx. 10 min.  Couldn't find binoculars, set-up my cousins small telescope. I observed a large bright round ball approx. 20 ft. in diameter. The inside of the ball was constant motion of gas-like substances(like electron activity around a nucleus) constantly moving around and around.  I woke up cousin and wife and they saw the same thing I observed.  For some reason after viewing this bright ball we all went to bed and next day we didn't even talk about it.  Later that evening we went out to dinner and noticed a similar bright light over the near-bye Graham Mountains.  Suddenly it raced across the sky in the direction of Phoenix, Ariz.approx. 180 miles away, within 2-3 seconds.  Could still see the brightness at that distance, although smaller in size.   My cousin, his wife and myself have never told any one about what we saw.  I really don't know why.  We are Professional, well educated individuals.   This sighting was real and not a hoax! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.8273;-109.6266
Antigravity flying sphere;1996-10-01 18:00:00;30 sec.;Antigravity flying sphere I was sitting and chatting with neighbor when I seen what I thought was a helicopter coming toward me on the horizon. I said to neighbor, here comes a helicopter. All I could see was just a round sphere. As I continued watching and waiting for sound I realized there was no sound, rotors or anything else just a perfectly round ball. It passed overhead at about 120 degrees angle from the horizon. There was no sound, no protrusions of any kind. No lights or any kind of visible means of propulsion or power. Had I not been looking at the horizon just when I did and seen it coming, I would never have known it passed overhead. I would estimate it's speed as 200/300 miles per hour at about 1000 feet altitude. It was about 50/60 feet in diameter, and air force blue grey in color. The only thing I could see by way of markings was what appeared to be welding beads like where sections of plating were welded together. I could see it's front, bottom,side and rear as it passed overhead. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));32.8273;-109.6266
A brightly glowing, luminous [craft] was chased by military jets from a location NE of Phoenix and E of Superstition Mountains.;2003-02-15 19:00:00;0:05;A brightly glowing, luminous [craft] was chased by military jets from a location NE of Phoenix and E of Superstition Mountains. It was around the end of Feb or early March, 2003 – about the time the invasion of Iraq took place. We were camping at a hot spring just on the outskirt of Safford, AZ. I think it was on BLM land, slightly north of town. In the evening, the sun had just set, as I recall, we were starting to drink our first beers and talk too much. One person said, “Look at that!” We all looked to the west, which was toward Phoenix. In that area, there is a military base on the east side of the Superstition Mountains, which are to the northeast of Phoenix. The alleged UFO hovered, maybe five-hundred feet above the valley floor. The thing was a bright, luminous, pulsating blob of gold, orange and white light that could have been ten times as big as a normal sized jet, but it didn’t move. It seemed to shimmer and glow, but it didn’t look entirely physical. All four of us looked at it for a while and then got distracted with inane jabbering. Then came four sonic booms right above our heads.  Two were almost simultaneous, then the other two came at about ½ second intervals.  The four F18s (or F16s ?) were low and out of sight in a blink. There was no UFO to be seen. I wish I had the presence of mind to watch the UFO for the whole time. I might have seen it blink out as the jets went overhead. On the other hand, the sonic booms would have caused me to blink and I would have missed the disappearance of the UFO anyway. I wish I had an exact date and time, but I don’t.;32.8273;-109.6266
