bright light slow moving then shot off at high rate of speed;2008-08-04 21:00:00;2.5 to 3 min.;bright light slow moving then shot off at high rate of speed On Monday Aug. 4. 2008, a dark quiet and still night I stepped  out my front door for a smoke.  There was no moon and all my neighbors had all there outside lights off.  Standing in the darkness for a few moments, I noticed a bright light on the horizon coming through the canopy of the trees. My first thought was a plane.  As a few moments passed my second thought was helicopter. There is a small airport as well as a hospital a few miles from here.  Still keeping an eye on this light as it traveled towards me through the foliage my suspicion rising every  passing second.  Still waiting to hear the sound of the engine  or the rotors  in a few more moments it will break the tree line into open sky. The instant it broke into open sky I knew. This is something  amazing. A extremely bright twinkling light traveling on a straight flight path making not a peep. Moving slow and steady like a satellite but super  low.  At that instant I turned  and opened my screen door reached  in onto the kitchen counter and grabbed my  video camera. Turning back through the door I turned the camera on and started shooting. The object was directly over head. Totally freaked out heart pounding hands shaking,  I tried to film this as best as I could.  It was still moving at the same speed same direction.  From directly over head across the neighborhood  to about 2 o’clock on the opposite horizon.   Then all of a sudden it dimmed slightly and shot off at a unbelievable rate of speed.  And that was it.  I was left standing in the darkness alone.;41.3721;-71.8478
Myself and my witness were on the deck around 23:00 hours.Out of the West we seen a bright light come accross the sky,then burn out.Sho;2018-06-30 22:00:00;2 minutes;Myself and my witness were on the deck around 23:00 hours.  Out of the West, we seen a bright light come accross the sky, then burn out.  Shortly after another came (got that one on cell video)then vanished.  We saw the same event last year around the same time of year.;41.3721;-71.8478
