White sphere seen observing aircraft laying chemtrails;2009-08-14 15:00:00;5 minutes;White sphere seen observing aircraft laying chemtrails I was standing outside smoking and I noticed there were several large aircraft which were leaving very long and profound smoke trails all over the sky in many different areas and directions of the sky. There were so many of these trails that it peeked my curiosity and I began watching the aircraft with a pair of 10x binoculars to the point they were very clearly seen as they were flying all over the sky. As I was scanning the sky and watching these smoke trails I began to look at a small area of natural clouds, directly overhead but out of the general area of flight of the aircraft, which was one of the very few places left uncovered by the smoke trails and it offered a glimpse of the clear blue sky. That is when I noticed a solid white object hovering in the sky right under the natural cloud cover. It was just stationary in the sky with no movement or sound,Just sitting there as if it was observing all these aircraft which were laying down smoke trails.! It was solid white just the was the same color as the cloud it was near like it was using it as a camouflage. I handed the binoculars to my wife and she was unable to find the object. I grabbed them back from her and I spotted the craft once again. I handed them to her to let her see and she was unable to spot it due to her vision and inability to focus the cheap binoculars. I took them from her again and looked at the craft and it disappeared into nothing. The aircraft made one or two more passes from horizon to horizon and then I didn't see them again. I believe the UFO was there observing the aircraft as they lay down the smoke trails or possibly the aircraft may have been hiding the presence of the UFO from the sight of the public by laying down smoke to obscure the sky.. Whatever the purpose was I know the two were connected to each other.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.0788;-85.0630000000001
