Looking west I saw a green shooting star, that, while falling, produced four jet engines, changed color to orange and shot straight u;1998-08-01 00:00:00;3 seconds maybe;Looking west I saw a green shooting star, that, while falling, produced four jet engines, changed color to orange and shot straight up and vanished I was at a party, NOT DRINKING, sitting on a deck with some friends.  I was the only one facing the ocean, and the sun had gone down.  We were talking away when suddenly I saw something following the downward trajectory of a shooting star, kind of an arc.  The strange thing was that it was green.  I remember it being in about the 10 o'clock position, if straight up were 12.  Maybe more like 9:20.  Anyways, before I had a chance to say anything, though that was my intention, the thing suddenly shot straight up very quickly and vanished like a firework. It just was gone.  The whole event was strange, but I was definately struck by the almost simultaneous shift from a downward arc to a  shooting straight up with what appeared to be 4 jets or flames shooting out from below.  Of course, the color change was unexplainable also.  By the time I had my hand in the air pointing to the spot it was gone and I had to explain the whole thing to my friends, who were chatting away.  One of them, sitting facing me, is an avid UFO guy, and felt resentful that HE was not the one to witness this event!  While I have listened to him in the past, and assume a general attitude of why not?, I kind of stay away from this subject for the most part.  I think it makes people paranoid.  I don't remember for certain in this happened in August, but it was last summer, and I remember it being a particularily windy evening.  I had never heard of these green lights before, but later my UFO friend recounted to me other stories of them.;42.0522;-70.1833
For several minutes the lights hovered over provincetown - everyone on commercial street stopped to look up at the light which moved up;2013-09-14 20:00:00;5 minutes;For several minutes the lights hovered over provincetown - everyone on commercial street stopped to look up at the light which moved upwards then sideways.  It was a blueish, brilliant light.  It kind of hung around the monument for a bit then disappeared.  I don't know what that was but I can tell you it was no plane as planes don't move in that manner.   I can't seem to find any reports on this.;42.0522;-70.1833
Big white light over Truro.;2014-06-07 00:30:00;5+ minutes;Big white light over Truro I took our dog down to the town beach at 12:30AM (approx.), and noticed a light to our south, over Truro/Wellfreet across the bay.  It was higher than any police tower or radio antennas.  The light seemed large compared to all other faint lights on shore.   I left the beach and went to my house and got my partner.  It was still there when er returned and hadn't moved from when I had seen it.   We noted the moon to our backs as we faced the light.  It was a clear evening.  We evnetualy left since it didn't seem to move. We know the coastline across the bay.  We've never seen a light that bright or big anywhere near that location before.;42.0522;-70.1833
