Witness large disk spin, move forward and disappear into thin air.;1973-06-22 10:00:00;10 Minutes;Witness large disk spin, move forward and disappear into thin air. I saw a disk shaped object hovering just above a large field off of Creamery Road in Hinsdale, Massachusetts when I was 17 years old.  It hovered, made a light humming sound, was about the size of half of a football field and had blinking colored lights all around it.   Suddenly, it began to spin very fast and move in a forward motion so fast that it disappeared.  I had never seen anything such as this and have never seen anything since.   I am now 54 years old. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));42.4288;-73.0719
Flying saucers over plunkett lake in Hinsdale Ma flashing red and green lights, also flashed white beam really birght.;2012-09-13 21:30:00;4 hours;flying saucers over plunkett lake in Hinsdale Ma flashing red and green lights, also flashed white beam really birght. I was at Plunkett lake in Hinsdale,Ma around 9:30 pm when a friend and I noticed in the sky a fast moving blinking green and red light. It was moving around in no particular motion that I noticed, its was moving in the same area back and forth-up and down in no order. Then we spotted two more of the same exact looking lights that were further apart. The first one was spotted in the north and then the second UFO we noticed was South West and then the third we saw was directly ahead above the lake facing in the East. They all moved very fast and had green and red lights and all seemed the same size and distance away, they were pretty far out. I tried to video it on my phone but it was too dark. My friend said he may have seen more like 6, but I know I saw 3 for sure. The one facing the East direction was directly in front of my car in the distance and we watched it and it shined this really bright light we described it as &quothigh beams&quot I have never se! en anything like it in my life, the light flashed a really strong and bright white light for about 5 - 10 seconds. He went back after I left and saw one land across the lake but to far in the woods for him to go and investigate.;42.4288;-73.0719
