Strange glowing lights hover and then streak across the night sky in Bellflower, MO;1993-12-24 21:00:00;5 minutes max;Strange glowing lights hover and then streak across the night sky in Bellflower, MO While walking from my grandparents' house to my parents' house (across the street) on what I believe was the evening of Dec. 24, 1993, I saw a strange light over our neighbors' house (approx. 100-200 yds distance between where I stood and their house).  What intrigued me about the light was that it changed color from blue to red to white and back again but not in any particular sequence or order.  Also it seemed to hover over the house.  I would estimate that the light was several thousand feet in the sky.  I located it as hovering over the house because the house itself was the nearest landmark that it appeared to linger above and because I could, of course, see nothing beyond the house because it impeded my view of everything else behind it.  But as far as the light goes, I would estimate that it far up in the night sky.  What was strange to me though, besides its changing colors, was its hypnotic quality which cause me to stand and watch it for quite some time.  As I did, it came closer to me (I know not how much it actually moved) and then retreated a few times.  It also seemed to zig zag from right to left and back again during this process.  I was afraid to leave it for fear that it might be gone when I got back, but I was ultimately able to pull myself away long enough to run in my parents' house and get my mother who promptly followed me outside.  I quickly pointed it out to her.  As soon as she spotted it, the light quickly flashed across the night sky from horizon to horizon in the matter of a split second much in the same way that a ship in science fiction movie would go to warp or light speed.  And that was the end of the encounter except for my mom calling the county sheriff to report strange lights in the night sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));38.9998;-91.359
