orange molten-metal, crescent-shaped object paralleling car for 15 - 20 minutes;1994-10-01 17:00:00;20 minutes;orange molten-metal, crescent-shaped object paralleling car for 15 - 20 minutes My daughter and I were heading home from work and school and we noticed a bright orange cresent-shaped object low in the sky, but above tree level.  We watched it as it paralled us for 15 - 20 minutes.  It resembled molten metal and seemed at times to drip fire.  It would dip down below the trees, but then it would reappear within seconds. I first thought it must be someone in a hanglider, and I looked hard for the tell-tale sign of someone underneath the orange object that was shaped somewhat like a sail. I thought the bright orange color must be a reflectiton of the sun, which was getting lower in the sky, but the object wasn't just the color of fire.  It looked like it was fire, only with a shape.  I had thought about stopping the car, but my daughter, not yet 10-years old, was afraid and urged me not to stop.  However, I did drive very slowly and couldn't stop myself from looking at the odd object.  After we crossed the river, the highway veered slightly to the right and went up a hill.  It was at this area that the object stopped paralleling us and appeared directly in front of us over the road.  I had been puzzled and amazed before, but now I was afraid.  I checked behind me and saw no one, so I stopped my car in the middle of the highway  Then something happened I will never forget.  The crescent shaped object turned in on itself and disappeared for a fraction of a second.  When it reappeared, the crescent was facing the opposite side.  It had been facing to the right, now it faced the left.  Then it moved from over the highway back to the left side of the highway.  It was now in front of us to the left.  I moved my foot from the brake, and started the car again.  The shape dipped down below the trees and then went back up.  Then it dipped down again and stayed down.  We looked behind us, but never say the object again.  We will never forget it.  It was so strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));31.1482;-90.1209
