Spinning metallic diamonds over Super Bowl;1980-01-21 14:30:00;2 minutes;Spinning metallic diamonds over Super Bowl The objects that I am referring to where actually broadcast live during the 1980 (?)NFL Super Bowl between the Los Angeles Rams and the Pittsburgh Steelers.  During the game, a cameraman focus and zoomed-in on a couple of spinning diamond shaped objects that were over the Los Angeles Coliseum.  The network broadcasters noticed it and started talking about how curious the objects where.  The objects appeared to be metallic in structure and were hovering a few hundred feet above the staduim.  As they turned, you could make out the obvious flash of metal when the sunlight hit the sides of it.  It appeared to spin on its corner points (as if a compass - north and south) and in a left to right spin.  The cameras stayed on this for about 2 minutes and then the cameras cut back to the game.  It has been almost 22 years since I've seen this, but I clearly remember the things I saw.  They were not the Goodyear blimp, or any type of news helicopter covering the game.  My older brothers and some cousins and I were watching the game.  I was 13 at the time.  I remember that there was a news blurb about it later, but never remember seeing or hearing anything about it after that.  Unfortunatly I don't have a copy of the came, you may want to find a copy of the broadcast of this game to view.  I don't remember what quarter or time of the game this happened, but I do know I saw it all on live T.V.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
Seeing this object so clearly and not able to describe it as I would like to convey what  we were seeing is difficult.;1988-06-15 21:00:00;20min;Seeing this object so clearly and not able to describe it as I would like to convey what  we were seeing is difficult. I was standing in my driveway and happened to look up.An object was stationary in the sky over some treetops. It was irregular shaped, Not smooth or like pictures I observed in the past. If it were, I could explain it better,but it was so different I have trouble describing it better. The object did not show any lights,although it was clearly visable.It seemed to create a visable illumination that did nor radiate away from itself.It did no glow,but the material composition made it clearly visable.It was not metallic.More like semi gloss smooth(not the shape) graphite.It seemed to be made in layers.Small flat sections wit larger sections above and then smaller sections above. about four levels I cant give you its size,or altitude.Perhaps 500 feet above the tree tops. It was large no noise and did not move.From its altitude(a guess and in realation to the size of the trees, I would guess it was 75 t0 100 ft. long.Iwent and got my wife son, and three neighbors to observe the phenomenom. we were astonished. It was in a residential district not well lit.The area was in a small area of L.A. near Glendale Ca. The object just seemed to dissapear all at once. not speed away. Just became gone. I called griffith park observitory but they had no inquiries. I just let it go. It was so strangely shaped with nolight radiating from it I t was hard explain. The reason I have not reported before is because I had no other proof of the sighting than us six people.I had been inL.A. for years,and was used to the goodyear blimps helicopters etc. This thing made no noise or movement and it vanished.The Shape and composition are unlike any Ihave heard about before.Any reports like mine? How could six people in los Angerles see the object so clearly and it dissapears without any hoop La from neighbors, or the media? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
black, odd-shaped object sighted in los angeles in broad daylight;2001-02-18 14:30:00;5 minutes;black, odd-shaped object sighted in los angeles in broad daylight at first i thought i was looking at a helium balloon. it was matte black/grey, maybe 200 feet or less, in the air. i was driving in my truck in griffith park, and therefore was looking across at the object, rather than up at it. it was a completely overcast day, with low clouds. while driving along the very curvy road, i kept lookng at the object (to my left) and what caught my attention, was that the balloon was not moving - it was hovering! and as i got closer to it, i could see it's very odd shape, an it's flat black or dark grey color. it had no lights, markings, or windows and i suddenly realized that i was definitely not looking at a balloon - for one thing, it was bigger than i first thought, and it was definitely not moving! when i got almost directly across from it  perhaps 100 yards to my left (lokin east) the object started to move very slowly to the north. i knew i was seeing something out of the ordinary, so i quickly turned around, and started driving back the way i came. i was struck that this was the middle of the day, and in the middle of griffith park!  how is it, that no one else was observing this! although there admittedly were very few cars on this particular stretch of road - but i was getting rather excited, and started racing on the road, because the object was heading directly to the part of the road where i first saw it - and i thought i could intercept it. as i was driving, there were a few cars parked on the side of the road, and i distinctly remember noticing one guy looking out hie window in the direction of the object - now to my right, and behind me - and i remember thinking to my self good, he sees it too! when i reached almost to the point where i first saw the object, i jumped out of my truck, to get a better look, the object - it suddenly sped up - it was not longer floating or drifting - but definitely moving in a specific direction - i have no sense of speed - perhaps 30-40 mph - and then it suddenly accelerated - and just took off. there was no sound at all.  i jumped in my truck, and raced farther along the road - for maybe 30 seconds or so, and got to  point where i could see the object again - across some hills - at least 1/2 mile away (just a guess) it seemed to be hovering again - but i was struck by how it could reach that distance so quickly! and then it just flew off to the north at a rapid speed! i couldn't believe what i had just witnessed, i mean i questioned what did i just see!?!? but i knew i saw something i couldn' get it out of my mind - i don't think i slept at all that night! i did tell a few friends and family members.  all i know, is that i definitely saw an unidentified flying object!  whether it was extraterrstial, or some kind of military craft, i obviousy have no idea. it was an exhilirating, yet frustrating experience - i was so very aware that this was happening in broad daylight, in los angeles, which made the whole thing so surreal! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
The object bounced up and down did a semi-circle and shot up in the sky disappeared;2003-08-15 02:45:00;45 seconds;The object bounced up and down did a semi-circle and shot up in the sky disappeared Late night i was watching music videos.The blinds in my room were wide open, I could see the big brightest moon ever.I got out of bed and stared at the moon, upon glaring at the moon I saw a diamond-teardrop bright object on the bottom right. the Object seem to have seen me, because at that moment when I stared at the object, the object began to jump up and down at a great speed.After that it made a semicircle, and left a trail of light.I lost sight of the object,then immedately I saw it high in the sky it stopped for a couple of seconds, then the object shot straight into the sky and disappeared.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
Me and mother in law were sitting in front of her talking  about lights in sky as we were looking a greenish lime color diamond shape o;2019-08-01 00:03:00;Sheriff station on imper;Me and mother in law were sitting in front of her talking about lights in sky as we were looking a greenish lime color diamond shape object appeared in sky flew  fast and the disappear gone  never seen nothing like this befor;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
