A dark rectangular object appears over my car out on the road and telepathically tells me not to panic, that I knew it was there.;1976-08-20 01:00:00;3 minutes;A dark rectangular object appears over my car out on the road and telepathically tells me not to panic, that I knew it was there. OVERHEAD UFO ON INTERSTATE 10  This incident is the reason for my interest in UFOs...why I’m          a member of MUFON.  The year was the summer of ’76, August. I was driving back from a visit to San Antonio, Texas, and had just seen a sign saying “L.A. 90 miles” at around 1 a.m.  I knew I was pretty tired, and this meant nearly 2 hours yet to go.  I was leaning back in the driver’s seat, feeling fatigue. Suddenly, surprising even myself, I took a deep breath and threw myself forward, now leaning over the steering wheel, now my head way under the windshield.  I glanced up...and there, overhead, maybe 15, 20 feet above the car, just beginning to fall behind, was a dark rectangular (I assumed, since the rear was out of sight, so it might’ve been square) object, keeping pace with the car.  I felt a wave of fear striving to strike me... I startle easily...  And then the following 3 sentences were planted in my head telepathically... as clearly as if I were hearing them,  but I knew my brain, not my ears, was picking them up...  “Don’t panic.”  “You’re in no danger.”  Before I could feel relief upon “hearing” those two sentences then came...  “You knew it was there anyway.”  And I was seized by a terrific jolt of fear!  I quickly pulled to the side of the road, shaking, fully expecting some kind of attack. I thought I might be incinerated...lifted up by a tractor beam, then dropped...something life-threatening.  But nothing happened. And now I wanted to get out and see if I could still detect the object. But I didn’t want to do that without a possible attack being seen by another driver. Not that I felt anyone could help me, but at least if someone witnessed my demise, he or she could make a report to the police and my family would know what had become of me.  Just as I was lamenting that no one was there to be my witness, over the top of the hill ahead came 3 sets of headlights.  Now I had witnesses, and as they approached, I stepped out of the car, hesitantly and fearfully turned around to view...nothing unusual in the sky. The object was gone.  Ever since then, I’ve been left to wonder...what does “You knew it was there anyway” mean? Is it evidence that I’ve been traced, tracked, followed my whole life and know it on a subconscious level?  Does this explain why from the age of about 4 to 7 years old I kept having a recurring dream and telling my parents in the morning that “I woke up again ‘cause I knew this big eye was looking at me real hard on the other side of the black, so I never can see it...but I know it’s there”? Of course asked in children’s language.  Does it explain an orb the size of a tennis ball coming down the hallway at my grandparents’ home at about 11:30 one summer night, slowly circling through the room, then crossing through it to stop over my head as I observed through the weave of the sheet that I’d pulled over my head out of fear...that then grew whiter and brighter and brighter till I “whited out”... and then woke up at what seemed to be instants later, even though it was about 9 a.m.? I was about 12 for that occurrence.  And did it have anything to do with several significant precognitive dreams I’ve experienced through my life and other paranormal happenings, such as dreaming my cat had been shot while I was traveling in Europe and coming back home to find she had been, though not killed as in the dream?  “You knew it was there anyway.”  It’s set me on a lifelong search.  Oh, by the way, after this incident, the following spring “Close Encounters of the Third Kind” came out. I about flipped out in the scene where Richard Dreyfus experiences loose objects flying around in the cab of his car, looks carefully and shakily out the windshield, and sees down the road a dark rectangular UFO meandering ahead of him... almost precisely my own experience.  It was almost déjà vu!  And of course convinced me I’d had a significant, maybe life-altering experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
Large, rectangular, pale green-blue object spotted at approx. 2:37 am, 10/11/04, moving east over the San Fernando Valley.;2004-10-11 02:37:00;15-20 secs;Large, rectangular, pale green-blue object spotted at approx. 2:37 am, 10/11/04, moving east over the San Fernando Valley. I was taking out the garbage very late last night. I glanced up and saw a fairly dim shape, like the wings of an old-style plane, rectangular and wide, moving overhead, but without a nose or a tail. The size was approximate to that of a plane flying over head, the hieght it would be when approaching a nearby airport, but it seemed MUCH higher than that. I couldn't hear an engine of any type, and it was moving FAST, over head and gone in the distance in under 15-20 seconds, disappearing into the haze on the horizon.  It was moving east/south-east. I am in Woodland hills, and it was almost directly overhead, a bit to the north, and passed the length of the San Fernando Valley, then out over what I assume would be East L.A., maybe Glendale and then over San Bernardino. The color was a pale greenish-blue, but NOT glowing - a faint color.  The thing that set me off was that there were no running lights of any kind, no identifying shape.  I always look up at the sky when I go out at night, to look at the stars, the moon, and when I saw this, I kept waiting for it to become recognizable, something I could explain. I still can't explain this. My gut reaction is that it was some very large orbital object, perhaps the international space station, but it seemed far to large for that. Please note that my sighting time is estimated at 2:37 am. It took me several minutes to look at a clock. The time could hve been anywhere from 2:35 to 2:40.  I can be contacted if someone thinks this warrants more investigation.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
hovering rectangle over santa monica;2006-12-04 03:00:00;15 minutes;hovering rectangle over santa monica I was laying in my backyard at night and saw this very unusual shaped craft. it was rectangularly shaped with orange flashing lights at each corner. it moved very slowly across the sky, much slower than an airplane even at a high distance. the corner lights were extrordinarily bright, brighter than any star visible in the night sky. i watched it traverse the sky for 15 minutes and then it vanished behind some clouds, not to reemerge.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
Floating large rectangle near Highland Park/Pasadena CA;2007-12-31 16:00:00;about 1 minute;Floating large rectangle near Highland Park/Pasadena CA I was in my car traveling North on Figueroa St. in Highland Park, Los Angeles. I will have to return to see what the cross street was, but I had passed 60th St. It was about 4PM, perhaps a little after. Looking through my windshield, on the right side of the street, I could see the neighborhood buildings and beyond them, the hills South of Pasadena dotted with houses, across the LA River, not very far away at all.  In between, I spotted a rectangular object in the air. It was a flat gray. I could tell that it was slowly moving southward, perhaps above the river, which winds with the 110 freeway but more likely, above the hills.  I’ll state right now that I know it wasn’t a billboard, although it was positioned in a manner a billboard would be (long side down) and was at least the size of a billboard. The difference being this object was floating and moving through mid air.  I’ll also state that it wasn’t a blimp and I had already seen the Goodyear blimp earlier in the day, around the Pasadena area, since tomorrow is the Rose Bowl Parade. That was my first thought, that this was a promo for the Bowl and a plane was towing it, even though a plane at that low an altitude in that area would be a freak flight plan.  My “mission” then became to see this thing and the plane that might be towing it together, but I’d have to see it in enough open space as I was getting my view blocked by buildings and trees as I drove. The next chance revealed the rectangle still moving with no plane to be seen anywhere. Now I thought it might be a balloon and I tried to get a good look at it, replacing my sunglasses with my glasses.  There seemed to be a texture to it like a chain-link fence pattern. Also there seemed to be 3 segments to it with 2 vertical lines from top to bottom. So it looked like left side, middle, right side, all about equal width. There may have been a circular shape in the middle one. No sound from it that I could hear. No lights or glows.  It still continued to move behind things that blocked my view so I tried again to get a better view and was frustrated by slow moving traffic. I’ll state it was moving unlike a loose balloon might. It was heading in an edge-first, sideways manner, as if the bottom edge was on a track. I could also tell by the edge it was not very “thick”, that is I wasn’t looking at one end of a house-like frame. It was much more flattened like a billboard.  It occurred to me to get to a spot where I could try to photograph it with my cell phone. I took out my phone and prepared it, still trying to keep the shape in sight. I approached an intersection and saw it again. This time it seemed to be picking up speed as if going around a curve and I stuck my arm out the window of my car and tried to snap a picture above the roof of my car.  At the intersection I realized I could go down the street toward the freeway and at that point, my view would be unblocked. I made the turn and raced down passed the cross streets, hopefully on an intercept course, as that was the very direction it was headed. It took anywhere from 15 to 30 seconds to get there without seeing the rectangle (blocked by neighborhood houses).  When I reached the end of the street with its open view of everywhere around, hoping to see a larger version of the rectangle or maybe even some explanation, it was totally gone from view. I looked in every direction. Nothing but everything as it usually is in broad daylight.  Possibly, I thought, it could have turned and descended on the other side of the hill ridge (it seemed to be low enough). Or, if it had simply dropped straight down, the trees would immediately block it from sight.  I stopped my car and then inched it along each block. Finally, I gave up and looked at the camera photo. The shot doesn’t show it as it may have been pointed away slightly and I tried a vertical shot (done again I’d have held it sideways or even chosen video capture and turned it to get the best coverage). The shot is oddly over exposed but it may have been the time of day.  I also immediately turned down the way I had come up Figueroa and retraced the road from the last 5 minutes, looking for any billboards I could have mistaken for it, etc. I saw nothing like it.  If I hear of any explanation of it, fine. I just would like to know what it was. I won’t believe it if someone says it was pulled by something…there wasn’t anything in front or above. Also, anything loose that size near a highway and homes is hazardous.  I'll try to send along some illustrations.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
1-28-08 5 Large burning pieces entering atmosphere over Los Angeles;2008-01-26 18:15:00;5 minutes;1-28-08:  5 Large burning pieces entering atmosphere over Los Angeles Did not appear to be and alien ship. 1-28-08 in the evening sky almost dark at 6:00 to 6:15 PM Los Angeles  5 huge pieces entering the atmosphere west southwest of Los Angeles, possibly over the pacific ocean but look close enough to be on land viewed from an area close to Disneyland looking west and slightly south. 5 Large pieces of something entering the atmosphere one at a time with a small arrowhead fire trail then taking full shape to appear to be 500 ft or more in length and rectangular falling but looking as if flying for the first few seconds then really bright almost white then falling and appearing to be flopping around in the air and at this point the fire was less bright and leaving an orange fiery trail but the objects still burned relatively bright. One of the pieces was flaming and going to the ground and looked so close you were almost expecting to see some sort of impact secondary explosion of some sort.  The rest of the pieces almost seemed to disappear before going below the telephone lines and houses across the street and out of view. My son spotted this on 1-28-08 in the evening sky almost dark at 6:00 to 6:15 PM.  He ran inside telling me to look at these huge strange lights in the sky so I slipped my shoes on and immediately went out to see it and called my wife out to see it and we were all stunned.  The event lasted for approximately 4 or 5 minutes. We immediately turned on the news and flipped through the local channels looking for something but nothing on the news.  We turned on the news radio expecting to hear something but there was nothing.  I called 911 and reported it to the local police who said they had 1 call preceding mine and that 2 of their officers were on the radio reporting having seen the same thing.  We wanted to make sure it was not the Shuttle but looked up on line and it appears the shuttle is still on earth. We searched all local and other news on the web and found nothing.  Continued to watch our news and nothing but reports of the dead spy satellite that was due to crash into earth in the next month.  That story broke exactly 2 hours before we saw this.  The next day nothing in the news or the papers nothing on the web.  This seems odd to me. I am guessing it was a satellite breaking up and maybe these were large solar panels but they must have been huge.  I am not sure if anyone reading this can estimate size and distance but they appeared to be about an inch or so long in a photograph when entering the atmosphere above telephone lines across the street from my house so looking up about 50 feet in the south west sky.   I estimate they must have been much larger than a jumbo jet. They were so large all I could think of was the international space station having some problem.  Please if there is any news about this please let me know. Thank you.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
White rectangular rolling object that seemed to billow or create clouds as it flew by. Clouds did not dissipate.;2013-10-26 02:00:00;15 second;White rectangular rolling object that seemed to billow or create clouds as it flew by.  Clouds did not dissipate. Recently I purchased an Orion telescope and have been using it to observe the moon.  Early Saturday morning I was about to pack up the scope after enjoying very clear skies over L.A., when I noticed that a thick carpet of clouds had suddenly appeared from nowhere and was engulfing the sky.  The light from the moon highlighted some of the clouds as they sailed past it.  Through the telescope I observed what looked like a large rectangular white shelf moving up and down, in and out of a thick cloud.  It appeared to be billowing clouds out of itself. Creating them.  I watched it for roughly 10-15 seconds before it left the scopes field of vision and I could not locate it again, mainly because I have limited sky vision due to surrounding trees. I have observed many bizarre, creepy clouds over the past few years but have never witnessed anything mechanical in behavior until Saturday.  Jh;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
Stadium-sized, huge, gray rectangle slowly gliding across the sky.;2017-09-04 09:20:00;5 minutes;Stadium-sized, huge, gray rectangle slowly gliding across the sky. Huge, gray rectangle larger than a blimp with a long apparatus coming out from the length of it.  Traveling slowly over Downtown LA to the West.  No lights, but it looked like it was two squares put together to make the rectangle.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
rectangle shaped object with  white lights around every side - It was high up in the sky, stationery & then moving slowly.;2020-08-15 22:30:00;ongoing;rectangle shaped object with  white lights around every side - It was high up in the sky, stationery & then moving slowly.;34.0448377217699;-118.305638872405
