In '78 Yellow Orb moved silently along with my car/50 mph, moved to the front of my car, then zoomed into the stars and became a star.;1978-07-20 00:00:00;30 seconds;In '78 Yellow Orb moved silently along with my car/50 mph, moved to the front of my car, then zoomed into the stars and became a star. I was in summer school at Tuskegee Institute in Tuskegee, Alabama, around July of 1978. My girlfriend and future wife worked at the Tuskegee Holiday Inn, just off of I-85.  I was on my way to pick her up for work.  Her shift at the front desk ended at 11:00PM. It was about 10:55pm, when I was about two miles from the hotel, on the same road that it sits. As I was driving, in pitch black then, with no street lights, I picked up in my peripheral vision, a bright light to my left.  When I turned to see where the light source was coming from, I saw a “Yellow Circular  Orb.  It was silent and matched my ground speed at around 50 mph. It was at about the level that the height of a light post would be, but again, there were none then. I have been down that road since then and there are light post now.  It moved silently alone with me for about 5 to 10 seconds, quickly moved to the front of my car, and in a flash, took a serpentine path towards the stars and seemed to because a star, as I watched it through my front windshield. My girl and I were in the middle of being mad, for some reason, at each other. When that happened, I don’t say much to her. But when I picked her up that night, and got about to the spot where the encounter occurred I spoke. As I started to speak, I could see the shock on her face, as she knew that I didn’t speak to her when we fussed,  She was silent hearing my story out. ANd from that point on, she always said that she believed me, because it was well out of the norm for me to have spoken to her under the circumstances. I was prompted to report this encounter all these years later, because of the obvious doubt that surround people who have seen this vehicles. There was also no where to report it then. I also have seen Yellow Orbs on more than one of the UFO shows, that look just like the vehicle that I witnessed that night. NOTE: Subsequent to this encounter, I got 10 hours flight training as a Cessna 152 student pilot and am a former flight attendant with two different airlines. I’ve been in the air for many hours during  work & playing, but I have yet to see the Yellow Orb that I saw that night on a dark road,  in Tuskegee Alabama.  Please feel free to contact me via e-mail.;32.4281;-85.6778
