Hazy blue then bright white darting light;2009-08-09 22:30:00;15 minutes;Hazy blue then bright white darting light Between 22:20 and 22:40 Sunday August 9th I and my partner witnessed a strange light in the western sky in the vicinity of the Big Dipper.  Initially it appeared as a blue hazy star, and simultaneously we both commented that it was oddly blue and had never seen it in that part of the sky.  In comparison to the other stars and the Big Dipper constellation it appeared to be very high and a star rather than an airplane.  We live in the vicinity of Dulles International Airport and regularly see the headlights and beacon lights of approaching and departing planes following regular paths and intervals.  This light however was distinctly higher.  For the first few minutes of our observation we thought it could be the headlight of an oncoming airplane as often airplane lights appear bright and stable when they are approaching head-on before turning the steady blue haze created by the humidity.  However, no other airplanes approaching from the west or departing from! the east had this glow.  After approximately 5 minutes of observation, the light became brighter and white, with an aura of blue circling it then red.  The bright white light would disappear, as if an airplane turning course away from you, but then would suddenly reappear, with a broad swatch of bright white light from left to right as if an airplane with lights across the breadth of its wingspan.  While this light pattern was changing back and forth from bright white to blue/red haze, the position of the vision also dramatically changed.  It appeared to get closer rather quickly, and also much lower in altitude, while moving right and left.  Using the approaching and departing airplanes lined up as a reference, the light moved faster to the right and then to the left than any of the airplanes in their flight pattern.  Also the light descended and ascended quickly, faster than any helicopter I have ever seen.  Its movement from right to left, up and down came in abrupt sta! rts and stops, seemingly without building momentum or slowing ! of momen tum.  The right and left and up and down movements gradually lead it closer to the ground or horizon, still the size appearance of the light making it look quite off in the distance and not a small craft up close.  As it approached the horizon it seemed to descend very fast.  If it was travelling away from us it was at sudden great speed, if it was descending for a landing, it was straight down and at a descent much greater than any vertical landing craft I have ever witnessed.  After approximately 20 minutes of viewing it was not longer in sight.  We spend an additional 10 minutes viewing the area of the sky and horizon but it did not reappear.;39.2825;-77.8521999999999
