03.27/08, 20:50, Joseph, OR, Observed bright light  traveling in the sky for several minutes before disappearing..;2008-03-27 20:50:00;several minutes;03.27/08, 20:50, Joseph, OR, Observed bright light  traveling in the sky for several minutes before disappearing.. I live at a rural location about 7 miles outside of Joseph, Oregon at the foot of the Wallowa Mountains and at an elevation of about 4800 feet.  It was one of those beautiful starlit nights that can only be experienced in the mountains.  The moon had not yet risen and the sky was magnificantly clear.  I stood looking up at the stars and could see Orion and the Pleiades in the western sky.  I then noticed a very bright white light traveling from west to east directly toward me.  As there were no blinking wing lights I assumed it to be a satellite.  As it came toward me I thought that it was traveling at an uncommonly fast speed for a satellite and seemed to be at a much lower evelation than you would expect a satellite to be.  I then heard the distant sound of a jet and noticed a plane traveling in a NW to SE direction above the western horizon over the mountains.  I looked back up at the light which was almost directly above me and then noticed another plane on the eastern horizon traveling in a NNW direction above the eastern horizon.  Both planes seemed to be at a greater altitude than the light. The bright light came to a stop almost directly above me, made a 90 degree turn to the north and then very rapidly gained altitude, growing smaller and smaller in my vision until it dispeared altogether all in just a few seconds.  I cannot say what this object was.  I can only say that it wasn't a satellite, it wasn't an airplane and it behaved in a manner that I never would have believed physically possible.  In defense of myself,I do not drink and I was not under the influence of any substance that might have influenced my perceptions.  In short I was in total awareness of my surroundings.;45.3479;-117.2074
Reverse shooting star turns to red ball of light and disappears.;2015-10-29 21:00:00;5 seconds;Reverse shooting star turns to red ball of light and disappears Walking outside last night to look at the moon to the east to see how full it was I turned around to look West and saw what looked like a reverse shooting star.  A bright strip of light going vertical up towards a cloud in the evening sky.   When it reached the cloud it made a bright red flash and was gone....I stood there observing the sky waiting to see where it went and I never saw the light again, even when the cloud past the spot where the light disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.3479;-117.2074
A string of seventeen large, constant, red light seen in the sky at ~1730 on December 9, 2017;2017-12-09 17:30:00;~15 minutes;A string of seventeen large, constant, red light seen in the sky at ~1730 on December 9, 2017 Approximately 1730 (after dark) on December 9, 2017, my partner and I were returning from a work site on the Imnaha River, when he said look at that.   When I asked him what saw, he said that he was seeing lights in the sky. We stopped our truck and got out to look.  Almost directly over us there were seventeen red lights moving from approximately SSW to NNE at a speed that I would estimate to be that characteristic of a very large jet (relatively slowly).  The lights were very large (when compared to the strobe lights generally seen on aircraft) and did not cast a beam or blink.   There was no other source of light visible around the red lights--no strobes like normal aircraft navigational lights etc..   There was only a slight noise as they passed--nothing like what I would have expected if these were seventeen large jet aircraft passing overhead.  The lights were evenly spaced (it isn't possible to accurate estimate the distance between them) and traveled in a very straight line from the time we saw them until they faded into the distance. I'd like to emphasize that these lights appeared to be very large.  Due to the lack of noise, I am assume the objects were at altitude and their large appearance was not due to the fact that they were at a low altitude. In the Characteristics of Object section, there is an option to indicate whether there were aircraft in the vicinity.  When the string of lights was quite a distance beyond us, an aircraft (assumed to be an aircraft based on strobe lights flashing) crossed the path of the red lights and continued on until it went out of sight.  The strobe lights never deviated from its apparent line of flight.;45.3479;-117.2074
