Nightime visitation in Connecticut-1973 this was a probable abduction.;1975-07-10 01:00:00;30-60 min;Nightime visitation in Connecticut-1973 this was a probable abduction. When I was seven years old I had a terrifying experience that I kept to myself for weeks and was unable to sleep at night and refused to go my bedroom at night.  My parents had to let me fall asleep in the den with them and they would then carry me up to my room.  Upon finally talking to them about what was worrying me their reaction was almost as scary as the original event.  When I spoke of this with them they turned ghostly pale and seemed very stressed- although my mother did manage to muster out that it must have been just a dream.  	One night in the summer of'73, I woke to find two small grey beings standing in my bedroom looking at me. (This was before any mention of, or description of, alien abductions had been put on T.V. or in the movies-to my knowledge at that time, anyway.)  The beings could not have been much taller than 4 feet, they had very large almond shaped black eyes, they were slender and their mouths were just slits.  One of the beings walked towards me and spoke to me telepathically. I could not move and I was clearly very fearful. I asked him if he was a Martian and he said, no, but you are right that we are from another planet.  I don’t remember much that happened after that, but I do remember looking towards the hallway (my door was open and the hall light was on), and I saw my father being carried out by several of the small beings out of the hall and down into the stairwell.  The only other memory of this event- which is slightly detached-is that I remember a different being, slightly larger but with the same large eyes, hovering over me, telling me that they wont hurt me and then forcing me to drink some white liquid that had the appearance of milk but had a horrible chemical taste. 	During my subsequent years I think I chose to forget this traumatic experience. But one day when I was in my late teens I was walking past a bookstore and saw a display of Whitley Streiber’s book Communion.  When I saw that  face on the cover of the book I went into a cold sweat and had a panic attack.  It took several months to get up the courage to purchase that book and read it. These memories then came back to me.  I have not pursued hypnotherapy to reveal any further truths, simply because I really don’t think I want to know-not yet anyway.  I swear to you that this really did happen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.783;-72.5268151515151
Bright light hovering suddenly disappeared.;2008-11-02 05:55:00;6 minutes;Bright light hovering suddenly disappeared. We saw one light that was changing color from red to white to blue repeatedly.   Appeared to remain at the same elevation hovering over an area.   At first we thought it was an airplane but after 6 minutes it made very little progress moving forward in our direction.  The light did get closer to us because it did grow in size and then suddenly as if someone turned off a switch, it disappeared.  There was not a cloud in the sky and there were no abstructions.   Background of the observers: A married couple, 27 and 28 years old, 2 children, educated.;41.783;-72.5268151515151
