The object was surrounded by bright green lights forming a triangle.;2004-03-09 21:30:00;20 minutes;The object was surrounded by bright green lights forming a triangle. I came home about 9:30pm Tuesday March 9th of 2004.  (7miles East of Chanute) I noticed what appeared to be a large bright light low to the west horizon. (Much brighter than any others stars) It appeared to have two lights on top of each other.  The night was perfectly clear and completely silent.  I stood and watched the light for about 6 minutes trying to figure out why it seemed to be flickering.  I then called my daughter and her boyfriend (they were still in town) to ask if they could see anything from where they were at.  They could not see anything though.  I then continued to watch for another 2 or 3 minutes when I started to notice a triangle surrounding the lights.  These lines that formed the triangle were green and like what appeared to be on a car dash display. (Color/shade of green) I hurried up and called my daughter back and told her and her boyfriend to get out here before it was gone.    I continued to watch and noticed that the formation was definitely coming towards my house. The triangle was getting larger in size therefore I knew it was coming closer.  5 or 6 more minutes passed and I called my daughter again to see how far away they were.  They were on the main highway near my house only ½ mile away from me but could not see anything.  (That’s how low this thing was flying) I ran out to the gravel road north of my house as I noticed it moving slightly northwards.  It seemed to be hovering at what appeared to be about 80' or 90' above the tree tops and only 1/4 or ½ mile away from me to the west.  I determined my distance using the strobe like flash the object was emitting on the trees.  About every 5 or 10 seconds there would be a flash of white light shining downward.  On a few occasions the light was red.  The light would be bright enough I could see the hedge rows below it.  I then used the hedge rows to calculate my distance from the object. Having to guess the actual size the object, I would say that using the three green lines that formed the triangle, the object was equivalent to 2 (two) full moons width.  This was calculated when the UFO was at its closest point to me.  I heard my daughter coming down the road so I phoned her to tell her to turn off her lights but her car does not allow lights to turn off while car is running.  When they pulled up I quickly jumped in the car so we could drive closer.  As we started to drive about 65mph on the gravel, it quickly started moving back towards the west. (The way it originally came from) We drove back to Chanute and on through town continuing 11 miles on west of town.  All the while we were traveling at a high rate of speed.  The object disappeared into the horizon at a low altitude. There were three of us that saw this happen yet none of us could even begin to explain what exactly it looked like.  I did report this to the Sheriffs Department but they had not heard anything about it.  The object made no sound whatsoever. (The night was perfectly still and noiseless) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witnesses via telephone, and they seemed to us to be exceptionally seriou-minded and credible.  The object was seen two nights sequentially.  PD));37.6747;-95.4552000000001
