Balls of firelike composition coming in and out, movied together in formation at bizarre speed, stopped on a dime, disappeared.;2011-08-28 21:00:00;3-5 minutes;balls of firelike composition coming in and out, movied together in formation at bizarre speed, stopped on a dime, disappeared. I also saw this in Perkasie last year on this date. It can be confirmed by the fact that I made a facebook posting about it immediately afterwards asking if anyone else had just seen the sky. I just happened to go to this website today, (almost a year later) to see if maybe anyone had reported something. I typed in &quotPerkasie 2011&quot and I saw a post and the date. I did not remember the date so I went back and checked my facebook postings. I posted my comment on August 26th 2011. Same date. I never thought about ufo's prior to this incident- so it did not occur to me to contact anyone. However, it has been bothering me ever since. I was sitting in my living room and I saw something at the corner of my eye which my first reaction to was, &quotfire&quot. There is a small airport near here so my first thought was that perhaps a plane was on fire nearby. I said to my husband, &quotwhat is that?&quot He went to the window, stood there for what seemed! like a long time and then said &quot I have no idea what that is.&quot This really scared me, and I went on my front lawn and looked up. There were multiple lights spaced varying distances from each other that would appear and disappear. I first thought they were independent of each other against the sky, but to my total astonishment they suddenly all moved together at a bizarre speed to the right. When this happened it was evident the lights were all within the same object -that only became visible because it moved so suddenly to the right. It then just seemed to disappear, perhaps backwards at an impossible speed?? Whatever this object was would have had to been gigantic - I had chills and was completely frightened. Flood/search lights came on at the airport- or from somewhere, for about 10 minutes following this... if anyone can explain this, I would really appreciate it- because it makes no sense to me. Thanks!;40.3800000000001;-75.2718
Viewed a triangular craft with only 2 steady white lights and 2 flashing red lights which flew low, slow and almost silent.;2014-03-13 20:55:00;5-10 minutes;Viewed a triangular craft with only 2 steady white lights and 2 flashing red lights which flew low, slow and almost silent. We were driving home on back country roads.  Saw a large craft flying very low and very slow.   We drove towards the craft and stopped in the road when it passed directly over us.  I got out of the car and observed a large triangular craft with steady white lights on the bottom of the wings and a two flashing red lights one on the front of the triangle and one in the middle of the back of the triangle.  There was no green or red running lights.   The craft could not have been more than 1000 feet above us.  I heard nothing of it until it had passed over us.   At that point, it made what I would call a light wushing sound.  It sounded more like the wush from a draft.  I could not hear engines.   It did not have the jagged back edge of a stealth bomber.  It seemed to me that I could have driven my car at the speed at which it was moving.   In order not to startle our daughter, we told her it was a plane and drove home.   I regret not investigating further.;40.3800000000001;-75.2718
