Disk Shaped Craft Hovering over Farm;1975-07-15 18:30:00;1-2 Minutes;Disk Shaped Craft Hovering over Farm ((name deleted/male)) sighting occurred during the summer of 1975 within a few miles of his home in Ramsey, MN (25 miles Northwest of Minneapolis.) He was 13 years old at the time and was on his way to the ((deleted)) Church with his two sisters around 6:30PM. As his oldest sister was driving North on Anoka County Road 5 they all noticed cars pulled over to the shoulder on each side of the road near the 167th Avenue NW intersection. Fearing an accident had occurred she slowed the vehicle down as they neared the intersection. However, to their surprise, no cars seemed to be damaged and the occupants of the parked vehicles were standing outside gazing up into the Western sky.  Just about the time they passed the crossing, ((witness)) looked out his passenger window and saw what appeared to be a large disk shaped craft which he estimated to be around the size of 2 Rambler homes (250-300' in diameter.) It appeared to be about a half mile away near a farm and estimated about 160' in the air. He became very afraid and began screaming at his sister to turn around, get out of there and head back home. His sister obliged when they also saw the craft and turned around the vehicle. To his dismay however, they stopped the vehicle and got out to get a better look along with the 5-10 other vehicles now lining the shoulder. As they watched, the craft hovered for what seemed like 1-2 minutes and made no sound. Suddenly in an instant it moved about 2 miles South and stopped for a few more seconds before disappearing out of sight toward the Anoka area.  After the object departed, ((name delted)) again begged his sisters to get back into the car and go home. They did and upon entering their house, told their parents the story. After calming ((witness))  down and discussing the object, the eldest sister called the Ramsey Police Department to see if any one had reported the sighting. The dispatcher confirmed that other callers had also reported seeing the unusual craft in the same area during the same time frame. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.2815;-93.4195
