Four UFO'S spotted in Wartrace, TN for several hours!  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible twinkling stars, we suspect.  PD));2004-09-29 21:00:00;7 hours;Four UFO'S spotted in Wartrace, TN for several hours! On Wednesday evening, September 29, 2004 at approx. 900PM, me, my daughter and my best friend observed a triangular shaped object.  It first had red and white blinking lights, then about an hour later, it had red, blue and white flashing lights.  It had three white lights under it with what appeared to be a red circular, glowing light under it.  Approx an hour later, we observed another red and white object, which appeared to be circular in shape.  Approx an hour after the second appeared, we saw another that appeared to be circular in shape and also had red and white flashing lights on it.  My daughter noticed that the three were in a triangular formation  shape...one on the right, one on the left, and one in the middle.  About 30 mins.after we saw the third one, a fourth one appeared.  This one also appeared to be circular in shape with red and white flashing lights on it also.  The first one was the largest of the four.  We sat and watched all four of them.  At times they would move to the left, right, up, down and even in circles.  We never heard a sound of any type.  They never moved fast.  The first and largest one disappeared first, just vanished.  The second one went slowly straight up and as it did, it's red and white lights turned into a golden color.  It went up and as it did, it got smaller until it actually ended up looking like a star and then just vanished.  We didn't stay outside too much longer after this, due to the fact that one of the two that remainded started slowly getting closer to us. I wish I had had my video camera and digital camera...unfort. I did not due to the fact that my daughter and I were visiting my friend at her home.   Our backgrounds are:  I am a Naturopathic Doctor, former Nurse,  my friend is a Nurse, and my daughter is also in the Medical Field. ((NUFORC Note:  Given the long duration of the sighting, combined with the description of the objects, we cannot help but wonder whether the witnesses might have been looking at celestial bodies, possibly twinkling stars.  Just a guess.  PD));35.5133;-86.3305
