Blue pulsing orb a mile high in the sky for a few minutes and then disappeared into a small orange streak;2018-03-19 01:00:00;2 minutes;Blue pulsing orb a mile high in the sky for a few minutes and then disappeared into a small orange streak While watching meteorites on the early morning of March 19, 2018 at around 12:30 AM I noticed there were very few planes in the air, as I live in a heavily air trafficked area of commercial planes, and military planes of various models from research conducted nearby at pax river naval air force base. On sunday night--Monday morning at approximately between 12:50 AM and 1:10 AM in Calvert County, Maryland, I witnessed an unidentified flying/ hovering object in the eastern north-east section of the sky at about 45 degrees from the horizon.  I observed it through a trees branches with no leaves, and at first thought, that it was the branches cutting off a stars light.   After about 30 seconds, i realized that it was much brighter then most stars and was indeed pulsing in a pattern.  I walked about 40 feet closer to remove the branches through a large hole in the trees branches.  A 2 bubble like orb of blue light was emitting multiple 1 and 2 second slow growing pulses over a second or two of time of a bright blue color. After about 30 seconds of me staring at it with my jaw to the floor in complete awe, a military fighter jet, likely a newer F35 from pax river research base flew over my house, towards the direction of the blue orb, with the jets direction offset to the west of the object by 10 degrees or so, at a very unusually slow speed that made it extremely quiet and at a very unusually low altitude.  I see fighter planes around my house all the time, for my entire life and I have never seen a fighter plane fly at such a slow speed or such a low altitude with such a quiet dynamic.   After a minute or two, the pulse began to change its tempo, when the plane came closer to it, though its hard to tell exactly how far away from it, the blue orb light compressed to a small white light.  As the fighter plane got a mile or two past my house, and closer to the direction of the 'orb' the light compressed from blue into white and then a thin orange spike that looked like a meteorite trail that ex! tended upwards and began from the point of the light which then disappeared.  The orange trail was very small and very feint, perhaps the size of a needle in the sky with a tail length about as wide as my thumb or a degree or two. This object was completely stationary in the sky and did not move until it began to disappear and was not on an orbit what so ever.  I would estimate it was any where from a quarter mile to a mile or so in the sky. I have contacted multiple flight facilities, looking for any activity from experiments, but this was not a sounding rocket, or an experiment, or a satellite burning up in the atmosphere.  It was completely stationary.  I have studied ball lightning and I can assure that not only was this not ball lightning, but the atmospheric dynamics at the time was not conducive to ball lightning.  This was not anywhere near the altitude of an elfing event nor was this a 'blue sprite'.  The brightness magnitude during the peak of the pulses was around 2 times the brightness of Rigel and barely visible at the low magnitude of the pulses which were at patterns of about a second or two and changed over the minute or two I observed the blue orb. The glow did not give off diffraction spikes like stars and was a smooth glowing blue orb which had smooth gradients of pulses.  The image shape was diamond orb like and gave off a rounded square edged shape at the height of its brightness in pulse.  The speed in which it disappeared was very quickly at around a half a second or less once it became a smaller bright white light.  I observed the object for around 1 or 2 minutes until it disappeared when the jet appraoched it. I have added photos of a sighting from Puerto Rico in 2017 I found after the event that accurately resemble the shape and dynamics as the orb had a 2 part-like dynamic to it during its pulses with a mild middle dividing line, that made the orb look a bit like two bubbles stuck together.  These are extremely accurate photos to the agreement of what i saw to the point where i believe this is exactly what i saw.   I contacted flight facility of Wallops and searched for flight or experiment anomolies but found no satellites or sounding rockets that could represent these dynamics or color wavelenghts.;38.6955;-76.6061
