Long string of white lights moving over the Victoria, Texas, sky.  ((Spacelink satellites??));2020-02-28 05:45:00;15 minutes;Long string of white lights moving over the Victoria Texas sky Well, around 5:45 AM, I went outside and the sky was completely clear, not a cloud as it was a very cold morning at 35 degree Fahrenheit.  I live out in the country so little light pollution and you can see thousands of stars, even the galactic arm in the summer with your naked eye. As I'm headed towards my storage building I see the movement in the sky. There were a long line of bright, non-blinking lights moving across it. ,They appeared to be very high and moving slowly from 212 degrees SW to 41 degrees NE (using my compass app). There must have been in excess of 50 judging by their separation and how long they were appearing and moving beyond my line of sight due to trees. They line covered the entire sky from the point where they were appearing to the point where the were out of sight. They were going in line, but not straight rather, staggered but not in any kind of formation or pattern. It eventually slowed down to where they were appearing from the same point but every 10 seconds or so and then slowed further to where only a couple could be seen in the sky at a time. Those stragglers were not going the same direction though, they were appearing from the same point, traveling across the same line as previously but climbing and eventually disappearing overhead, they just got smaller and smaller until could not be seen directly overhead, which is why I deduct they were climbing. It would take them about a minute or so to go across the sky, so these were not shooting stars, moving too slow, very bright steady white light. A few other also appeared to the west at about 280 degrees but were moving from about 9 degrees N to about 175 S. Really weird. Never seen anything like it. Im retired USAF and an aircraft aficionado, these did not look like planes. Just bright white, non-blinking lights. Took a video but too dark, took a photo towards the end when they were thinning so I could capture it, but they had been many more before that, so many that the whole frame of the picture would have been filled across with them  Let me know if anyone else saw it in the Victoria, TX, area, share this and see if others saw them.;28.8159982300885;-97.0073176991151
