Unexplained objects in broad daylight over Victoria, TX.;2009-06-05 14:10:00;30 min;Unexplained objects in broad daylight over Victoria, TX. On the afternoon of June 5, 2009, my wife, daughter, son and I witnessed some unexplainable activity in the sky above Victoria, TX.  We were swimming in the pool at my mom and dad’s house when I noticed what we first thought looked like a balloon lifting across the sky at a distance to the north -northeast.  I watched the object track across the sky for a couple of minutes, and then noticed a second object, and then a third tracking behind the first object on a similar trajectory.  I was ready to dismiss them as released balloons of some sort until all three of the objects began to flash and then switched directions and began circling back toward the direction they came from.  It was then that I became very interested in what we were witnessing.  The objects were barely visible against the blue sky, but were much easier to see with my polarized sunglasses. My son and my daughter were able to see the objects with their naked eye.  My wife had to put on my sunglasses to see them. The objects were joined by two others and they began to rotate in a circular pattern.  It was then that I noticed another object that appeared fixed in the sky at a higher altitude and these objects appeared to be rotating in a pattern beneath the stationary object.  As I was watching this happen, I noticed what appeared to be two military jets at extremely high altitude circling the area in a much wider pattern.  It then occurred to me that maybe they were looking for these objects.  My wife suggested that maybe it was some sort of training exercise.  When the jets turned back to the northeast, all of the circulating flashing objects began to disappear one-by-one.  The stationary object remained and I watched it stay in this same position for at least another 10 minutes.  The object then began to drift slowly to the east – southeast and looked like it was also getting farther away as it became much harder to see.  The object then stopped and remained stationary As I continued watching the object, I saw the two military jets again.  They were travelling on the same flight path, but were much farther apart than before.  They followed a similar path as they had earlier but appeared to be much higher and slower.  I then spotted a third jet that was on a different path and appeared to be heading more in the direction of the stationary object. .  I sent my wife out to my truck to get my digital camera so I could attempt to get some shots of the object before it moved out of sight.  I took several pictures, but it was impossible to see the object in the screen on the camera.  The stationary object then began to move very slowly and then vanished from sight. By this time I was pretty worked up and was scanning the sky for more activity.  I was about to give up when just over the roof of the house, again to the north-northeast , I saw two more objects moving across the sky.  One was flashing, and one was solid.  The flashing one disappeared rather quickly, so I continued to watch the solid one.  It moved across the sky in a similar manner to the previous one.  I tried taking several more pictures, and then I watched it until I could no longer see it, which was probably about 5 minutes. The only way I can describe what we saw is that the solid objects looked similar to what a satellite would look like moving across the night sky (except for the stopping and changing directions) and the flashing objects looked like what something flat and reflective spinning in the wind would look like as it reflected the sun.  I am truly amazed and mystified.  I wish there was a way I could find out where the jets came from and what they were doing there.   I feel very strongly that they were looking at the same thing I was. I am going to download the photos from my camera as soon as I finish this and see if there is anything there.  I will send photos if they come out.;28.8159982300885;-97.0073176991151
