Ball of light that was thought to be a star dropped out of formation and changed colors and direction at super speeds;1998-09-10 22:45:00;10 minutes;Ball of light that was thought to be a star dropped out of formation and changed colors and direction at super speeds On September 10, 1998.  Was reported before but did not get posted.  Was on another short vacation in Colorado in Buena Vista Colorado and stayed at the Rainbow Lake Resort located almost at the top of Cottonwood Pass.  While on a wind down walk with my mother-in-law, we both stopped to view the many stars in the sky that we otherwise could not see where we live in Texas.  While gazing at the stars we both noticed, at the same time, some movement within the milky way star groups.  What appeared to be a star that was stationary began to move and drop out of formation.  We figured it was a star burning out and shooting across space.  With further viewing with the binoculars we both noticed that it slowed down from going north and then started changing colors to blues, purples greens, orange in many revolutions of colors then it fired back into the star group within the milky way.  Strange to see this, we both thought, then the object zapped out of the group again and then with incredible speed zig zagged across the sky like no jet or object of flight the man can build. The directions were qucik and precise and at angles that no airplane we could design. I am ex-Air Force Special OPS and have never seen this display of exact super speed movement.  My mother in law proceeded to ask me what that was, and I advised that we may have just experienced a UFO.  The object continued to change direction back and forth at different angles and of course changing colors in its movement.  The colors seemed to increase in speed with the super fast speed of its directional changes.  Then the object became almost stationary but still showing very slight movement....moving northward.  Then the colors became intense and the objects colors started a revolving movement and it increased in speed faster than any jet I have known of...and proceeded north in the direction of Canada across the sky at very high speeds until it just disappeared. My mother-in-law to this date does not want to talk about what we saw that night.  She i! s a very Christian women and this defied her beliefs.  My understanding of this UFO is that it is not of our world, and if it is our government toy, we stole or enhanced the technology from another world to make this happen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date may be approximate.  PD));38.830028;-106.14436
