Late in the evening on the 8th I saw 2 objects west slightly south west I saw 2 objects in the sky being chased by 2 jets.;1999-02-08 17:50:00;5min;((NUFORC:  The observer suggests one of the objects of interest may have moved suddenly, but such a perceived motion often can be the result of optical illusion and eye movement.  The was a conjunction of planets in the southwestern sky during the month of February 1999, which may provide a possible explanation for the report.)) Late in the evening on the 8th I saw 2 objects west slightly south west I saw 2 objects in the sky being chased by 2 jets. As I stated in the other block I saw the objects and wathced them for for about 5 min give or take, pulling my truck off the road. one object was alittle higher and to the left than the other and I thought at first passenger planes, since I'm decent at geography and I really couldn't tell the altitude and size but they seemed to be right next to McGee Tyson airport in knoxville. Next I saw the jets they seemed to be coming from the same direction actually my direction and  the one on the left was a little more to the left of me like they were split off and were merging on the same point (the objects).This is when I pulled over and started watching them, I could tell that, well at least from my vantage point they seemed to be a lower altitude and were going up. The objects were yellow orange color ,I don't think this was there true color , because from where I was at they they were high enough that since the sun had just set, that they were still high enough that the sun was still hitting them. I couldn't really tell , but I don't think the jets were reflecting any light. I still wasn't sure if the jets were going after the objects or just moretypical passenger craft until, the object on the right jumped rather quickly higher and way to the left and it was not possible by any jet I've ever heard of because the jet on the right veered hard up and to the left and thats when I could finally tell the shape of the craft and 2 tight contrails, the jets were giving off contrails the objects weren't by the way, and being an aircraft buff, the only thing I could thing of from the contrails they were giving off was that they were fighters, maybe a Leer jet could. but when this ting veered it had to be doing some major G's so that pretty much ruled out a leer jet. So clearly they were chasing it and gaining ground , but then within about 30seconds time they seemed to take off not really upward(not sure) but, definately away from me and finally out of sight, and the jets continued on in pursuit and it took the about a couple of minutes to get out of sight. The objects were spherical but at the distance I couldn't be sure because of the glow they were giving off. I also know cause I'm about 45 mile from the knoxville airport , and I can see planes all the time coming and going from there and know what passenger planes look like at that distance, and fighters look like and if I had to guess they of F-15 or F-18 shape, cause when the one veered off i could see more of the top of it.As far as the weather it was pretty clear, well there wasn't any clouds in the sky where this was happening, and the sky was a typical orangish color like after any sunset. I don't know how possible it is, but I kinda would like to know if anyone else saw it , cause no one I know saw it, and my daughter who was with me is only 5 and she just kept asking me what I was looking at. I hope you find this useful and hope it might help support someone else if they saw it also. I would like to not give my address and phone for now, feel free to email me and if you seriously would like to talk to me then I would have no problem talking to you or whatever, I just don't want my address and phone bounced around to God knows who. Thank You;36.2833;-83.0421
