White to yellow to orange single bright light in Southern Wisconsin sky.;2001-03-06 20:02:00;1-2minutes;White to yellow to orange single bright light in Southern Wisconsin sky. Having seen something unusual the nite before (also reported to you), my sister in law (dental hygenist/volunteer paramedic) and my brother in law (chiropractor) and I went out on a drive.  We had heard from friends which area it was sighted in and drove down that road (SW of Belleville).  At 8:02pm, rounding a corner and going west, we finally saw what our friends were talking about!  Bright, bright light, subtley changing from white to yellow to orange and was located on the passenger side of the car.  It was moving slowly, towards the north, it looked like.  Decided to stop at the stop sign to film it and get it sighted in with the binoculars.  As my sister in law was coming to a stop, my brother in law (drivers side backseat) started to get out.  Unfortunately, he got out before she was actually stopped and somehow his foot got under the car and under the cars tire, twisting his whole leg.  He was in a great deal of pain and couldn't tell us what had happened for several seconds.  He got out of the car to get control of himself and looked up and saw that the light in the sky had disappeared!  Both of us in the front seat looked and sure enough it had vanished from sight.  My brother in law later removed his shoe and sock to find much blood and a huge piece of skin ripped off his foot (about the size of small apple).  A day later he is nursing a very sore leg, especially the twisted thigh area. He is lucky not to have a broken leg. Strange happenings.  After going back to their house, I got in my car and rode back out to the area.  I didn't expect to see anything, but didn't have anything better to do that nite.  I did see it again and I have filled out another report of yours detailing. Later that night after going home, there was a helicopter that went over really, really low over my house, N of Belleville.  This is out of the norm.;42.8646;-89.5354
white to yellow to orange light in the Southern Wisconsin sky;2001-03-06 20:30:00;4 minutes;white to yellow to orange light in the Southern Wisconsin sky Having seen something a half hour before this (report already submitted to you), I drove back out to the area myself.  I did spot the light, changing from white to yellow to orange and traveling what seemed to be north/northwest.  I found a high hill to position my car on and stopped.  I watched it move N and it just faded away and I could not see it anymore.  I had been sitting there maybe 30 seconds.  The total sighting was about 4 minutes.  Just wanted you to know that at your urging on the phone today, I did call our little local newspaper.  He said that he had gotten a call about 2 wks ago from someone who had seen something very similar.  He is planning on putting something in the paper (without names) and I urged him to list your website and your phone number.  I also told him that you recommended a tripod and getting time, sight duration, and direction detail.  He also said that my description was absolutely identical to the sighting that our local police officer and friend had about 13 years ago here.  Identical.  13 years ago was when Belleville had a large, large amt of sightings.;42.8646;-89.5354
I observed a orange light flying from east to west across the sky at average speed like a low flying plane.the orange light was constan;2013-09-24 20:00:00;3 minutes;I observed a orange light flying from east to west across the sky at average speed like a low flying plane. the orange light was constant.not flashing. I've never seen anything like it before.;42.8646;-89.5354
Bright light, loud hum, and displacement of my car.;2018-03-10 02:00:00;15-20 seconds;Bright light, loud hum, and displacement of my car. A couple left my friends house at around 2 in the morning, and I was driving up on a highway, past my old intermediate school.  Take in mind my friend's house is only a 5 minute drive from the school.  I saw a light in the sky that seemed brighter than the rest, and it kept getting brighter and bigger.  I was gonna take my phone out to record but as soon as i was getting it out of my back pack, my car started shaking and a loud humming noise started to come from outside. I dropped my phone and the light was practically taking up the view from my windshield and i couldn't see anything so i stopped my car.  For a good 15 seconds my car was almost vibrating and the loud humming noise intensified.  I reached down to get my phone to record but when i looked up the humming stopped and the light was gone.  My car was farther up the street than where i originally thought i stopped my car when the light appeared, which left me confused but i assumed i might've let my foot off the brake and moved forward a bit, but my car couldn't have gone that far as slow as i was going, especially up hill.   At this time i was really confused as to what happened, i thought maybe a plane or trucker came too close to me and just shook my car.  But it lasted almost 20 seconds.   I also noticed it was almost 2:15. and i swear i left my friend's at 2 am, so i don't know how 10 minutes passed that fast or what even happened.;42.8646;-89.5354
