Star like objects moving rapidly through night sky.;2006-07-01 00:00:00;15-20 minutes;Star like objects moving rapidly through night sky. At appoximately 12 am I happened to look outside & saw what appeared to be a really bright star or planet in the horizon.   I sat looking at it for a few minutes, only to notice that it was moving.  I continued watching it, thinking that it might be a plane.  As I was watching, it suddenly disappeared & reappeared much closer to the house.  It was moving too fast to be a plane.  So I went outside to see if I could get a better look.  I then saw it disappear then reappear much farther away.  It remained motionless at that point, then much to my disbelief more lights appeared until they were 5-7 of them.  They remained motionless, somewhat lined up, approximately the height that planes fly.  Then one would disappear & reappear farther away in a matter of seconds. I recall them changing colors, red, blue & yellow as well. Each of these lights continued to do this for approximately 15 minutes until they all vanished. 	We live out in the country with only one yard light, so it was almost pitch black.  These objects looked like stars, but moved.  There were no blinking lights as one would expect on a plane, plus the speed at which they were traveling was much too fast for an airplane.  I happened to ask my 16 year old son one day if he has noticed the lights to the West of us.  He replied yes.  He then described exactly what I saw plus he didn't think they could be planes either.  I have seen these lights multiple times and so has my son.  We don't live near any airports either. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.1049;-86.035
Very fast object traveling just above low stratus clouds.;2017-01-01 19:31:00;2 seconds;Very fast object traveling just above low stratus clouds. I was driving south bound on 46th street off CR 358 for approx 1/4 of a mile.  A white light in the sky traveling east caught my attention as it passed over the road ahead of me at a very high rate of speed.  I could not see the shape as it was just above a blanket of stratus clouds.  The clouds were relatively low.  It was very dark and I could easily see the bright  white light illuminating through the clouds as it shot through and off into the distance.  It traveled in a straight line and I was able to witness it until it was no longer visible.  It took no more than a couple of seconds (approx. 2 sec.) to cross the sky until out of view.  I heard no sound though I was in a vehicle.  No radio on.  Seemed much too fast to be a commercial plane, crop duster-type aircraft or a drone.;42.1049;-86.035
