my friend and i were driving in a car. i was the pasenger. i just happend to look up and saw part of a circular craft maybe 15 feet abo;1981-06-30 19:00:00;3-4 hours;my friend and i were driving in a car.  i was the pasenger. i just happend to look up and saw part of a circular craft maybe 15 feet above the car pacing us down the road. it was silent. i pointed this out to my friend who panicked and stepped on the gas. it stayed with us without a problem.we saw a house and the driver skided to a stop. he ran to the house and beat on the doors and windows.the person in the house was scared and wouldnt come out. i got out of the car and shined a very powerful flashlight on it. it was there. i bounced a couple of rocks off it. it was there. it was slowley spinning counter clockwise. my friend was screaming for me to get back.  he was panicking, i was interested.  i walked up to the house and calmly knocked on the door. a woman spoke through the door. she said her husband was in the shower. i told her to look out the window. she turned on the flood lights and it really was lit up then. she said oh my god and came out. now there was three of us.  it was still spining. they stayed back i got right under it and kept hitting it with rocks. all of a sudden it looked like someone cut it with a knife. on the underside just below the lip of the craft. a hatch slid down and you could see this turquise colored light that you always hear about. it was still spinning because the hatch would disapear and come back on the other side. then it started putting out its own cloud. even though it was windy the cloud stayed in place. we were less than 25 feet from it and when the cloud disapeared it was gone. i didnt see it fly away so i always wondered if it was really gone. all i know is we couldnt see it any more.  we stood around talking and then my friend and i went back to his house. it seemed like 30 minutes went by but his wife was screaming because it was almost one am. it really didnt seem like it was that long. if iwas by myself i would have thought i was going crazy but two other people were seeing what i w! as seeing. i remember it clearly to this day. i dont drink or ! do drugs so i cant blame that. i have been interested in ufos ever since. then 25 years later i saw a video with bob lazar showing the sports model, and there it was. that was the one i saw. i never saw aliens or windows. just the hatch on the bottom putting out the cloud. it might sound nuts but i know what i saw. my phone number is 954 554 8016  954 330 2047. if there is something there you can use feel free to call me. if i dont answer im working so leave a number and i will get back to you. thank you ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.7611;-74.5885
