UFO Sighting Rush, NY December 2, 2019 - Rochester;2019-12-02 08:10:00;1:50;UFO Sighting Rush, NY December 2, 2019 - Rochester On the above date while leaving work this writer observed a large bright object in the sky hovering a very low altitude, just above the tree line at the location. This is the brightest object this writer has ever seen, and caused short term affect to visibility similar to if to stare directly at the sun. The effect of the brightness of viewing this object lasted for two days following the event.  This object was observed in an area that is considered to be rural, and was above a large open field. This location has no other visible obstructions, and that would cause this object to be mistaken for any other object. The object was an extremely bright light, and as it was observed it became brighter. The object became so bright that it started to illuminate various colors like a burst of crystalize ice. This writer observed the object for about 2 minutes as it sat still, and appeared to be observing this writer back. This writer then began to record by first taking a picture, and then video recording. The object then proceeded to move toward this writer. The object moved, and the light appeared to pulsate. This was light was continuous, and not individualized like that of a plane. The object moved very swiftly, and moved at unrealistic speed of any flying apparatus known to this writer. This object made an unfamiliar sound that did indicate some type of power. This writer did observe for it being so close, there was no movement of the trees from a possible thrust from the movement. This writer does not believe that this object was a plane, drone, or any other aircraft that is familiar. The light was full, bright, and almost perfect circle. As the object proceed to get closer and positioned over my motor vehicle.  This writer observed what appeared to be a very brief shut down or idling which at this time the object went dim. This writer could see that there was an object still present, b! ut it temporarily appeared translucent as if hidden. This object was very large in size, and wide.  After the brief dimming, the object became very bright then was out of sight. The object did not appear to fly was, but did disappear then reappear sudden at a distant from the sighting location. This writer does have a photo and video footage of the object that was seen. In the video you can see briefly the tree tops, and a back of parked cars to identify it was taken from ground level. I will be emailing the photo at this time. I will maintain video, unless contacted.;42.9959;-77.6611
