U.F.O. over the central coast of California;2008-04-10 20:20:00;five minutes;U.F.O. over the central coast of California Around 8:20 this evening my best friend and I pulled up to her house and I had noticed the sun just went down a few minutes ago, and the first stars were beginning to show. I love star gazing and have always been interested in astronomy, outside planets, stars, galaxys etc... Anything abnormal. I want to get to the point. Basically, as i was gazing in Los Osos, on the bay view hights area up 9th st, I saw a bright light, white in color, and brighter than other stars around it moving in strange wiggly patterns, and making quick circular turns for a few split seconds and then fading strangely and flying down toward San Luis Obispo and the Los Psos valley road area, as this was happening...I pointed it out to my friend, and since we have previously seen a few ufos or unidentified flying objects, not known to us, and making no sounds, we kept paying attention to the area. I was sure she would see it but her eyesight is a little bad in the dusk lighting so she kept looking and then OUT OF NOWHERE the same bright light appeared near where I saw the previous one and did similar motions but then flew straight over us, and started dimming very quickly but flying in strange ways unlike man-made or top secret government equiptment. definetly not of this world.  I got teary eyed and the chills, and a few minutes after this happened, another tiney dim light flying the same way flew up toward cambria and dissapeared after going in a circle (small, VERY FAST ) very CREEPY. We are not alone, I CONCLUDE that tonight, was an amazing spectacle I will never forget. I see this amazing universe is full of LIFE!!;35.3135;-120.8369
Trail of 60+ lights traveling in a line without sound in close linear formation- not visible on cameras;2021-05-05 04:45:00;4 minutes;Trail of 60+ lights traveling in a line without sound in close linear formation- not visible on cameras At 4:45 AM this morning I saw a line of 10 lights that looked like super bright satellites but they were moving in a straight line going south east towards San Luis Obispo. I was in los Osos and thought that was odd and waited a minute and then saw another line of them and went to wake up my wife. Then we watched a line of 50 or 60 of the same kind of bright lights without sound moving south east in line in close formation at a steady speed going from the coast towards San Luis Obispo down los Osos Valley. The cameras wouldn’t capture the trail of lights.;35.3135;-120.8369
