I saw a bright, white object flying at a VERY high rate of speed and then suddenly disappear.;2006-09-20 22:30:00;3 - 5 Seconds;I saw a bright, white object flying at a VERY high rate of speed and then suddenly disappear. I work as an Armed Security Guard in Pearl River, LA. My background is all security-related including 4 Yrs in the US Army as a Military Policeman during which time I've also seen combat. Suffice it to say I've seen alotta things but last night's experience was definately something new.  Last night (09/20/06) I was at the Pearl River Rest Area on Interstate 59 (Southbound) when I witnessed a strange occurrance. I was sitting in my car which was parked facing East. I had my door open for fresh air and was looking to my left (Northward) with a clear view of the sky. I noticed an airplane flying northward and I remember thinking it must've recently taken off from New Orleans Airport as I saw its lights flashing red and white as most do. I was looking at the sky not far above the treeline when I saw it, a BRIGHT white object comming from my left (West) and heading to my right (East) at a VERY high rate of speed.  The best way to descibe the object is, picture a block of round cheese (uncut) and lay it on its side. It was flat across the top and the bottom but curved on the sides. As I said it was EXTREMELY bright and pure white, there were no other colors. What was fascinating about the color was that the white seemed clear in that as bright as it was, it wasn't blinding at all. I could clearly define the shape of the object immediately. I watched it as it travelled at a VERY high rate of speed and just as suddenly as it appeared it vanished. The amazing thing about its disappearance is that it did exactly that. It didnt suddenly take off to outer space, or drop behind a treeline. Where the object disappeared there IS no treeline, it simply vanished like it flew behind a curtain. Also of note, the object was travelling parallel to the ground, neither gaining or losing altitude. I have no guess (and guessing is all it would be) as to the rate of speed it was travelling, all I can say is it covered miles in a matter of seconds. The size would be approximate to the 1/2 moon as it appears in the night sky, it was large. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length via telephone with this individual, and he seemed to us to be unusually reliable as a witness, and credible in his description of the sighting.  PD));30.3987;-89.7823
