Orange Glowing Light In The Sky;2008-07-20 23:15:00;90-120 seconds;Orange Glowing Light In The Sky Me and my friends were in one car driving westbound on Walnut Lake Road.  I was sitting in the passenger seat and I saw a bright orange glowing light slowly traveling eastbound ahead of us and commented to everyone: Hey look at that, what is it?  Just then my friend made a left turn into the subdivision to go home.  I asked him to stop the car so we can all observe the glowing light.  The light was too bright to be an airplane spotlight.  It was also traveling too slowly to be an airplane.  Then I thought what if it's a helicopter, but I then ruled that out because it looked like it was only about 500-600 feet in the air and I did not hear any sounds that would resemble the sound of a helicopter.  I got out of the car just to see if I could hear anything, but the only thing I heard was an unusual very faint mechanical/electronic sound, but I could not confirm this sound was coming from the object.  It was also too fast to be a hot air balloon.  It slowly passed us and continued heading eastbound in the sky.  It was then out of our view because of the trees.  Again, it looked like a spherical, bright orange glowing light that looked a little hazy.;42.5617747826087;-83.3790086956523
Orange glowing sphere seen over West Bloomfield, Mi.;2012-09-29 19:00:00;10 minutes;Orange glowing sphere seen over West Bloomfield, Mi. On Saturday, September 29th, 2012, my wife and I went to her parents’ house in West Bloomfield, Michigan to work on replacing their rotted front steps.  After working all day, and nearing sunset, it was discovered that we were lacking a few supplies so my wife volunteered to run to the local big box store while my father-in-law and I stayed back to keep working.  My wife pulled out of the driveway sometime between 7:00 to 7:30 PM EST.  The day was a perfect autumn day: crisp temperatures, beautiful sunny skies with large fluffy clouds and as the evening progressed the clouds appeared ominously dark in contrast to the gorgeous sunset. It was still light enough to see, but the sun was definitely starting to set.  I happened to step back from working for a second to stretch my back and as I looked up above my head there was a large circular object.  The object appeared to be a bright orange sphere that looked almost like it was on fire.  It pulsated slightly and appeared to have energy waves around it.  At times there were even hints of yellowish-orange around the edges, and it almost seemed to faintly change shape.  At this point my Father-in-law was working with me.  My Mother-in-law and Brother-in-law had just come out of the house to see the progress on the steps.  Upon spotting the object I immediately alerted everyone.  They turned to see the object and the same question seemed to echo between us all, What the hell is that?  The Burning sphere was like a glowing orange ember from a bonfire, intensely bright and beautiful.  It seemed to be flying high in the sky, but then strangely it passed under the clouds which seemed to be somewhere around Cessna altitude range (5000 to 9000 ft.).  The object also appeared to be traveling fairly fast (about as fast as a military jet), and made absolutely no sound what-so-ever. My Brother-in-law made some comment that it was probably just one of those floating Chinese lanterns that had finally caught on fire, but as I said to him, There wasn’t a visible fire, it was just glowing an intense orange color, and Chinese lanterns don’t fly that fast!   I watched the object for about 10 minutes until it appeared to disappear.  We all talked about the sighting later trying to come up with what it possibly could be and agreed that   Whatever it was, it was definitely glowing like an ember, it was not just a reflection from the sun and it was moving very fast and without a sound.;42.5617747826087;-83.3790086956523
