Bright object in the sky;2007-09-04 18:30:00;1min;Bright object in the sky I saw it as I looked towards the Western horizon, about halfway between horizon and looking straight up. I saw if for approximately 1 minute. It was stationary as I compared it to an airplane further away that was moving. I went to my car to retrieve my camera and it was gone.  I checked the Internet for the position of Venus or other bright stars since this was pre-dusk but the object was not near it. I looked again from my house when it was dark but didn’t see a bright star where the object would have been.;39.9632348148148;-76.7165807407409
Another sighting in York PA!!!;2007-10-12 22:00:00;55 minutes;Another sighting in York PA!!! Viewed one very bright and multicolored anomaly in the sky. The unidentified flying object moved upward, backwards, and then side-to-side. It was visible for approximately 45 minutes and still somewhat visible (with binoculars only) for about another 10 minutes. During this entire time, there we helicopters within a fairly close range circulating the object. I must say that this is my 2nd report submitted to this site. I’ve decided to remain anonymous because I am a mother, stepmother, and a wife living in a small community (depends on where you’re from…I’m from a bigger city). Moreover, I know that there is some danger in speaking about this. I guess I feel the need to report these sightings so that others know that they are not insane. Something very strange is going on in our skies and the media in our country seems to overlook the phenomenon. I feel like our government knows a lot more than they’re letting on. I encourage everyone to report what they see when they see it. I feel uncomfortable knowing that such a huge secret is being kept from us! One must ask why we’re being fed fabricated stories of air balloons and satellites being confused as UFO’s when it is evident (to me and many others) that this is not the case. I’m not a crazy drug-addicted person with nothing better to do than make-up wild science-fiction stories. I’m a relatively “normal” (by society’s standards) woman looking to the sky for answers. Also, I have witnessed chemtrails numerous times in the York skies. I don't know if there is a connection but I thought it was worth mentioning. I do have photos of these so-called chemtrails that I will submit to this site soon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.9632348148148;-76.7165807407409
Two objects apparently the same size, shape, color, movement sitting in the same place, one for thirty-five days, the other the same.;2019-07-01 21:00:00;Ongoing;Two objects apparently the same size, shape, color, movement sitting in the same place, one for thirty-five days, the other the same. I am a retired school teacher of 42 years.  I have an MEd in Administration and Supervision.  I am 74 years old. On Monday, July 1, this year, I was on my deck attached to my home.  At approx. 21:00, I was watching the sky at dusk, watching commercial airliners fly directly over my home, flying east to west.  My home is directly under airliners' flights apparently from Philadelphia/New York to the west coast.  As an airliner went across the sky, I saw an object off to the side of it.  At first, I thought it was a star and didn't pay any attention to it.  As the plane moved forward, I saw this object start to move at about a ninety degree angle directly toward what I realized was an intersect point with the plane.  Now, I could see that the object was not a star as it was close to the earth.  The object had ball-like pieces that moved around as the object moved toward the plane.  The balls were different colors with three white ones that moved around the outside of the others.  From where I stood, the object was going to run directly into the plane.  The plane continued, the object stopped as the plane passed, evidently the two were not at the same altitude.  The object then made a ninety-degree left turn at an apparent high rate of speed.  If the plane was moving at 400 mph, the object was moving at about the same rate toward the plane, made that turn, then followed the plane at the same speed for a short time.  At that point, I became aware that the object was not alone.  A second, similar object appeared, and I say appeared because it was not there a second before.  The second object was farther to the east.  It was not as well put together as the first as the second had similar round parts, but they were not organized into a shape as the first was.  The second approached the flight path of the plane but behind it.  The object seemed to get organized as the lights formed, it appeared, a flat object.  The object followed the plane, apparently tracking it or staying behind it, toward the west until it disappeared.  In th! e meantime, the first object moved erratically in one place wh! ere it s topped following the plane, the ball-like structures moved around inside the shape, changed colors, and appeared to form a large sphere-shaped object that was rolling.  After maybe fifteen minutes, the object began to move upward, away from the Earth.  Today, thirty-five days later, the object sits in the sky in the same place, but much farther away from the Earth.  It sits there, still observable with the un-aided eye, with the balls of light moving around in random motion.  And, the total object, moves, apparently randomly, from my observation point, left, right, up and down in the sky.  A second object, I do not know if it is the same second object as I saw the first night, now sits at apparently the same altitude but more to the western sky.  Its movement is observable left, right, up, and down, apparently random.  Its balls of light move in the same way as the first object.   I have observed these objects nightly when it is not too hazy or cloudy.  The first one is in the same place as the first night, and the second object sits at about the same place as it was after tracking the plane.  Am I nuts?  No.  I am observing an obviously controlled object in the sky.;39.9632348148148;-76.7165807407409
