orange sphere traveled by at  a high speed and disappeared.;2004-08-19 22:10:00;5 seconds;orange sphere traveled by at  a high speed and disappeared. At approximately 2210 on 19 August 2004, I was in the company of a co-worker and seated on a patio in the area of East York, Pennsylvania.  The atmosphere harbored a considerable amount of light pollution, but an object appeared very noticeably.  An orange sphere appeared to be traveling from west to south-east, and traveled in a steady, fast pace, and was totally silent. This object was traveling faster than an aircraft, but far slower than a meteor.  I would estimate that the object was below the clouds, due to the distinct view and minimal dissipation of light to the surrounding atmosphere. The object was visible for approximately five seconds, and abruptly disappeared.  It was peculiar that the sphere disappeared instead of “burning out”.  Immediately after the object was visible, a helicopter traveled over our location in the exact trajectory that the orange sphere was bearing.  I can not determine if the helicopter was commercial or military, only that is was quite loud like the military variety.  At the same time, there were two aircraft traveling in different directions directly overhead.  These aircraft were at a high altitude. From 2210 until 2310 there were 18 distinct aircraft traveling in an eastern to western direction.  This seemed like an extremely high number of aircraft to be located in a particular vicinity, especially in the time period of 2210-2310.  These aircraft appeared to be non-commercial, due to the close proximity and flying pattern.  The formation was triangular and staggered. I had the impression that the aircraft were military. There was a great variety of beacon lights on these aircraft some displayed an extremely large wingspan, giving the impression of a bomber style or “AWACS” (radar) style aircraft.  My co worker and I traveled to a location approximately three miles away, where there was less light pollution and elevated so that our view was not impaired. From 2330-0200, there were absolutely no aircraft visible.  The saturation of aircraft in the timeframe of the sighting of the orange sphere causes a profound suspicion in the witness, and is lead to draw no other conclusion that the a governmental entity was in pursuit of the same object  that I observed.  This individual contacted the York Airport in Thomasville, and received no information or further direction.  This individual also contacted Harrisburg International Airport, spoke with an individual in Operations, who then contacted his supervisor who was an FAA employee.  His response was that “Obviously the Federal authorities knew of the occurrence, but you should feel free to contact your local authorities to inform them of the situation.   This witness feels fortunate to have seen such an event, but is left with more questions than answers.;39.9632348148148;-76.7165807407409
strange orange lights in the sky, fade in and out, disappear, then reappear several minutes later;2009-11-17 21:30:00;45 minutes;strange orange lights in the sky, fade in and out, disappear, then reappear several minutes later At approximately 9:30PM on 11/17/09, my friend and I noticed something weird in the sky as we drove to our other friend’s house.  We got to his house, then immediately saw this bright orange glow in the sky as we stepped out.  This one passed over our heads.  My friend said it was high up and was fast, but I think it was lower and slow.  The aircraft, from a closer view, had two bright orange lights, one in front and one in the back, and white and blue flashings lights on either wing.  The shape of the craft was undetermined because it was really dark. Another one of these lights passed over our heads, but still not close enough to get a great description.  Then a third came and we started feeling a little unsettled.  We looked away to get something for ten seconds and the third light disappeared into the night sky. We went inside shortly, but about 15 to 20 minutes later, we went back outside and saw another light, this time coming from the opposite direction (as if it was a previous light returning).  Then, sitting around the table outside, we saw another light in the distance.  This one looked smaller, but its light would dim in and out, and twice the light disappeared altogether, once for ten minutes. We were unsure what this is, but it’s definitely something I’ve never seen.  My friend tried to explain it by saying it was just a couple airplanes with brighter lights, but that doesn’t explain why the light would disappear altogether for ten minutes and reappear in the same place.  That was the truly weird part.;39.9632348148148;-76.7165807407409
Orange Lights in Night Sky Over York PA;2013-03-29 20:30:00;5 minutes;Orange Lights in Night Sky Over York PA I left church after Good Friday services on March 29, 2013 in York, PA at about 8:30 PM EST and saw unfamiliar lights in the sky overhead, though somewhat in a southerly direction.  The lights, about 15 in number, were orange in color and appeared to be a horizontal light source.  They were brighter than the north star and seemed to be a few times larger than the north star from my vantage point.  They DID NOT flicker, twinkle, or flash, but seemed to emit light much like a candle, but horizontally.  They were randomly spaced and moved slowly across the sky in what seemed like a non-changing formation, and did so in approximately a west to east direction.  I CAN NOT SAY that I saw any vehicle, aircraft, or any type of objects, just light sources.   Actually, I do not recall hearing any sound coming from that area of the sky.  I did not view that lights with any type of visual aid. I drove to my home which is approximately a 2 minute drive from church hoping to show the lights to my wife.  Though the lights had almost passed through our area by the time I got home,  I expected that my wife would at least get a quick look at what I had seen. But, by the time we exited our home, the lights were gone. Unfortunately, I can not report on how that final departure happened.;39.9632348148148;-76.7165807407409
