Birght, yellowish-orange, cigar shaped object over Sunset Ave./ Business 64 exit in Rocky mount, NC.;1999-11-24 21:00:00;5 minutes;Birght, yellowish-orange, cigar shaped object over Sunset Ave./ Business 64 exit in Rocky mount, NC. My experience happened in 1999. October or November of 1999 to be exact. I never reported it before because I never really told anyone about it before. I thought people would think I was crazy for claiming I saw a UFO. To this day, even though I saw one, and I know what I saw, I don't believe anyone when they say they've seen one. That being said, here is my experience. I was living in Raleigh, North Carolina. My job was in Rocky Mount, North Carolina NE of Raleigh. This night I was driving to Rocky Mount to stay at my parents house because I had to wake up really early the next morning. Since I was going to be in town a friend and I decided to get some dinner. I was driving to the restaurant on highway 64 going east. I had just passed the Nashville exit when I saw a long, thin yellowish-orange light just above the tree line. It was insanely bright and perfectly still in the air. It looked to be about three or four football fields long. Maybe even longer. I seemed to be about 10 miles from it so I knew this thing was huge. I watched it as I drove down the highway occasionally losing it behind some trees as the highway curved. The whole I was watching this thing and driving, I ran down a list of things it could possibly be. The list included a blimp, which it couldn't have been because it was too big and perfectly still, it wasn't the hospital that I was going to be passing because it was to high in the air and the hospital is the tallest building in Rocky Mount but not that tall, and I was absolutely certain it wasn't a plane. It was to big, to bright, and motionless. The last time I lost it behind some trees was the last time I saw it. I must have had my view of it blocked for 10 or 15 seconds maximum, but when the part of the sky it was in came into view again it was gone. I would have seen it fly away but didn't. In a matter of seconds I was under where it was floating on a clear sky so I would have seen it if it was still there but turned the lights off. I pulled over at the exit, again, pretty much right underneath where it was. I was looking up and noticed to small, fast moving planes flying in from the SE. These were obviously fighter jets flying in formation from, I am assuming, Cherry Point, which is an Air Force base SE of Rocky Mount. The two jets circled, in formation, pretty much in the same spot the object was and flew away, back toward the SE. I rolled my window up, put the car in gear, went to dinner and haven't spoken much of it since.;35.9600112244898;-77.8155408163265
