Bright pink coloured light travelling quickly east to west on a slightly upward trajectory over Ottawa River.;2001-08-29 21:40:00;5 seconds;Bright pink coloured light travelling quickly east to west on a slightly upward trajectory over Ottawa River. My wife & I witnessed a bright pink light that moved very quickly across the sky from east to west tonight. We were travelling in our car, & both noticed it immediately as it crossed in the distance (unsure how far) from left to right in front of us. What caught our attention was not only the light (pink but slightly iridescent as well) but the movement on slight trajectory upwards before veering up and away on an impossible angel before disappearing. We were just about to crest a hill in a dark area slightly north east of the City of Pembroke. We were coming from the Province of Quebec & had just crossed the first of three bridges that span the Ottawa River. The island we were on is known as Morrison's Island & the light may have been out over the next stretch of river. When it veered away it was in a direction away from the city (north west). We didnt say anything to each other until it was gone. My wife noticed me leaning ahead as she drove and watched as well. She then asked if I had just seen what she had. There were no other possible light sources, reflections etc. There was another car ahead of us. They must have seen it as well.;45.749237037037;-77.2012851851853
Bright light that follows me around.;2020-06-29 21:00:00;All night til sunrise;Bright light that follows me around. I've been seeing a light in the sky that follows me everywhere I travel and it has been witnessed by myself and others in our family and household. It's gotten very close, maybe 20 ft above us when we leave city limits.  It has also been noted to follow certain people I associate with on days when I don't see it but it is visible pretty much every clear night we've had.  I've asked others to watch it when I leave them and they've told me as soon as I've left it's left, and at times been replaced by another light.  Some nights, even when we travel away from home there are several moving in erratic patterns, and there is one in particular that seems to go where I go keeping to the same spot in the sky but even when I turn corners in my vehicle is still visible in the same spot in the sky.  I've put tape on my window to track it and see if it was moving and watched it bob and weave out of the lines. When it did come close above our vehicle my husband at first thoug! ht it was a helicopter but with it being about 20 ft above our van I thought if it were a helicopter there would be a loud noise and it wouldn't have had so many colors flashing and it was silent. I really don't understand it but it's everywhere I go.;45.749237037037;-77.2012851851853
