A long Bar like shaped craft with lights all along it witnessed by 2 people in Bucks County PA;2011-12-24 20:50:00;1 minute;A long Bar like shaped craft with lights all along it witnessed by 2 people in Bucks County PA At any where from 8:50pm on Saturday December 24th 2011, I receive a text from my girlfriend, saying she just saw a ufo. I immediately run outside with my binoculars (being a ufo freak) and in a matter of a minute I see a long bar like shaped craft.  Moving extremely oddly in the sky almost cloaked with the darkness of the sky, with lights all along the entire craft. A plane that flew by about 3 minutes afterwards was about the size of one, of  the lights on the craft in size comparison. The craft had about anywhere from 8 to 16 lights all along it. That where each about the size of a regular plane. When I confronted my girlfriend, she explained the same thing only it moved its lights into a triangle formation before it was too far in the sky for her to see anymore. Like i said, the craft was almost cloaked to blend with the sky and wasn't noticeable, unless you looked at the right spot in the sky at the right time.;40.207;-75.0744
Ufo chased by military over Warminster Pa;2021-01-07 20:00:00;10 seconds;Ufo chased by military over Warminster Pa My roommate and I heard a low flying plane. It was very loud and echoing off the buildings in our complex, As we looked to the sky to observe, a few seconds later appeared a dark shape with 3 green lights. It came into view from the west and went out of view to the East. Flying very fast behind it was what appeared to be military planes. For over an hour after this first sight we counted 18 military planes coming through in the same direction, only much higher in the sky as time went on. The objects shape is unclear. It looked like a boomerang type shape with three solid green lights. The object was very clearly larger and longer than the plane that followed behind it. And it was very silent with no noise that we could hear. The military plane however was very loud. It was flying very low and clearly being chased. 10 minutes after the sighting our power flickered multiple times before going out completely due to “undetermined causes”. It was not restored til! l 03:03 am. Whether the power going out was simply coincidence or not, is undetermined.;40.207;-75.0744
