moving very slow. heading south towards willow grove base. jets were deployed.  ;2007-04-29 23:00:00;1 hour;moving very slow. heading south towards willow grove base. jets were deployed. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly not a serious report?  PD));40.207;-75.0744
Red Triangle UFO above a corn field (Bucks County flap).  ((anonymous report));2008-05-05 17:00:00;1 minute;Red Triangle UFO above a corn field (Bucks County flap). I was driving home from work and was passing through Warminster, PA.  I turned onto a road and a huge corn field was to the right of my view.  I saw a large red triangle UFO.  It was flying very low, almost touching the corn.  It was a bright, glowing, neon red color, solid and the three sides looked very thick (almost like glowing magma or hot plasma) I could see that the UFO was black in the middle because I couldn't see through it.  It was hovering and slowly traveling along with me and then veered east.  I don't know if the UFO was aware that I was watching it.   When the UFO turned east, it slightly turned its profile.  When it turned its profile, I saw the red outline face eastward, so the whole UFO turned eastward.  Only the red sides were three dimensional and the red sides were the light mechanism of the UFO.  The middle was flat and solid black.  The UFO was on the right side of road and I don't remember seeing it lift off but I looked at it for about 1 minute.  The red triangle UFO made no noise and it seemed to silently glide above the cornfield.  I felt like I was the only one on road when I saw it.  I did not realize it at the time, but this was during the time of the Bucks County UFO flap.  I had two more UFO sightings during this time and a more recent UFO sighting in South Jersey.  Every time I have a seen a UFO, I seem to experience missing time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.207;-75.0744
Three lights flying in strict formation, but gave impression that it was one object. Not solid-- did not block stars behind it.;2014-12-10 05:00:00;3 minutes;three lights flying in strict formation, but gave impression that it was one object. Not solid-- did not block stars behind it. At approximately 5 am this morning (12/10/14) while walking my dog in my apartment complex, I noticed a bright light passing across the sky.  Thinking it was an aircraft, I was curious that there were no red/green lights visible. My next thought was that I was looking at a helicopter.  However, there was no noise. I then noticed two smaller lights following in formation behind the bright light. Again, no red/green lights or noise.  Drones?  Possibly but the lights were in a tight unmoving  triangular formation.  Even though whatever it was appeared to be three separate lights, I got the impression that I was looking at ONE object. While staring up at the sky, a car pulled around the corner and I started over to ask them to take a look, but didn’t want to lose sight of whatever it was above me.  It was flying high, but not as high as an airplane.  More like the height a helicopter would fly at. As I watched, clouds rolled in and over the moon and lights.  When the clouds passed over, and the sky was clear again, the object was gone.  There were no stars in the sky that resembled what I had seen. I was not frightened yet neither did I experience emotions of any kind, which is unusual for me. My dog did not respond to anything, so just not sure what it was I saw.  Very weird.  Very weird.;40.207;-75.0744
