Blue/Green cylinder shaped object falling from the sky;2001-10-15 20:22:00;5 sec.;Blue/Green cylinder shaped object falling from the sky My husband and I were in our car. We both saw a light in the sky. When we focused we saw a cylinder shaped object falling from the sky. It was a teal green and had a white fuzziness around it. The sky is kind of cloudy tonight so there were reflections from them. It did not travel as fast as a falling star and it was not moving across the sky like a plane. It was more like a bomb falling from the sky. We are not sure how big it really was because we are not sure how far away it really was. From our viewpoint it was about a foot in length and 6' wide. Neither of us has seen anything like this before in our lives. We live right next to a major airport, Boeing Field, and air force bases. We see strange planes and such all the time. We are sure this was not a plane or anything. Because of the recent events we phoned the police, just in case it was not some kind of biological warfare device. I am sure they though we were crazy. Well hopefully this interests someone… ((NUFORC Note:  Event occurred at 20:21::52 hrs. (Pacific Daylight Time), as reported by Mr. Ed Majden, astronomer, Courtenay, B.C..   We have changed the time above.  PD)) ((Note to witness: Dear Mrs. ((name deleted)),   Thank you very much for the excellent report.   Could you please let us know 1) what direction you were facing, when you saw the object, and 2) what course it took across the sky?  We would like that information to help us calculate how high the object was.   I suspect it was a meteor, but that is only a guess at this stage.   Thank you very much for sharing the information with our Center!   Cordially,   Peter B. Davenport, Director ((RESPONES)) We were facing north/west  It came straight down from the sky. It didn't look like it was at an angle.   Are their really blue meteors, I always thought they would be a white yellow color? Let me know if I can give you any more information.  ((name deleted));47.4804239766082;-122.154122807017
