Strange Craft seen in middle of night, silent, that hovered a moment then flew away at incredible speed;2012-02-06 01:30:00;4 minutes;Strange Craft seen in middle of night, silent, that hovered a moment then flew away at incredible speed At approximately 1:30 AM, I sat on my front porch like I do several times a night for a few years, to smoke a cigarette.  I think I live on a flight path, because just about any time you wish, you can go out and look in the east sky and see planes.  Most travel west, but sometimes there are planes that go east on a similar path, but possibly a mile or so south west of the east to west path.  On this particular night, I had been out for maybe a min or two, I spotted a flying craft and it immediately caught my eye.  I was shocked because of how low to the ground it was flying, MUCH MUCH lower than all planes I had ever seen. It came from the North West and traveled more quickly than any other plane I had seen.  The closer I got, it seemed to move slower, but still faster than my mind expected to see a plane flying. I noticed that it had lights in a triangle figure (one in front, and two in rear).  When it came closer, I could see the lights were not on wings, and the one in front was not looking ahead, they were all three facing down. I kept waiting to hear this craft but it had approached with no sound, and then seemed to slow way down to what I would consider a “hovering forward motion”.  It passed over top of me, and seemed to be slightly higher than the tree line, and maybe twice as high as the homes it was passing over.  The craft looked black, but it was dark outside so if it wasn’t black, it was a dark shade close to black. It stayed level the whole time, and while over me, the lights gave it a triangle appearance.  I could not see any hard edges or sides to the object, but judging by the length of dull, non shiny material between lights, I would guess it was about 40 ft long. And about 30 ft from left rear to the right rear light.   I watched it as long as I could, and it didn’t seem to speed up, but it was gaining altitude. Within 30 seconds of passing me, it was gone!  It sped up so fast that it was almost instantly out of sight.  I have nothing to compare the speed to what so ever.  I have never been so baffled before and honestly was too embarrassed to tell most people.  My one friend I did tell, said it sounds like what others have seen also, and instructed me to report it, even though it’s embarrassing.  I don’t want people to think I am a quack, but I know that whatever I saw was like nothing I have seen before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));39.3179;-84.2482999999998
