My friend and me were coming down the mountain into the valley when I spotted it in the clouds just sitting there as clouds went by it.;1999-07-24 19:50:00;~1 hour;My friend and me were coming down the mountain into the valley when I spotted it in the clouds just sitting there as clouds went by it.  I could see it through my binoculars, as well as with the naked eye.  The camera was in the trunk, so I told my friend as soon as we get down to the valley..stop so I can get the camera out.  It took us about 25 minutes to get to where we could pull over.  When we did I got some video of it.  And then we were chasing it, but it was overcast and we lost it in some clouds. On Sat. July, 1999, me and a friend went from Colorado Springs to a barbecue in Cuchara, CO.  And from there we were going to Alamosa to stay the night, because I had seen an episode of Sightings, and they talked about that area having had alot of sightings and weird things in the sky.  So we went to the barbecue, and left for Alamosa around 7 PM. We were in the mountains on highway 160 east, just heading down to go into the valley.  I was looking with my binoculars off and on seeing planes, high flying birds, when something caught my eye about 7:50 PM. It looked like a plane with no wings or tail, just the body. And it was just sitting there!  Clouds were going by, but it just stayed.  It was white, but reflecting the suns rays.  When a cloud would block the sun from it, it would get darker in color.   The camera I had brought was in the trunk and there was no place to stop.  So I told my friend, as soon as we get into the valley lets stop and see if we can get it on video. So, about 25 minutes later we got to flat land.   By now it had gotten ahead of us by about 50 miles or so.  When we had first saw it, it was almost right above us in the car. We stopped and I took some video of it.  There were no stars in the sky, and it was now 8:20 PM.  It was going, it seemed, east to west.  Because that is the way we were traveling.  Unfortunately, after I first filmed it, and by the time we got to Alamosa, it had gone behind some dark clouds.  But that is not all.   The next day, we drove up highway 17 north to Salida, to a place called E.T.'s Landing.  My brother had told me about it, and he said that the owner, back in 95, had video taped two seperate encounters.  So I thought it would be fun to go have lunch at the restaurant.   When we got there they were just opening up, and I asked the waitress kiddingly, Have you had any sightings lately?, and she surprisingly said, Well, by the way, the owner said he had got some calls last night and that the saucer is flying again, around Alamosa.  What a weekend!   I listen to Art Bell alot, and I have heard Peter on the show many times.  I never thought I would be giving an experience in a report.  But I am glad to have a forum such as this to do so.   Thank you!;37.4725;-105.8796
