Bright silverish-white light 5 degrees above horizon with occasional red flashes, appeared 50 miles North-West of Alamosa;1997-06-20 21:45:00;5 minutes;Summary : Bright silverish-white light 5 degrees above horizon with occasional red flashes, appeared 50 miles North-West of Alamosa Observed a bright silverish-white light about 5 degrees above the horizon directly over a straight line from US hwy 160.  I was about 5 miles west of Alamosa when object was first observed. It appeared to be aprox 50 miles NW of town  The light had occasional reddish flashes to it.  After about 5 minutes and after emerging from behind some trees as I was driving west bound the object was gone.;37.4725;-105.8796
Object like a star moving at a rapid rate from the south east.  Pin of white light stopped directly overhead, suddenly expanded blue.;1999-07-03 21:20:00;1 minute;Object like a star moving at a rapid rate from the south east.  Pin of white light stopped directly overhead.  Without warning it expanded into an orb of intense blue light which remained white in the center.  After about 5 seconds it vanished.  There was no sound. The size comparison, both at arms length, when first spotted would be that of an led light on a piece of electronic gear.  When it appeared to transform into an orb, the diameter would be that of looking into a standard flashlight.  A dramatic size increase in an instant.  My wife compared it to the color of a flame on a propane stove.  In retrospect, I think the object may have descended at an incredible rate of speed which would account for part of the size expansion.  My wife feels whatever it was may have been attracted by our small campfire.;37.4725;-105.8796
We saw three (or possibly four) orange random glowing lights bigger than stars or airplanes at 8:14 PM, March seventh, 2013.;2013-03-07 20:15:00;5-10 minutes;We saw three (or possibly four) orange random glowing lights bigger than stars or airplanes at 8:14 PM, March seventh, 2013. Hello, I’m currently a self-acclaimed UFOlogist (wish there was a college or something for it &#61514), and I’m not even sure what I saw.  I’ve read up a lot on this particular subject and I can say this (these) object(s) was truly unidentified.  I was riding in a car (minivan) with my mom, my little sister (nine), my little brother (nine months) and my two younger sisters in the back, both under five, fast asleep.  My mom has always kind of ridiculed my belief in UFOs (I’ve seen one before), so I at first thought she was joking when she said, I think I found your UFO. After she said she was serious several more times, I finally looked out a window, and saw nothing.  She described what she saw to me, she said she saw three little glowing orange lights ahead of her, much bigger than stars.   I looked out my window, and to my side I saw one as well.  We travel a lot very near to the Denver Airport so we both know what airplanes look like at night.  We live in rural Colorado so we both know what stars look like at night.  We were driving over La Veta pass at the time, and there weren’t many stars in the sky yet.   My first guess was airplane, but it looked absolutely nothing like an airplane, once I got a good look at it.   My second guess was ball lightning.  But there weren’t any clouds, and it hadn’t rained in a good week.  I was almost completely at loss. The more I thought the more I thought they were TRUFOs.  They disappeared one at a time, until they were all gone. I’ve seen helicopters at night, weather balloons, and all sorts of things.  I thought it might have been swamp gas but (Heh, heh) rural (not to mention dry) Colorado owns no swamps, and they didn’t look glowing.  I (luckily) remembered what I should do, though, and caught the time 8:15 PM, March seventh, 2013.  Please give me any helpful information to explain this! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));37.4725;-105.8796
