Three orange lights forming an inverted triangle, no movement, no sound.;2015-04-07 23:30:00;3 minutes & continuing;Three orange lights forming an inverted triangle, no movement, no sound. I had gone outside later in the evening to view Betelgeuse, which was nearing the horizon and whose scintillations are quite lovely, as it glints in all colors.  Above Betelgeuse were Castor and Pollux, and in the space between them I noticed an red-colored light, star-like in appearance but not twinkling.  Soon it was joined by an identical second light source and then a third, the three of therm forming an inverted isosceles triangle that persisted for several minutes.   I wondered if it were a reflection of headlights or other artificial light source, but there was nothing in the sky that would present a suitable reflecting surface.  The objects appeared to be getting nearer and brighter and then assumed a globular shape as opposed to pinpoints as observed earlier.  Their color also changed from red to amber.  No sound was apparent.  I went inside to grab a star map, but the objects had vanished during my absence.;48.0304;-122.7683
Two triangular objects seen through/over high clouds.;2017-07-05 16:30:00;5 seconds/3 seconds;Two triangular objects seen through/over high clouds. I saw two distinctly triangular shaped shadows cross through the high clouds, about 5 minutes apart, as I was resting in the local park in the grass.  The sky was mostly blue except for one very large, high broken cloud mass that I just felt like watching as it broke apart above me.  I had polarized sunglasses on and I don't know if that made a difference, as I kept them on. The thing I saw first was the most visible.  It was a triangular shaped object that moved through the clouds it was just behind, very quickly, and it was darker than the blue sky that was coming through the clouds.  When it had gone past the cloud formation it disappeared.  It was not visible against the blue sky, just the clouds. I continued to watch the clouds and another triangle sped past in the same direction, heading approx. north to south.  Again, it was not visible in the blue sky, just behind and across the scattered clouds.  Both sightings lasted less than 3 or 4 seconds and there was no sound of aircraft noted.  This is a very quiet part of the Olympic, though we do have Navy Growlers and occasional jets and light aircraft fly over.  None were noted at this time. These were high clouds and the objects had to be pretty large.  The only size comparison I can come up with for this report is that they were slightly larger than the tip of my thumb, arm outstretched.  I am a small woman with small hands.;48.0304;-122.7683
