Opalescent rectangle flying through thunderhead date/time approximate;2001-06-01 21:00:00;+/- 5 minutes;Opalescent rectangle flying through thunderhead date/time approximate Unfortunately this occurred several years ago, so I am completely unsure of the date the time was approximately 9PM. 	I was traveling east on Ga. Hwy 36, approx. 2 miles east of exit 201 on I-75, and my attention was drawn to thunderheads in front of me where frequent cloud-to-cloud lightning was occurring. After observing several lightning flashes, I saw a large rectangular object passing among the clouds. It did not appear to be moving very fast at all rather, it seemed to be gliding. Based on the apparent altitude and distance, I could not estimate size it had to have been enormous. At no time was the entire object visible I could see (from my perspective) the rear and lower-right sides of the object. It was like a large silver ingot in that it was flattened, with an obvious thickness approximately 1/10 of its width. The most unusual aspect was that although it appeared to be dark in color, when lightning flashed near it, the object was opalescent it had an oily, reflective shine that magnified the brightness of the lightning. It also remained lit for at least one second after each lightning flash. 	I observed the object for at least 45 seconds while traveling on Hwy 36 I turned south on High Falls Rd and traveled approximately 200 yards (the object was in view the entire time), and pulled off the road to continue viewing it. I sat on the hood of my car and watched until it was out of sight among the clouds, approximately 3-4 minutes even after the object was behind/within the clouds I could see the glow from the reflected lightning for several seconds until I drove away and the object and clouds were hidden behind the treeline.	 	The area I observed this is relatively flat, open pasture with two roads (Hwy 36 and High Falls) intersecting at right angles little or no artificial lighting the above mentioned treeline is east of High Falls Rd and south of 36. The object and clouds appeared to be 10-15 miles distant, as the thunderheads were not reflecting any ambient light from Jackson, roughly 7 miles east of the observation site. The object was approximately 30 degrees above the horizon, traveling east (away from me) very slowly. At no time did I hear any sounds from the object (the distance was too great anyway), nor did it appear to have any lights of its own. It was just a huge slab of metal with squared edges floating in the sky. 	I’m sorry I can not be more specific about the date I do know that my oldest son, born in June of 2000, was almost 1 year old the sighting would have occurred in late spring of 2001. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.2871;-83.9838
