Driving North on the 805 frwy just north of the 8 frwy, saw four very bright white lights in the northern sky moving towards me, one of;1995-12-29 23:00:00;5:00;Driving North on the 805 frwy just north of the 8 frwy, saw four very bright white lights in the northern sky moving towards me, one of the objects flew directly over the park I had pulled into, at aprox. 800 ft. It emited no sound and was a rounded T-shaped object. A large green light appeard off its left side and streaked off in front of the craft, leaving a green trail behind it. the object joined up with other craft and headed S.E. out of my site. Heading north on the 805 frwy just before the junction with the 8 frwy, I noticed four large bright lights in the northern sky, approx just east of Mt. Solidad. I was mesmerized by the brightness of the lights, and the fact that aircraft lights appeared in the sky, but none like these crafts were emitting. I was so engrossed I missed the offramp for the 8 West frwy, I pulled off the freeway at the next availble exit and turned into a parks parking lot, I exited my car and noticed that one of the craft was going to fly directly over me. it was aprox. 800ft. up in the air and seemed to be at least 100yards long. it was T-shaped with the cross of the T at aft. it had Nav lights, however a blue and a yellow light were part of the configuration of Nav lights. (I am an aviation buff, and know aircraft of all types extreamly well. this was like no craft I had ever seen or heard about before (including speculation as to what the Aurora or other experimental crafts look like). the craft emited no sound and moved rather slow. this craft was flying over residential areas and ajacent to Brown Field. Suddenly a bright green light appeared on the crafts left side, and shot off in front of the craft, leaving a green trail behind it. The craft contined south towards Mission Valley joined up with the others and headed S.E. towards Spring Valley and Lemon Grove. I headed back to my friends house, where I was staying, I reported the incident to him and he asked what have you been smoking?  I told him I had a couple of beers while visiting with another friend, but that I was in full control of my senses. The following morning we were reading the paper over breakfast and he told me that the San Diego Union -Tribune was reporting that people had seen lights in the sky the prior night, so I know that what I saw others saw. However, I have never seen an explanation and have never spoken to another person who saw what I saw that night. At the time I was 31 years old and I am a travel executive. I am college educated, an avid reader, and somewhat of an amatuer scientist. As I mentioned before, I know aircraft, and this was no aircraft, I had aver seen before, or since. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Please see report from Washington State for December 30, 1995.  PD));32.8495788798915;-117.172097047906
