Noticed illuminated egg-shaped object with strobe lights travel from N to S/SW. No engine noise and travelled slowly. Object emitted pa;1999-11-01 17:50:00;10 minutes;Noticed illuminated egg-shaped object with strobe lights travel from N to S/SW. No engine noise and travelled slowly. Object emitted pale-white light. I am a biomedical scientist and my wife is a business owner. I noticed an egg-shaped object travelling slowly towards Southwest from Carmel Valley. The object was visible from 17:50 to about 17:59 PST (complete darkness) and had an approximate altitude of 1,000 to 1,500 ft above ground and 2 to 3 miles out. The object had two or three strobe-lights. Their apparent location was on top of the object and on the bottom of the object, and one at or near the tail region. The strobes flashed top-bottom--top-bottom--pause-tail-top-bottom ... the tail strob could have come from an object following the first at close distance. The object emitted a pale, white light and appeared to have dark, window-like areas. I was unable to hear any engine sound, which at that distance should rule out any conventional helicopter. It could have been a blimp, but the egg-shape and light emitted from the object would rule that out. I managed to alert my wife who can corroborate my observation and take several digital pictures of the object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness forwarded eight digital photos of object.  They are interesting in appearance, but unambiguous identification of the object is not possible from the photos.  Text of follow-up report included below.)) Classification: UNCLASSIFIED Dear Mr. Davenport, thank you for your interest. Here are more details: 1. Other witnesses: the ones I know are my wife and our 5 year old daughter. I noticed it when turning into our street while driving home. Given its size and the illumination, it should have been noticed by anybody in Carmel Valley at that time. My first thought was, why is a coast-guard helicopter hovering over our area, but after a closer look I noticed that the shape was too round to be such a helicopter, plus the object was illuminated, which would not be the case for helicopters, and also there was no red painting on the object. The object seemed to radiate a dim light all over the surface, ruling out a search light. My second thought was that it was a blimp, but the shape was more egg shaped than cylindrical, and again the illumination radiating from the object would make it unlikely. In addition, it did not appear to have any carriage attached underneath, and window like structures were on the body, which would not be the case for a blimp. Given the proximity to Miramar, it could have been some experimental aircraft (I did not see any wings attached). Also, sunset was much earlier, so I do not think I saw a reflection of the setting sun at a higher altitude in the object. 2. When I first saw the object, it appeared to be stationary, but after getting my camera and following it carefully, it seemed to move towards South/Southwest about 1 mm/ min at a meter's length from my eye. It moved in a straight line and appeared to head towards Miramar. It did not make any engine noise, which I should have definitely heard if it was a helicopter from the distance I was at. 3. I was facing SE and the object moved from left to right away from me. I will confirm this with a map and send it to you, since I never paid much attention to the direction our house is facing. 4. The apparent size when I first saw it compares to the moon in length and 3/4 of the moon in height. When I took the pictures, it was about 1/3 of the moon in size and when it disappeared behind a hill it was about 1/4 of the moon. It was much bigger than any star or planet. 5. The pictures were taken by hand - exposure was automatic (probably  in the range of 2 seconds) the light appeared whitish-gray by eye, but looks more yellow on the picture. You should have received one set of 8 images (DSCN0080 through 0087), they look pretty bad and you will have to correct for my movements because I did not have a stand to put the camera on. I did not have binoculars handy unfortunately. Let me know if you need exposure times for the images. Sincerely,;32.8495788798915;-117.172097047906
My sister, friend and I saw some UFO's;2001-07-03 22:30:00;15 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this young witness, and we found her to be quite eloquent and serious-minded in her report.  We suspect she is an excellent source of factual information regardsing the event described here.  Case is under active investigation.  PD))  sister, friend and I saw some UFO's I ran outside and I was about to ask my sister and her friend something when they started to tell me they thought they saw a UFO.  So I ran down to where they were and started talking to my friend, and then we saw this big shape like an egg almost as big as a house, it was like a bluish, silvery color. Then we ran to tell my mom and she came outside to see if she if she could see it too.  But it was gone so she went back in the house.  Right as soon as my mom went in the house we saw a shape again but it was sort of a more triangler egg shape.  Then the shape started to shoot out something in a line, and sort of looked like a lot of small triangles hooked together. The shape was like a silvery white color and was about as big as maybe a mansion.  The color of the  things that shot out of the shape were white. Then my friend and I ran back to our house to tell my mom again while my sister stayed back to see if she could see anything else.  But my mom still didn't see anything so she went back in the house.  After that we went to the spot to see if we could see anything else.  But we didn't except for the sky which lit up behind these houses we weren't sure if it had landed or not. Then about five minutes later my sister and our friend were walking back to the house and I thought I saw some red lights moving around in a tree or something.  I wasn't sure if it was anything so I called my sister and friend over to ask them if they saw anything but they said they didn't. So we walked back to the house.  Then after we went back to the house my sister went back to the spot where we had been seeing the shapes and said she saw the red lights moving in the trees too. ((NUFORC Note:  A more complete report from the same source, submitted after we had spoken with the witness.  PD)) My friend and I were sitting on the curb in front of my house.  We noticed a flash of bluish-white light to the left of us, and then an My friend and I were sitting on the curb in front of my house.  We noticed a flash of bluish-white light to the left of us, and then another flash of the same light to the right of us about 15 seconds later.  We assumed that it might just be a strange form of lightning.  We did find it a little strange because we usually see lightning behind our house, and the lightning seemed to just appear and move horizintally instead of the usual vertical lightning.  My friend and I then went into the house.  We were sitting on the couch, and looking out of the window when suddenly we saw an egg-shaped craft of the same color as the lightning in the sky a bit south of our house.  It was about the size of a house.  We ran out the front door and saw it disappear.  In hopes to see it again, we then ran down the street towards the direction in which we had seen the ship. My sister came out of the house.  We told her what we had seen and she joined us down the street.  It had been about one minute since the first sighting when we saw the craft again.  It was the same size, shape, and color.  It was a little further south of the area in which it first appeared.  The craft stayed in the sky for about 30 seconds and then disappeared.  We ran back home and told my mother.  She came outside with us and we went back down the street to the place we had been during the second sighting.  We were out there telling my mother what happened for about 2-3 minutes.  She then went in the house. About a minute or two later, my friend and sister and I were standing in the same spot when a second craft appeared in the place where the first sighting had occured. This craft was the same shape as the first, but it was twice as big.  It was a light silver color.  An extremely bright, white beam of light shot and of the craft and sort of beamed around the ship.  There was some kind lightning-like bolts that seemed to be coming out of the beam of light which gave of white squiggly lines and small triangular light.  The ship disappeared and we ran back to my house to get my mother again.  She was outside with us for about 5 minutes but saw nothing and went back inside. My sister and friend and I then went back down the street to see if there was anything else to see.  Our neighborhood is surrounded by canyons and my sister noticed red lights flashing around some trees in a canyon about 4 blocks south of us.  My friend and i started walking back to my house and my sister followed.  A minute or two later, I went back down the street to see these red lights.  From the distance I was at from them, the lights were about the size of the tail lights of a car.  They were flashing in a running-motion (sort of like the motion christmas lights) around the trees.  I went back home.  A few minutes later, when my sister and friend and I went back to see the red lights, they were gone.;32.8495788798915;-117.172097047906
a white oval shaped light that appeared and disappeared three times and the shooting of a lightning bolt type of ray.;2001-07-03 22:30:00;15 minutes;a white oval shaped light that appeared and disappeared three times and the shooting of a lightning bolt type of ray. this night was very dramatic for me.  it is the first time that i have witnessed something.  witnessing this brought me closer to realizing that there is life up there.  i was outside relaxing with my friend when all of the sudden i saw a oval shaped white light and it disappeared.  at that moment my friend and i went into my friend's house.  a few moments later another oval shaped white light appeared in the sky and then it disappeared.  my friend and i went outside to see if we could see it again.  my friend and i were walking south of her house and all of the sudden her younger sister came out and we told her what we had seen and she followed us.  then seconds later all three of us saw another flash appear and disappear.  it was the same oval shaped white flash that my friend and i had seen previously.  after the second and third oval shaped white light we came into the house and told the mother of the two girls.  then my friend, her younger sister, the mother, and i came outside to show the mother but nothing appeared.  then the mother went back in the house and my friend, her sister, and i went south of the house and upon walking my friend, her sister, and i saw something glowing behind some houses in the canyon south of where we were standing.  it seemed to me that the object either landed or was hovering behind houses.  then minutes later a lightning bolt type of ray was shot out into the sky.  at that moment i started running for my friend's house and then everybody else followed me into the house.  when we were in the house my friend told her mother what she, her sister, and i had seen.    then all three of us went outside a few times but we did not see another oval shaped white flash in the sky.  at 11:10 i left my friend's house and went home. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see related report from other witness.  We are awaiting illustrations from the three witnesses.  Case is under active investigation.  PD));32.8495788798915;-117.172097047906
Craft lands straight down over Miramar base at out of conrol speed.;2005-02-12 19:00:00;seconds;Craft lands straight down over Miramar base at out of conrol speed. Craft with yellow light on top and red light on bottom lands straight down over Miramar base.  Downward movement was too fast to be a helicopter, craft glided to the right very fast and then continued straight down at a speed that was out of control for any known aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));32.8495788798915;-117.172097047906
Close about 0.5 miles at start. Rotating and looked like it was reflecting light or had lights on it. It moved vertically then changed;2015-11-18 13:50:00;5;Close, about 0.5 miles at start.  Rotating and looked like it was reflecting light or had lights on it.  It moved vertically then changed to a horizontal movement while gaining altitude.  Then moved vertically until out of site.  It was rotating the entire time with lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.8495788798915;-117.172097047906
