Lighted object in Oakville, Connecticut.;2015-06-07 20:45:00;10 minutes;Lighted object in Oakville, Connecticut.  Moves erratically in the evening sky.   I am filing this report on behalf of our friends.  I did not witness the sighting.  However, based upon the picture I saw of the object, felt compelled to file a report.   This family of four were driving home and at approximately 8:45 both husband and wife saw a bright orange colored object in the Western sky.  One could make the argument that what they were viewing was Venus however they claim that the object was moving Erratically in a zig zag pattern.   Additionally their intuition was telling them something was off.   After about 10 minutes of viewing they stated that the object disappeared into thin air.   To try and debunk the picture of the object, I took a picture of Venus to compare.  In my opinion, there is no comparison.  The picture of the object seemed much closer, more brilliant in color and seemed for cylindrical in shape.  Whatever they saw has forever changed their view of what could be out there. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report initially elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information, and provides no photo.   PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) Good evening Peter, As a follow up the recent report that I had filed on behalf of family friends.  You had labeled it as a possible hoax.  I can assure you that it wasn't a hoax, based upon the picture seen and the freaking out of the friends that had witnessed it.   Is it possible to remove hoax that from the filing? Any questions, please feel free to call me.  (860) ((number deleted)) ((name deleted)) ((END OF ADDENDUM));41.5879;-73.0872
3 orange lights were observed in the sky !! Much larger than a aircraft !! We watched and the lights stayed in one place then just fade;2019-09-11 21:00:00;15 minutes;3 orange lights were observed in the sky!!  Much larger than a aircraft!!  We watched and the lights stayed in one place then just faded away.;41.5879;-73.0872
