Viewed in the western skys just above treetops. Round, orange in color lights.;1998-02-24 23:00:00;3-5 Min;Viewed in the western skys just above treetops. Round, orange in color lights. My wife and I were returning home. She's 41 year old housewife. I'm 39 year old and manage a steel distribution warehouse. We both grew up in the area. We were traveling north on Hwy 63 and observed the lights to our left or west at treetop level. We first observed two sets of orange in color lights. They then joined together as one and then spit into four horizontial lights. Then they slowly turned in the sky untill they were vertical. We heard no sound in conjuction with this event. We pulled over on the shoulder and my wife got out and observed the local police car turn around diretly to our east. The event lasted 3-5 minutes before we lost sight of the objects. It was like they just disappeared.;37.5103;-91.8605
Three large bright lights were seen moving vertically in the sky, vanishing as quickly as they appeared.;2002-06-17 20:15:00;2 minutes;Three large bright lights were seen moving vertically in the sky, vanishing as quickly as they appeared. The lights were very large to us.  We could tell no form or shape.  They were very obvious to us, and we suspect others saw them.  They appeared to be very close, maybe 1 mile away.  They were very bright, and at first appeared to be a large tower.  However, the lights started moving vertically. Three large bright lights were seen from our front yard.  My boyfriend called me outside to see them because they were never present prior to this sighting. They seemed to be suspended in air, but we took the car to make certain there was no tower in the area before we could get out of the driveway, the lights had disappeared. The three lights were originally horizontally lined evenly.  By the time I had joined my boyfriend outside, two had moved downward.  Within 20 seconds, and while getting into the car, one of the three zipped upwards and disappeared.  By the time we left the driveway, all three had vanished. We drove to where we had seen the lights.  At first we had suspected a tower in the area not seen prior to the sighting, but no tower was there.  We also thought clouds may have been a factor, perhaps hiding a tower, but there were no clouds as we approached the area.;37.5103;-91.8605
Three huge bright white lights;2004-02-03 02:00:00;20 min;Three huge bright white lights I awoke to three very large bright white lights in a row.  They were not perceptively moving and not near eachother, but elevated at the same height and distance in the sky.  They were larger than search lights, but had no visible direction or evidence of a beam.  Stationery and holding about a mile above ground.  I woke up my boyfriend and we talked about what could be hovering a few miles north of the prison.   After 20 minutes of watching, we went back to bed, figuring someone else would have already reported them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.5103;-91.8605
