Single occupant craft with headlights similar to a car, slowly hovering, humming sound and vibration once nearby.;2008-05-08 00:00:00;10 minutes;Single occupant craft with headlights similar to a car, slowly hovering, humming sound and vibration once nearby. Sometime between the summer of 2007 and 2008 I saw a UFO up close and I could hear it’s “engine”. I was in jail locked in cell C4 in A Unit. The jail used to be an air force base. My cell window looked in the opposite direction of where the road is located near the jail. I could see a softball field, then the fence, and then beyond the fence nothing but trees. Further in the distance to the right of my view was a water tower which could be seen among the trees. I was lying in bed reading when a light shone through the window. It must have been between 11PM and 2 AM. It looked like the headlights of a car. It caught my attention because there is no road in that direction and after being there for the better part of a year i had never seen headlights through the window. I looked out and saw beyond the fence appeared to be a car idling just beyond the fence with the headlights shining toward my direction. I watched as what I initially thought was a car seemed t! o lift off the ground very slowly and silently. The craft came closer and closer. The contrast between the light and the darkness made it impossible to see what it looked like. From what I could make out I would describe the craft as shaped very much like a car. The edges were not sharp, there were no corners, although it was shaped a bit like an arrowhead. It reminded me of a stealth bomber about the size of a small sedan. Looking at it I felt as though it could only contain one occupant or possibly be controlled remotely. It moved very slowly toward me passing almost directly above me, passing over the roof of the jail when I lost sight of it. Once it was within about 15 feet of me I could feel the vibration of it’s “engine” it reminded me of the sound of a computer fan. The vibration felt strong but the sound was very quiet as if the sound was meant to be dampened. It could have been an experimental drone for the military. At the time it was very outlandish. I ran to my ! cell door and yelled out to people in other cells to see if an! yone had seen the craft or if people  with windows facing the other direction could see it. It was strange because no one answered at all. One person said they heard me yelling but ignored me.;45.0658;-69.0899
Two slow moving very bright triangular shaped craft flying over treetops;2011-05-07 21:30:00;80secs;Two slow moving very bright triangular shaped craft flying over treetops On May 7, 2011 at 9:30 in the evening while sitting on my sofa I saw through my window  two large very bright circular lights coming down my driveway toward my house.  The lights were slightly smaller than the size of a full moon they were white with a tinge of red and appeared as though a 747 was making a crash-landing in my yard. I yelled to a friend and ran out of the front door to look at the approaching lights.  I quickly realized that the two lights were two separate flying vehicles very close together in fact, it appeared at one moment that they were going to touch but did not.  As I looked upward, I could see two distinct triangle shaped crafts flying just over the treetops perhaps 150-200 feet above the ground. They were moving about the speed of a person walking—they approached from the east and as I stood in my yard, the first triangle moved slightly toward me in a northward direction about 20 feet.  Both the vehicles had very bright whitish lights ! at the tips of each triangle that seemed to be moving in a searchlight motion.  When one of the craft was directly over my head, a beam of white light surrounded me as if it were daylight, yet a slightly different frequency of light, one that seemed like neither sunlight nor any type of headlight. From the vantage point I could see up into the triangle, appearing a bit like a pyramid shape, the points were evenly space I think it is called an isosceles triangle. Between the bright lights on the tips were smaller round shaped lights perhaps 8-10 of them on each of the three lines of the triangle, I could notice shapes inside each of these lights. (I thought later that they might be telescopes) There was also a green and reddish light but I could not from this perspective see the direct source of the colors. At that moment, I believed I was witnessing something that was “Other-Worldly”. I felt no motion of air despite the closeness of the vehicles nor did I smell anything lik! e exhaust fumes. There was the sound of an engine, more like machinery , a very low frequency rumble, not very loud, yet I could feel the power.  The crafts continued the slow flight over the treetops and turned slightly south heading south, southwest out of sight.  My friend was now outside with me she was also in disbelief and said that I seemed to be in the middle of the beam of light as it passed over me. The entire encounter lasted perhaps 80 seconds, yet it seems longer. I made an effort to be more observant, however, I was paralyzed with fear and astonishment it was two days before I could get to sleep. I called my neighbor and the phone rang and rang and she ran into the house picked up the phone and said, Yes I saw the lights over your house!;45.0658;-69.0899
