Odd lights appear over our head making impossible turns and making no sound.;2008-01-09 20:13:00;6 minutes;Odd lights appear over our head making impossible turns and making no sound. We had been walking for a while now and decided to take the tracks back to our neighborhood. The railroad runs directly behind my house. We sat down to take a quick break I looked at some constellations, I began looking for Orion. We got up and lit up a cigarette and started walking along the tracks back toward our neighborhood.  We saw a bright off white light just above the street lights running alongside the tracks. We both said it was probably a street light or a star but it was too big. We kept walking and talking about the day we had only taken a few steps when we both looked up and saw it had moved so we watched it and it kept moving towards the left and up at a sharp angle. It slowed down to a stop then turned completely around 180 degrees on a perfect axis. It started heading back right then it slowly turned towards us and began to pick up a little speed. It slowly went over our heads and to our right shoulder when we stopped and began watching it. There was not a sound no dogs were barking and the object gave no sound.  It was very low to the ground and we saw reddish white lights that blinked very slowly. This is when we saw the outline of the object it was long but thin it appeared to have a point at the tip with the brightest light on it. it flared out to either side with much smaller red lights. It had three lights (one on each side and one on the tip) and was kind of smooth looking. It gave off no noise if it was a helicopter or a plane we would have been able to hear the sound of the engines because it was so low to the ground.  We began to get very nervous and started walking very quickly trying not to trip and fall. We walked for approximately 15-20 seconds when we looked over our shoulder at it. It had moved a good ways away and we felt like we had to watch it, like something made us want to see it. We watched it go into some clouds that had just formed as it moved away from us. it had been a relatively clear day with low amounts of clouds and those clouds were very thin. It appeared to hover and it was gone. It didn’t fade away as if it was flying away it just disappeared.  No dogs barked the whole way back to my friends hous house, we took a short cut through some peoples yards and most of them have dogs either inside or outside and not one even batted an eyelash at us. When we arrived at his house his dogs didn’t even look up at us. His dogs always bark and try to attack us if anybody walks in his house even if they know who it is. Immediately when we arrived at his house we wrote down everything and drew numerous pictures of the object.;40.0435000000001;-86.4593999999999
