Eye-catching white light making strange circles in sky appearing as if it were flying behind clouds.;2014-07-11 23:26:00;15 minutes;Eye-catching white light making strange circles in sky appearing as if it were flying behind clouds Saw a white light that caught my eye flying in a big circle.   It was odd so I texted my sister and when she walked out the light was flying in another circle a little farther back from where it was previously circling.  We couldn't find any solid info or facts about what it could be but have seen evidence of others seeing the same light or lights making the same weird circle(s).;34.0861;-83.7840000000001
We both observed a group of approximately 12 to 15 orange lights drifting from east to north about 200 feet above the ground.;2016-11-06 20:03:00;5 minutes;My husband and I went downstairs to let our dog out a little after 8 p.m. on Sunday, November 6, 2016.  I was facing west and looking up at the moon through the trees.  My husband had walked slightly around the side of the house and called me over saying, “I think there’s something here you would like to see.”  I walked over to my husband and we were both standing in the dark.  He pointed to the sky.  We both observed a group of approximately 12 to 15 orange lights drifting from east to north about 200 feet above the ground. It was a clear sky. There was no noise connected with this sighting, only silence. We did not observe any breeze or wind at ground level. The dog did not react in any way. We did not feel frightened or threatened. We did not receive any mental images or any thoughts of being contacted. We did not experience any missing time. We did not experience any further aerial or other phenomena that evening. We did not experience any strange dreams.  When I first saw them, I said “Are those Chinese lanterns? I hope not because we are under extreme drought conditions.” I then went inside and got my Canon digital camera. My husband stayed outside, observing while I got my camera.  We were standing in the dark. The backlit screen on my camera was extremely bright and annoying and was so bright that I could not put my eye up to the view finder in order to get good photos. Because we were in the dark, I could not find the movie feature. After a futile attempt to take some still photos, I gave up. The light from the backlit screen was too frustrating to deal with. I have not yet gone back to see if I captured anything on my camera. I turned the camera off and my husband and I stood there, observing.  The lights glowed steady. They did not flicker or blink on/off. They seemed to drift as a group and did not seem to bob up and down or sideways. They drifted steadily together. The lights did not form any sort of discernible shape or pattern. The lights did not seem to be piloted or under intelligent control. Nor did they weave, bob, or dart around.  To me, the lights were not round orbs. To me, they looked as if they had a vertical portion, with a brighter glow at the bottom (toward the earth) section of the vertical portion and due to that extra brightness, the bottom portion sort of appeared like more of a roundish light.  The time noted after the lights drifted out of view was 8:08 p.m. This was the first day of standard eastern time as daylight savings time had ended at 2 a.m. the morning of Nov. 6 and I had set the downstairs clock to the “new” time earlier in the day on Nov. 6.  Curious to see if the event would reoccur, my husband and I went outside our front door and looked eastward twice more that night, but did not see any more drifting lights.;34.0861;-83.7840000000001
