very low flying diamond making no sounds;1991-06-30 22:00:00;5 mins;very low flying diamond making no sounds  I’m not exact on the year but it was a summer night with crystal clear skys, around 10pm. I was standing outside when the sky above turned black.  The contrast between the craft and the sky was what made me look up. I have never seen anything so black before,  The craft covered the entire house at one point and only flying at treetop level. The thing did not make a sound! It had bright lights on each point and a large light in the middle. I could not move for about 10 seconds, just out of total disbelief.  I then ran inside the house screaming for anyone who was home and was only able to grab my mother who went outside and also observed the craft.  The craft was moving so slow, and so low I could have hit it with a rock. It proceeded east crossing over the New York State Thurway, not making a sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
huge,triangle front view,diamond back view,hovering, two bright lights in front,silent,6 witnesses;2005-07-23 22:00:00;2 minutes;huge,triangle front view,diamond back view,hovering, two bright lights in front,silent,6 witnesses location new york. time 10pm. date july 23rd 2005. highway 84 heading towards hartford ct. weather-clear sky..two days past a full moon. so almost a complete full moon. many stars visiable in the sky.traffic- rt. 84 had lots of cars driving in both directions.we couldn't have been the only people to see this thing. what ever it was...the ufo was not hiding. witnesses  6.  my husband was driving. i was the front passenger and the 4 others were behind us in our motor-home. lots of windows. we all had a view.my observation- we are at the bottom of this steep hill past the newburge bridge...at the top of the hill were these two bright white lights....set far apart from each other. i also noticed a smaller blinking light underneath-more toward the middle-somewhat behind the two big lights. the lights seemed unnaturally brighter than anything else in the area and at this point i'm wondering what the heck am i looking at? is this a tower? it is not moving. it is hoving. at this time i say out loud...hey guys, what the heck is that? are you seeing a tower? is it connected to the earth? what shape are you guys seeing? are you seeing that beam of light?  a beam of light shoots down toward the ground. we all agree on what we are looking at.the beam of light is white. now, at this point we are approaching the top of the hill. now we have all undone our seat belts(not the driver) and are looking out the front window. everyone is seeing this ufo and saying holy shit- what is that?...now we are coming closer to the top of the hill. the ufo is now almost even to our eye level because it is flying over a drop off valley to our left. we see it has a shape of a triangle, black in color against the night sky. huge. massive. silent.  it is still hovering. now we are looking out the side window behind the drivers seat. we (5) are seeing the side..its a triagle..it begins to move forward toward n.y. ..i run to the back of the motor-home to the back window to get the back view of this amazing sight.   now the shape appears to be a diamond and it has a very small blinking light in the middle of the back...holy crap...i can't believe what i'm looking at.  we all (5) are looking out the back window and as we look i ask.... what shape are you seeing?what color are the lights?.. we all agree that it was a triangle at first from the front view...but now it appeared to be more of a diamond shape. black against the night sky.  lights..all white.  the ufo tilted its wings (front corners) so the left was down and the right front was higher and the space craft went down the corner of the hill with its beam light shining down on the earth.   now, here comes the weird stuff.... i try our cb radio to see if the truckers are seeing this....the radio is out.  nothing is working. i try again and ask....is anyone seeing this ufo in the sky tonight?    nothing.........so, i get back on the cb and say...hi ufo...we see you...we know you are there...show us your light... hello ufo we see you.. still the radio is not responding.. at this point i notice my throat is aching. i ask everyone if they felt any pain anywhere  or if they felt any type of strange sensation....no one was aware of anything.   more weird stuff..... one of the passengers took a picture with her telephone...when she looked at it the picture had a white spot on it..like one of the front lights. when she went to show everyone the picture was gone.  lost.  also, she tried to make a call with her cell phone..no service.   5 of us had a really good view of this whole event. my husband was driving so all he saw was the lights, the beam, the little blinking light, the front view. he did not see the side or back view or the outside shape against the night sky. the rest of us(5) people all saw the same thing...i also drew picturs of this right after the craft was out of sight.we all agreed it was not an airplane hovering. it was not a tower. it was not a helicoptor, it was a u.f.o. for sure and we have all had an experience that will change how we look at things in the sky for the rest of our lives.  it was amazing. the world is an amzing place and so is space....wow....!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
