Stationary UFO in Newburgh Upstate New York 1975.  ((NUFORC Note:  Date corrected to November 15, 1977.  PD));1977-11-15 01:00:00;10 Minutes;Stationary UFO in Newburgh Upstate New York 1975 My experience took place in Newburgh--Upstate, NY (near the villas)--on November (don’t remember the day) of 1975.  I was staying at my aunt and uncle’s home for a few months.  I don’t remember the exact address, but know it was near West Point Academy. One night I went to see a movie with a friend.  The night was very clear, but extremely cold.  On our way back to the house (between 11:30-2:00 AM) we noticed a star-like round shaped object in the sky with a long red glow under.  We thought it was a star because the thing was not moving and was far away. After a few minutes, we realized that we were approaching the object, and that it was actually in our atmosphere, stationed in mid air.  The closer we were getting to the area, the less we could see the red glow, but the object remained lit (white light), and in the same place throughout the entire time. My friend became very agitated and began to drive very fast as we got closer.  I don’t know how big this thing was, or how many feet high it was from the ground, but I do recall that the size was as big as a quarter (coin) from where we were.  It was a disk-shaped craft, but not flat. The top was round and all the bright white light was coming from there.  I rolled down the window and exposed my head out of the window to look up. The only sound we heard came from my friend’s car engine, and not from the craft. I saw the round shape of the machine, and inside the circle it had a frame-like in the shape of an octagon.  I don’t remember if the octagon was protruded, but do remember very well that inside the octagon were several tiny lights (yellow and some red) blinking very slowly.  I remember shouting at my friend to stop the car, and to please look at the craft, but he began to yell at me to get back in the car. He was driving very fast, and I pulled myself back inside the car only because my face was hurting from the cold air.  I was screaming from excitement and nerves, and could not believe that we saw the most incredible flying machine.  It was right up there, stationed in mid air, and we were so lucky to have had the opportunity to see something like that.  I remember being so mad at Michael for rushing away, but after few years realized that even though he was thirty years old at the time, he was dead scared and wanted to get away as fast as he could. I don’t know if that UFO was man-made or extraterrestrial, but I have never seen anything like it in my whole life.  The duration of the entire sighting was about ten minutes, and the only reason why we lost sight of the craft was because we drove away.  The UFO never moved.  I must say that aside from seeing the craft, we didn’t experience any other anomalies such as: electronic problems with the car lost of time, etc…  The next day I told my family what happened the night before, but my friend refused to talk about the subject.  I wanted to tell everyone about my experience, but decided not to do it since my family discouraged me from saying anything stating that since I was nineteen years old I would probably be treated like a crazy person, or a charlatan trying to get attention.  I limited myself to discuss the subject only with my family and two other closed friends.  I have never again seen another UFO, and to tell you the truth I don’t need to because what I saw was as real as the computer I have in front of me right now. Besides the fact that I am older and more comfortable talking about UFOs, the reason why I am reporting this sighting for the first time in twenty-seven years is that I really would like to find out if other people in Upstate NY, or any other place, have reported stationary UFO sightings with similar descriptions of the craft.  I have visited several websites on the subject, but haven’t contacted anyone until now.   Another reason I have to share my experience with you is that I am overwhelmed by the amount of information disclosed from many reputable and honest people throughout the years.  It is definitely a fact that the media has been used, by those in power, as a tool for social control. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  If any reader of this report witnessed something similar, please submit a report, using our Online Report Form.  Thank you.  PD)) ((2012 ADDENDUM FROM ORIGINAL WITNESS)) Correction on wrong date of sighting Hello: I would like to make a correction regarding a UFO report I made approx 2 yrs ago. The information on the original report is correct except the year.  I reported that the UFO sighting occurred in 1975, but it was in 1977.  I just came across an article about Freddie Prince (Sr.), who died in 1977, and remembered watching the news with my aunt and uncle in Newburgh.   So, the year I was living in Newburgh was 1977 and not 1975.  I apologize for the inconvenience, and would greatly appreciate if someone could make the correction. I will never forget this great experience, and continue searching for people who may have seen the same machine we saw stationed in mid air with an octagonal thick frame in the bottom. Thank you. ((END ADDENDUM));41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
Newburgh ny has visiters;1993-06-01 17:00:00;5 MINUTES;Newburgh ny has visiters we witness a object hovering above at about 1000 feet,moving slow,,object stopped in mid air,lowered about 50-100 feet then zoomed off and disappered,it was solid black round or oval I was about 13-14 then;41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
