Triangular shadow passes over moon;1999-08-27 19:00:00;1-2 minutes;Triangular shadow passes over moon I'm not sure of either the date or the exact location.  We were driving southbound on the New York State Thruway to go to West Point, and I think we were about 40 minutes away from the campus.  There were six of us in a van, and I was in the very back, facing eastward as we headed south.  It was a full moon, or almost a full moon, and I was looking out the window and noticed what at first I thought was the corner of a tall building obscurring the moon, because the shadow was the same color as the sky.   I then noticed that a) the shadow was moving, and b) there were no buildings taller than 3 stories nearby.   I watched it and a triangular shape passed over the moon and disappeared, all the while being the same color as the sky, almost as if there was a triangular lunar eclipse.   I remained silent for about 5 minutes, and finally asked if anyone saw that, and the other two on the driver side of the van said they did, but were afraid to say anything. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
Early Morning Lights w/Methodical Flying Speed;2008-01-17 06:04:00;3 mins;Early Morning Lights w/Methodical Flying Speed Hope I don’t sound crazy, but I’ve been looking online to see if anyone else saw this for 2 days now.   I was walking my dog and lights to my right caught my attention.  I cannot give them a true color as we know it…they were not white and not yellow.  They had a very “warm” hue, yet bright and steady.  There were no blinking lights like in aircraft I’ve seen flying.  The shape was between a triangle & horseshoe.  Not as sharp as a triangle yet more pointed than a horseshoe.  The area is very close to a military base so I am VERY used to aircraft, but what was most odd about this is that it was not the sound that caught my attention - but how inordinately low & how methodically it was flying. There was an odd, methodical  steadiness of the lights and movement.  The other odd thing was once I noticed it, I could then hear a soft (almost muffled) sound. The closest description I can give is that it sounded more like a soft muffled whooshing than the engines of a plane, military plane or helicopter.  In hind-sight when I think of the soft whooshing sound & lights I would almost describe the combination of the two as an “energy“ of some kind.  Needless to say I had a very conscious thought that if I didn’t know better I’d say that is a UFO…..but then low & behold (almost as if it heard me) it literally hovered for just a second (no more than 2) right above this exceptionally large pine tree that stands out above the tree line and hung there in a complete stopped position.  As I started to move further out onto my drive to make sure I was REALLY seeing this “plane” just hovering, it lowered straight down.  No angle to the lowering, just a straight line down at the same methodic speed it had been flying.  Having asked a question or two (while trying not to make anyone think I’m crazy) I have determined there is actually about a 30 acre field within ¼ mile of where it appeared lower straight down.  I stood there for about 4 minutes waiting to see if it would come back up. I went back into the house I immediately told my boyfriend what I just experienced.   Another VERY important note is about 3-4 minutes after I came back into the house I heard an exceptionally LOUD boisterous military aircraft engine fly directly over my home.  I again ran outside to see what was going on & though you could clearly hear the military plane (& the house was vibrating from it) I could not readily see the aircraft.  Now this we’re used to hearing regularly - NEVER so close above the house but it undoubtedly flew directly overhead.  Again in hind-sight I can’t help but think it was following or looking for it.  One other important note I‘d like to make, it was not flying from or towards the military base…if I had to give it a direction it appeared to be flying towards the Hudson River.;41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
On 2/17/12 a Massive burning flash turned into a triangular ship in Newburgh NY.;2012-02-17 23:00:00;5 minutes;On 2/17/12 a Massive burning flash turned into a triangular ship in Newburgh NY. First I would like to start off by saying that this is not a hoax or a joke. I do not want to waste my time nor your time. I live in Newburgh NY. I have believed that there was some kind of life beyond this world but never looked in the sky or anything like that. Newburgh has a ufo problem. Whether alien or military there are abnormal crafts in the sky and i have the videos to prove so. Here is my story. 3 weeks prior to the major sighting I was driving home from Planet Fitness in Newburgh Ny around 7:00 pm toward my girlfriends house who lives in Plattekill NY. Plattekill is only a couple of minutes away from Newburgh. So im driving and i see a burnt orange light in the sky. I remember saying to myself wow thats a weird color star. As I am driving I cant help but still look at it. I noticed there was like what looked to be glitter falling from this star. The glitter stops and then the star starts to rock back and forth like a cradle. It does it very slowly and then it just fades out. I pull over and then i cant see anything. That was the first time i ever saw anything weird. 3 weeks later it is 2/17/12 and me and my girlfriend are coming from Poughkeepsie NY driving down 84 east heading towards Newburgh NY. We are driving on interstate 84 when me and my girlfriend notice a burnt orange thing hovering in the sky. You could tell it was a craft but u couldnt make out what it looked like. We just dismissed it as a plane and kept on driving. We kept driving and got to the Beacon Bridge which connects you from Poughkeepsie to Newburgh. Thats when we saw the craziest thing that i have ever seen in my life. We saw a craft flying and then all of a sudden a huge burnt orange flash. I mean this flash was huge. So big i slammed on my brake and pulled over on a bridge.  I thought that a plane had exploded and i was ready to dial 911. I go to grab my phone and then realize that noone else was stopping. No sirens....no ambulances....no nothing.  We are standing outside looking around trying to see if we see any thing and all we see is the same craft continue to fly off into the night.  I thought it was so weird how this craft look like it exploded and then all of a sudden it flies away unscathed. We get back in the car to see if we can follow this thing but it went off way to high.  So right now me and my girlfriend are stunned. I cant believe i just saw something blow up and then fly away like nothing happened.  We sit back and think to ourselves well where did we see the huge flash of light at and we determined it to be right over Torches on the waterfront in newburgh.  This waterfront ha! s a whole bunch of restaurants but it doesnt open until the weather gets warmer up here so very few cars were there.  We then said lets go down and see if maybe some stuff dropped on the ground. So we go down and park.  We see nothing no marks or anything. I take out my camera and start looking into the sky. Nothing.  We stayed for about 15 minutes and still nothing.  So then i said forget it and lets leave. We turn around and then i felt sonmething.  I cant explain what i felt but something told me to turn around one last time.  Thats when it happened. I have to start off by saying it was the MOST BEAUTIFUL THING I HAVE EVER SEEN.  It was a light that I swear could pierce right through your soul.  A huge flash of light like the sun was breaking the night beamed from beneath the clouds.  It was so bright and wide. I couldnt move or speak.  i just stood there......amazed.  This big flash stayed in the sky and then started to get smaller.  The brightness of the flash never left but it got smaller. at first I thought it started shrinking but then i realized it wasnt shrinking but it was moving this way. I grabbed my camera off my neck and started recording. This light became a ball of light and it was moving slowly over the water from Poughkeepsie and into Newburgh.  Me and my girlfriend are standing in the Torches parking lot.  This light is still moving and then it starts to split into two lights.  It split kind of like when cells do under a microscope or something like that. Now its two lights but they lights are not split. the two lights are side my side to each other. The two lights then turn to 3.  The third light appears on top the two lights like a triangle. You can see that it in the first video.  The videos are shaky in the beginning because i couldnt capture it.  It was so weird. With our eyes it was moving slow but on camera it was so fast that i had to constantly keep focusing in and out on it. In the other videos you can see more lights appear. I am still recording this thing come over the water and then it starts to get really close.  And so now its half way over the water and there is like 6 or 7 lights around this thing.  Whatever it was was completely flat. Its moving so slow and then i start to realize that it was way bigger than i thought it would be.  This craft had to be about 150 feet in the air.  Which i thought was real unusual since you dont see airplanes that close. The craziest thing about this ship was that it was so quiet. I have seen smaller planes that that thing make noise and be further away. So it didnt make any sense. Now this ship is coming over us and thats when i seen that my amazement turned to fear. This was not American made. I tried recording it but for some reason it would not show up. It was 11:00 pm and it was very dark outside so i know that didnt help. Whoever is reading this please understand that what i am about to tell you is 100% what me and my girlfriend saw and ill take a lie detector test to prove so. The ship was in the shape of a triangle like a pizza slice. One corner was red, the other was blue and the tip was orange. In the middle of it was about 5 to 6 huge orange lights. This ship made no noise and was flying but flying so slow. It was black or maybe even a dark gray. It was very wide. The lights were the most amazing part. because it was so bright. I couldnt see any writings or lettering on the ship. It then pasts us and starts to tilt into the sky. So basically from the time it left Poughkeepsie and got to us it seemed to be flying straight. But once it passed it and it started to tilt into the sky. It was still moving slow and flew until we couldnt see it anymore. Right off into the stars. My girlfriend can recant the whole story word for word. I turned around to look at her and she looked as though she saw a ghost. Everything was fun until it passed us. I always thought it would be cool to come in contact with a ufo but it didnt feel so. i felt terrified. That ! thing was massive. It was so silent. I couldnt believe noone seen anything. We were the only ones on that dock. Please listen to this. I dont know who you are or what you do. I am taking alot of risks by writing this to you but it needs to be told. Something or Someone is hiding something here. Because since then i continually see these bright orange lights. i see these lights rocks back and forth and some fade and then others come back. I have seen these lights make triangles and then dismember themselves. I dont know what you guys can do or what you guys will do. But i am telling you this is no hoax. after i typed in google ufo by beacon bridge ny and saw some amazing stuff. it was a forum called MUFON. I had posted my story and then someone commented and told me to write this. I am not looking for fame or money. I want answers. Because this stuff is real and scary and i see on the news all the time about other places seeing the kind of things i saw. As of late they have been happening more and more than ever before. i feel as though something apocalyptic is going to happe and happen soon. Please respond to this. i know contact is not feasible but if you are serious my post is on the http://forums.mufon.com/index.cgi?board=general&action=display&thread=350. I refuse to let my story be swept under the rug i am not crazy nor delusional. i am a graduate of 4 year university with a great job and a wonderful girlfriend and an amazing family. I am a ordinary person and a couple of ! months ago i would have laughed in someones face if they told me I would do this. I know what we saw.....I dont want the joke to be on us. Thank you for your time. I will be sending a video titled the 17th of February Sight.;41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
Massive triangle craft moving slowly near I-84. Had 3 white and One red light. At first I thought it was a place as I was driving, but;2019-09-19 07:40:00;4 minutes;Massive triangle craft moving slowly near I-84. Had 3 white and One red light.  At first I thought it was a place as I was driving, but as I got closer it looked like a football field drifting at a fairly low altitude.;41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
Driving west on I-84 I drove adjacent and under a massive aircraft with 3 white lights and a central red light.;2019-09-19 19:40:00;4 minutes;Driving west on I-84 I drove adjacent and under a massive aircraft with 3 white lights and a central red light. I was driving west bound on I-84, a few miles from the Hudson River crossing bridge into Newburgh NY and I noticed a massive (maybe 500ft) aerial vehicle, that had three white lights on the corners and an offset central red light.  The lights were a bit brighter than an airplanes and as I drove past it towards the east, it seemed to be gliding, fairly slowly towards the west along I-84 on the westbound side.  As my car was even with it I could see the underside of the craft and realized that it wasn’t a typical airplane, but my first impression was that it was a dark metal and looked like a “mother ship”.  It was fairly low in altitude (I approximate less than 800ft AGL, using my skills as an FAA licensed UAV Pilot).  After passing the craft, I was searching in my side view mirror for it, but couldn’t find it again.;41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
Flat all black almost like felt material coming toward road I was on. I thought it was a medical helicopter landing for a car accident,;2021-05-09 09:30:00;10 min;Flat all black almost like felt material coming toward road I was on. I thought it was a medical helicopter landing for a car accident, then it turned and kinda looked like a hang glider but it was so black i could not make out a good shape. I opened my window to listen for sound and there was none. I pulled car over and began to take video. It moved in many direction and then went straight up until i could not see it.  It was the size of a small helicopter, kinda of liked like a giant black batman, but more of a craft. Daylight busy road. Hovered over the Hudson River for about 5 mins.;41.5333035561875;-74.0484793741117
