Two large mother ships first witnessed merging together, and then observed silently passing over the northern edge of town.;1996-06-30 01:10:00;10 minutes;Two large mother ships first witnessed merging together, and then observed silently passing over the northern edge of town. Two very large mother ships were first observed across the lake approaching from the west. They appeared to be an iradescent glowing green from a distance, and seemed to fuse together twice while they were still approaching us. It was a Friday night at 1:10am and prior to noticing these UFO's, one witness first observed all of the stars in the sky shaking and pivoting in the sky. This was then confirmed by all other witnesses who saw exactly the same thing, before all of us were inclined to look to the west where we first saw the UFO's approaching from. The craft flew parallel with each other keeping a good distance between them, could have been a few hundred yards or more, and were silent. Their size was easily much larger than any suspected craft I had seen before, about several hundred feet long and very wide as well. As they got closer the green glow seemed to fade and their shape was something like a turtle shell oval shape but with the back flat. Many different lights glowed from the bottom, at least three rows of lights, with one particular constantly pulsating white light closest to the front of the craft. Some of these lights were strange iradescent changing colors I had never seen before. Nothing seemed to be in the back of the crafts to be powering the crafts forward, and the outer part of the ship was not itself lit, or glowing, or metallic. It seemed to be much more of a protective covering much like the turtle shell shape I mentioned earlier. The ships flew right over the north side of Lake Havasu City on a Friday night in the middle of the summer no less, so there had to be more witnesses like the hundreds of people that were probably still on the lake. The ships continued to the direct west and never appeared to be aware of our near presence, although we all experienced about 15-30 minutes of missing time prior to the sighting. This was noticed by the position of the moon in the sky both when we first all went outside, and then went back in in what seemed like a ten minute trip outside, but the moon had moved across the sky a good distance for it to only be ten minutes. No picures were taken, although they could have been, and that has always been a gigantic regret on my part and the witnesses involved. They themselves had never witnessed any sightings before this one, and I believe they still havent since. Myself, however, I have seen things since I was young and I still see things. But then again, I live in Alaska, and our skies are just as UFO active if not more active than the Arizona skies. I sincerely believe this sighting was something important in all of our lives, and the answer to who and what that was will come to us shortly. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));34.4642398601398;-114.234361538462
We saw a silent object with multiple lights that changed colors and a bright flash that appeared to be a 2nd object ejecting.;2000-12-05 20:15:00;1 1/2 - 2 minutes;We saw a silent object with multiple lights that changed colors and a bright flash that appeared to be a 2nd object ejecting. Last night (12/5/00) about 8:15PM I went outside to take some pictures of the Christmas lights my husband had put up during the day.  I took two pictures and then walked towards the end of the driveway to get another shot.  I caught movement out of the corner of my eye, looked up, and there was a bright light.  It was mostly gold with some red lights underneath.  The lights were steady and not blinking.  I couldn't see a shape in the light but there was something hanging down below the lights.  There was no sound coming from the object and it was close enough that I would have heard any noise it made. It was traveling at a steady height and speed.  Since I had my camera I took a couple pictures and then went in the house to get my husband so he could see it.  By then it was beside the house moving towards the back, so we went to the back patio.  As we got to the end of the patio where we could see the object there was a bright white flash and the colors changed going from gold to red and back to the original gold with the red lights on the bottom.  It looked like a second white light/object split from the first and went shooting off in a different direction.  Then the object was moving away from us and my husband clearly saw the red lights underneath.  There was still no sound.  The thing seemed to be floating.  The camera I used was digital and I downloaded the pictures right away.  They look black until they are enhanced.  The enhancements bring out some very strange details that don't seem to fit planes, helos or balloons.;34.4642398601398;-114.234361538462
3 red orbs ?;2005-04-07 08:30:00;10 sec;3 red orbs ? i saw 3 red orbs in sky of lake havasu city arizona they were the same looking orbs that i saw about 10 times in prescott valley a few years ago i moved to lake havasu about 3 years ago and this is the first time seeing them here. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  We do not know whether the witness implies a sighting during morning hours, or in the evening.  PD));34.4642398601398;-114.234361538462
Bright light moved moderate speed stoped and went oppsite direction;2008-01-31 18:30:00;10 seconds;Bright light moved moderate speed stoped and went oppsite direction Bright light went west then almost stoped and went east turned on its side a little bit it was kind of flat ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.4642398601398;-114.234361538462
metallic craft seen almost floating over lake havasu city;2008-04-04 15:00:00;5 minutes;metallic craft seen almost floating over lake havasu city ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.4642398601398;-114.234361538462
Orange Orbs on multiple nights and finally a large Mother ship also Orange.;2011-03-14 19:30:00;45 seconds;Orange Orbs on multiple nights and finally a large Mother ship also Orange. Orange Orbs March 14 2011   I am an avid sky watcher.  I want to make that point clear.  Since my first sighting in 1979 I have been quietly obsessed with our universe and the many cultures that abound throughout.  I want also to be clear that I rarely ever report what I see to anyone other than my friends and family. In August of 2010, I began to see Orange Orbs at fairly close range with the lot of my home either front or back yard being my vantage point.  The first one I saw was after sunset but prior to the dark of night.  While talking on the phone standing on my patio when, as if directed in some way, I turned my head and focused directly on the orange orb heading my direction and saw it clearly.  I told the person on the phone what I was witnessing, stating that this was a “good one”.  At best guess I would say the real size of the object was about 2 to 4 feet spherical.  The orange glow at least gave it the look of being spherical.  I figure it was at an altitude of 75 to 150 feet and maybe 200 yards downrange.  I always have binoculars on the table so I told my party I was reaching for them.  As I reached I knew that the orb was watching me.  I knew that it was reading my thoughts and when I grabbed the binoculars it, as best as I can describe, folded into thin air.  The total e! lapsed time was maybe 45 seconds. The next visit was just two evenings later.  This time I was in the front of my house.  While playing darts with my nephew, I received a phone call.  My dartboard is in the garage so I took my call to the driveway in the front of the house.  I am a pacer, especially when I talk on the phone: While pacing up and down my driveway, just like the last time, I was almost summoned to turn my head and look up.  I did and there it was again, the orange orb.  This time it was much closer to me.  It was visibly about three times the size of a basketball, slowly moving about twice the height of my one story rooftop, between my neighbor’s house and mine.  Again I told the party on the phone, “There is that orb again”.  “Wes check it out!”  (Wes is my nephew) I told him to hurry and grab those binoculars.  All the while I never took my eyes off of the orb.  It was communicating with me.  I could feel it.  And the moment Wes grabbed the binoculars and started toward me it, once again, fo! lded into thin air. This was two sightings in as many days and I could feel that the orb was aware of me and it knew that I was aware of it.  I might also mention that I have had a number of sightings I have lunched with Bob Lazar at a pizza place in Vegas.  Been to black box road several times, and so on.  These were the first “Orbs” that I have witnessed.  Well three nights later I had another visit.  This time I was just pacing in the driveway waiting for my pup to handle her business when I, as if someone called my name turned and looked right at the hovering orb.  This time it was a good 200 feet in altitude and over the middle of my street.  I stared for about 10 seconds, pointed to it and said, “Please don’t disappear again.” And backed into the garage trying to keep my eyes fixed and at the same time reaching for my binoculars and at risk of sounding insane, I felt it smile and just like that it folded into the night sky again.  At this point I am sure that there is something big happ! ening.  I do not mean in general.  That is obvious.  I mean specifically with me.  I thought finally after all these years of trying to telepathically reach out, someone is picking up the cottin pickin phone. Nights   turned into weeks, they quickly turned into months.  Each night diligently going out to call to the orb while stargazing and nothing except for maybe one sighting about 1000 yards down the street and higher in altitude but I am only 70 percent sure that was the orb.  That is until tonight.  While playing darts again in my garage, I stepped to the driveway and pointed calling, “Dude, tell me you are seeing that.”  This was not the orb but a huge ship!  Much higher, I would say 1500 to 3000 feet in altitude, maybe 1.5 to 3 miles down range, and glowing like a mini sun but it was longer top to bottom then left to right, it split into 4 equal size large orbs that slightly angled toward the ground, then, immediately went back to one, back to two larger at an angle again back to 1 large round, then stretched upward and blipped out. I have witnessed some very awesome stuff.  This ranks in the top three for me of all time.  My nephew could not believe that finally after hearing me talk about ufos and aliens for years he finally saw that.  It was a short sighting but a very fantastic one.  Of course I checked out all of the obvious possibilities knowing full well that what we had seen was genuine.  I have seen almost the identical thing on a post on some website, and I believe it was a film from Norway.  I could be wrong on that.  Needless to say it was significant enough to warrant this report.  I would like to hear of the many comparisons that are out there.  I know that we are and have been visited here since the beginning.  My being is fully aware of the endosymbiotic relationship that we all share with one another, with our Creator, and with the Planet, Galaxy and the Universe.  I spend countless hours as a crack researcher from UFOs to Mars anomalies, to alien races, underground bases, and the whol! e lot of it.  I throw out most hang on to some and dig into others.  I have always had a connection with space for some reason, as a child I was so afraid of ufos I would not sleep in my room alone until about the 8th grade and that was in 1979 I think.  I do not think I was ever abducted at least I do not think I was.  I may be privy to something I am not yet aware of but that is yet to be revealed.  I have the gift of sight and can see things in people that freak me out still.  Most of my closest friends know me as “The Profit.”  I simply can see through some sort of window when prompted to do so. Anyway, I just felt compelled to put this one on the record.  I will continue to look for them every night and will report back if they continue.  If you are in the know keep digging, if you are skeptical, look up once in a while, you will eventually be shown. If you are a government official, I feel sorry for you.  Just kidding, but if you are, help bring full disclosure.  We as a race deserve the truth.  Peace to all and may your spirit find its source and one day know it.;34.4642398601398;-114.234361538462
V Pattern Lights Fly Silently over Lake Havasu City AZ;2011-04-14 20:00:00;1 minute;V Pattern Lights Fly Silently over Lake Havasu City AZ May 22, 2011  Re: UFO Sighting Lake Havasu City,  AZ. Dear Sir or Madam:   I own a salon in the Uptown District of Lake Havasu City, AZ.  On April 14, 2011, I was leaving work about 8 pm.  I had called my husband with my cell phone and had him on speaker so he could  walk me to my car.  It was already dark outside and my car is parked in the rear parking lot of my business. As I was walking south towards my car, I noticed that the school located across the street had its field lit up.  Directly above the glow of those lights above the field, there was a formation that looked at first like birds when they are in the V pattern.  As it got closer it grew brighter & brighter until I realized those weren’t birds, but lights in a very distinct V flying directly overhead, just slightly east of where I was standing.  I remember 2 rows of 4 lights (7 total).  I was shouting on the phone for my husband to run outside and go up onto our deck to try to see what I was seeing.  I remember there was no sound whatsoever.  I was shaking, as I could not believe my eyes.  The entire experience lasted approximately one minute from the time I saw it come into view, fly across & vanish. As it went further towards the north towards Vegas, it simply vanished one light at a time.  My husband was still on the phone with me and both he and my son were up on the deck looking for what I had just witnessed.  They saw nothing.  I have no idea if anyone else in Lake Havasu saw what I saw too. I was so shaken up by the event that I forgot to load my laundry hamper into the back of my car and drove off without it.  I immediately called my mother and told her about it on my way home.  I didn’t really know what to do or who to report it to until I did a little more investigating on the Internet today. I hope this information helps in some way.;34.4642398601398;-114.234361538462
