Close incounter over Sultan Basin;1981-08-15 10:40:00;five minutes;Close incounter over Sultan Basin In the summer of 81 my children and I were camping at Sultan basin above the town of Sultan in Washington. It was the night of the eclipse also Seattle was having its air show. My daughter was at another camp playing cards and I had taken my three sons to a neighbor’s camp to watch the eclipse. When it was finished we headed back to go to bed. As we came under the trees at our camp sight we heard a strange rotary sound as though rock was being ground in a circular Mattoon upon stone. As the noise came closer it slowed in the cycles of the sound. It stopped directly above our camp and a white light, brighter then I have ever seen made a pillar of light down into the camp. The boys who were about eight ten and eleven began to scream in a horrified whale as I tried to run out to the creek so I could see the UFO. No mom they screeched at me as I tried to escape then and run to the river. They clung to me so horrified that I could only comfort them and tell them it was all right. Then the thing began to grind faster and faster and even faster as the light moved away from us. Finally it sounded like a great whirring insect. Friends of ours were coming home up the mountain. As they pulled in and the boys ran to them they informed us they had just seen an orange ball of lightning. No one in the camp area, and it was full had seen or heard anything and there seamed to be a laps of time. The following day I went into the small town to get groceries. I heard several people discussing the UFO they had seen the previous night. Two years later as I told my story around the campfire at our camp at Sultan Basin a fellow camper ask me if this had happened in Aug. I said it had and he proceeded to tell me of the experience he had had that same night. He said he had seen it and that it was large and disk shaped and had shined a light down into his camp. He said he had shot at it before it took off and disappeared into an orange ball and faded out of sight, He said it whirred. The following year my daughter saw a disk shaped object hovering above the horizen. She ran home afraid. She was seventeen at that ime and her friend also saw it. Through the years we camped at that same spot. At night you could hear a whirring sound like mashinery comming from a distance. There were many sightings throughout those years. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));47.8589;-121.7369
