I saw the triangle lights more than once;1997-07-15 01:00:00;1 minute;I saw the triangle lights more than once We had built a fire and was having a cook-out. After we was finished I was laying on the recliner outside and watching for shooting stars. When I saw What i thought was a satelite. Then another and another and more followed. They were crossing right in front of each other. I dont figure they was at the samed altitude. Or there would have been some very close calls. Anyways, they all just kind of parted and went there own seperate ways. Then I said Look, Look at those three stars, which I knew they wasnt stars it was just the only thing I could think at the time. They flew right through where the other objects had just been. It was moving from North to South. Then we saw them the very next night. They was moving East to West. Still a perfect triangle moving the same speed across the sky but this past summer I have seen them again and they was not a perfect triangle. Instead it had a extra light and one of the others was not shining I will mail you a picture of what I mean. All together sense the first time I saw these lights, I have probably seen them 5 times. The past three has been a different shape but in a broken up triangular form. If that makes any sense to you. ((NUFORC Note:  One of two reports from same witness, different dates.  We suspect that the witness may have observed the three satellites that fly in formation, and which are thought to be part of the U. S. Navy NOSS satellite system.  Just a guess.  PD));39.5093;-79.8095
Dark-colored, silent, hovering triangle with red and white lights.;2013-10-15 23:30:00;1 minute;dark-colored, silent, hovering triangle with red and white lights In mid-October of 2013, between 11:30 PM and 12:00 AM, I saw a dark-colored, triangular shaped UFO in the sky over the Reedsville, WV, area. This UFO had 4 lights:  1 white in the center and 3 smaller red ones in each corner. I cannot accurately gauge the size or altitude of this UFO, however, a cloud did pass beneath it. It appeared, hovered silently, and disappeared within the span of a minute.  I did not see it actually move. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.5093;-79.8095
