Small flashes of white light in a clear blue sky;2016-04-02 14:30:00;10 minutes;small flashes of white light in a clear blue sky My friend and I were driving south on 90 headed into Navasota.  I was driving and my friend was a passenger. I saw them first.  Just before I past the navasota livestock auctionhouse, I noticed a flash in the sky.  It was quick.  At first I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, but then I saw one again in a different area.  I asked my friend if he saw them and he said no.  After a few seconds though, I was able to get him to see what I was seeing.  It was a small white light.  It was as if someone from up high in a mountain was signaling down with a mirror, but there was nothing but bright blue clear sky behind it.  The light would last less than 10 seconds and disappear, then reappear in another spot in the same general area.  They never reappeared in the same spot twice. Sometimes, I felt like I could kinda start to make out something physical attached to the light, but as soon as my eyes would adjust to what I was looking at,  It would blink off again.  It was too! far away for me to make out any details other than the light.  At first I thought they were airplanes but there were so many so close together, I was convinced that the faa would never let that happen.  Then I though it could have been radio towers, but then I noticed a radio tower underneath them and could clearly see that they were easily 5-10x higher than the towers below.  There were no red or green indicator lights that aircraft should have.  After my friend and I exhausted all conceivable possibilities of what it could be, we decided to pull into annie's gas station and get a video.  From annies we could get a better view of them.  I could tell from that location that it seemed like they were originating from south over the Prarieview/Hempstead area.  I was able to catch at least 10+ of these flashes on viedo.  I shot a total of 3 videos from 2 phones.  All 3 videos you can see the phenomena.  2 videos are shot simultaneously with each other so as to offer so evidence of authenticity.  2 of the videos are shot in 4k, and the other one is shot in 1080.;30.3587;-96.0631
