Large white light surrounded by flashing red/green lights;2010-01-29 02:20:00;12-15 minutes;Large white light surrounded by flashing red/green lights On Friday, January 29, 2010, at 2:20 in the morning I walked past our sliding door and saw a large (6 times larger and brighter than Jupiter) light that looked like a giant star, very bright just above the eastern horizon. I could see a little bit of twinkling like you sometimes see around a star, but could see some red color. I got the binoculars to look and this large white center light had pulsing green and red lights the whole way around it. It was just above the tree line on the horizon. I ran to get my camera, took a couple pictures inside and tried unsuccessfully to get the flash off.  I went outside on the deck and took a couple of pictures of it. All of this took about ten minutes. The entire time it remained still. I ran upstairs to wake my husband who came down. He looked out through the sliding door and said it was gone. However, when we got out on the deck, beyond the roof, we saw it again about 10-15 degrees higher in the sky, still not moving, just staying still.  It started to move fast toward  our house. When it got close we could briefly hear a humming noise. When I could no longer see it from the deck I ran inside and out the front door. Just that quickly it was completely gone. We live in the country with no outside lights so the sky is dark and visible from one horizon to the next. The red and green lights were not airplane lights as we see those fairly often.  These lights totally surrounds the bright circle of light and were all flashing. The picture that I took shows groups of lights that look like they are hooked together with lines. The numerous lights, although not colored, are fairly accurate. The lines, I think, are from my not holding the camera completely still.  The picture was taken with a Kodak digital and only shows a faint light in the center of the picture. When I put it on the computer and zoomed in you could see different lights. We have lived here since 1969 and have never seen anything like this.;40.9439;-78.9688000000001
