MASSIVE CRAFT WITH COLORFUL LIGHTS APPEAR INSTANTLY ON HIGHWAY 16 WEST OF U.S.31 IN INDIANA;2000-10-15 20:30:00;10 minutes;MASSIVE CRAFT WITH COLORFUL LIGHTS APPEAR INSTANTLY ON HIGHWAY 16 WEST OF U.S.31 IN INDIANA I was driving with my daughter on our way home from a visit in Lucerne, Indiana  when i noticed  something very large in size appear out of my drivers side window very close to the ground for any aircraft  traveling at a slow  rate of speed as if flying to the moon (which i think was full or for the most part). It seemed to be directly in the middle of the moon. Now this craft was very large in size and was lit up all over and just appeared out of nowhere. I mean literally that it was if someone just turned on a bunch of colorful lights.We were traveling eastbound on highway 16 towards U.S. 31and approximately 12-15 miles from GRISSOM AFB. When it appeared i kinda shook my head to make sure i was seeing correctly and turned to the back to look at my daughter, who had fallen off to sleep. I look to my left and it was still there traveling slowly heading in a eastern direction. I then look to the south where GAFB is located and notice in the southern, southern east and straight east sky a numerous amount of aircraft. At this time the large craft ,what i would describe now was in a triangular or a diamond shape that seemed to be picking up speed and gaining altitude. At the first moment i spotted this craft out of my drivers side window (which would be the north) i instantly was like WHOA!! But now that it had been gaining speed i  tried to keep up at a rate of about 80mph but thought that it was not wise to jeopardize my daughters life traveling at a high rate of speed to try to catch something that is impossible to catch. Anyway, this craft from what i could see was now very far from me to the point that i had lost sight of it all together, but the planes were still in the air. i myself had a hard time putting this altogether because i have been really inerested in ufo's but when this sighting happened i thought no way  someone like me that is on the look out for them could actually encounter one.  I firmly believe that this was the real deal and can't really tell anyone for they would call me crazy. I ! have rep orted another encounter to you most recently on large yellow lights in sky hovering. I have no idea what triggered me to recount this, but it is not the only ones i have witnessed. I have also seen one yellow hovering light that has changed location and on another account of a huge red fire ball with blue and yellow tint of what seemed to be a meteorite kind of decending at an angle.  Again, this fire ball just appeared out of nowhere and rather instantly. I hope all this and my other report will be taken under consideration for investigation for all of them have been in the same vicinity of GRISSOM AFB. I don't understand it all but wonder what the significants is with me seeing these objects all around the same area. Once again this craft was intensly bright a huge and have all been around the same time except for the fireball of some sort which occured around 11:30p.m.;40.8606;-86.4044
