Lights inside a cloud-like covering over a pond.;1993-12-01 02:30:00;1/2 hour but not sure;Lights inside a cloud-like covering over a pond. I am about the most skeptical person you will ever meet but after about 15 yeas I am going to recount an experience that I and my wife had. I have only spoken about his with my wife since but it is still very much in our memory. Extremely clear and, in fact about the most clear memory I have from my past. That in itself is very odd to me.  It was early winter (Dec/Jan) 1993 and we were living in a rented house on a pond in Windham, NH. I was sleeping at about 2:30 am and was awoken by light dancing on the ceiling of our bedroom. It was not that unusual as the pond water would reflect car headlights going by. The odd part was that I felt threatened and actually a little scared and I am not sure why. I am a pretty big guy and not much scares me, but this was very creepy. I do not know why, but I got up and went to the back yard. When I looked up I saw what appeared to be a round cloud (like a big cotton ball) about the size of a tractor trailer, slowly rising and hovering at the other end of the pond. Inside this cloud were several lights that were pulsing on and off. They were blue and white and the “cloud” material seemed to expand and contract around it, almost like liquid. There was absolutely no noise at all.  I actually do not remember getting to the shore of the pond or even leaving the house but when I realized what I was looking at I was completely amazed. I do not remember being afraid at all but what is a bit frightening now is how I got to the shoreline of the pond. This loss of memory has never happened to me before. That really haunts me because I have no absolutely no memory of it. At this point I went back into the house and woke my wife up. I asked her to come outside and she did. It was still there and she saw it. It had moved a little further away and higher in altitude (I would guess it started at 100 feet and when my wife saw it, it was at 500 feet) We stood there for a few minutes and didn’t say anything. She looked at me and said “let’s go in”.  As we went back to the house I do not remember if it was still there. That is another thing that really haunts me. We went back to bed and looked at each other and were pretty much too amazed to talk. I do not remember falling asleep but I did and as soon as I woke up for work I asked my wife if she remembered it and she just said, yes. I asked her to describe it and she did to a tee. After that she asked if we could not talk about it. She was clearly shaken by something neither of us could explain.  Every now and again we do talk about it but never with anyone else. I know this sounds weird but this is coming from a guy who just does not believe any of the UFO stuff. Even today I find myself doubting every report I hear but I listen closely to see if what is being reported is described as a cloud with lights pulsing inside of it. I have yet to hear a report that comes close to what I saw so I will just leave it at that. I am a professional manager with a large software company. I still live in NH. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.801;-71.3085
Streek-of-Light  moving East-to-West over Route-93 north in Windham NH;2003-02-09 05:30:00;30 sec;Streek-of-Light  moving East-to-West over Route-93 north in Windham NH It was 5:30 on a monday morning, I had just left work in Ma, and was heading home to Derry NH.  The weather was clear skys, very very cold wind chill around -20. I was driving north on Rt:93 in between exit #2 and # 3, there was light traffic in front of me, about 3 or 4 cars, distanced greatly. There is a police cut out road to the left of me that I pass, and I big cell tower I can just about see with it's blinking red light- just coming into view. Out of no where this light comes streeking thru the sky from east to west. The color was an intence white, ( like the color of a laser as it starts to bore though metal ) Flashy bright.  This thing  moved so fast it was gone behind the tree line in a blink of an eye. I know the other drivers saw it, due to them hitting there breaks, and there lights going on as it passed.  The object if sizing from where I was, was about an- inch above the blinking tower, and was about the size of the tip of a match, *if you hold your hand extened outward. It seemed to leave a very light tail behind it. I have seen shooting stars, but this thing was bigger than anything I have ever seen, and due to it's direction, it did not appear to be decending, but moving from right to left. But it had the speed of a shooting star.  Right after it passed, there was a jet with red blinking lights, that came over passed the cell tower on the same course that the streek moved on,  but it was moving much much much slower.;42.801;-71.3085
