Saw large rectangular object apparently cloaking itself in Tn. in 1990;1999-10-22 01:30:00;30 min;Saw large rectangular object apparently cloaking itself in Tn. in 1990 Hi there,I just discovered your sight not long ago while pursing stories of ufo sighting in Mexico. Anyway I was curious and went to your archives and lo and behold a posting of 3/9/2004 drew my attention. I believe it was from Va. The report read that the person saw a large rectangular craft.......had a starry looking underside and so on. well this really blew me away because in Oct. of 1990 I saw something that was very similiar. I was living in Ripley Tn at the time. My dog woke me up about 1:00 a.m. barking his head off. Thinking that maybe something was wrong with my horses I grabbed a flashlight and went outside to investigate. Seeing that the horses were fine, I found the dog barking in the back yard and looking up. At the time I didn't think to look up, but did hear a low hum like you'd hear from power lines only a bit deeper and louder. I got the dog around to the front yard and sat on the front porch steps to have a cig.Anyway I looked up to the sky since it was a clear and starry night and noticed a huge patch of stars that seemed to be very close.(meanwhile the dog is still whining and distressed and I keep hearing this low humming noise) all of a sudden this patch of stars starts moving and then I could see this huge rectangular outline ariund the whole thing. It must have been the lenth of at least 2 football fields and was at least as 3/4 the width of a football field. To tell the truth I was pretty shaken at this point but I couldn't move...... this thing wasn't that high only ,maybe 300 feet. Then it started sorta of floating to the South towards Memphis. It seemed to have come from the North. The humming stopped,a few of the star like lights flashed and it just moved on. I had never seen anything like this in my life.Finally when it was out of sight I went back inside and my daughter who was 12 at the time yelled out Mom, why were you out so long? I just told her at the time I was checking the horses. I can tell you this....I laid awake a long time that night pondering all this and the next morning felt sort of addled but I know what I saw and have never forgot it. The only people I've ever shared this with was my daughter when she was grown, my mom and my husband of 7 years. But when I found someone who'd seen something so similiar and so recent I just had to share this. I hope you put this in the recent postings so that! if anyone else has seen something like this,maybe they'll come forward to. Thanks for letting me get this off my chest! I am 48 years old and not an avid ufo seeker though I do like to stargaze and if a ufo shows up fine but since this happened have had 2 more sightings one 3 years afo of the classic triangle of lights and another in March of a phere shaped objuect seen in broad daylight. My husband was with me and saw the last two himself. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.7485999999999;-89.5352999999999
