Space suit looking things and object in the woods;1980-08-30 16:00:00;30 minutes;Space suit looking things and object in the woods I was 15 at the time and I was outside by myself throwing bouncing a basketball while the rest of my family was inside the house.  I had a weird feeling I was being watched.  So I looked around and saw (the only way I can really describe it) is like a silver space suit type thing on the side of the house.  But it was only there for one second.  From where I was standing I could see both sides of the house.  One second later it was on the other corner.  Then back again.  I don't know if there was several or if that one just moved faster than light.  I wasn't afraid of them.  I was scared because it was unknown to me.  I started shaking and went into the house and never said a word to anyone in my family.  When I walked in the front door I locked it and deadbolted it.  I walked upstairs and saw my family all watching a T.V. show.  I didn't say anything, because I thought they would think I was crazy.  I went to the big patio door and locked that to.  Then I went to take a shower.  As I was in the shower, the house started to shake and I heard this loud noise.  I hurried up and got out and threw my clothes on and ran into the living room.  My dad was the only one there.  I said where is everyone, and he said outside watching a spaceship or something.  I went running outside and my mother and brothers and sisters were watching this thing that they said had come out of our woods and shot to the sky so fast and was making this loud noise.  All I could see was the dot way up in the sky.  They said it shot out of the woods so fast you couldn't see what it was.  At that time I told my mom my little story.  I don't think she would have believed me, but she said she did because when they went to run outside they couldn't get the door open because I had locked all the locks.  About a week later, my mom and dad were home alone and that same noise came back and the house started to shake and they lost electricity.  Only some beams were shining down from an object in the sky which they couldn't see onto our patio. ! Our hou se was on a cliff off a creek off the river.  They said it hovered there for awhile with the lights than just went away.  I was a paralegal for 10 years and now run a flooring business and business center with my husband.  Its weird because it seems like after that happened, no one in my family, including myself, after talked about it.  Its almost like you forget until years later.  I have just recently in the last few years, told only a few people.  And of course they just laugh at me.  I do believe there are a lot of hoaxes out there, but I have to believe there is something, because I saw like silver suited, what I think were beings, and they couldn't have been from this planet, because they moved to fast in second intervals.  So thats my story. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.6822;-92.9633
Possible prior sighting similar to 16 Feb 2004 Amityville, NY;1996-07-25 01:30:00;15-20 min;Possible prior sighting similar to 16 Feb 2004 Amityville, NY On this night my girlfriend and I were camping in the back 40 of a friends farm and had gone out raccoon hunting.  About 01:30 we decided to call it a night and started walking back to our tent which was across a hay field from the woods we were in.  As we got to the tent I turned and looked to the east and saw what I thought were aircraft wingtip strobes out about 2-3 miles.  I didn't think much of it at the time so we went about getting the rifles cleaned and put away for the night.  For some reason I looked back in that same direction about 5 minutes later and the lights were still there.  I brought this to my girlfriends attention and had her hand me my rifle scope.  I removed the red dot sight, attached the scope to the rifle, and set the bipod on the car roof to get a steady look at this strange set of lights.  When I got the scope on the lights the were not in fact sitting still but moving very slightly from side to side.  I thought that could be from my breathing but then remembered that I had set the bipod.  I told her it must be a helicopter just hovering out there for some reason and put the rifle away. As we turned back to watch it some more, it moved about a half mile from it's original position and then started west.  I told her, I guess now we'll find out what it is.  Whatever it was passed about a quarter mile to the north of us in just a few seconds, and it made no sound at all, no rotor noise, no engine noise.  We looked at each other and I asked if she'd heard anything and she said no.  Well, we both got the willies and decided that we were definatly calling it a night and went to bed.  I thought that I would share this with you because I just read the report from Amityville, NY.  We weren't able to see a shape but I don't know of any aircraft military or civilian that can move that fast without any sound.;45.6822;-92.9633
