A large clearly visible object that moved at low and high rates of speed and joined 3 other objects.;2001-04-24 13:15:00;2 minutes;A large clearly visible object that moved at low and high rates of speed and joined 3 other objects. On Tuesday, April 24th, I was walking north to my truck.  Out to the west I saw what appeared to be a large bird which I assumed at first to be a soaring eagle.  I watched it glide for a few seconds before deciding it must be a guy hang gliding.  It was below the skyline of the mountains.  It was to the west of our home.  What I assumed to be a hang glider because of its shape and proximity to the mountains was earth-toned, brown, beige and white.  However, these colors seem inadequate in describing the colors I saw at first.  As I continued to watch what then appeared to be a hang glider swoop side to side dipping and circling it then began to spin and rise flopping end over end. Then, trying to make sense of what I was seeing, thought it was a large piece of debri being blown around by the wind because its movement was so irratic.  I watched as it rose higher and became smaller,about the size of a large star. It then stopped for maybe 2 seconds.  Then it traveled at a high rate of speed to the west, it stopped and traveled at a high rate of speed to the east.  Its shape had changed to round and white or silver.  I then saw 3 more what now appeared to be orb like spheres or balls the size of large stars darting back and forth in incredible directions and formation.  These objects where perfectly round and appeared to be silver metallic as they reflected or shimmered a little light.  I watched these 4 continue to interact until they were the size of pin heads and then no longer visible.  It was a perfectly calm day with beautiful blue clear skies and no wind.  I was left very excited, awed and wowed.  The total time elapsed from when I first  noticed this object was approzimately 2 minuted maybe longer.  The size of the object was aproximately 1/3 to 1/4 the size of a full moon and became smaller the higher it rose.  I called my wife on her cell phone during my siting so when I get my cell phone bill I will know the exact time and length of my siting. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length with this witness, and we believe he is exceptionally credible.  His recollection of the event was very clear, and his account of the event was very eloquent and precise.  We suspect the report probably is quite accurate.  PD));43.4408;-114.2474
