Red green and blue lights hovering with strange flight pattern then lands;2011-09-28 00:00:00;7 minutes;Red green and blue lights hovering with strange flight pattern then lands Around 11 me and four other college students were sitting outside at a picnic table outside our dorms.  My friend saw something in the sky and made a joke about the area being a no fly zone so we all looked up to see what it was.  It was far away and we all saw very bright blue and red lights on the object. It was just hovering and then it quickly went down diagonally to the left then went right.  We thought that was odd and then it just slowly dropped straight down. After about ten minutes of waiting for it to come back up we gave up.  Me and my roommate went to walk to the gas station (also the direction of where it went down at) and the others went inside.  On our way back from the gas station we saw a disc shaped object overhead flying past us.  At first we didn't hear anything but later as it was way past, almost hard to still see it, we heard it loud and clear and it seemed as it was right above us although nothing was in the sky except the disc and it was far past us by then. We assumed it broke the sound barrier…  When we got back we met up with one of the other people that went inside earlier.  As we were sitting at the table again I was staring at the sky and our of nowhere I saw the first bright light flying object again.  I pointed it out to them and this time it was a lot closer.  It was extremely bright with alternating green blue and red lights.  Sometimes you could see all of the lights at once and sometimes they were all one color.  It had a very strange flight pattern and was just hovering for 5-10 minutes and going in strange directions.  Eventually it slowly went down again just like the first thing we saw. As we were watching it our friend was coming back from the library and we pointed it out to him and turned a non believer into a believer. I got one low quality picture of it when it was far away. I tried taking a video of it but my phone (which was at 40%) died.  I got a short video where you can see a light hovering and you can slightly see change of color in the lights.  But after about fifteen seconds of hovering it started taking off going diagonally up and to the right and my phone died and said I needed to connect to power.  Eventually I plugged my phone in and the battery was instantly back to 41% (assuming that was just an odd coincidence but my phone has never done that before… weird)  We waited for about a half hour to see it again but we never saw it come back up.  There was absolutely no possible it was a plane or helicopter… we couldn't relate it to anything we saw before.  We were in awe.;41.1413078085638;-81.3444962216618
