The object that we saw was a massive oval that produced a loud thruming noise as it passed.;2017-08-02 23:35:00;5 minutes;The object that we saw was a massive oval that produced a loud thruming noise as it passed. On the night of 8/02/2017, I went to bed at about 11:00 pm.  At about 11:30 pm, my son came knocking at the door saying you need to come out and see this thing.   When I walked out side and went behind our shop I saw a ring of lights that appeared to go around this extremely large dark object,  The lights flashed one at a time and went around the object clockwise.  What really was amazing was the size, it seemed to take up a third of the western sky.   The other thing that we noticed was the noise it was producing,  It sounded like a steady thrum and was vibrating things around us.   It slowly moved of to the west and faded from sight.  The sky was fairly dark due to smoke from fire and the light was subdued from the smoke.  Stars were visible were the object wasn't but we were awed by the area it occupied.   My son grabbed my cell phone and tried to record it and mainly got the sound.  The lights on the object were white. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite credible and sincere, as did his son.  Please see the similar report regarding a similar sighting a few minutes later near Lincoln, WA, on the Columbia River.  PD));47.1258;-117.2429
Object seen around Steptoe Butte, near Oakesdale, WA.;2017-08-02 23:43:00;10 minutes;Object seen around Steptoe Butte. On 08/02/2017, at approximately 1143 pm, I went outside my house to turn my sprinkler off for the night.  After I had done so I could hear a very loud hum.  I looked to the sky facing southwest and I could see 20 to 25 white lights going in a clockwise motion across the sky.  The lights were attached to something very large and were blinking in the clockwise sequence around an object.   The area that these lights covered took up most of the horizon.  The area around the lights was totally blacked out, you could see no stars or the moon at all.   While I watched the object and lights, it did not appear to be moving.  If it was moving it appeared to be doing so very slowly.  The loud humming sound was definitely coming from the direction of the lights.  It was a very odd sound, not like an airplane.  The sound was more like a pulsing hum, but very loud.  In fact, you could feel the vibration from the sound.   After watching the object for a couple of minutes, I ran and got my Dad out of bed so he could see this as well.  My dad brought his cell phone with him so we could try to film this. I have uploaded that video to youtube.  My dad also was able to witness the object as well.   We watched this thing for another minute or two as it began to travel to the Northwest away from us.  We were able to see the lights still going in a clockwise sequence around the object until it faded out of our view.   The youtube video, which is too dark for me to see anything, is more of an audio clip, if the volume is up you can hear the hum though.  Here is the web address for the video, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcC0PR1Af8M;47.1258;-117.2429
