Unusual lights seen over a swamp south of South Bend, WA;2014-03-01 20:00:00;~2 minutes;Unusual lights seen over a swamp south of South Bend, WA. This occurred on March 1st, 2014, in Washington State. I’m not sure what I saw but considering the details which I will provide here, I am having a hard time coming up with a “good” explanation. I live in a small town along the Washington coast just west of the city of Aberdeen. On March 1st I was driving to my friends home in the town of Long Beach, Washington, which is south of where I live.  I was driving south on Hwy 101, not too far south of the town of South Bend.  I had Willapa Bay out my right side window and a swampy area that drains into the bay on my left side. I’m not sure of the time but I did back tracking and I think it was about 8pm.  I was at the location described and I noticed there were lights off to my left.  Either they were really small, or some distance away-I can’t be sure because it was dark.  I noticed I think 4 lights that from what I can tell were motionless, but I can’t be sure because my truck was moving-but they appeared that way anyway. What caught my attention a lot was that they were directly at my 9:00 O'Clock position-not up in the sky.  They changed colors constantly.  I remember seeing red, blue, orange and maybe green but I’m not sure about that last one.  When I realized they were not up in the air but either on top of, or just over the swampy area, I slowed my truck down considerably (just creeping along) because I wanted to see if anything was making a sound out there but all I could hear was a lot of frogs.  I got some video on my phone/camera (not really good video-quite short) and as soon as I stopped the truck they began moving very fast, they seemed to move to the north of me quite fast.  And one of them just blinked out. I have no idea what I saw and really don’t plan on telling too many people.  I made that mistake already and people think I’m a goon.  I learned my lesson with that. The weather at that time was overcast (I couldn’t really see any stars or the moon), it was a wet weekend and there had been lots of rain coming and going but was not raining at that time. I have lived in various places along the south Washington State coast all my 64 years.  I know all the towns and all the roads.  The traffic was light at the time this happened. I am not aware if there has been anything like this reported in this area I know there’s plenty of stories of weird sea creatures washing up on the ocean beaches.  But that’s about it.;46.6544;-123.8203
