Triangle craft flying low with two red lights in back and a white light in the middle.;2016-10-20 06:00:00;20 seconds;Triangle craft flying low with two red lights in back and a white light in the middle Woke up one morning while getting ready for school heard a low deep noise coming from the back of my home  I quickly ran to my back window and saw a large triangle shaped craft flying fast and low over the skyline.  The sky was somewhat dark but clear skies.  The craft had two red lights on the back (not blinking) and one white light in the middle of it, somewhat like a spotlight.  The craft quickly passed over the trees to where I couldn't see it anymore and the sound dissipated.   After the craft passed the trees the chickens I raise started acting uneasy running around frantically like something was chasing them. I live in a rural town with only woods behind my home.  Due to the little pollution in my area I regularly watch the skies looking at different planes.  This craft was not like anything I had seen before.;41.7681;-73.0665
Triangle craft with 3 bright lights traveling low and fast;2017-04-01 22:45:00;2 minutes;Triangle craft with 3 bright lights traveling low and fast I was driving home Saturday night (10:45 p.m.) April 1, 2017, on a quiet back road and while I drove up a hill close to my home I saw two bright white lights sitting in the sky almost like stadium lights.  As I drove closer to the lights and closer to my home I saw that there was actually 3 white lights and the lights formed the shape of a triangle. It is hard to estimate the size of the craft and the height of it but this craft was lower than any other plane that I've seen in my life.  I stopped in the middle of the road to try and take a picture, at this point I realize the craft is moving and is moving pretty quickly southeast.  I quickly take one picture that didn't turn out well and drove quickly to my home about 200 yards away,  I race inside to gather the attention of my family and by the time I got my family and I out on the deck the craft had just passed over the tree line. The night sky was clear there were very little clouds in the sky so the visibility was clear the moon was in a waxing crescent phase so it wasn't giving off much light.  The 3 white lights of the craft were extremely bright, brighter than any star or plane I've seen.;41.7681;-73.0665
