Strange chemtrail formation over southwestern Nebraska.;2013-02-26 18:30:00;25 minutes;Strange chemtrail formation over southwestern Nebraska At 6:30 p.m. CDT on Tuesday, February 26th, 2013, I was driving a taxi westbound on Interstate 80 in south-central Nebraska from Kearney to Lexington to pick up a customer and transport him eastward.  The sun had just disappeared behind a dark strip of clouds which extended low across the western horizan.  There was also a large blanket of dark clouds overhead which extended westward just far enough to leave a horizontal strip of much brighter and clearer sky between the two dark cloud banks.  With the sun setting behind the lower cloud bank, view of the western horizan was quite clear. In the area of clearer skyline, I suddenly noticed an unusually long, thick, white and roughly-textured chemtrail.  It was descending southward at an angle from the lower edge of the overhead cloud and then sharply turned back to continue angled descent toward the north.  The turn was so sharp that the chemtrail, just beginning it's northward descent, was beginning to form a V tipped sideways.  I also noted quite visible shadow outlining of the chemtrail, but I'm certain that the sunset occurring in the background was responsible for that. As I said before, the lower area of the chemtrail was just beginning it's northward descent.  Fascinated by the unusual formation, I realized that the lower section was being formed as I watched.  I can only speculate at how far away this chemtrail was from my location.  But Nebraska skies are typically clear for great distances and therefore, I'd speculate that it was forming over the south-western Nebraska airspace between McCook and North Platte. Because of the distance, I could not descern what was forming the chemtrail.  However, the object was obviously descending very quickly, disappearing behind the lower cloud bank within a matter of less than 15 seconds from initiation of the turn.  Given my estimation of the distance being nearly 100 miles from my current location, whatever was creating this formation had to be traveling very fast.  For a moment, I wondered if it were a meteor.  But those do not reverse course.  As soon as the object disappeared behind the cloud bank, the! entire chemtrail, which later remained remarkably solid in appearance until full sunset, turned black.  Again, I assume this was due to shadowing from the sun setting behind it. Now these are the reasons I think I was seeing something unusual.  First, the airports across this region of Nebraska are limited in aircraft size and do not typically handle large aircraft landings.  The angle of descent of the object made it appear as though it were indeed in the process of landing.  Smaller jets which are typical to airports in this region only rarely create visible chemtrails.  While larger jets do fly over the area on a regular basis, they appear to be at a much greater altitude, make no obvious descent, produce only thin and straight chemtrails, and only make gradual turns.  Additionally, I home school my teen son and we frequently watch videos on flight, space exploration and physics.  What I witnessed strongly reminded me of videos I've seen of the space shuttle descent.  But I have no explanation for the sharp turn. Total observation time covered 25 minutes travel time.  Total observation time of the actual partial chemtrail being formed was less than 15 seconds. While it is always possible that I was simply seeing an unusual aircraft maneuvering through our air space, my instincts tell me otherwise.  After 50 years of Nebraska skywatching, I'm left with the clear impression that this was something quite different than that and I just happened to be paying close enough attention to catch it.;40.717607846154;-99.0847358461545
