UFO hovering over black helicopter then jumping across the sky. Have video.;2019-03-18 11:54:00;30;UFO hovering over black helicopter then jumping across the sky. Have video. On March 18th, around 11:30 a.m.  A clear and sunny day.  I was parked in my car at Port Republic Park in New Jersey.  I was returning emails and phone calls for work, when I looked across the water and saw a black helicopter moving very slow, almost just hovering at about a hundred feet in the air.  I watch this for 15 minutes or so.  At this point the helicopter was too loud for me to talk business on the phone so I decided to leave.  As I drove around down  the road the helicopter was coming my way so I pulled off to the side and waited for it to come to me.  As it got closer all the dirt wind sticks and leaves we're being blown all around me.  Being this close I was able to get a good look at the helicopter.  It was all black no markings at all, no numbers or letters or names.  There was a person in a jumpsuit sitting outside the helicopter taking photos.  There was another car doing the same thing I was but I never talked to him.  I was so fixated on the helicopter I almost missed it.  I noticed above the helicopter a sphere with multiple flat sides like a hexagon.   The sphere was spinning slowly and hovering or moving very slowly at this point. I could see  the sun  bouncing off  the flat metallic  sides  as it spun.  I'm not sure if the helicopter was aware or not.  At this point I took out my phone and videotaped but had noticed the sphere was gone from my site.  At this point I continued to follow the helicopter at about 10 miles an hour or slower.  I could clearly see the person in the helicopter taking photos and at one point of me and my car so I thought I better leave.  When I got home and took a look at the video I realized that the sphere was in the sky but had just had moved more to the right. Unfortunately my phone video did not do it justice.  That being said I did document the strange event as you can see.  When you look at the video enlarged  and slow down and you will see the object appear in the bottom Circle then in one frame jumps to the second Circle.  I don't know how long 1 frame is but that seems ungodly fast to me.  If it wasn't for seeing that jump I may have just wrote it off to a strange sighting that could have been anything.  Please analyze and clear up my video as I did the best I could with what I had.;39.53;-74.4902
