4th of July, 2015, sighting in West Palm Beach, Florida.;2015-07-04 22:00:00;3 minutes;4th of July, 2015, sighting in West Palm Beach, Florida. My husband and I were in our backyard watching Fourth of July fireworks.  All of a sudden, we noticed an oddly behaving object in the sky.   At first we both thought it was a firework. However the object began moving in an erratic and bizarre fashion.  When we noticed the object it was to the right of our home and was approximately 400 to 500 feet above us in the sky.  At first the object was moving slowly in a static diagonal pattern across the sky over our home.   Then, without warning, the object immediately gained height in an instant and moved at a right angle in a way that we know current  aircraft technology is incapable of accomplishing.   My husband grew up with two parents that were in the US Air Force and is very educated on aircraft and aircraft technology and there was no doubt about what we were seeing.  Even though I don't possess nearly the same knowledge, I immediately understood that no aircraft in our current technological arsenal could ever achieve the speed, the immediate and sudden altitude shifts, and the sharp turns exhibited by the craft we observed that evening. The object we witnessed glowed bright orange with a central mass that appeared to be a glowing orange cross.  Bright orange radial spokes surrounded the central cross, almost like the rays in a child's drawing of the sun.  We estimate that the object was around 50 feet in diameter.  We were particularly stunned over the fact that the object was silent.  Aircraft fly over our home multiple times each day- in fact, the community neighboring ours is one that is geared for small aircraft pilots- all of the homes have small hangers on the property and there's a runway down the center of the community.  Needless to say, we are very, very accustomed to passing aircraft and the associated noise.   The object we witnessed was all the more unusual for its soundless flight. I'm a 33 year-old Psychologist, my husband is a 36 year-old Accountant (formerly with the IRS), and neither of us has ever experienced something so eerie and uncanny.;26.6598;-80.2429000000001
