Weird orange/red balloon lights on New Year's Eve in Syskesville;2012-01-01 00:00:00;1 hour;Weird orange/red balloon lights on New Year's Eve in Syskesville New Year's Eve.  My wife and I were outside watching neighborhood fireworks, kept seeing individual orange/red orbs floating across the sky in a line from northwest to northeast.  Each took relatively the same path across the sky.   This took place for about an hour.   A neighbor came over and asked if we saw those things in the sky.  We talked for a few minutes and saw a few more.   Looked to me to be balloons with some kind of bright candle/flame/light floating across the sky about 5-10 miles away and about (total guest-imate) 3000 feet in the air.  My wife was not convinced of the balloon theory. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.4567;-76.9696000000001
Three glowing red lights moving slowly over Sykesville, MD.;2012-01-01 00:15:00;5 minutes;Three glowing red lights moving slowly over Sykesville, MD. I woke up because of the fireworks around the neighborhood. I went outside to smoke, and saw a round bright red glowing light moving at a steady pace across the sky. I thought that it was a plane. About 30 seconds after seeing the first light I saw two others. I ran inside to wake up my husband, and he came out and saw them as well. Numerous neighbors were outside watching the fireworks and also saw the lights. I heard someone say that it may be lanterns. That could be, but if so they were unlike anything I have ever seen in person. If anyone else saw them and knows what the heck they were, please post on this site. It is making me crazy not knowing what they were.;39.4567;-76.9696000000001
Red and white pulsating lights hovering over Sykesville, MD.;2014-07-25 00:00:00;90 minutes;Red and white pulsating lights hovering over Sykesville, MD I went to let my dog out when something in the western sky caught my attention.  I am an avid star gazer and to my astonishment there was an inordinately bright set of flashing lights in an area of the night sky where no star or planet should be.   This in itself may not seem that strange as aircraft fly over this area very frequently, however this did not act like any aircraft I have ever seen.  For starters the object was silent and remained in the same place while a series of multi-colored lights flashed it what appeared to be a pattern.  The lights themselves would flash off and on in a series of revolutions around a singular red beam, the white lights would flash in a circular motion around the constant red light.   The object just remained in place until about 1:20am, it was at that time another object, most likely a plane judging by its sound and speed had moved relatively close to the object in question.   It was here when things got even crazier. The object projected a huge orb of light around it and it flashed as bright as the sun and vanished.  The other object flying towards it made a quick turn to the south and continued flying a normal course as if it were heading towards Dullus International.   I will continue to search that area of sky again tonight to see if the object returns, but the shear speed at which the object darted off last night made it clear to me this object was not something one normally sees when gazing up in the night sky.   The only other thing I would like to add was that it was a perfectly clear night and thinking my eyes were playing tricks on me I went and got my glasses and an HD set of binoculars and can easily draw and explain what exactly it was that I saw in the western sky outside of Sykesville, MD, last night.  Thank you for your time in this matter and I look forward to further correspondence.;39.4567;-76.9696000000001
