Oak Hill Triangle Lights;1997-12-15 18:00:00;2-3 minutes;Oak Hill Triangle Lights It was Winter and it was day but close to night. My Father and I had to park at the top of the driveway (on the road) because we would be unable to get out due to the snow. As we began walking from the side of the street to the top of the driveway we saw to orange/yellow lights. One light high above and one light much lower below. The lower light was slightly off line of the higher light.  As I looked into the light, you could tell it had a structure and shape, but the light drowned out the ability to visually identify. The lights made no sound. When my Father and I both were fixated on the lights, they began to move. They moved counter clockwise, equal distance from each other in perfect alignment. They made one complete rotation until they were completely horizontal directly in line with each other. Then they stopped moving entirely.  After they stopped moving, they stood still for about 3 seconds. And the light to the right began to move toward the light to the left. Once the light to the right got near the light to the left, it stopped. And after 2 seconds, the light on the right shot a third light below it at a high rate of speed (sparks came out of the light when it birthed the third light) forming a perfect Inverted Triangle. The light on the right became dimmer once the third light came out. The Inverted Triangle sat for about 5 seconds (no sound). And the light on the left slowly moved into the cloud, followed by the light on the right and the third light last and disappeared into the clouds.  It has been many years since my Father and I have witnessed this, and from time to time I ask him if he recalls that evening. His story never changes. During this experience, I asked to retrieve the large RCA Camcorder we had within our house but my Father told me not to leave, and to watch. We went inside and told my Grandfather, he acted like we were insane. I asked if we should call the police (we didn't). We drove to his friend's house to tell the story to a house full of people, they didn't care. My Mother told me about a week later that people at her workplace had seen something similar (living in the same area as the sighting) and called the police to complain about sparks hitting their roof.;37.9722;-81.1579
Giant levitating triangle followed our car with four people inside from Stone Cliff to Oak Hill.;2014-11-25 18:30:00;2 hours;Giant levitating triangle followed our car with four people inside from Stone Cliff to Oak Hill. I was taking an evening drive with my sister and our two friends.  Around 6:00 pm we drove to Thurmond to look at the stars and watch the night sky, which was clear at this time.  We stopped the car and got out at the Stone Cliff sand bar.  We sat and watched the sky for around 30 minutes before we noticed a very bright, bouncing light up on the ridge line across the river.  Then we noticed there was two other dimmer lights that moved as a unit with the bright light, this is how we realized it was triangular.  The lights on the craft became very dim at times, but then they would brighten. We got in the car and drove up on the bridge at Stone Cliff to get a better view.  This is when we noticed the craft stayed parallel and kept up with us as we drove, though it was still across the river and hovering up over the ridge line relatively far away from us.  It moved  and rotated very quickly, faster than any plane, helicopter, or satellite and it was also very large, but completely silent.  We drove toward Thurmond near the ranger station and pulled over again, and this is when we noticed the craft crossing the river and hovering toward us.  The triangular shape became larger as it neared us, it hovered over the tree line and stayed behind us.  We were fearful at this point and began driving back toward Oak Hill.  The craft followed the road, hovering above the tree and ridge line, while maintaining a close distance to our car.  At one point the giant, levitating triangle was directly above us. On the drive home from Thurmond we pulled over several times (at Red Star and Hilltop) and got out of the vehicle in order to view the triangle.  The craft stayed within our vicinity most of the drive back to town, but I lost sight for a short time.  I regained sight of the craft when we came to the intersection at Route 19, because I saw it hovering far above the road, and the lights on the craft seemed to be bouncing again.  As we neared the lights of Oak Hill I lost sight of the triangle once more, but when we arrived at my house the craft had followed us there.  The triangle was closer to the surface of the earth than it had been before, hovering above the tree line. We stood on my drive way and I showed my mother and other friend the craft.  The time was around 8:00 or 8:30 pm at this time and clouds had began moving in and the craft had become very dim.  The craft moved to a clearing in the clouds above my house, at this time my friend had no trouble viewing the craft, as its lights had become bright again. All witnesses agree that we saw an extraordinary levitating triangle in the sky, though it was clearer and brighter at times.  Only 4 of us witnessed the triangle at Stone Cliff, but 6 people (that I know of) saw the triangle when it was in Oak Hill.  The whole sighting lasted around 2 hours, most of the viewing at Stone Cliff and Thurmond, but it hovered over our neighborhood for a quite awhile (until we lost sight due to cloud coverage).  I know this is an incredibly long UFO sighting, and strange because the triangle noticed and followed us.  I believe it could have easily abducted us if had it wanted to, but the triangle only observed us without interaction. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we found her to be sober-minded and serious in her demeanor.  We suspect that she is a very reliable and credible witness.  PD));37.9722;-81.1579
