Please take this very serious.  I have witnessed numorous UFO's, during the day only.  Please I will take a lie detector, or any other ;1994-06-30 00:00:00;30 sec. to hour;Please take this very serious.  I have witnessed numorous UFO's, during the day only.  Please I will take a lie detector, or any other tests you want.  I am serious.   My sightings have only been during the day, with my sister a witness to only one sighitng.   I am a single Mom, I do not wish to be thought of as a crazy person, I know what I see, so if you are interested in the truth, talk to me. I saw the first one when I was pregnant with my four year old daughter, needless to say my life has never been the same.  I have always had the sightings in brood daylight, they are very shiny and big, the closest one is when my sister saw it with me.  We were driving down a little road in Spotsylvania, she was driving, I was in the passenger seat.  I looked out of my window I saw one way up, almost to be following us, I said look, she tried but she couldn't see it, it vanished, then on her side it was back she saw it this time, but then just as fast aa it had appeared it vanished.  Then we were coming to the end of the road where we could either go left of right, we stopped at the stop sign, and right in front of us, just above the trees, not more than 50 feet in the air, was the object, just hovering, so bright, we could barely look at it.  It stayed there for atleast two minutes, we got out of the car and just stared at it.  Then it went straight down, then straight up, and vanished right in front of us..  If there is someone out there that really wants to know what is going on, then ask me, test me, do whatever you have to.  I never believed in any of this until it kept happening to me.  Now I believe with all of my being.  I believe that they somehow foolow me, taunt me, know one else sees them, why?  Spotsylvania is hot bed of activity.  I want someone to investigate me, prove me to be a liar.  It is very hard for me to go against everyone else when they say that it is not real, because I see them, and they are very real.  Ask my sister.  If somebody out there can help me, please do.  I am a single mother, I have no money for a good camera, or video camera, but I tell you even if I had the pictures of what I have seen, who would believe me.  I see what the people have seen above Mexico, in the multiple sightings, but no one believes those pictures are real.;38.1775285714286;-77.6727857142857
