I have it on tape it not fuzzy, very clear and lasted a long time. And it was very bright for a long time one on the ground and one in;2006-03-16 21:00:00;34 min;I have it on tape it not fuzzy, very clear and lasted a long time. And it was very bright for a long time one on the ground and one in I had my camcorder set up in my back yard, and whenI looked at the tape I could see a point of light. At first I thought it was from a house but then a secound light came on next to the first light then a third light, then they all came together and became a very bright light,in the shape of a half dome. Then off to the West I could see on the tape two objects comming into view, and one came over the top of the one on the ground and as it did it started to become just as bright as the other one. Then the one on the ground started getting dim and the one on top stayed very bright, then the one on the bottom started to get bright again and they just stayed liked that for a long time, I couldn't see the secound one that came in from the West. I couldn't see any features they were so bright. Then the light on the bottom started getting dim, one by one and then you could see one of the lights on the ground move up to meet the bright one, which was getting dimmer, but when the object got to the top one it became bright again and then you could see the secound one going up but I could't see it very well. The third light just went out. And the object hovered for awhile then it stated to become dim again and changed it shape from half dome or round to a thin object like the clouds around it and it gets really long, then it just dissipates. After awhile I keep looking at the tape and I could hear a Jet go overhead, how many I don't know and I watch the tape to the end and could  hear the Jet or Jets again. and the tape ended. I have it on Hi-8 Tape, I hooked it to the T.V set to see if I could get a better look, but it was more clear on the Tape. It was also in the direction of a Naval Base. Called Crows Landing Naval Air Base. And also there are orchards and fields in that area also, and some homes, we live close to the edge of the city. The camcarder was pointed South-East.;37.4792;-121.1644
Bright light hovering then moving with no sound.;2014-06-19 22:00:00;10 minutes;Bright light hovering then moving with no sound. I'm 34 and live out in the country in Patterson.   My mother was over and we went outside to check on my animals and I looked up and noticed a yellow bright object in the south.  It was hovering and made no sound.   I began to record it using my cell phone.   My sheep, chickens and dogs became agitated.  The object became brighter and then began to move upwards.   At this moment a helicopter flew over the top of it.  It didn't budge.  Then it began moving towards the north east and the closer it came the more we could make out that it now had 3 lights, and a dark oval outline.   The main light was yellow and the other two were blue.  It still made no sound.  It was dead silent and flew at the attitude of a police helicopter and flew right overhead but, silence.  During the time we watched it, my cell phone kept shutting down.  We watched it until it disappeared behind the orchard.;37.4792;-121.1644
Thought I seen 2 jets ready to cross over each other turned out to be only 1 jet and a UFO that at one point looked like a jet.;2020-02-07 08:40:00;4 seconds;Thought I seen 2 jets ready to cross over each other turned out to be only 1 jet and a UFO that at one point looked like a jet. In my backyard I looked up very quick and seen 2 jets getting ready to cross I wanted to film it so I grab my phone that was in my pocket and went to camera it took about 2-3 seconds, when I looked back up there was only 1 jet so I started to film it and kept looking for the second one but couldn’t find it, I thought no way could it be gone.  When I reviewed what I had I filmed I caught what looked to be a round ball that look to change at different spots at one point it actually looked like a plane, but it was not above the other jet as I had seen in the beginning it was now lower and in front of the other jet and exited at the bottom of the screen.;37.4792;-121.1644
