Possible UFO- but more importantly, the alien experience;2005-03-09 19:00:00;1-4 minutes;Possible UFO- but more importantly, the alien experience I can't be certain whether this was actually a UFO, because I live approximately 5 miles from the Airport.  We see and hear jets/planes/cessna's/helicopters everyday, all night long.   However, the odd thing about this craft was that, it was triangle shaped, and it had odd patterned lighting.  They were arranged to illuminate the craft, and the lights were all white.  Whereas, on the normal aircraft that we observe everyday, there are an array of colors like yellow, white, blue, etc.   Anyhow, the lights were not only arranged oddly, but they blinked and glowed in a very transe like manner.  They blinked so fast and in some sort of pattern, it really stood out like an oddity, nothing that we're accustomed to seeing.  I was on the balcony of our third floor apartment when i saw it, so I called out for my sister, and she came out and dismissed it as a plane.  But, I just had that odd feeling in my stomach.  Anyway, this hasn't been the first time for me to have these supernatural occurences.  I believe I was visited by aliens one night while I was sleeping.  I woke up several times, paralyzed, and couldn't speak or move, but I was able to think clearly.  I could not see a clear figure, but I was very terrified and frightened and the being that was in front of my face was telling me to go back to sleep, and was putting something into my ear.   The second or third time that I awoke, I couldn't take it anymore, so I started praying telling the being that in Jesus Christ's name, to go away, and leave this room.  And it finally left me.  I did research and found out that there are a lot of people who've had the same experiences as I, and there is a site that you can learn more at:  www.alienresistance.org   I Believe that all of these sitings and experiences are part of what Christians believe to be the Great Deception.  What this means is that Aliens are going to show themselves and try to get people to worship them.  In reality these aliens or Gods from above are really demons.  Why do you think that every alien abduction or experience like mine is always so frightening and terrible?  Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the last days some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils Speaking lies in hypocrisy having their conscience seared with a hot iron.  1Timothy 4:1-2  For there shall arise false Christ's, and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Matthew 24:24 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));37.1468142857143;-76.4602979591837
