Witnessed triangular shaped craft using clouds possibly as a cloaking device in the Ozarks.;2012-05-29 06:15:00;35-45 seconds;Witnessed triangular shaped craft using clouds possibly as a cloaking device in the Ozarks. Early this morning I was on my way to work in Buffalo Missouri, a construction job, headed south from Springfield, MO.  The sun had already come up. I could see the horizon of Buffalo and noticed a very dark, odd looking, little rain cloud hovering low above the city, directly above the shortest of the cities three water towers and as high as the tallest.  The cloud was as wide as the town, which has a population of a little over 3,000 people.  It had been storming during the night but this strange cloud was the only one left.   Suddenly I watched as at least two (possibly a third on the far side) gigantic triangular shaped craft emerged from the north side (toward me) but pointing west.  The front one was about twice as big as the rear object. Both were the biggest aircraft i've ever seen, including a few stealth bombers.  They were black in color however the rear one never fully emerged and I never got a clear view of the bottom.  However I could tell that they we! re both pulsating a light from their centers.  The cloud seemed to cloak them both and the light strobed in the color of the very dark, almost black cloud, back to nothing, to dark cloud.  The light emitted looked like a tractor beam from a movie for a better visual reference.  The two crafts seemed to actually be one craft possibly as they were connected in the middle by what looked like piping.  Both seemed and covered in athe haze.  The cloud acted in the most unnatural way, wrapping around the craft as if it was pulling it back in, or the craft was pulling the cloud around it.   I honestly didn't believe what i was seeing and looked down.  When I looked up it was still there, so I pulled over to find my phone that was in the back to try to take a video.  When I finally found it the entire slow moving cloud, not just the craft,  was gone.  I only saw it for at most 45 seconds, the entire incident only lasting 2 minutes. And thats the end of it. I will be emailing an illustration a! nd a map within the next day or so.   Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke by telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  PD));37.6364;-93.0885
