Green light on bedroom ceiling and later large green sphere hovering in distance;1998-01-06 01:00:00;5 seconds;Green light on bedroom ceiling and later large green sphere hovering in distance This report is about two events that I believe are related. I cannot remember the exact date but it was during the summer of ’98 or ’99, at the Canadian Forces Base in Trenton, Ontario.  I was a military Air Traffic Controller with the rank of Captain at the time of this event. The first event was while I was home in bed, around 01:00 in the morning, and I awoke and looked up and there was a green coloured circle on the ceiling about 1cm in diameter and moving slowly across the ceiling for about 1 meter.  I sat up to take a closer look but it disappeared.  I thought perhaps I was imagining it or dreamt it and thought nothing of it and laid back down.   About half an hour to an hour later I awoke again and looked up and saw the same light again, in a different spot, slowly moving across the ceiling.  My wife at the time also noticed it and asked me about it but like the last time, it only lasted a couple seconds.  It almost appeared to be a laser pointer but in green and a wider diameter.  I checked under the bed, in the closet, out the window, just in case someone was playing a prank, but all the children were asleep, and I could not find anyway a light could get displayed on the ceiling without us being aware.  I thought it very strange but could not explain it, so I didn’t think much of it. The second event happened about a week later, while I was working a midnight shift in the control tower.  It was again about 01:00 in the morning when I saw a green sphere in the east near the vicinity of Belleville.  It was hard to judge the distance but it was about perhaps 10 km away and roughly the daimeter of the main body of a C-130 Hercules aircraft, not the newer stretched version.  The green colour looked the same as the light on my bedroom ceiling.   I was stunned by what I saw and asked the radar terminal if they had anything on their scope 10 east but they replied negative.  I asked the meteorological section if there was anything that could create a ball of green light that could hover, perhaps ball lightning, but again, Met replied negative.   One of the ground crew on the ramp called up to the tower asking me if I saw the light, and so I knew it was not just myself seeing it.  I was too stunned to think of recording it, which is a shame and I truly regret not having done that.   After about 10 seconds of just hovering in one spot, about 1,000 AGL, it disappeared to the north.  It did not disappear in that it suddenly wasn’t visible, but it accelerated with such speed that it disappeared out of sight in less than a second.   I have witnessed many modern fighter jets at full acceleration with their afterburners going and that would be magnitude of orders slower than what that ball of green light moved at. No human would be able to withstand the G-force that would have generated accelerating so quickly. I had not told anyone this story since at least half the people ridiculed me and accused me of being on drugs or making it up.  I searched to see if there were any other reports of such an event at that time but never did find any. Not sure if you accept reports dating this far back but while I cannot remember the exact date, I will always remember the details and it gives me the chills sometimes when I recall the event.;44.0996424657534;-77.5721068493152
There was a bright circular object like a star that was slowly movin across the sky.;2001-04-11 07:40:00;10 seconds;There was a bright circular object like a star that was slowly movin across the sky. I was walking to my bus stop when i looked up and saw a bright light that looked like a star in front of a group of clouds, it stayed absolutly still for about 5 seconds then it slowly started to move to the right, it moved for about another 5 seconds then it dissapeared.;44.0996424657534;-77.5721068493152
