early morning moving light;2006-05-06 04:45:00;30 seconds;early morning moving light It was somewhere around 5 AM on Saturday morning as I was standing outside of my house talking on the phone with a friend, when I noticed a golden-colored light in the western sky moving at a fast rate of speed.  The first thing that came to mind was that it was a satellite, but I have never seen a satellite move this fast.  And it seemed to be at a much lower altitude than a satellite. It was obvious that it was in our atmosphere.   And it was absolutely not a plane. Not only was it moving faster than any plane I've ever seen, it had no type of blinking light on it at all. I watched it until it disappeared into the northern sky, probably out over Oklahoma City.  If anyone else from this area thinks they may have seen this, post a report!;34.8096;-97.4098
Bright light moves oddly then vanishes completely;2007-04-01 21:45:00;15 - 20 seconds;Bright light moves oddly then vanishes completely On a clear night night back in late March or early April, I was driving west on highway 19 just leaving Maysville when I noticed in front of me about 60 - 70 degrees in the sky what appeared to be an airplane. It was close. Maybe 3 - 5 miles away. Could have been closer. The light was a very bright white. It was moving towards the NNE, can't say how fast, but it was about the normal speed of a low-flying airplane or helicopter. Something about it's movement seemed odd and really caught my eye.  Then I realized there were no blinking lights at all on it, so I decided to watch it closely. It appeared to slow down and almost completely stop just for a moment and get brighter, then the light went out completely and left no trace whatsoever.  I pulled to the side of the road and watched for a few minutes and to see if I heard any noise from a plane or helicopter, but there was nothing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  Possibly the ISS, or perhaps an Iridium flare??  PD));34.8096;-97.4098
unidentified white light object with two windows in it appeared to be burning or crashing towards earth;2009-09-04 11:15:00;20 seconds;unidentified white light object with two windows in it appeared to be burning or crashing towards earth was a passenger in my husbands vehicle and I saw a white light sort of the shape of a long not perfectly round disc,looked as if it was coming towards the ground at a slight west to east motion. it appeared to have two wndows in the side. looked as if it were burning up but it was not a fire color. it was white light but it appeared like the whole thig was hot or burning coming towards earth at a rapid rate of speed. dissapeared before reaching earth pretty high in the sky. lasted about 20 seconds.i have never in my life seen anything like it. i am a normal person who is a sceptic of unidentified or unexplained things but i am very curious as to what this object could have been.;34.8096;-97.4098
