5 bright, totally silent, fast moving lights  viewed in night sky near Deckers, CO on 10/01.;2006-10-01 23:20:00;30 seconds;5 bright, totally silent, fast moving lights  viewed in night sky near Deckers, CO on 10/01. A friend and I were walking in a mostly southerly direction along a trail which follows Trout Creek, approximately 4 miles South of Deckers, CO.  I was looking towards the moon, which was mostly covered by clouds at the time, when I saw a bright yellowish light which disappeared almost immediately upon my sighting it, my first instinct was that it was a meteor or very large falling star and remember saying WOW and then when it disappeared (into a cloud probably?), was starting to ask did you see that? when it reappeared followed by 4 additional, equally spaced, equally sized lights moving extremely fast from the Northwest towards the Southeast.  My friend also saw the lights after they reappeared and we watched until they disappeared over the Rampart Range.  We did disagree about 2 things when we compared remembered details.  I thought the lights were in a sort of chevron pattern with 4 lights making up one leg and 1 light down from the point making up the other, he thought it was a straight line.  I remember joking at the time that maybe our geese had headlights cause I didn't know what we really did see.  The other detail we differed on was that I thought the lights were yellowish to white and steady, while he thought they were more yellowish red also steady.  We commented on the total silence during the entire event, and both noticed there were no other planes visable until approximately 10 minutes after the lights were out of our view.  We were in a valley where any type of jet or plane can be heard long before it is visable.  We also agreed that there was no visable craft, we merely saw lights, far below the normal jet space and moving far too rapidly to be small planes or helicopters-that we know of.  I'm fairly sure it's an unrelated coincidence, but approximately 40 seconds after we lost sight of the lights, we heard 2 rather muffled rumbles, maybe 2 seconds apart.  It was probably thunder, but if so it was the only thunder we heard.  That, too, is not terribly unusual in that area.;39.3113;-105.0676
