I took my dog out and saw a lit up saucer shaped space craft for about 1 min in the sky and then it just turned off like a lightbulb;2008-01-23 04:00:00;under 1 min;I took my dog out and saw a lit up saucer shaped space craft for about 1 min in the sky and then it just turned off like a lightbulb I am going to be brief. I just spoke with you (Peter Davenport) on the phone and you you seemed very busy and asked me to report what I saw online. So here is what happened. I live on the 1st floor of a 2 story house. I was in my bedroom with my girlfriend and my dog at around 3:45-4:00 a.m watching t.v. I am always up late . I was lying in bed with my girlfriend and my dog was acting really weird making all sorts of noise and barking and she is always very quiet at night. I figured she had to go outside to go to the bathroom. So, I took my dog outside my front door with my girlfriend to have a cigarette and let my dog out . My dog is very well trained like I said and was acting sort of strange and as soon as I opened the door my dog ran into my neighbor’s yard which is very unlike her. She usually stays in our yard and does her business in our yard. So, I ran off the porch to go get my dog and when I got her I noticed a light above my head about 2 streets down. When I looked up I saw a saucer shaped craft in the sky. It looked like it was about a football field and a half to two football fields high up in the sky. At first I thought it was a meteor coming down  until it just came to a complete stop. Also, how low it was to the ground it just seemed strange to me. Also, it was a strange color. Almost a color I have never seen before just lit up in the sky like a strange colored saucer lightbulb. I would describe the color as purplish orangish yellowish green, I know that sounds strange but it was glowing of all those colors and that’s the only way I can describe it . Anyway, as I said I thought it was a meteror until I really looked at it. It was very low to the earth and it was traveling in a strait line and then it just stoped and hovered in the sky . That’s when I got a very bad feeling and called my girlfriend over. This disk in the sky was going in a straight line and then it just stopped for like 10 seconds and hovered. Then it moved in a way I have never seen a plane or anything of that matter on this earth. After the craft went in the strait line then stopped it was moving almost at like 90 degree angles. It would move one way and then turn and go another way and th! en turn and go another way like it was on a street taking turns or something. for example it would turn right then move up in the sky and then turn left then move down. I have never seen any kind of plane or helicopter do this so i removed that explanation immeditly. So from the beginning, the craft went in a straight line like it was a meteor and then it just came to a complete stop, it hovered for around 10 seconds and then starting moving again in a hovering fashion and was hovering and taking strange turns. The craft  looked like it was one big light switching to different illuminating colors and after about 1 minute of watching it the light just turned off like it had a switch to appear and disappear and then it never re-appeared. It didn’t take off real fast like in the movies or anything or as one would think it just turned off like a lightbulb. I went back into my house with my girlfriend and my dog and just had the creepiest strangest feeling. I was so creeped out I woke my roommate up but of corse just like my mother he didn’t believe me, even though he could see me and my girlfriend were so worked up. I wasn’t on any drugs or anything and I know I wasn’t hallucinating because my girlfriend saw it to along with my dog.  I have never believed in anything like this until I saw the craft this one night. I have not shared this and did not report it to the police because I didn’t want anyone to think I was crazy. Then I saw your show and saw all those other people with cases like mine and it jsut made me want you to know what i saw and know more about it. I  decided to call you and when you called me back I knew this was serious and thought i would write you a description of this craft. I know there is something out there. Can you share with me what you think this is. I dont live close to any airports and i just know it was something not of this world.;42.353303030303;-71.1856
Round object that was brightly lit, moved slowly, 2-4 objects, fairly large.;2015-04-23 20:00:00;20 minutes;Round object that was brightly lit, moved slowly, 2-4 objects, fairly large. Looking out the window, I could see a fairly large round/oval shape floating across the sky. It was lit up as if there were lots of smaller lights lighting it up and there was one brighter light circling around the inside.  It was bluish-green.  Never seen it before.;42.353303030303;-71.1856
