On the 3rd of May, 2001, I observed a shiny, silver object in the sky at an approximate 45 degree angle. The object appeared to be movi;2001-05-03 13:43:00;10- 15 sec.;On the 3rd of May, 2001, I observed a shiny, silver object in the sky at an approximate 45 degree angle. The object appeared to be moving in an easterly direction while I was moving north in a ((type of vehicle deleted)) vehicle. It is because of my job that I am reluctant to make this report at all. My area of patrol is a 24 square mile region that borders the Pennsylvania-Ohio line and is located approximately 15 miles east of the Youngstown, Ohio Airport and  Air Force Reserve Base. I am familiar with most of the types of planes, helicopters,  and dirigibles that fly in and around this area. The object I saw on this particular day was a silver color that was definitely more intense than any of the planes I usually see. The object was circular in shape and had no visible wings. Because I was in a moving vehicle travelling at a speed of 45 miles per hour, I could not estimate the speed of the object as it moved in an easterly direction. I can only guess its size and distance from me as 1 to 2 miles  and the approximate size of a quarter held at arms length. I attempted to pull off the roadway to get a better visual and maybe a still photo, but as I slowed down the object accelerated upward at a tremendous speed and was gone in an instant. The weather was sunny and the sky was exceptionally clear this day with few clouds. The reason that this is so notable is because this area is usually shrouded in cloud coverage known as the Great Lakes Effect, relative to the clouds that form over the Great Lakes Region and move in a southeasterly direction through Ohio and Pennsylvania. It has been 1 week since that sighting and I have not heard any other reports regarding the object on that day.  This report is a result of my interest in knowing if anyone else had witnessed that particular event.;41.4121;-80.3746000000001
