Same as last nite only it was moving around.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus??  PD));2018-05-02 20:00:00;2 hours;Same as last nite only it was moving around.  I drove to Greenville just to see what it would do and where it was in the sky.  It was hovering towards north west sky Jamestown, Ohio, area.  Hovered for almost two hours from 8pm to 10:45 pm.  Tomorrow Im going to see if it shows up again this time I'm watching to see where it appears.;41.4121;-80.3746000000001
Strange Light behaves erratically then suddenly vanishes;2019-10-09 06:55:00;1 minute;Strange Light behaves erratically then suddenly vanishes (This story is re-posted about 10 minutes after the original, I wished to remain anonymous out of fear of, well anything really, but if NUFORC wishes to contact me, I dont see why not.)   I arrived at my construction job site at around 06:45.  I dropped off my tools and opened the garage doors to get ready for the day.  Since I had a few moments, I stepped outside to feel the morning air, I noticed a fairly bright Star to the West of the warehouse where I stood. The Star was larger than the average star on this early morning, it had a reddish orange hue, and flickered every so slightly.  I assumed that it was Mars, just peeking out over the rooftops. I downloaded the Skymaps app last week, so I open the app expecting the object to be Mars. However, nothing celestial was in that vicinity, especially not something that bright. My second logical assumption was that it was an aircraft, or perhaps a satellite however unusual, since the light was as bright as Mars typically is. I watched the object and was able to realize that it was in fact moving. However, it was behaving erratically. Up up up, to the right, wobble, up up up, to the right, wobble ever so slightly. Perhaps it was a helicopter with a spotlight?  Then my periphery, an easily identifiable airplane was also crossing the sky. Two blinking lights, white and red. Traveling toward the general area that the mysterious object occupied. I went back to watching the strange light, only for a few seconds more in an instant it vanished. As the light suddenly cut out, in the exact same spot a barely visible red light zipped to the right, much more horizontal than vertical. The speed in which this tiny red light moved was frightening at first glance, it reminded me of how one sees a meteorite zipping across the atmosphere before burning out. It moved so quickly and was so faint that I lost sight of it. Its hard to estimate the exact distance and direction of the object, but if I was to get as close as I could  From the horizon it was approximately 20 degrees vertical.  On a 360 Degree compass, it was approximately 15 degrees clockwise of due West.  I can't give an accurate estimation of distance seeing as it was only a light, but if I was to guess based on gut feeling, I would bet about 15 to 20 miles or so as the bird flies;41.4121;-80.3746000000001
Erratic bright light hovers, moves, then vanishes.;2019-10-09 06:55:00;1 minute;Erratic bright light hovers, moves, then vanishes. I arrived at my construction job site at around 06:45. I dropped off my tools and opened the garage doors to get ready for the day. Since I had a few moments, I stepped outside to feel the morning air, I noticed a fairly bright Star to the West of the warehouse where I stood. The Star was larger than the average star on this early morning, it had a reddish orange hue, and flickered every so slightly. I assumed that it was Mars, just peeking out over the rooftops. I downloaded the Skymaps app last week, so I open the app expecting the object to be Mars. However, nothing celestial was in that vicinity, especially not something that bright. My second logical assumption was that it was an aircraft, or perhaps a satellite however unusual, since the light was as bright as Mars typically is. I watched the object and was able to realize that it was in fact moving. However, it was behaving erratically. Up up up, to the right, wobble, up up up, to the right, wobble ever so slightly. Perhaps it was a helicopter with a spotlight?  Then my periphery, an easily identifiable airplane was also crossing the sky.  Two blinking lights, white and red. Traveling toward the general area that the mysterious object occupied. I went back to watching the strange light, only for a few seconds more in an instant it vanished.  As the light suddenly cut out, in the exact same spot a barely visible red light zipped to the right, much more horizontal than vertical.  The speed in which this tiny red light moved was frightening at first glance, it reminded me of how one sees a meteorite zipping across the atmosphere before burning out. It moved so quickly and was so faint that I lost sight of it. Its hard to estimate the exact distance and direction of the object, but if I was to get as close as I could  From the horizon it was approximately 20 degrees vertical.  On a 360 Degree compass, it was approximately 15 degrees clockwise of due West.  I can't give an accurate estimation of distance seeing as it was only a light, but if I was to guess based on gut feeling,  I would bet about 15 to 20 miles or so as the bird flies.;41.4121;-80.3746000000001
