Red/orange lights seen for about 4 minutes in Western Pennsylvania;2012-11-16 18:14:00;<5 minutes;Red/orange lights seen for about 4 minutes in Western Pennsylvania About a half an hour ago, I was taking the dog out and looked at the west sky and noticed 2 bright orange/red dots about less than 2 inches away from each other ( if I were to stretch my hand and measure with my fingers, that is the distance I would get ).  The one on the top was slightly to the right in relation to the one on the bottom. They looked bright and big (size of Jupiter or slightly bigger) with a deep color of orange/red. As they began to move from left to right slowly, I tried to get a better view through the branches of the trees in my yard which were partially blocking the view. I was curious to find out if they were planets but once they began to move I thought it could be a plane. But then, 2 planes one on top of the other didn’t make much of a sense to me. So I called my husband to come outside and look at these lights. He came out and looked but was too concern on stepping on dog poop outside. It is cold tonight in the 40’s. So he came inside and didn’t want to bother being cold. I was still curious to find out what it was as the 2 lights continued to move from left to right. All of a sudden I see then 3 lights. If I were to connect the dots they would form a triangle in the sky about 4 inches apart from each dot. The color of the dots were exactly the same color as the other 2 lights. As this happened, I ran inside to call a friend of mine so she could go out and look at the west sky ! to see if she could see the same lights. The 3 lights began to move from left to right and instead of 3 dots I could only see 2 kind of horizontal lights from each other moving again from right to left (west to southwest). It seemed like the lights would move and stop.  The one far left kept going while the one on the right stopped and dimmed to no light at all.  I moved my position down the driveway toward the south so I could keep an unobstructed view of these 2 objects.  The light on the right continues to move slowly and more dimmed but I still could see it. All of a sudden the light that had dimmed before came back on with a white brightness just like a flood light shinning down and immediately dimmed to no light again.  It seemed like this light had appeared for 2 seconds disappearing again completely.  It was very cold and since I had no jacket, I just noticed the light from the left continue to move southwest and getting dimmer and dimmer.  After I called the center to re! port this sighting, I went up to my husband’s room to ask if h! e did or did not see any light. He told me all he saw was one red light.;41.4121;-80.3746000000001
