3 Amber Circles enclosed in Rectangle - Healing requested.;2003-11-20 18:00:00;<1 min.;3 Amber Circles enclosed in Rectangle - Healing requested. On November 20, 2003 I had been taking a nap and at 6:00 p.m. something told me to wake up and open my eyes.  As I did, the first thing I saw was a big white light in the sky across the street.  It was so big and nearby, it could have only been coming from a helicopter.  But it was an unusually warm day in WI and I still had my windows open.  Had it been a helicopter, there would have been loud noise coming from it.  There was no noise whatsoever.  I watched it for about 15 seconds and it went behind the house across the street so I lost sight of it.  It just silently glided out of my view.  About 15 minutes later again something told me to take the dogs outside.  My dogs never go out at that time (they're on a regular pattern and had gone out a little earlier already).  As I took the second dog outside, I looked up in the sky and telepathically said: Are you still in the area?  Right then I noticed a plane going overhead.  I said out loud: Oh, that's just a stupid plane again!  And before I finished that sentence, I saw something else and said: THAT's not a plane!  Not too far behind the plane was a configuration of three amber circles enclosed in a amber rectangle. It glowed amber as if it was pure energy and a sentient being in and of itself.  As it glided through the atmosphere, it didn't fly straight like human made planes do, rather it traveled on an angle.  I watched it only for a few seconds before it just disappeared.  For character reference: I am a Disclosure Project Representative, have worked directly with Golden Eagle, have investigated the two WI Crop Circles this summer, been healed from PID from an ET in 1995, am a Natural Healer and Metaphysical Teacher/Student.  Among many other things I am directly connected to Aztalan and Rock Lake, WI. I was born at 11:11 a.m. during a Grand Cross / Planetary Alignment.  Something to watch: In December my mother was diagnosed with Advanced Breast Cancer.  Since I myself was healed by an ET, I have strongly requested those same ETs to heal my Mother.  Beginning in December, the Phoenix area (within WALKING or WORKING distance from my family) has had a UFO Sighting / Flap.  And in that time, a mysterious white UFO van has been spotted numerous times right near where they live. So I have Faith that they are going to heal her.  It will be a Miracle that will be widely talked about with documentation.;43.2479994371482;-88.7177311444659
