4 what looked like Satellites following each other.  ((NUFORC Note:  Retraction--Satellite launch.  PD));2015-04-14 21:00:00;30 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  RETRACTION--Thanks to Mr. Ted Molczan of SEESAT-1, we now believe that the 4-5+ objects seen by witnesses in the Pacific Northwest probably were parts from the Dragon CRS-6 supply ship, which had been launched a few hours before the sighting.  We express our gratitude to Mr. Molczan, and to his collaborators, for spotting our error, and for making the information available to our Center.  PD)) 4 what looked like Satellites following each other. My Wife and I usually spend time in our outside hot tub most nights.  Our hot tub is up against our house and we look directly up to see the sky (after  the eave of our house) and then on to the East.  We have seen the usual space sightings i.e. the ISS frequently, other Satellites and Meteors along with normal high and low flying aircraft. What we witnessed was totally mind blowing.  A very unusual event. Looking directly straight up we saw what looked like a satellite appear and as usual we would have just watched it go and disappear, but this time another satellite appeared directly after it.  I commented to my wife, wow that’s unusual and then a 3rd and then a 4th appeared. These “spots of light” looked exactly like other satellites that we have seen.  (The ISS is brighter)  They were heading East in a Line, following each other. There was no sound (none) as to explain aircraft in formation. They only were white, like the ISS except smaller again like, other satellites we have witnessed. Speed seemed similar to ISS or other satellites we have witnessed. We just watched until they disappeared in the East. Picture below is best I can do .. you will have to imagine the distance between going by the speed described above and the explanation of how quickly we spotted them. West 			Directly Traveling 					East   O			O				O			O   Started seeing them at 90º above us.  I am a logical man with many years behind me and have never ever seen anything like this before. I would love an explanation that I could accept.;50.6702021201413;-120.4028204947
