There was a round light in the sky! Above Kamloops.;2011-07-27 00:30:00;10 minutes;There was a round light in the sky! Above Kamloops. The object that I had spotted that night of, July 27, 2011, was for Lack of better words Very Strange indeed!?  I was outside my residence having a cigaret, as I was looking to the west towards this mountain that is very tall & was silhouetted by the moon that night, I noticed what I had seen, I just thought it was an airplane coming from Kelowna. Because I was living right by the airport at that time?  But as I continued to observe this object I thought that my eyes were playing tricks on me so I used the telephone pole & transmission lines to line the object up to see if in fact that what I was seeing, was in fact doing what my eyes were seeing. And once I realized that was the case I started hollering for my ex wife to come outside to bear witness to what I was seeing.  What it did was Absolutely Amazing! I tracked it on the pole for the vertical trajectory & along the cable and telephone wires for its horizontal trajectory. It first just hovered there then it went from the top of the pole down to the cable lines & stopped and then traveled along to the halfway point between the other telephone pole. It then stopped stayed there in hover mode for a min. Or two, & then went back along the same path as it used.  When it got to the pole it shot up the pole to the top of the pole and came to an abrupt stop.  And then proceeded past the top of the pole and up highe! r into the sky and then stopped in front of the moon and a very see thru cloud, it sat there motionless for a bit then it entered the cloud with the moon shining behind it.  And it was at this point I noticed that it started to shimmer as it entered the cloud it started to dissipate & then just was gone!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));50.6702021201413;-120.4028204947
((Starlink satellites??));2020-01-03 06:42:00;7 minutes;Standing from an alley across the cop shop downtown kamloops heading to a bus to go back home,I happen to look up towards the stars as I usually do on late or just plain dark nights.  I thought I was seeing Sputnik passing by the earth satellite, but then I kept seeing repeating well not repeating but continuously coming towards us in general direction then while so they started ascending upwards through the ozone layers and vanished away from earth just like that one after another after another after another after another in amazement I was shocked to see so many, UFOs i said like holy ((deleted)) seriously and no one pays attention to this ((deleted)) i said to my partner, she looked and also agreed thinking there was just a satelite.holyyy your right she said. I couldn't keep count I have a video I tried recording but had my camera pointed wrong from my phone.  In excitement I just kept it on and was practically recording myself yelling and getting excited about what I was witnessing in the sky above kamloops bc like a line of ants going in a hole but lights exiting earth and outwards.  Whoaaaaaaaaa.  Seriously wtf. Whewwwwwwwwwwwwwww sigh sigh and here I wrote this as hey I'm another person who watches the sky too.;50.6702021201413;-120.4028204947
