Bright green fiery object with bent tail of fire speedily descending altitude vertically then in an arc from due south toward southwest;2012-01-15 21:00:00;4 seconds;Bright green fiery object with bent tail of fire speedily descending altitude vertically then in an arc from due south toward southwest At dark while standing outdoors facing southward I observed a fiery bright green object appear to fall from the sky south toward the southwest.  It appeared as what I have known to be a falling star.  This object appeared as I have seen what may be meteors, falling stars or other objects appear to fall and strike the earth's atmosphere and glance into an arc thru the atmosphere and disappear.  The difference here is the size of the object appeared to be large, or perhaps closer. Something that had stood out to me was the ultra bright green fiery color of the object. It looked to me as it were a bright green roman candle firecracker shot in reverse(ie from the top of the sky down). It was like a bright green fire ball except for the tail of the moving fire ball was crooked and bent toward the earth as it fell at an angle/arc from almost due south toward the southwest. It traveled in this direction for maybe 3 to 4 seconds and disappeared as if the fire had! burnt out. It showed such a spectacular view I had thought to call other family members to come outside to see the spectacle. But it was gone too soon to be able to do this. After the sighting I had wanted to report this to some agency or an official department of some sort who would've been interested in looking for a falling satellite or space junk.  The only places I could think of at the time would've been the Benton County Sheriff's Office or State Police. Both of which I had thought at the time wouldn't really be able to relay the information to any agency or official office that mattered.So therefore I didn't report this at the time. I had forgotten about the sighting and have only thought to report it to you after seeing the article on Yahoo News about the Russian Mars Spacecraft that had malfunctioned and fell to earth around 1/15/2012. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.4255;-93.9483
