Stationary lit object hovered above trees.;1976-03-15 12:00:00;<60 seconds;Stationary lit object hovered above trees. Years ago, while driving from Ft. Carson, CO, to a restaurant in Fountain, CO, I remember seeing an object from my car.  It was daylight and clear - The object was saucer-like and appeared to have a couple of tiers or layers, was bright, almost as if a balloon lit from within, but it had separate lights on it.  I was driving east (don't remember road) on Ft. Carson, and noticed the object as I approached the I-25 overpass.  I was on high ground and the object was low to the horizon on the other side of the interstate.  I snuck glances at it as I drove, being quite taken by it's presence.  I remember thinking it was probably a balloon for a sales pitch, and I couldn't wait to go see it.  After I crossed the overpass I couldn't observe it any longer because of the decreasing road elevation (bad angle) and increasing amount of trees (obstruction).  I did my best to estimate  the point on the ground upon which I thought it was, so I could drive there and see it, but I could never find it.  I was too embarassed to ask anyone at the restaurant.  When I drove back, I u-turned to see if I could see it again, but no joy.  I was very familiar with the area back then, that portion of Carson being mostly high desert, and Fountain being a smallish Army post town where friends lived- I'm sure it is all built up now.  I do not remember the exact time of day, other than I think is was in the afternoon (near meal time).  I don't remember the time of year, but I suspect it was after January and before July (before my discharge).  I believe it was a weekend, becuase I couldn't drive to Fountain during the weekday due to my work.  I can't believe no one else would have missed it.  I was dumbfounded, and to this day wonder what it was.  I never saw it move, never heard anything - it was just a few miles away. I concede it could have been a ballon, but I couldn't find it. I just found this site, and scanned it hoping to see another report from Carson, Fountain, Colo. Sprgs, or Security, CO. My background then, Army soldier ! / elect technician, now engineer. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.6991;-104.7031
