The greenish glow has seemed to have an effect on me every time I think about it and its a good thing.;2009-08-14 21:15:00;8 minutes;The greenish glow has seemed to have an effect on me every time I think about it and its a good thing. UFO SIGHTING REPORT  Aug 14, 2009 9:15 PM  We were traveling south on I-25 in Colorado and my office manager was driving. I noticed a very bright light in the sky kind of a giant headlight. I noticed it kept getting closer to us as if it was traveling north. Then it began to separate into two lights as we drew closer.  This went on for about 5 minutes. Soon I could see it was an enormous object in size so I asked my office manager to pull off an available exit. As we watched then it was over a mountain and looked like a tower because it had a red flashing light on top. So I asked her to pull back on the highway. We had been in a large dip so when we pulled up it was just arriving. I asked my office manager. So what do you see, is that a UFO? She studied it as it approached us at what seemed like a fairly slow speed, it was like floating for a few seconds, by now it was very close and you could see whatever it was it was enormous. It looked like at that point a giant car floating through the sky with headlights probably 20 or 30 feet around that turned with the craft. It was swooping towards us so I said “pull over” as she whipped out of traffic traveling at 80mph with lots of traffic that had to be witnessing the same thing.  My wife pulled over behind us as she was following us. I was jumping out of the truck as she was slowing,. By now it was beginning to pass us overhead but it slowed to nearly a stop, like floating as I stared straight up at the bottom of it. It nearly blocked out the sky from where I was standing. I quickly measured it with my eye in comparison to the width of the freeway and decided that if it were to land there that it would cover the whole freeway both sides and probably hang over both sides by 2 or 300 feet. I estimated it to be about 600 feet or more. I have 30 years in construction so I usually have a pretty good eye. If I were to have held out my arms to the sky I would guess they would be at about a 45 degree angle. I was so wrapped up in getting every detail that I couldn’t take the time to take a photo with my cell phone. It looked like two huge pontoons on each side of a disc or saucer shape and all over the bottom I could see like rectangle windows (or what appeared to be). Each window was surrounded with a very soft light that I would say was a glowing greenish light. And the whole perimeter of the bottom seemed to be outlined with this light. It was probably 500 to 1000 feet above me as it slowed to almost a stop over my head. I noticed I could not hear any sound at all. The pontoons were hard to make out other than I could see the shape how they blocked out the stars and they also had white corner marker lights. In the very bottom of where the saucer came to a point in the bottom there was almost like a slit where it looked like a door would be. Underneath everything seemed to be outlined with that soft greenish light. As it flew over it started to gain speed and elevation still heading north only probably about 10 miles from Norad and slightly veering to the east as it disappeared I could see again its enormous size and the white marker lights on all the corners and also one red light in the center of the peak of the saucer. I got back in the truck and we pulled out onto the highway and I noticed there was another one that was approaching on the right much smaller in size probably about 1000 feet or so in elevation and about 1500 feet to my right. This one however was completely different it seemed to be more like a cubic shape by the marker lights that were all white, except a large blue light in the center. No red light on this one, it stayed on  the west side of I-25 as it headed north, where as the other one crossed over the freeway still flying quite parallel to the highway. I thought this one was skirting Fort Carson for some kind of security for the large ship. In comparison to the moon this craft was probably about the same size as the moon at it closest point. It seemed a little larger than a large military helicopter but it seemed more awkward. Although it seemed cubicle it also seemed to have other cubicle dimensions. I am doing some drawings of what I saw but I am In the mountains and away from my scanner and will be scanning them in and sending them in the next couple of days.;38.6991;-104.7031
Strange craft hovering in fountain.;2018-04-09 19:14:00;5 minutes;Strange craft hovering in fountain We were driving west, and noticed the craft hovering, at first we thought it was a contrail, but after watching one move under the object,  I then realize it wasn't moving.   The object stayed in the same spot for about 5 minutes until an incoming storm  obstructed the view of the object.  In the photos, you can see a jet move in front of, or under, the object.  The object does not look like a cloud or contrail.;38.6991;-104.7031
