Large Grey Metallic Object Over Cheyenne Mountain (NORAD) Area.;2010-09-21 18:00:00;10 min;Large Grey Metallic Object Over Cheyenne Mountain (NORAD) Area. Around 09/21/10 at 18:00, My girlfriend wanted to go outside to catch some fresh air due to the fact we had a storm moving in over the moutains. Shortly after going outside she called me to the door and asked what is this and pointed towards the Air Force base NORAD, I looked up and sitting above the base was what looked to be an oval shaped object it was very large about the size of a tank or bigger and it seemed to just be sitting there in the sky. It was very shiny and the color was dark to med grey  but metallic. We watched it for about 10-15 mins, the clouds soon moved in and the object vanished behind the mountain. We both looked at each other and said o my god that was a UFO and agreed not to talk anymore about it. On 09/25/10 we went over to a friends house, after chatting for awhile one of our friends asked if we had seen anything werid over NORAD a couple of days ago we both looked at each other and laughed and our friend said what!, and started te! lling this story about this craft he had seen over NORAD just days before. Soon after we shared our story and after listening to the friend we soon discovered that all of us witnessed the same object on the same day over NORAD. I want to add that all 3 of us live very close to Cheyenne Mountain where NORAD is located and all of us are 100% sure that what we witnessed was not a plane or any type of known air craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.6991;-104.7031
4 of us saw these.  I have them on cell phone video posted on my FB page, I'd be happy to share.;2016-07-04 22:30:00;8-10 minutes;4 of us saw these I have them on cell phone video posted on my FB page, I'd be happy to share On July 4th, 2016, 4 of us seen 15 glowing objects in the sky NO it wasn't fireworks, we watched as they flew behind the fireworks, they looked like orange/red balls of light.  We live in the flight path of COS Airport and PAFB, and these objects flew on a DIFFERANT path.  They just coming more and more of them and when they got to the same spot in the sky the all just winked out and where GONE.  They didn't fly away they Disappeared,  They were NOT airplanes or helicopters that had NO aviation lights, they made NO sound at all.  They were UFO's I'm not saying they were Aliens but Unidentified Flying Objects    On July 4th 2016 after we seen these UFO's I called the Fountain Police who told me all I saw were fireworks, I called Ft. Carson, who said they had no other reports, I called Peterson Air Force Base who said they had NOTHING in the air that night, so I don't know what we ALL seen, BUT I can tell you there were NOT Airplanes or Helicopters, they were UFO's and by that I mean Unidentified Flying Objects. 4 of us seen them, they were LARGE Orange/Red balls, some where closer, but they ALL fly on the same Path the simply winked out and Disappeared, did ANYONE else see this ???;38.6991;-104.7031
