Object hovered low over homes, we followed it for several minutes.;2006-01-03 09:00:00;5 min;Object hovered low over homes, we followed it for several minutes. It was Tues. 01/03/06 about 9pm my son and I took the Fontaine exit off of I-25 and headed east towards Mesa Rd. As we approached the High School we say what first appeard to be a helicopter  by the way it hovered, then manovered a turn that went from heading west back east. My son witnessed the object and watched it also. I continued towards Mesa Rd watching this thing to figure out what it was because it didnt look normal to me. I reached Mesa Rd and it appeared to be decending next to Lowes but next thing I knew it turned south and flew forward low over the homes. At this point it seemed like it had a wingspan of some type and had alot more lights on. It flew above the homes about 20 or so feet it seemed. At that point it resembled a small plane and I continued down the road at about 45 miles per hour because I thought if it was a small plane in trouble it was going to crash.  I reached the end of the road and had lost track of it. I made a left and on the next road turned left again heading towards the homes.  I saw it hovering over a house a few blcks away.  It seemed every time I got close to it the thing would slowly move a block or two away. I had to find out what it was!  I cant explain the feeling I had at this point. I got real close and could see 2 sets of 3 lights clearly. I couldn't tell the shape but it looked like the light sets were formed in a triangle shape. I couldn't see a form- only the lights.   I stuck my head out of the window and could only hear my cars engine (Its a quiet engine). I struggled to make out a shape or size. I then thought of my camera phone and couldnt get in hand and working fast enough. It started moving again and all of a sudden sped south over a dark area ( maybe johnson resovior or a large field and headed south staying low and fast.  My son thought it was traveling at 100 mph, I would say it was 50-75mph.  I have a degree in accounting and I am the type of person that knows there should be a logical, scientific reason for everything but this overwhelmed me in a way nothing ever has.  I live in a military town and can reasonally believe it was some type of test flight of some kind, but I know I am constantly thinking about it.;38.6991;-104.7031
5 Red light object floating over Fountain, CO;2011-09-06 23:30:00;5 minutes;5 Red light object floating over Fountain, CO I just let my dogs out to go the bathroom before bed, I do every night. I always look to the sky, because of my interest in the possibilty of  other lifeforms.  I looked up and saw this pattern of lights that I have never seen anywhere before.  I live right next to a miltary base, and near a few air traffic paths.  I have seen just about every aircraft that should be in the skies above me, this was NOT one of those!  It was a four sided craft I assume because it had 4 (flare red) red lights coming from it, and had another coming  from the bottom of it. It was a very intense red light too.  It was about 800-1000ft. from the ground, and floated North to South. I say floated, due to the speed it was moving.   It seemed way too slow for it to be airborne.  It went over the house and out of sight, so I ran through the house pulling my girlfriend outside to see it too.  We both stood on the front porch and watched it until it dissappeared. As it approached a very light and whispy set of clouds, it’s lights started to strobe and flicker,.  Then, just before it entered the clouds, it paused. All the lights then went flickered,faded (still flickering) and then blacked out.  It made no noise at all, it was only visible.  I hear planes and choppers all the time where I live, this is NOT one of those, or were the lights that were on it.  I want to be very clear on this because I know what I saw is not something I have seen before. What an awesome feeling to witness something like this.;38.6991;-104.7031
During the Eclipse I notice a craft moving across the sky east to southwest.;2017-08-21 12:00:00;8:00;During the Eclipse, I notice a craft moving across the sky east to southwest.;38.6991;-104.7031
