A series of 11 ,completely silent, lights(objects) flying in a straight line.;2013-02-23 17:20:00;15 minutes;A series of 11 ,completely silent, lights(objects) flying in a straight line. On my way home from work on 2/23/13 I noticed 2 orange or amber colored lights coming from the southwest flying over the lake which I lived on.  I stopped on the road to look because the lights seemed to low to be a airplane.  As I watched I noticed a 3rd and then a 4th light appear and so on.  I thought maybe they were helicopters so I rolled down my window to listen but they were completely silent. They flew to the northeast and the first light disappeared into the cloud cover. By then a 5th light appeared. All the lights were evenly spaced and traveling at the same speed, which was to slow to be a aircraft other than a helicopter.  If these lights were helicopters the blade chop from several would of been loud, but they were dead silent. As soon as one would go into the cloud cover, another would appear.  I counted a total of 11 objects in all, they were spaced out enough that only a couple were ever viewable at one time. I was in the military and have seen just about every aircraft there is and I know of none that are silent and can fly slowly.  Also I do not believe a helicopter pilot would fly above the cloud cover, specially in the dark. I was able to get a picture with my phone and you can clearly see 2 of the objects above the lake. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.6966;-90.4027
Bright light in western sky over Phillips moves in uneven patterns.;2015-07-01 22:30:00;2-3 hours;Bright light in western sky over Phillips moves in uneven patterns. For the past 3 or more months we have seen a very bright light in the western sky each night.  It cannot be a planet because it moves back and forth. Sometimes it is joined by a smaller dimmer light.  They mover South to North a ways, then move back.  The bright one will sometimes move up-down-sideways.  No repeated pattern. There sometimes seems to be similar light movement on the ground below.  Not sure what that is. We are most concerned about the lights in the sky.  Planets do NOT move across the sky, then return, then move away and out of sight.   No reports in news or from officials.  Why? ((NUFORC Note:  Venus and Jupiter.  No reports in the news because the objects probably were Venus and Jupiter…and because the witnesses did not report them to the news.  PD));45.6966;-90.4027
