Field and woods light up by a red light that has no source. Light seems to scan area for about a minute. Object turns lights on and lan;1995-08-05 22:00:00;3 minutes;Field and woods light up by a red light that has no source. Light seems to scan area for about a minute. Object turns lights on and lands without making a sound. Country setting in northern Wisconsin  with no other houses around. A heavy thunderstorm left the area to the east within the past few minutes.  The sky is cloudy with light mist and high dewpoint. Observer looking out from open window at field with distance swamp and woods(150 yards distant to the east). Woods and swamp are scanned by a dim red light that has no source(usually in high humidity a light beam will refect or be noticed in the heavy air). Ground area lit up the red light about 100 feet in diameter. Light moves around back and forth and it takes about a minute to cover about 20 acers of woods. Red light stops and object in sky at about an altitude of 300 feet and distance of 300 yards turns on 2 intense beams of light that point out level torward the horizon over the house. The souce of the lights move toward the house.I could see actual points that emitted the lights from an object but could not say what shape it was. The lights slowly turn toward the ground and the object seems to land where the 2 beams of lights lit up the ground in a depression about 10 feet deep and 150 feet across. On the ground the object spins around several times very fast with the 2 beams of lights turning back up into the sky at about 45 degee angle The lights go out,and nothing else is seen or heard. There was no wind that night and the object made no sound, it was a very still summer night. The landing site was about 150 yards away in a  depression with small trees. Observer felt that if it was a helicopter there would of been some sound and that by landing in a area of trees the blades would have hit them causing a crash. There was a lot of clear level field to make a safe landing if a helicopter wanted to. There are no helicopers based within 50 miles and no craft would of been up in that severe storm. Observer is a photographer 50 years old.;45.6966;-90.4027
