Saw a blue floating orb outside my window that proceeded to explode emitting a LOUD sound;2006-07-08 01:45:00;less than 1 min;Saw a blue floating orb outside my window that proceeded to explode emitting a LOUD sound Im not sure of the date, but I remember it was after the 4th of July and it was a weekend. It was 1:45 in the morning and I was in my living room watching tv. To the right of me I have a huge picture window and out of the corner of my eye I saw something BRIGHT blue. I turned to look at what it was (figuring it was late fireworks)and saw a BRIGHT blue orb-like thing that was a bit larger than a basketball. It was just hovering about 5 feet outside my window (Im on the 2nd floor of my apartment building and all thats outside that window is about 15 ft of air and then a green strip of trees). It was blue with a small glowing white center and a light, I guess, foglike white around the outside of the blue section. After starring at this maybe 10-15 seconds the thing exploded. It was like watching pictures we have of a supernova explosion. It turned completely white and exploded in this blinding shiny white and was probably the size of a kitchen table at its largest as it exploded. And the really weird part is while it was exploding it let off the loudest sound I have ever heard. It wasnt a rumbling like thunder, it was like a pop and a snap that seems to resonate throughout the apartment. I have never heard a sound like this. I felt like I could feel the waves and it shook my floor slightly. I mean my ears were ringing it was so loud. And then it was gone. Not a trace. After sitting there just flabbergasted for about 1 min I went to the window and looked out and saw nothing out of the ordinary. I know I wasnt dreaming or hallucinating because my cats were looking at the orb when I was and both ran across the room and hid when it exploded and the sound came out. I dont know what it was- but I think its safe I can say it wasnt of this world. I never saw or heard anything like that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.3171853658537;-122.339295934959
