08/21/00- My husband and I saw an object that defies earths current technological abilities moving through the night sky near Seattle.;2000-08-21 22:50:00;until 1:00 am;08/21/00- My husband and I saw an object that defies earths current technological abilities moving through the night sky near Seattle. I was going to bed at 10:50pm Monday night when I looked out the window at the sky.  I saw a very bright shimmering light that was heading directly toward me.  We live in a landing pattern path for Sea-Tac so I assumed it was a plane coming in for the final approach.  I left the room for a couple of minutes and when I came back  the light was still in the same place and there were colored lights flashing all around its perimeter.  I have never seen a plane do that, or look like that so I got the binoculars for a closer look.  There was a dark object that had a shape similar to an airplane but was rounder in the center, with a big  wing  span.  The colored lights were very bright and seemed to be flashing in a random manner.  It was still in the same place.  At this point I awoke my husband and told him to look.  He did and was as amazed as I was.  It was no plane.  It was no star.  It was a craft of some sort and it was right in front of us!  He watched it for several minutes and had to return to bed for a early rising hour.  I continued to watch with and without the binoculars.  The craft had indeed moved but so slowly you couldn't detect it.  I had placed its position at the top of a tree that stands below our house when I first saw it.  When my husband went back to bed a little after 11, it had moved slightly upward in a north easterly direction.  By this time I had decided that I was watching a ufo and that I would watch it for as long as it took for it to do something. I drew a rough diagram of the dark shape that I saw, wrote down the colors of the lights and continued the watching until 1:00am. The craft had moved upward at about a 40-45 degree angle in a north easterly direction until the last hour when it seemed to shift its heading to a more southerly direction.  At that time the eave of the roof got in the way so I went to bed. The craft had 9 lights.  One in the center, larger than the other 8.  That light flashed from bright blue to a silvery white.  The lights that would have been on the  wing  tips if it were a plane also flashed the blue and silvery color.  The remainder of the lights flashed a rusty orange, silvery white.  The flashing was random to the eye.  There was a distinct strobing effect every 1/2 second or so that was a pale electric blue.  The strobe was only visible through the binoculars, but was visible from the closest point to the furtherest point. I am snail-mailing my drawing of the shape within the lights for your perusal.  Thanks for your time. ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  The report seems to us to be both sincere and well prepared.  We do not understand how an object can be either in, or near, an airport Terminal Control Area, which Sea-Tac has, and the airport apparently continues to function normally.  We would have guessed that the report had been caused by a twinkling star, but it apparently moved in the wrong direction in the course of the night.  We also do not understand why a witness would look at something as bizarre as this object was, and not get a photograph, call the press or television, call out neighbors, etc., all of which is absent from the report.  We do not know what the witnesses observed last night!  PD));47.3171853658537;-122.339295934959
Bright blue light in federal way Washington;2012-03-25 19:00:00;30 seconds;Bright blue light in federal way Washington I was in federal way Washington and seen a bright blue light with a streak on the back kind of looked like a a blue steak of light thought it was a plane we live on the flight pattern into Boeing airport here please tell me some else seen it it went from small to big and it looked like it blue up and what I mean is it got really bright it streaked across the sky and I seen it through a tree and the it just disappeared into the night sky it lit up the hole sky !!!;47.3171853658537;-122.339295934959
1/13/19 close encounter with a 17'-20' tall Alien Robot;2019-01-13 01:30:00;5-8 minutes;1/13/19 close encounter with a 17'-20' tall Alien Robot Reporting on my close encounter of the 3rd kind the early morning of January 13th, 2019. 1:30 AM      I was sitting in my car while my dogs were out for a run at large business campus located near my home.  My dogs had been gone over an hour.  They were over due to return. Coming out of no where I heard what sounded similar to someone hollering or yelling something.  I immediately turned around in my seat to look for what made the sound.  Through my  rear car window in the distance, about 100 yards away, I saw colored  lights high up in the trees.  In that same glance I saw my dogs very rapidly, running back and forth while jumping and running and jumping  repeatedly. It was 1:30 am and dark.  The only lights are the two street lights near where my car was parked.  Yet the small area surrounding my dogs was illuminated by a low light.  Where they running and jumping was directly below the colored lights.  My urgent thought were I had to get my dogs!  I jumped out of my car as fast as I could while grabbing the dog leashes and went to the other side of my car to try and get a better look at what I was seeing, while I put the leashes around my neck as I was preparing to go retrieve my dogs.  The colored lights high up in the trees were astounding.  What was that?  I could tell it was something standing and maybe it was looking down at my dogs down below and the ruckus they were creating.  The only thing it looked like, I quickly concluded, was some kind of machine or a robot.  It had power because the lights were on.  I concluded again that it must be a quite large, and very tall robot. I could not make out an outline of the shape for this robot but it had a large round red light in the center of its head or the top part of this thing where a face would be.  This was incredible, unexpected, and amazing to see what really did appear to be robot out here.  I  thought this robot must  belong to the Weyerhaueser company and they were taking their robot for a late at night walk?  Of course that did not make sense being that Weyerhaueser was a tree growing comp! any. I just watched in amazement what was happening before me. In addition to the round red light that was near the top or the head of the robot, I saw at least 3 more lights.  On the right side and a bit lower was round medium dark blue light.  On the  left side  was a  green light and a white/yellow light.  The lights on the left side were lower than the blue light on the right side.  And Somewhere from this robot was a light that illuminated the ground below it.  I could not see any spot light or beam of light to the ground.  I also could not see any extremities or feet.  I wish now that I would have looked to see beyond where my dogs had been running and jumping in the low light.  That must have been where the feet or the base for this robot was.  I recall seeing the grass as they were running and jumping but I don’t recall what was behind them. This was all very fascinating, and almost unbelievable, but I knew what I was seeing was real.  I was not scared, but I urgently wanted to get my dogs.  A minute or so had passed since I was out of my car getting ready to walk.  I continued to look at  the robot and began to call my dogs names.  The robot heard me.  The red light was shifted where it had been looking and now it looked directly at me!  Our Our eyes locked in a gaze.  To clarify that would be my eyes and the red light.  I wondered what it was thinking about as it looked so directly at me.  I do believe we both knew we had been spotted by the other.  I ended the gazing after a few seconds because it was creeping me out and it's not a polite to stare.  I set out to retrieve my dogs.  Instinctually, I knew the robot would see that I was on my way to get my dogs.  I did not freak out, I did not threaten.  I went back to minding my own business.  It was probably relieved that I was going to get those annoying dogs out of his way.  I called out to my dogs again to come and began to walk very quickly in a diagonal direction across the field towards the where the robot was and where my dogs were.  I called their names again, Juno!  Thor!  Come! Juno! Thor!  Come!  My focus was completely about getting my dogs and nothing else. I ignored the robot.  As I kept walking another dozen steps or so, it occurred to me for the first time that getting close to the robot could be dangerous.  Could be, but for some reason  I was not afraid.  However I did adjust my diagonal direction to be  a bit wider-as to  keep a little closer to the road and end up farther away from the robot instead of directly in front of it.  I kept looking ahead for my dogs and called their names. After a couple minutes of walking, I stopped and turned around.  I don’t know what made me stop and turn around to look, i didn't hear anything.  That was weird.   When I turned around, there they dogs sitting there unusually calm.  I put the leashes on the dogs and changed direction to head directly to the road and my car.  I was now on the path that is near the tree line that goes through the field. I was feeling much relief having my dogs back.  After a moment  I turned around to take one last quick look at the robot.  It was not there and I did not see any sign of it when I took a quick look around.  I resumed walking but not for more than a few seconds and I decided I was not satisfied with the sudden disappearance of the robot.  I knew it couldn't have got too far.  I looked for the robot again.  This time I looked  harder and farther, nothing.  I walked a short way towards the center of the field and then up a short ways to  get to higher ground.  That worked and I could see farther.  I saw the robot in the distance, I'd guess a couple hundred yards, or so.   The trail has a gradual curve to the right as it goes on to the north.  The red light caught my eye or I doubt I would have seen it. The robot was taller than the trees right there.  I had a pretty good idea where the robot was at that point.  I know the trails on this side of the campus well because I have walked this area with my dogs easily over a  hundred times.  I could see the robots shape  better  in the distance than when it was close and in front of me.  But  I could only see the top of it  because the rest of the robot was hidden by trees.  I could only see the upper part of it,  which was the shape similar to what a human looks like.  I could see a head above shoulders and part of the upper back below the shoulders.  That's as far down as I could see because of the trees.  The red light which was in the front of the head when I first saw it, was not on the head at all.  It was extended out on the rights side of the head  being supported by two brackets that were maybe a couple feet long.  The image reminded me of a man wearing a painters cap with the visor part off to the side.  The robot was lo! oking off to the side and downward.  The robot was looking for something and it swayed gently from side to side with each step.  The low light was illuminating below the red light towards the ground. But I could only see the top portion of the robot and the light.  It was walking away from me heading north and I could tell and it was looking for something. How incredible this had all been.  I was elated that I got to see this robot.  How many people get to see something this cool I thought to myself as I began to walk back to my car.  I took my dogs home and dropped them off.  I didn’t even go in the house because I was excited to go see a few friends that I knew were hanging out together that evening so I could share what had just happened.  And I did just that.;47.3171853658537;-122.339295934959
Moving tiny objects across sky (looked like a 100 stars), all moving same direction for more than 3hrs!;2021-06-05 22:00:00;10:00pm -2:00am;Moving tiny objects across sky (looked like a 100 stars), all moving same direction for more than 3hrs!;47.3171853658537;-122.339295934959
