Unusual object sighted in Pacific Northwest sky;2001-06-03 14:00:00;5 minutes;Unusual object sighted in Pacific Northwest sky When returning inside with the newspaper, I glanced up at the sound of a passing jet headed for the airport.  As the jet passed,  I caught sight of another object, oval-shaped, light-colored with a dark circular spot in the center.  I was looking up at a steep angle so could only see the bottom of the object.  The only reason I spotted it was because the sky was overcast with dark clouds that day.  With a normal clear sky I would have never seen this object. It was slowly moving from north to south with a slight oscillating wobble about the vertical central axis.  Althought the object had a definite shape, the edges were oddly indistinct as though viewed through diffuse glass.  When it reached a spot due east of me, it stopped and hovered for a minute before almost leisurely continuing on south until out of sight.;47.3171853658537;-122.339295934959
Something I can't identify with.... it was the way that these objects moved that intrigued me!!;2002-08-14 13:58:00;3 minutes;Something I can't identify with.... it was the way that these objects moved that intrigued me!! I was walking out of a local shopping store and started to load my vehicle with shopping bags. My 3 year old daughter said mommy what is that as she pointed acrossed the street. It is almost 8 pm and the sun was setting and the Sears building at the Sea-Tac Mall was a bright orange color. I said silly, it is a building. She moved her finger to aim higher saying no that, what are those she asked adamantly! I was holding her up in my arms and could not answer her as I continued to try and figure it out for myself. I turned to ask someone in the parking lot if there eyes were better than my (20/20 vision). She was just getting out of her car, looked up and said I don't know and walked to the store. I was hoping that they would come up with some brillant insight for this occurrence or at least see something more clear than apparently me. I stood there watching what seemed to be a mixture of possibilities but no one answer Blue Angels Jets, lost small bundle of balloons, birds or something I can't identify with.... 1)Blue Angels, were in town for the hydroplane races for the week of August 6th, but not too likely that they would still be in town. I mention them because when I was watching them at the races sometimes they would go into different pattern and would get so high in the sky that they would almost look like little dots in the sky. After seeing the Blue Angles I could determine that these four things did not fly like the jet, but seemed to be floating or drifting to the SouthWest. 2)Lost small bundle of balloons is kind of the best way to discribe their casual movement toward the airplane flight route. They were all the same size... like bally black ovals, but not balloons! Three of these objects danced around, but not in front of one that seemed to have more of a focus. They were higher than the airplanes that where flying by, but for example they seemed like three playful cubs, staying close to their mother as they went for a walk. 3)Birds... well there was something in the clear blue sky, but I will difinitely protest to chalk it up to a flock of birds flying south for the winter, especially since it is still summer. 4)Something I can't identify with.... it was the way that these objects moved that intrigued me! Moving slowly at a SW angle, yet almost hopping up and around another. I saw them moving from four high, diamond, almost v-ish to three high and one in front. I kept looking up as I loaded the bags, still trying to think of an answer for my daughter repeated question, but I don't know was the best I could do. I looked up again and they were gone!!! I called my step dad and asked him to get out the telescope and told him what I just saw.;47.3171853658537;-122.339295934959
