Paced the UFO for about 3 minutes at 30 mph.;2004-03-19 23:15:00;3 min.;Paced the UFO for about 3 minutes at 30 mph. Around 11 pm on Friday night three of us decided to go to a local pub. Driving west on US route 6 out of Sheffield Lake towards Lorain Ohio at about 35 mph in light traffic, the road is only one lane in each direction and follows the southern shore of Lake Erie, homes line both sides of the road, the ones on our right have the lake as their backyard and are about 200 to 300 ft off the road. Myself and one other person are in the first vehicle and a friend was following in another. Ahead on the right is a cluster of trees near the city limits and through that I see a very bright white light appearing motionless. There are sometimes Medical helicopters traveling along the shoreline but this was not moving. As we cleared the trees there it was about 50 ft above the lake right next to a large 3 story house, a very bright white light that appeared to be star shaped but as we got closer you could make out faintly in the light a saucer shaped object with a dome on top and one red and blue light below it, steady not flashing. The light was very intense yet gave no reflection, not on the house or on the ground. Iam still driving westbound in some traffic, I slowed down and want to stop but unless you go into a driveway you can't. Then the object started moving, pacing us at about 30mph, still maintaining its position over the shore line and going behind houses, yet no reflection on anything. It looked to be about 20 to 25 ft in diameter and did not change it's appearance. My feind said be carefull driving, since I was staring at the ufo. All of a sudden a feeling of fear came over me, not just being afraid but near terror. I was driving ok and leaving about seven or eight car lenths behind the car in front because I was trying to make out exactly what the shape within that light was and keeping along side of it. Then I thought fear,fear what's with this fear. Then all of a sudden the fear left and a felling of contentment repaced it. A close encounter ? I couldn't tell you but remember we're still going down the road. We were watching the ship the whole time when after about 5 blocks, we made the one traffic light, the ufo started to speed up, just got faster and faster heading in a westbound direction and climbing in the sky until it its light became a pinpoint and was over the horizon. The climb was very gradual as it excellerated away very smoothly, no sound was heard.  The sky was clear and when it was over I made a comment but my friend said nothing. The person following us didn't see a thing, said he was busy with the cd player in his car. I have sent in a few other reports from my part of the country but never anyting like this. The geographical location is near Avon Point on Lake Erie and I have read other accounts from here. Oh by the way, I downed a drink as soon as we got to the pub. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));41.4802;-82.0997
