Triangular_Precision_manuevering_1995;1995-08-14 20:30:00;5 minutes;Triangular_Precision_manuevering_1995 This is an account of an experience I had long ago. I know it is fact and I always keep this with me as my life experience:  When I was between the ages of 10 and 13 (1993 - 1996) I attended YMCA Summer camp in Silver falls State Park in Silverton, Oregon. I remember one amazing experience I had involving triangular craft. My friend ((name deleted)) and I left our cabin group and stayed behind in the cabin area of camp, while the other children went to dinner. Alex and I lied down on a mattress pad outside of the cabins and were watching the stars. This area of Oregon has very tall fir-trees and we were watching the sky through a gap in the trees. From our right side a round bright white light crested over a large evergreen tree. It seemed to be no more than 30 -50 feet above the treetop. It moved closer towards us and as it did, two more lights become unblocked by the tree and a clear triangle shape was formed by these bright lights. The craft seemed to be the size of a large sized airplane. It was silent and moved very slowly. I remember expecting to see men repel from it on ropes, but it suddenly moved to our north and disappeared VERY quickly. Then in the horizon something caught my eye to our right side, I looked to the horizon through the trees and saw three bright white objects come together from different areas of the sky. These three objects formed a triangle of the exact proportions of the craft that had been close to us. To my amazement this formation suddenly accelerated vertically and disappeared into outer space. I kept my eyes steady in the sky, my eyes following its trajectory. Then I witnessed what appeared to be three stars break away from the night sky and come together to form yet another triangle with the same proportions as the first craft. This triangular star formation then suddenly shot across the sky like a meteorite, leaving a white streak in the heavens. Afterwards I asked ((name deleted)) if he saw the second and third triangle formations and he said “no”. When I asked him about the first craft, he seemed uninterested in discussing it. We never spoke of it again together and our friendship ended soon after that night. I rarely speak of this event. This was such an amazing encounter and when I read other flying craft encounters, I have never found one as interesting as my own. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));44.9929;-122.7659
A brightly light object hoovered over tree farm near Silverton, Oregon tree farm at 2 am.;2007-11-04 02:00:00;10 minutes;A brightly light object hoovered over tree farm near Silverton, Oregon tree farm at 2 am. At about 2 am I saw an object that was triangular in shape and about the size of a large coast guard helicopter hovering about 100 feet off the ground about 200 yards away from my house.   The object made no noise and was covered with bright and brilliantly colored lights that included red, green, blue, white and orange.  The lights were similar in brightness and intensity of those on police cars and other emergency vehicles.  The lights were blinking like Christmas tree lights.   The object was hovering over fir tree seedling beds and for the first couple of minutes illuminated the tree seedling beds with a flood light.   After a couple of minutes I had thought of grabbing a camera and tripod, but this would be a hard shot in short notice.   The object started to sway side to side and up and down then very slowly moved to the south. The location here is 10 miles south of town in a remote area comprised of forest and tree farms.  The latitude and longitude here Is 44’54.654 122’39.666.   I have a lot of training in emergency communications and emergency management and have active in the Amateur Radio Emergency Services for more than 20 years.  This kind of event is not covered.;44.9929;-122.7659
Three dancing & twirling reddish lights;2010-03-06 20:35:00;30 seconds;Three dancing & twirling reddish lights Observed 3 reddish, pulsating lights in a triangular shape. The one took off slowly and disappeared. I went into the house to get my phone and call my neighbor and when I stepped outside with the phone, it wouldn't work. The other two were dancing and twirling around. Then they slowly began to move away and then they disappeared.;44.9929;-122.7659
