Unknown, silent craft seen and heard scrapping along tree tops in Oregon.;2019-02-07 19:30:00;15 seconds;Unknown, silent craft seen and heard scrapping along tree tops in Oregon I am writing this report for my 15 year old daughter, ((Daughter's name deleted)). Last night, she was feeding her horses with our dog by the barn which is in an oak tree grove at a short distance from our house.  She first noticed the horses acting strangely.  They became excited and nervous.  Normally, when she is feeding them, they are calm and docile.  Then, our dog became spooked and tried to run away from the barn and back to the house.  He had to stop at the gate where he stayed at a distance pacing nervously. ((Daughter's name deleted)) looked around to see if there was a wild animal around that was causing the animals to act strangely.  She did not see anything but she did hear the sound of something scraping along the tops of the trees by the barn.   She looked up and, in the dark, could make out some sort of craft slowly gliding across the top of the trees.  There was no sound except for the sound of something hitting the very top of the trees.  There were no lights.  It was too dark for her to see the object clearly. The object was moving roughly south to north at a very slow pace. ((Daughter's name deleted)) had the feeling that the craft, or whatever was operating it, was aware of her presence. After it cleared the oak grove and moved further north, she noticed a pink glow in the northern horizon that she thought may have been directly related to the craft. I decided to write about this encounter because this is the second craft that ((Daughter's name deleted)) has seen by the barn.  The first sighting was a daytime sighting in which the craft followed the exact same south to north path. In the first sighting, from approximately 3 years ago, ((Daughter's name deleted)) first noticed that everything in her general vicinity went still and silent.  She noticed movement above her and saw a very low flying, triangular shaped, metallic craft slowly flying above the tree tops.  Again, there was no noise and no lights.  The craft glided slowly above the oak grove and over to the north. At the time, ((Daughter's name deleted)) said the craft was silver in color and that it had a glass window of some sort on the top where the pilot could theoretically see out of it.  She had never seen any type of airplane that looked similar.  She could not see through the window because she was beneath the craft and was at the wrong angle to see inside the window on the top of the craft. In both cases, she said that she kept blinking her eyes and shaking her head to clear her mind because she could not believe what she was seeing.  She was so confused both times as the craft flew overhead that she just stared at it trying to adjust her eyes so that she could figure out what she was witnessing.  It was not until the craft was gone that she became alarmed and came straight up to the house to report the sightings to me. ((Daughter's name deleted)) is not prone to flights of fancy.  She was visibly shaken after both sightings.  I absolutely believe that she saw something that she could not explain or understand in both cases. I asked if there was any type of motor or engine that she could see.  She said, in both cases, that she could not hear any noise at all.  In the daytime sighting she said that the craft was smooth, and that she saw no engines, motors, or other  forms of propulsion. ((Daughter/witness)) drew a picture of the craft from 3 years ago.  If I can find it, I will send it in to Mr. Davenport. ((ADDENDUM FROM CAREFUL READER)) ...observer said in her report that it was too dark to see much---but the time of viewing was 5:30 pm!! ((END ADDENDUM FROM READER)) ((ADDENDUM FROM PARTY WHO SUBMITTED THE REPORT)) Mr. Davenport, I apologize, I did mean 17:30.  (sic.  19:30 hrs.)  I must have changed that at the last minute… ((END ADDENDUM)) ((nuforc Note:  We have changed the time to 19:30 p.m..  PD));44.9929;-122.7659
