Several lights coming straight toward the dock where we were fishing slowly turn and fly over the trees.;1985-07-07 23:00:00;1 to 2 minutes;Several lights coming straight toward the dock where we were fishing slowly turn and fly over the trees. I am not sure of the exact date that this event happened. My wife, my late mother-in-law and my two children along with myself were sitting on the dock fishing at Lake Sinclair. It was very dark and quiet. We had the light off on the dock so the bugs would not bother us. We were having a peaceful time when we all noticed that several lights were coming toward us out over the water. They did not seem to be on the lake but above the lake about 20 to 30 feet or more. There was a light in front and several different color lights that seemed to following the one in front. It did not make any noise. The lights did not all move at the same time but seemed to move in a chain like formation. The one in front moved and the others would then follow it. My wife said, What is that? I said joking that it was a UFO. The children were so frightened they clung to my wife and my mother-in-law. I thought it was a boat coming toward us. The lights continued slowly coming toward us. I also became frightened but I didn't let my family know. I thought it was going to continue directly toward us. I wanted to get up and run off the dock but was so shocked I couldn't move. When the lights were about a hundred feet or so from the dock they turned slowly and went up over the trees and we did not see them again. We turned to the TV to see if there was any reports about what we saw but we didn't hear anything. We have only told a few people about what we saw that night. I knew people would think we were making it up. I have worked for a manufacturing company for over 40 years and I served in the Army during the Vietnam War. I have never witnessed anything like that before and have never seen anything like that since. There may be an explanation for what we saw that night but I do not have one. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));33.3123;-83.3644000000001
