It was about 11:30 at night, when my brother came into my room and told me to look out my window. He seemed very excited but also a lit;1998-05-15 23:30:00;15min;It was about 11:30 at night, when my brother came into my room and told me to look out my window. He seemed very excited but also a little scared. I looked out the window and I saw a bright blinking light, with 2 other lights below in the shape of a triangle off in the distance. The 2 lights below were not blinking, only the top one. I did'nt think anything of it at first, until I saw it move. As I was watching it, the light would blink, then almost instantly, blink again in another spot in the sky. It's movements were sort of erratic, almost in the same sort of way an eye ball will move while looking at differant thing throughout a room. We live near a millitary base and I just figured it was something they were testing, and I just forgot about it, until I read a report on this site.  That is what I remember, but just for clearity, my brother would like to submit the way he remembers it too.    I was lying awake in my bed looking out of my window because I couldnt sleep when I saw what at first looked like an airplane with its landing lights on it didnt seem strange to me at all untill I noticed that there was no sound coming from this plane  by this time my curiousity peaked and i opend my window in the expectation that i would hear jet engins roaring however when i did all i heard were the sounds of a breez blowing through the trees in our back yard suddenly the light was gone and when it next apeared it was about three hundred feet from my back yard and about 100 feet above the ground. it came up to my house and pased over, it couldn't have been any more that 60 or 70 feet over the roof top as i saw it pass by it flashed a beem onto the house and the surounding area i followed it as best i could i went to my brothers room to see it(his room is directly across from mine)i stood at his window waiting to see what would happen but it just sat there no sound no movment so i thought quickly and woke my brother as to make sure i had a witness and that i wanst dreaming or crazy. and thats where my brothers story picks up. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.387;-104.7792
two bright white lights with a translucent veil traveled from south west to North  horizon just before dawn.;2011-05-30 04:20:00;10 min;two bright white lights with a translucent veil traveled from south west to North  horizon just before dawn. White lights at least twice as large and 3 times as bright than Jupiter. Lights look to be about 500 feet or more apart.  No noise,  The craft had a translucent veil or hue that extended beneath, in a J shape that did not change. As the craft moved slowly  from south west from my view point the lights looked to be side by side with a hue around it and  extending down.  As it crosses the west the lights look to be one in front of the other  and the hue/veil  looked to be in the shape of J. Then as it got to the north horizon I could make out a distinct triangle shape to it.  Also to note the environment it was very different than normal it was dead quiet not one morning bird was singing this whole time as they normally do at this time of day.  Then as the craft disappeared at the horizon all went back to normal;38.387;-104.7792
Three flashing lights in a triangle shape over my neighbor's home.;2018-05-07 17:00:00;7 minutes;Three flashing lights in a triangle shape over my neighbor's home. We saw three flashing lights over my neighbor’s house.  They were flashing out of sequence. These lights form a triangle. and the lights themselves resemble the lights of an airport runway but very bright white.   I started filming and call my wife, so she could see what I was seeing.  My camera was acting up.  As soon as I called my wife they started to move away very quickly.   After that I went to check my film, but it was corrupted.  I could not open it.  I went online on YouTube to see if it could be fix.  I was able to save some of it, but it still was very damaged.;38.387;-104.7792
