Object with 3 large spotlights making absolutely no noise as it flew over us.;2000-01-05 19:55:00;5 minutes;Object with 3 large spotlights making absolutely no noise as it flew over us. My wife and I were leaving my parents house about 3 miles north of Hawkinsville last night.  We saw what appeared to be a large single spot light to the south (possibly between us and town).  We stopped in the drive way and turned off the vehicle.  The light did not appear to be moving at all.  After a few minutes the object began to bank to the east and then back to the north.  At this time it appeared that there were in fact three lights on the object.  It seems possible that the lights were on the wing tips and the front landing gear of an aircraft.   There were a few strange things: 1. absolutely silent, no noise of any kind, not even when the object passed by and was leaving our area.  We appeared to be directly behind the object (usually you will hear some sort of rumble after a plane leaves.)  2. The object was not moving for a number of minutes (I realize that an airplane coming straight towards you does not appear to be moving).  3.  It had an odd red flashing light on top, in the middle of the object.  It looked like an old style red ambulance light flashing. I have been a private pilot for about 15 years and an airplane buff all my life.  This object baffled me.  It was one of those situations that makes the hair stand up on the back of your neck. I should also mention that we are located about 25 miles south of Robins Air Force Base in Warner Robins GA.  This may have been some sort of military plane, it did not look like an airplane and it did not look like anything I had ever seen before.;32.275;-83.4981
Massive triangle at very low altitude and low speed.;2019-09-26 02:20:00;90 seconds;Massive triangle at very low altitude and low speed. Was just home from work and still outside when I heard a very low rumble but not like a plane would make and not loud enough to wake anyone.  Looked to the east and saw what I first thought was two separate objects each with a constant white light and blinking red light.  Lights were about two football fields apart.   very low about 100 feet above the tree line and descending slightly but there is no airstrip or room to land in this area.  I realized object was moving too slow and lights were too well matched in movement for it to be two separate craft in formation.  As it passed only about half mile away from me I realized it was one very large craft and moving extremely slow about 40 - 60 mph east to west. Within about 1/4 mile of passing it was no longer visible above tree line.  Craft was massive, I could only judge length but no idea how wide it may have been and I got the impression it was heavy due to the low rumble it made in flight.  I don't see how such an! object could sustain flight at this height and speed.;32.275;-83.4981
