A bright light was seen very close to my property behind a stand of poplars, staying on for 30 seconds and then suddenly going off.;2011-05-21 01:00:00;5 minutes;A bright light was seen very close to my property behind a stand of poplars, staying on for 30 seconds and then suddenly going off. At 1:21 am May 21, 2011 I was getting ready for bed.  I noticed a back porch light on and flipped a switch near the window of my upstairs window to turn it off. Just then, I noticed a very bright light on the other side of a stand of Poplar trees to the east of our property and very close to our house.  The trees were blocking my vision so all I could see was the light.  I have never seen anything like it.  The light appeared to be coming from something very close.   We live in the foothills along the Wasatch Front in Davis County, Utah.  We are on the north edge of a gully on a ridge that drops several hundred feet.   The light seemed to be coming from something hovering like a helicopter with its search lights on just to the east of our property.  It was not high in the sky, nor was it on the ground.  I thought at first that it may be a truck on the service road that hugs the mountainside with its headlights turned west in my direction but the light was much brighter than what light would filter across the gully at such a distance.  It was like a spotlight had been turned on.  A huge spotlight, big enough to produce a light that fill! ed the neighbor's yard. I heard no loud sound like a helicopter would make, although the windows were closed.  Suddenly the light went out.  This whole thing lasted about 30 seconds. I moved to the next room where there is a huge window facing south east and overlooking the mountains.  Along the bench or base of the mountains there are power lines connected to towers strung out across the mountain from north to south for miles in each direction.  On this bench I saw a pillar of light as if a power line tower was suddenly aflame although the light was white-yellow and not orange like a fire.  Other lights flashed close to this pillar, possibly emergency vehicles for these lights were much fainter than the original light and in whites and reds and they moved like cars would. In seconds, the pillar of light seemed to pop and then all the power went out. I immediately called the police.  The 911 dispatcher told me that they are taking care of it.  The power stayed out for 2 hours.   I heard a helicopter about 15 minutes later. The next morning I posted a comment on Facebook.  Several of my friends responded.  One said, OK so strange!  I totally saw a flash of light then we lost power.  And one of our satelite recievers will not work. Hmmmm   Another said, I was up watching tv when the power went out.. It was weird that it took so long to come back on.  Usually it comes back on in 1 hr... But no I didn't see the light! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and she seemed to us to be unusually eloquent and objective in her description of the facts surrounding the incident.  We suspect that she is an excellent witness.  PD));40.9927;-111.889
