two dull black circles in the sky.  Ufo probes maybe?;2000-08-15 18:30:00;2 minutes;two dull black circles in the sky.  Ufo probes maybe? My wife and I were sitting on our back patio watching the sun set and observing planes. It was between 6:30 and 7:30 P.M. I'm not sure of the time. Anyway I was trying to see a plane my wife had pointed out to me when I saw a black dot moving east to west. At first I thought it was a black coloured party balloon that some kid might have let go of, but I didn't see any string underneath and it seemed more like a circle or a dot in shape and not an oval like a child's balloon. Also it was moving fast in a perfect straight line like a plane and just as fast. It wasn't bouncing or bobbing at all in the breeze like small helium balloons do. It was definetely moving as fast as a jet plane because there were some planes in other parts of the sky and I could compare the speed. I couldn't tell how big it was or how high it was but it didn't seem like it was far away. Maybe a quarter of a mile away, I don't know. There was no light or reflection coming from it at all. It was solid dull black. I couldn't see any characteristics at all. Its hard to explain but I think it would have just looked like a dull black circle or ball if it was just feet away from me. It moved in a straight, fast, perfect trajectory like it was under intelligent control. I lost sight of it behind our row of houses so I went to the front of the house so I could see it again. It went out of sight pretty quick and became so small I couldn't make it out anymore. Just then an identical black dot came from the same direction as the other one had and moved in the exact same fashion and trajectory. I watched this one until it too flew out of sight in the eastern sky. My wife and I kept saying, What the hell is that? Anyway I watch planes every night from my patio and I've seen many hot air balloons as well as helium party balloons and I can tell you it wasn't any of those.;40.1022;-76.3513
