Very large V shape with lights, haze, silent,moving east extremely fast.;2003-11-15 22:45:00;7 seconds;Very large V shape with lights, haze, silent,moving east extremely fast. I first saw a very large and long lasting Meteor or shooting star or something that caught my attention and I was still looking at the sky wondering if their was a meteor shower happening.  Then I saw what at first I thought was some kind of reflection I thought it was a flock of birds flying and some kind of light was reflecting on to them making them visible to me  in the night. But I soon realized it was not birds, it was many glowing objects in the shape of a V.  They were bluish-white and each one was about as bright as a dim star.  The V was made up of about 5 of these glowing objects down each side of the V.  There was some kind of blur or mist around each light also.  I could not determine if they were all fixed to one large object or if they were all seperate objects.  They were all staying perfectly alligned as if they were connected.  I was facing north and they were moving from my left to right (South-East)  There was no sound and it was moving very quickly.  It moved much faster then any aircraft I've ever seen.  I guess the whole thing lasted about 7 seconds.;29.5014501529053;-81.2075717635063
Am a investigator here in the county on UFO's.I had recieved a phone call from a witness that she had seen a formation in a trianglular;2008-05-19 22:45:00;1-5min;Am a investigator here in the county on UFO's.I had recieved a phone call from a witness that she had seen a formation in a trianglular shape,that she had watched from her two story home in Palm Coast.She had been up that night looking out her window when she notice a bright yellowish light in the westernly skies.The woman described the light to be going in and out,and began to take shape into a triangle.She was very surprised to had seen this,for she said she did not believe in Ufo's.The object also was near a commercial plane in the north-west direction.She added that the object was much larger than the plane.Her report seems to match up with a 2003 witness report of a similar event that took place here in Palm Coast.I also noted that WESH2 news in Daytona had a sighting last month from a young boy who described the same.I was very pleased to have helped her,and this has been a very odd year here for this type.I have contacted the News Journal and spoke with the editor in chief,which he said he would like to get back with me on this.I have contacted WESH2 news,but was unable to speak with anyone or the person who did the nwes story on the St.Augustine ufo..I would like to be contacted by  a MUFON investigator for further investigation on these strange sightings.;29.5014501529053;-81.2075717635063
Slow traveling Triangle;2008-11-01 23:00:00;6-7 mins;Slow traveling Triangle In November 2008 at approx 11:00 pm I was sitting on my front porch talking with a friend when I heard a noise coming over the top of my roof of my house.  We have a minuciple airport located nearby so I assumed it was an air plane on a low approach to the airport.  Usually aircraft do not fly above the tree lines where I live they usually approach the airport from the west to land and I am north of the airport.  The sound drew my attention for it was pretty loud which meant the aircraft was very low, so I stepped from my porch thinking that an aircraft may be in trouble when I see a huge triangle shaped aircraft flying over the roof of my house.  I was still talking with my friend telling them what I was witnessing.  The moon was out so the craft was luminated, here is the description, It was a black triangle shaped craft, with the tip of the triangle facing west and the bottom of the triangle facing east.  It was flying from the north to the south, on the ! underside bottom of the craft were two red lights and underside bottom top of the craft one white light.  I have spent 18 years in the military to know that this craft was not flying like how other crafts fly.  This craft was flying sideways.  The size of the craft was bigger than the Stealth, I would say larger than an commercial airplane.  I watched it fly to the south until it went behind some trees and could not see it any more.  The craft was not flying fast but slow, the time it flew from over my roof to behind trees was approx 5-6 mins.  I would like to know what I may have seen, I don't rule out it is military or some other type of craft that may be on a test run.  I would be interested to know exactly what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.5014501529053;-81.2075717635063
Triangular lighted objects suspended in sky above Palm Coast, Fl.;2013-11-10 00:30:00;3 hours;Triangular lighted objects suspended in sky above Palm Coast, Fl. I went outside to smoke a cigarette because my nephews girlfriend is pregnant and gets sick from the smell.  In the sky across the street in the distance I saw a bright triangular light and a ball of light similar in size fell straight to the ground.  I continued to watch it for 30 minutes as it moved slightly to the left but didn't appear to be moving.  I watched as an airplane approached it and flew beneath it.  There were trees blocking the view of the plane so I waited for the plane to clear the trees but never did and slowly the UFO also went back to the right and behind the trees so I went back inside.  I went back outside about an hour later and noticed the triangular object was now in the sky behind my house and there appeared to be 2 more similar objects but they were more distant and one to the far right and one to the left farther in the distance.  I got my I-phone 4 and took pictures but all that could be seen is a very small single lighted object so I got my camera and took pictures with it also.  My cameras needed to be charged so I went back inside for an hour or so and when I went out for my next cigarette it was still there so I took pictures once again with both cameras and also video taped with both cameras.  It was still there went back inside at 3:30 am so I went to bed and when I woke I uploaded the pictures to my computer.  The pictures from my I-phone 4 only showed a tiny light but the shape changed slightly.  The photos from my other camera showed a round moon like objects in some of them.  The stars in the sky did not appear in the picture.  Nothing at all appeared in the videos just a black empty sky.;29.5014501529053;-81.2075717635063
