Time seemed to stand still as I looked at this traingle shape that was no plane moving through the sky...what was I seeing?;2000-08-11 02:00:00;approx 5 minutes;Time seemed to stand still as I looked at this traingle shape that was no plane moving through the sky...what was I seeing? it was 2 in the morning...I was sound asleep until I woke up for some reason and looked up from bed and looked out my bedroom window on my right...I couldn't believe what I was seeing...the first thing I thought  was this is no plane...I flew opened the screen and hung my body half way out so I could get a better look at this thing....it had 3 white lights that formed a triangle with a blinking red light in the middle...surrounding this form was a perfect circle of white mist you could almost see through....no sooner was I thinking ok...this has to be a plane  it shot straight down and slowly moved to the right where it almost came to a complete stop and hovered...I pulled myself back  in the window and ran to the bathroom to get a better look but it was gone...now I'm standing (or should I say ...paceing all around my house...talking to myself....shakeing and about to piss my pants or pass out...or both...I knew I couldn't call the police even though I really wanted to...what  would I say? So, I called a close friend of mine who calmed me down enough to hang up the phone and cry myself to sleep...why me?did anyone else see it??;42.4945;-71.0715
Two small shiny, bright object with smoke billowing up from each.  Just above tree line.;2014-04-05 18:20:00;5 minutes;Two small shiny, bright object with smoke billowing up from each. Just above tree line. Two objects a few hundred feet apart from each other, just above the tree line while driving on 95.  They were very shiny and reflecting the sunlight it seemed.  One looked slightly red and the other green.  At first I thought they were the shiny balloons you can get except they'd be slightly too big for that.   Also, both had a small amount of smoke billowing up from it.   They seemed to be simply hovering in place, either that or very slowly falling maybe.   Then I lost sight of both.   Not sure if they disappeared or if they fell below tree line.;42.4945;-71.0715
