triangular shaped object over SW Ohio, moving very slowly and completely silent;1994-11-27 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;triangular shaped object over SW Ohio, moving very slowly and completely silent My wife and I were returning from dropping our son off at his mother's house in Midland Ohio. It was somewhere around 10pm in late November or mid December, probably 1994. We decided to take a short-cut over the back roads through the cornfields just outside of Blanchester Ohio. It was very dark, no street lights and no moon, and I noticed some lights approaching us over the cornfields from my left. At first I thought it was a low flying aircraft but it was moving very slowly. I took a second glance at it and noticed that there were three white lights in a triangular formation (one in the front and two to the rear). The lights did not blink and there were no red or blue lights, only white. I was intriqued by the fact that it seemed so close to the ground it must have been coming in for a landing, but I didn't know of any airports close by. Thinking that it must have been in trouble and was attempting a landing in the cornfield, I pulled the car over, turned off the engine and got out to take a closer look. My wife followed. By this time it was crossing the road in front of us. It was and equilateral triangle and appeared to be the size of a small jet flying very low. From our perspective it was about five inches long in the sky. It was a very quiet night... no tree frogs, no crickets and no traffic.... the object made absolutely no sound. We watched it fly over and off into the distance. We live in a flight path and I have seen all sorts of aircraft fly over at all times of the day, It wasn't like any aircraft I had ever seen. I had thought at the time that it must have been an hang glider, but why would anyone be flying a hang glider in Blanchester Ohio after dark and in the middle of winter? Maybe it was an experimental aircraft from Wright Patterson? It wasn't until years later, when I heard of eyewitnesses in Belgium seeing the same sort of objects around the same time that I realized what we had seen. While I have always believed in the possibility of extraterrestrial visitations, I! have al ways been very skeptical when it comes to eyewitness accounts. I'm still not certain that this was extraterrestrial but I am certain that it wasn't like anything I had ever seen before. I have seen all sorts of aircraft (military and civillian), I have seen flares dropped from aircraft, I have seen blue flaming meteorites and hundreds of shooting stars, I have seen durigables and hot air balloons, I have seen high altitude weather baloons, I have seen satilites.... planets.... and comets.  The thing we saw that night wasn't like anything I had ever seen before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.3033;-83.977
smooth, rounded, silent, triangular object  following me...;2001-07-31 23:50:00;8-10 minutes;smooth, rounded, silent, triangular object  following me... 11:50pm- I was driving home (southeast) on rt 123 in Ohio.  When I looked to my right (southeast) and there was an object.  Triangular in shape, the tips of it were very smooth and round.  There was a white light in each corner and a bright red light in the middle.  It hovered there for about 30 seconds.  As I came closer it shot over to the left (North).  The object was at a complete dead stop and it went so fast.  It didn't start slow or slow down to stop.  It stopped as fast as it went. It just sat there in the sky perfectly quiet.  It didn't bob up and down or anything, completely still.  It stayed there for about 1 1/2 minutes.  I turned onto my street (north).  I couldn't see anything for about 1 minute because there were trees.  When I did, it was at the beginning of my street, the south tip.  It was hovering over a house there.  It took me about 2 minutes to get home.  When I got to my driveway I couldn't see it anymore until it shot across the sky so fast.  I couldn't believe my eyes it went so fast.  I had never seen an aircraft go so fast and be completely silent.  It went over my house and went two houses down from mine (north) and hovered in my neighbor's backyard which is about 20 acres.  It wasn't very far from their house though.  It again just sat there in the air with no movement or sound, like it was watching me.  I sat in my car for about 2 minutes and watched it.  I was stunned.  I ran in my house to find my video camera but I had forgotten to recharge the battery.  So I was in my house for about a minute or two and ran back outside and it was still there. In my neighbor's backyard.  We had looked at each other for about 50-60 seconds and it was gone.  So smooth and graceful.  It never changed altitude, shape, anything.  It is hard to describe the size of it b/c I don't know exactly how high it was but it was larger than a full moon.  To guessimate, it wasn't very high.  I have a map of my town that will hopefully help you better on the location and direction.;39.3033;-83.977
At 11:50 pm, I was driving home and I saw this object on the left of me.  It was triangular in shape.  It had a white light on each tip;2001-07-31 23:50:00;8-10 min.;At 11:50 pm, I was driving home and I saw this object on the left of me.  It was triangular in shape.  It had a white light on each tip (3 of them), and a really bright red light in the middle.  The object was moving so fast that I had a hard time following it.  Then it just stopped, without slowing down.  As I turned onto my road, It was hovering over this house.  I was trying to get home as quick as possible so my family can see it. I got to my driveway and it shot across the sky again, as silent as can be.  There was NO sound coming from this object.  It went so fast it seemed like it didn't move.  Then it just hovered over my neighbor's field.  Where I live, the neighbor's have about 5-20acres if land and woods in the background.  But, It just sat in the sky, for about 4 minutes.  It didn't bob up and down or move in the slightest bit.  I ran inside to get my video camera (but the battery was dead), I went back outside and it was still there, over the field.  Then it was gone.  I have never seen ANYTHING go as fast as this object did.  And then come to a dead stop.  It was amazing! ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness at length via telephone on several occasions, and she is an excellent and credible witness.  At our request, she submitted a follow-up report, which describes the incident in somewhat greater detail.  The case is under investigation.  Please see reports from Wisconsin and Michigan for same date.  PD)) smooth, rounded, silent, triangular object  following me... 11:50pm- I was driving home (southeast) on rt ((highway deleted rural area)) in Ohio.  When I looked to my right (southeast) and there was an object.  Triangular in shape, the tips of it were very smooth and round.  There was a white light in each corner and a bright red light in the middle.  It hovered there for about 30 seconds.  As I came closer it shot over to the left (North).  The object was at a complete dead stop and it went so fast.  It didn't start slow or slow down to stop.  It stopped as fast as it went. It just sat there in the sky perfectly quiet.  It didn't bob up and down or anything, completely still.  It stayed there for about 1 1/2 minutes.  I turned onto my street (north).  I couldn't see anything for about 1 minute because there were trees.  When I did, it was at the beginning of my street, the south tip.  It was hovering over a house there.  It took me about 2 minutes to get home.  When I got to my driveway I couldn't see it anymore until it shot across the sky so fast.  I couldn't believe my eyes it went so fast.  I had never seen an aircraft go so fast and be completely silent.  It went over my house and went two houses down from mine (north) and hovered in my neighbor's backyard which is about 20 acres.  It wasn't very far from their house though.  It again just sat there in the air with no movement or sound, like it was watching me.  I sat in my car for about 2 minutes and watched it.  I was stunned.  I ran in my house to find my video camera but I had forgotten to recharge the battery.  So I was in my house for about a minute or two and ran back outside and it was still there. In my neighbor's backyard.  We had looked at each other for about 50-60 seconds and it was gone.  So smooth and graceful.  It never changed altitude, shape, anything.  It is hard to describe the size of it b/c I don't know exactly how high it was but it was larger than a full moon.  To guessimate, it wasn't very high.  I have a map of my town that will hopefully help you better on the location and direction.;39.3033;-83.977
