Soundless triangular shape stops in midair at night and searchlight shines out into the air;1983-08-12 23:40:00;3 minutes;Soundless triangular shape stops in midair at night and searchlight shines out into the air My wife and I had stepped outside our home to see if we could view any of the Perseid meteors.  This was about 23:30 hours on August 12th, 1983.  The sky was fairly clear with a few light wispy clouds.  After about ten minutes my wife pointed to the northeast and said There's a meteor. I looked in her direction and saw what appeared to be an airplane. I told her, No, that looks like a plane to me, because it has 3 lights.  We watched the craft come slowly from the northeast to a point nearly due east from where we were standing in our yard. It had made no sound in its approach. Due to the darkness, it was hard to judge how high it was, but it was nowhere near the altitude that normal passenger planes would have been flying.  It appeared to be above the wispy clouds but no higher than a light plane or helicopter would fly.  The craft suddenly came to a complete stop in midair. There was still no sound. When it stopped a very bright light, similar to a searchlight, was turned on and aimed out from the craft. It was pointing to the west. We were both shocked and amazed at this. I told her I was going to get my camera, but before I could even take a step, the light shut off as suddenly as it had come on.  It was on for about 10-15 seconds.  Just as suddenly the craft headed due southeast at an extremely rapid speed. It was traveling much faster than when it first appeared. It just disappeared into the night.  The craft seemed to be triangular in shape with rounded edges, and had three lights. One was on each corner and the third was toward the front. It never made any sound such as a helicopter or other machine capable of stopping in midair. Yet it moved much too fast for a balloon or other gas propelled vehicle.  We told a very select few people of our experience at the time, but most just laughed it off so we dropped the subject.  But we had written down what we viewed: the time, the date, and a general description of the craft. When I found this website, we thought it appropriate to document what we witnessed.;37.0574;-80.7722
