My husband and I have been seeing a light on the western horizon right at about 6pm every night for a while now. We traveled west on Hw;2007-01-16 18:00:00;30 minutes;My husband and I have been seeing a light on the western horizon right at about 6pm every night for a while now. We traveled west on Hwy 72 and the light was not a plane or a tower light and I don't believe that it was a planet. It was yellow-orange in color and would move slightly from left to right. It wasn't blinking. As we got into Huntsville, the light was still there but not as bright because of the city lights. It had gone further down the horizon because it takes about 20 minutes to get to Huntsville. I know my planets and stars and I know that this isn't suppose to be where it is. What is it? An asteriod? It doesn't have a noticeable tail or anything. Just looks Venus but much brighter and not white but yellow-orange.;34.6689;-86.2296
Strange light seen flying in the sky for nearly a month in Woodville, AL;2013-06-04 10:00:00;1 mth at night;Strange light seen flying in the sky for nearly a month in Woodville, AL Every night I witness an orange/red/blue light in the sky. It stays in the same general area. It will hover, slowly move up, down, side to side, or move at an extremely fast rate, but always returning to the same area it started from.   One night a plane passed close to the light and it moved quite a bit higher up and then returned to its spot when the plane had passed. I have witnessed 1 or sometimes 2 of these types of lights in the sky every night for nearly a month now.  On one night only, I also witnessed this same light but as it would move across the sky it had a firetail.  When not in motion it was just the odd colors of lights. In the beginning of May I witnessed a strange orange light trail shoot across the sky and suddenly just disappear.  I have looked online for some sort of explanation such as satellite lights, ect. and have come up with nothing to explain this. I have showed this light to several people and we all are left stumped and shocked as th! ey witness it too.;34.6689;-86.2296
