i watched on the portland news that the space shuttle would be visiable and went to philomath oregon to what was known to be the apple ;2002-10-10 02:00:00;about5seconds;i watched on the portland news that the space shuttle would be visiable and went to philomath oregon to what was known to be the apple gate as i sat there i saw a streak across the sky for about 5 seconds in the north western sky it seemed slower then other things ive seen in the sky at night such as falling stars it seemed to be moveing downward at a certain degree going northward ((NUFORC Note:  The ISS moves across the sky relatively slowly.  It generally is visible to an observer on the ground for more than 5 seconds.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));44.5528;-123.3928
UFO follows plane;2010-07-22 16:00:00;2 minutes or so;UFO follows plane Me and my husband were having a smoke outside on our porch swing, when he pointed out the possible UFO.. It was broad daylight, I don't remember what time, but I'm guessing around 4:00 PM. There was a plane in the sky, far away enough to just look like a white spot, but close enough to see it's lights, red and white I think.  And it was leaving a white trail behind it, like normal planes do. It looked like a typical commercial aircraft.  But below it, there was another object.  It looked like a white spot in the sky. It had no lights at all, and it wasn't leaving any kind of trail behind it, yet it was keeping up the same exact speed as the plane.  We watched it for awhile trying to decide what we were looking at, and eventually I decided to run inside and get my camera.  By the time I got back outside, the UFO was in front of the plane quite a bit, and too difficult to locate through the lens of my camera. We never got a good shot. This reminded me of another sighting I had witnessed a week or so before. It was in the same area of the sky, and also in broad daylight.  Again, I was on the porch smoking, and a small flash in the sky caught my eye.  When I looked up, there was nothing there. I watched for awhile to see what might have caused it, and a couple seconds later I saw it again, what it looked like to me was something (that I couldn't see) was reflecting the sun.  That's all it was, a bright white reflection that lasted a few seconds.  Disappeared, Re-appeared, and then was gone. I wasn't looking through a window, or anything, so I don't know what was reflecting the sunlight, but there was very obviously something up there. A few nights after that incident, my husband and I heard a helicopter really loud outside our house, he went to see, but I stayed in front of the TV..  He explained he saw what looked like a military helicopter, because of it's green color, flying around the vicinity of our house.  The strange thing though, is that it had a search light on, and instead of searching the ground, it was searching the sky. All of these things happened just within the past 2 weeks. I decided it was one two many incidents to not mention anything.;44.5528;-123.3928
