Star-like light pulsating and slowly moving across the sky.;2007-09-01 03:30:00;30 minutes;Star-like light pulsating and slowly moving across the sky. My friend and I were up late watching the aurigid meteor storm. As we stared into the night sky, we noticed a light moving across the sky at moderate pace. It was moving about as fast as a jet liner would be, however, this was not a large plane. The light was about as large and as bright as mars. It was traveling from the southeast to the northwest for about 10-15 seconds and slowly went dim until we could not see it anymore. It did not change direction, just traveled in a straight line.  About 20 minutes had passed and we saw another, very similar object floating through the sky. However, this one passed almost underneath the moon moving in the high sky from the north to the south. As it passed right by it, the light intensified to a much brighter light than the stars and was about twice the size of the largest star. After it passed the moon, the light went dim, almost to complete darkness and then slowly brightened up again. Finally it went completely dim. Same as the last light, not once did it change direction. This lasted for about 10 seconds or so.  It couldn't have been 10 minutes later when we noticed yet another light traveling through the sky, and again, in a straight line. Except it didn't pulsate and was not nearly as bright. This one was traveling from high up in the eastern sky to the eastern horizon and also lasted for about 10 seconds.  In all three instances, the only visible thing was that one white light. There were no other flashing lights, no red lights, no lights you would normally see on the wings of planes, nothing. Even passing by so close to a moon two thirds full, you would think you'd be able to some some sort of shape/silhouette, but we saw nothing. Only that white light flaring up. We also knew they definitely were not meteors. They were moving too slow to be meteors and meteors, from what I remember, do not pulsate.  Although the objects seemed as though they were moving slowly through the sky, if they were normal planes, they would have to be really high up to not be able to see other lights or a silhouette. And if they were planes at that altitude, then they must have been moving at ridiculous speeds.;33.9854;-117.8972
