Group to see the un-explainedin the night sky.;1973-06-15 22:30:00;10-15 mins.;Group to see the un-explainedin the night sky. The group that I was with had set out on a  mid-night hike.The approximate length of this hike was one and one-halve miles.The location and the terraine as well as I can remember was slightly hilly and no hills were over 300 ft in height from a standing on ground prespective,with trees.Waves of warm and cool air also were recognized.I have not mentioned this episode in my life,with the exception of a few trusted close friends.The object appeared to have had rotating lights and no sound.the lights were of different colors than those on any air-craft,which uses red,green and clear-white lights.I cannot determine what type of vehicle or craft this had been.Upon seeing it with others we were not apprehensive or otherwise but aware of the situation at hand.I wish you at NUFORC the best and that the endeavor of your work will hope-fully be realized. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident in June 1973 is approximate.  PD));33.1063;-86.7583000000001
Group of youth on hike see theun-explained.;1974-06-15 22:30:00;10-15 minutes;Group of youth on hike see theun-explained. Group of youth(male) were hiking at approximate time indicated.I here-by have only mentioned this to a couple of friends whom I trust with such credible info.I am an licensed pilot(but not back then since I was 14.)To this day I,as an person with such knowledge of air-craft of many types know that all air-craft DO NOT have lights other than red,green,or white.Any deviation from this color would possibly warrant an investigation by the authorities.The lenght of said hike was of between 3/4 and a mile going to the destination,and back,thus causing a hike of travel about 2 miles.Theleaderand others at first felt what we all interpreted warm and cool changes in the temperature.The said night was clear and the moon was not out.Ironically one of the group members made the statement along the lines of wondering if some-thing was out there,refering to the sky,I personally told him,not to think like that because no one would be able to explain the unknown.In about 2-3 minutes some-one (M.L.) just shouted hey look at that,all of us at the same time turned around to see what appeared to be a circle or oval with lights sequenced around the perimeter of the craft,stationary at what I believe to be between 1000 to 1500 feet above the ground and two to three miles away,no other explaination has been given to satisfy my curiosity and wonderment.No sound was even heard from the craft nor were there any types of protrusions(landing gear if you will) or windows could be seen.We then headed back to camp an told the leader of this event,later I asked a friend of mine to verify this info.,no explaination was given,nor can it be now. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in June 1974 is approximate.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport, I apologize for the error.  I was with the boy scouts then troop, ((troop number deleted)), back in the said years for '73 and '74.  I researched to the best of my ability the year of my visit and have concluded that it was 1974.  This also was the year I was in seventh grade elementary school.  I also saw only one en-counter.  I truly hope to see more,the reason is the Creator can certainly Create more than just man.  Just look in the heavens and any-one with an open mind would be able to see this.I wish you luck on yourNUFORC's endeavors and also would be interested in becoming an investigator,if possible.  I have a very keen or sharp mind and also a more personal obligation to my-self,and fellow-man. Thank-you for your time, ((name deleted)) ((END));33.1063;-86.7583000000001
