Two large bright lights leading streams of hundreds, or many thousands of smaller bright lights, streaming across the sky.;1997-11-14 21:10:00;1-2 minutes;Summary : Two large bright lights leading streams of hundreds, or many thousands of smaller bright lights, streaming across the sky. Driving home.  Saw the lights in the sky.  They were heading North horizontally arcoss the sky.  Very visible.  Other witnesses on the road in front of us thought they were UFOs bombs.  We didn't know, and we frightened.  When we lost sight of the lights it was not because they dissipated, but rather moved behind some trees and out of our range of vision.  Seemed to move faster than airplane, but much slower than shooting star. Local news is very vauge on what this could have been. Would like to find out more - what are the possibilities?  Wondering if it could have been a natural phenomenon, that no one has considered?  Could it be some military exercise, or experiment?  Mass in sky much larger than could be created by Russian rocket - mass would indicate debris from something the size of Washington State - can't think of anything man made that could have created that much debris in the sky, with the light so bright, rocket should have burnt out and dissipated. ;47.9145;-122.2984
Saw formation of 5 translucent lights coming out of the south;1998-12-14 00:50:00;5 - 10 seconds;Saw formation of 5 translucent lights coming out of the south As I looked up in a southern direction I saw 5 translucent lights in a half chevron formation coming straight at me, very fast and no sound.  As they headed in a straight line north the kept perfect formation but occasionally the whole formation would shift slightly in unison.  The background sky was clear and the stars were very sharp.  The 5 lights on the other hand were a little out of focus and not the same color as the stars.  Being color blind I'm not sure exactly what color they were. Perhaps bluish.  I scanned the sky for about an hour afterwards and saw intense meteor activity, none of which was remotely similiar to the 5 objects I saw either in speed, color or trajectory.  I now believe.;47.9145;-122.2984
