4 orange Orbs in the sky the size of large blimps in Mukilteo, WA.;2012-08-18 20:30:00;20 minutes;4 Orange Orbs in the sky the size of large blimps in Mukilteo, WA. I was in Mukilteo, WA on the night of Friday August 18th, 2012, near the ferry on the waterfront.  It was approximately ½ hour before dark, the end of dusk, with my back to the water I looked up in the sky to see an odd occurrence. Knowing Boeing field was directly east of my location I was used to seeing airplanes fly overhead.  I am very aware what they look like in the sky, the sounds they make and which colors their lights put off and how much light each light may glow.  I was very confused to see bright orange orbs in the sky (school bus orange) about as high as a small aircraft would fly above the ground.  I immediately thought it was in fact an airplane however there was no sound and the lights were not the lights on the wing because they were too bright and too far away from each other, as well as too large (the size of large blimps).  I also was alarmed because if they were two different aircrafts then they were flying too close.  I was very confused. I noticed 3 at first in the shape of an upside down V with the left point extended farther than the two other trailing points.  Then they slowed down and waited for the fourth point to join them that created a diamond shape in the sky and turned sharply and slowly as if not afraid to be seen and headed east toward Boeing field, then over the mountains.  We were able to watch them for a very long time we visually lost them at dark. I originally thought they could have been Chinese lanterns, after the small airplane idea did not make sense, but there is NO WAY the lanterns could have burned this bright and been this large.  I have lit the lanterns before here in Washington and in Hawaii so I know what they look like close and far away. On a side note: the radio station 92.9FM that I normally listen too in clarity would not come through that night on the radio I was listening on all night and had listened to 92.9 on it previously.  I have never called or documented any UFO sightings before this and I would like to know what could have made this happen in the sky, I am just curious.  I am one of several people that were very confused by this experience and can’t wait to hear what it really was. Thank You,   J.;47.9145;-122.2984
Reddish orange ovals with wings flying over the area for 15-20 minutes;2013-07-04 22:00:00;15-20 minutes;redish orange ovals with wings flying over the area for 15-20 minutes On the 4th of July this year we saw some redish orange crafts in the sky.  There were 3 of us watching.  I took a few pictures on my phone, but it was far away.  I texted and called my family to tell them to look into the sky for these crafts.    I saw a few of them slowly moving around, they would leave and come back, and then I went in trying to contact the local news media, but could not figure out.  When I come back out the people I was with said they went into formation (I assumed a line, but I am not sure that is what they said).   At one time I went into the garage because they were freaking me out as they came a little lower.  These things were flying around. I thought they were drones checking out to see who had the illegal fireworks out.   They were small, but appeared to have wings.  They flew like small aircraft could.  They were in the area for about 20 minutes.   About 10 days ago I heard you talking about similar sightings but did not hear of any near Mukilteo, WA, where we saw them.;47.9145;-122.2984
Slow moving shiny oblong oval craft traveled from the northeastern sky to the south over Paine Field.;2016-04-25 18:00:00;5 minutes;Slow moving shiny oblong oval craft traveled from the northeastern sky to the south over Paine Field. I was having dinner with my parents at their home.  In the middle of the dinner, as I was talking with my mother,  she interrupted me and asked out loud, What is that in the sky?!  I turned to my left and saw her looking out the sliding glass door window and into the cloudless, eastern blue sky.  I asked her what it was she was seeing.  She said, There, up in the sky.  That thing is shiny and floating slowly away!  Is it a balloon?  I got up from the dinner table and walked over to the window and looked out.  In the distance, across and up in the sky–I would say about a few hundred feet in the air, I saw a slow moving object with an oblong oval shape.  It appeared to be more wider vertically than the top and bottom which was more shorter in height than its width.  The bright western sunlight reflected off the object, which appeared to be like a bright and shiny metallic surface.  The size of the object appeared a little smaller than the body length of a Cessna plane. My mother asked if it was a drone or a helicopter.  I told her, No, as it did not make any sound.  My dad then came over to the window and he saw it.  He was giving the same description that I saw on how it looked.  The strange thing is, this craft was coming from the direction of the runway at nearby Paine Field airport where planes take off and land, but we knew that it could not have just taken off from the runway because it was moving too slow, and was too high since it was so close to the runway.  My dad and I then noticed the craft seemed to climb a few feet higher with its back end in the air and its front lowered at an angle. We watched the craft drift along to the south for about five minutes. Then before we knew it, the craft, which was still visible and not too far off, quickly started fading and disappeared against the blue sky just moments before a large airliner appeared from the south as it was getting ready to land at the Paine Field runway.  We are not sure what this craft was as the entire duration of it went from the north eastern sky to the south.  The amazing thing is, is how it disappeared entirely so quickly since it traveled so slow. We would like to remain anonymous at this time, but will report any possible future sightings. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.9145;-122.2984
