Weird high pitch noises pulsing, weird BOOM out of nowhere. Previous sighting: electronic BOOM noise, ripples in the clouds.;2014-01-12 17:23:00;3 minutes;Weird high pitch noises pulsing, weird BOOM out of nowhere.  Previous sighting: electronic BOOM noise, ripples in the clouds. I was biking alone in the Japanese gulch around 8:30 after building jumps and heard weird high pitch noise which seemed to pulse.  I seemed to not think anything about it because I was near Boeing, but then I heard it get louder, and closer.  By that time I knew it was not a plane because of the irregular, strange noises it was emitting. Once before I heard this strange noise and I did not think anything about it.  After a min or so I saw lights and once again the irregular noises hurt my ears but went away after a few moments but then came back so strong and loud I had to cover my ears.  Then I could faintly see four distinct lights apear out of the trees and then the sound just stoped.  There was a loud boom, but the boom was recognizable but I couldn't remember what the noise was.  Then it got too silent then it flew overhead, with a low hum then it was just gone.   After it left I heard a dog bark a few times.  The ride to the beach from there was numbing just remembering what I saw but i would keep doubting myself until i rememberd what happend a few years ago. A few years ago I was in an appartment and I was looking up into the sky and heard a electric BOOM noise and the clouds seemed to ripple.  I didnot think of it being weird at the time, but I still knew it was out of place. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.9145;-122.2984
There were bright orange lights on the craft traveling side by side with no sound.;2014-05-10 00:00:00;10 minutes;There were bright orange lights on the craft traveling side by side with no sound. I saw two very bright orange lights in the sky around 9:20 pm on Saturday, the 10th of May.  I noticed them through my living room window. I am use to lots of air traffic around here so didn't think to much at first.  Then the orange lights got me and they were not flying in any of the normal flight patterns.  So I went out on my porch to get a better look.  Not an airplane, not a helicopter.  They both were up pretty high but close enough that I could see very clearly that I did not recognize the shape.  I was mostly focused on the orange lights and trying to rack my brain of what aircraft might have those kinds of lights.  There was absolutely no noise.  The craft was silent.  Seemed to be moving along side by side one a tiny bit further back from the other.  I went to get my camera to take a picture, but they were gone when I went back out.  Never seen anything like that before.  Not with orange lights like that.  It was only one bright orange light or a cluster not co! mpletely sure about that.  Just wanted to report what I saw.  No one I know could explain what it might have been.   Because I am a teacher and like my privacy I prefer not to give my name at this time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.9145;-122.2984
