round shaped, orange colored, hovered in one spot,Then slightly moved and slightly vanished. Then hours later saw exact object again.;2005-07-04 23:45:00;5 min.;round shaped, orange colored, hovered in one spot,Then slightly moved and slightly vanished. Then hours later saw exact object again. It was yesterday the 4th of July. After lighting off fireworks, my friends and i were sitting on the front lawn. I was facing the left side of my house when i noticed a very bright circular, orange colored object in the sky. It was very bright and was just hovering there. At first i thought it was an airplane of some sort, but then i thought airplanes arent that bright and just orange like that, nor are helicopters. Then i thought it was a star, but realized the area we're in, stars dont shine that bright, and if they did we would have seen this star before. So i realized it was a UFO. As all my friends were looking at it, i ran in the house to grab the video camera. As I was zooming in, i thought it looked like a small bump on the top of the circular object, but couldnt exactly make it out. Because the object was small to catch on tape, it was hard to keep the camera still because i had to zoom in so far. So i turned the camera off. Then we noticed the UFO started to vanish. It just got smaller and smaller. I tried to get it dissapearing on tape, but for some reason i couldnt pick it up. Then it was gone. At about 3:35 PM me and my friends were going to bed. My windows were open and i was kidding around with my friends saying that i saw the same UFO again. They looked and knew i was joking. Then before i was closing my windows I noticed the same UFO, Orange and circular. It was doing the same motions, barely moving then dissapearing. This startled me and my friends, as a joke turned serious. I didnt know what to think. Now it is the next day. And i am typing this report.;33.84762294686;-118.115295652174
Circular UFO sighted above Lakewood/Cypress area;2011-02-11 13:43:00;2-3 minutes;Circular UFO sighted above Lakewood/Cypress area I was laying out in my backyard when I turned my attention to the sky (to the north), after noticing a flock of birds in the sky.  While looking up at the birds, I noticed a small circular shaped object (like a ball or an orb) VERY high in the sky moving in a southward direction.  It seemed to be moving much faster than an airplane and was higher in the sky than I have ever seen an object before.  It seemed to either be lit up on it's own, but was also reflecting off of the sun (as if it were made of metal or a shiny material).  It was hard to tell if it emitted light itself or not, but it was definitely reflecting the sunlight as it seemed to reflect the sunlight periodically as it moved.   I continued to follow it for a couple of minutes until I could no longer see it. I noticed several minutes later an airplane flying in approximately the same location where I last noticed the UFO.  The airplane was flying very high and at a high rate of speed, leaving an entrail ((sic.  Contrail)) behind it.  I know this was not a commercial airplane.   Not sure if that was related or not, but thought I would mention it.;33.84762294686;-118.115295652174
