Large red light with smaller white flashing lights;2012-08-12 22:30:00;15-20 minutes;large red light with smaller white flashing lights I walked outside to take a quick peek at the sky hoping for the chance of a few meteors, my daughter missed the two nights before.  A red bliking light caught my attention as it was ascending upward in the sky.  At this point I called my boyfriend outside.  There is a tree in the middle of our back yard that sits in front of the door so naturally he looked upward and started laughing at me.  There was an airplane headed over our house travelig west to east.  I told him NO it was that way (in which the tree was blocking). We went down the yard past the tree and it was a large red light with smaller white lights. It was traveling north cut around at almost a 90 degree angle and headed south. It was silent and traveled faster than any other aircraft i have ever seen. It was much flying much lower than a typical aircraft would.  I was so shocked and amazed watching it that i didnt even see where the other two aircraft came from but one came from each side and joined t! he one i was watching, they were flying in a v formation and continued to go south, then at what i would approximate being about 10 miles away they hovered in the same spot and position for about 7 minutes, at which point i went inside.;37.4438;-89.295
Oddly shaped craft and 7 red lights;2015-09-12 21:40:00;5-10 minutes;Oddly shaped craft and 7 red lights Me and my boyfriend were sitting outside, just like we do every night.  I had already witnessed the same white dim light moving extremely slow at about 95°, only this time there were 3. Seconds later as usual it just disappeared.  Moves much slower than a meteor.  About 25 mins later a craft flew above our heads, was very quiet didn't move like an airplane or have same blinking lights as a typical one, was shaped differently too.  Seemed almost to stop at times.  We assumed it was a drone as it moved to the South.  I then noticed a faint red light and as I pointed it out to my boyfriend, we noticed them light up all over the SE sky.  They were zig zagged in flight path  and a few of them were so close together at times it was unreal, they seemed to just be flying all around, stayed in same position of sky for a few minutes!  We counted approximately 7 of the red lights (which would blink white so often).   All the sudden they split up and went different directions dis! appearing as fast as they appeared.  About 15 -20 seconds later 2 airplanes, I believe, Criss-crossed over us from opposite directions.  One from SW and one from NE. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.4438;-89.295
