Ridiculously, blinding bright light in the middle of the day;2007-09-17 13:31:00;1 sec;Ridiculously, blinding bright light in the middle of the day At around 1:30pm on 9-17-07, my wife and I had just finished eating lunch.  I walked into our family room while my wife was still in the kitchen.  A light flash brighter than anything I had ever seen and some sort of weird, different type of energy filled our home.  The origin seemed to be the south facing window.  Our baby, upstairs, was sleeping and immediately began to scream.  The left side of my face became mildly tingley and I was seeing spots.   My wife, who didn't have visible access to any south facing windonws, asked if I took a picture with a flash or something, and I informed her that I didn't.  We walked outside and nothing looked biazarre.  But, I still have a slight headache over 15 minutes later.  I searched the Internet and news stations for other witnesses but have yet to find any. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));43.0788000000002;-88.2728999999999
An object is sighted hovering in place over my car for 10 min during this time it shifts shape, color, makes a huge noise and leaves.;2011-01-14 00:24:00;10 minutes;An object is sighted hovering in place over my car for 10 min during this time it shifts shape, color, makes a huge noise and leaves. It was January 14 and I was out late working.  When I had finally finished with my job, I headed home just like any other night.  On my way home I picked up my sister from a friend's house and we continued driving home, with the music turned up very loud. I probably wouldn't have witnessed what I did in the next few minutes if it hadn't been for the vibration.  Wisconsin is not well known for earthquakes and so I was suprised when I felt the car vibrating slightly, and then progressively more harshly.  Harshly enough to make me stop the car.  Unfortunately, stopping the car did not stop the vibration. At this point my sister looked very freaked out and I felt the same way.  Once the car rolled to a stop I got out and noticed that the groung was suprisingly sturdy, despite the shaking car.  The vibrating had been going on for about two minutes and it didn't seem to be going away.  As I looked around outside the car I didn't see anything.  It was a very dark on the back road we were on.  I could see the city lights ahead but we weren't close enough to call out to anyone, and we couldn't have if we wanted to because the car was vibrating so loudly. Suddenly, the car stopped vibrating and the engine cut out.  My sister was very quiet too, though she had been yelling at me just a second ago.  Now it had been six minutes since the whole ordeal started. It was eerie becuase at the moment the engine died, it felt as though all of the hair on my body was standing on end.  Then, in my perephrial vision, I saw this kind of glowing light in the sky. I turned to face the light full on and I realized that it wasn't just one glowing light, it was a large mass with small lights lining the edge of it.  It was a sliverish-blue color and I couldn't really make out the shape becuase as I stared at it, it didn't really seem to be holding a specific shape or color.  It was hovering a little to the left of our car and it didn't seem to be that high above us, maybe 200 feet.  By this time my sister had noticed it too, and she was not taking the sighting well.  She jumped out of the car and tried to get me to go back into it so that we coul! d drive away.  I gave her the keys and told her to start it.  She tried but it didn't work, the engine didn't even sputter. The whole time she tried to start the car, I stared at the object in the sky.  It didn't move, but the shape still seemed to shift and the colors subtly did, too.  I stood watching the object for about three minutes while my sister messed with the car.  Then all at once our car started, the lights on the object went out (except for the feint glow that seemed to perpetually surround it), and the object emitted a sound. It was unlike anything I had ever heard before.  The noise was loud enough to make both my sister and I cover our ears, and it seemed to make everything shake.  It was a deep bass and it felt as though it passed through me becuase my ribcage was vibrating along with my surroundings.  This went on for about a minute, and when it finally stopped it seemed like an eternity had passed. When I looked up the next time, the sky was empty.  There was no evidence that anything had been there, and it was already beginning to feel as though it had all been a dream.  I stumbled back to the car and found my sister sitting wide-eyed, once again in the passenger seat. We stayed there for a good 30 minutes after this event, talking about what had happened.  We both decided not to call the police or talk to anyone else about the sighting, becuase we figured no one in their right minds would believe us.  We weren't even sure that we believed our own eyes.  Neither of us have talked about it to anyone besides each other until this day, when we were led to this website after reading an article about UFO sightings featured on MSN's homepage. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.0788000000002;-88.2728999999999
