Slow moving, low flying fireball. Moved erratically and faded away.;2003-02-15 00:45:00;5 min;Slow moving, low flying fireball. Moved erratically and faded away. Looked out the window and noticed a bright orange fireball quite low in the sky, moving slowly. I went outside to see it more clearly. It did not move like a plane and there was no noise. The sky was overcast with no stars visible. I watched it flying around in an erratic path towards me and then away. It started to dim as it flew away from me. It seemed to be disappearing, shrinking and dimming. This was not because it was too far away to see, since it seemed to be standing still above a neighboring house 4 houses up the hill. I watched it for about 5 minutes and then it just faded away. I was looking NE when I saw it and  it ended up east of my house.;38.0663;-122.1655
Looked like a plane on fire, sparks falling for about 10mins than just fell in the ocean.;2005-11-22 19:15:00;15 mins;Looked like a plane on fire, sparks falling for about 10mins than just fell in the ocean. My husband was on the patio looking east at the bay and yelled for me to get the phone.It looked like a plane was on fire and headed straight toward the bay, it was dropping sparks and looked like it was ungulfed in flames. I called 911 to report it and the told me that there was no reports of a plane on fire and not to call again. It went west for about 10 mins. dropping sparks and getting lower the whole time and then went dark and looked like it fell in the ocean. After it went down we went to the bay and several fishermen saw the same thing but said that it made no noise and just fell straight in the ocean. They thought it was odd that there was no resuce atempt happening, we all thought it was a passanger plane on fire and where scared for the people both on the plane and on the ground. Nothing was on the news and no cops every came to check it out. After watching at the shore for almost three hours nothing else happened and nobody ever responded to our call or to the fishermans calls. About 9 of us just sat there wandering what had just happened.;38.0663;-122.1655
A large silent Orange firey orb that seemed to have streams of light falling from it and shooting out from it .;2006-03-20 22:00:00;5-10 min;A large silent Orange firey orb that seemed to have streams of light falling from it and shooting out from it . Object was seen below cloud level traveling northeast. Pretty clear night with very light cloud cover. At first it looked like a fireball and we thought a plane was on fire. We watched it as it continued without any sound rather slowly with streamers or lights emitting from the fireball. The orb glowed bright orange and it looked as if the streamers were falling to the earth. Our whole family watched it until it left our vision. Sometimes it seemed to jerk around quickly. We live on a hill so we saw it for a long time then it seemed to go into the clouds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0663;-122.1655
