Observed: elliptical object with unusual light;2000-11-19 17:58:00;30 Seconds;Observed: elliptical object with unusual light (Report was written 1 hour after sighting) This evening I saw something interesting as I was traveling home after a weekend at Tahoe.  This occured at 5:58 pm, this Sunday.  I didn't drive, so I was passing the time looking at landmarks, lights, and stars in the sky.  As we were passing Benicia on hwy 680, I noticed, at my 1 o'clock, what at first appeared to be a low-level aircraft passing to our right.  What caught my eye is that it didn't have standard lighting: I saw no red/green indicator lights, tail lights, forward lights.  My attention was drawn to a light or lights on what appeared to be the leading edge of the object, gold in color, and blinking in a random fashion.  I would almost describe this point-source as sparkling.  Within a few seconds of my initial sighting, this point-source grew in size.  At that point, the light would blink randomly, and as it did so, it would grow into a triangle whose longest sides pointed down.  The triangular light'(s)  downward-facing vertex was approx. 4 times as tall as the shortest side.  All edges of the light were of the same sharpness and intensity.  As the light grew, it appeared to be composed on many smaller lights, and it continued to blink in an irregular fashion. Naturally, this caught my attention, since it didn't exhibit conventional aircraft lighting or other recognizable features.  I continued to watch as it appeared to angle away from the bearing of the highway.  It appeared to grow distant, and the shape of leading-edge light returned to a point source, which appeared to sparkle.  As I continued to watch, there was one point where this object was briefly illuminated, perhaps by city lights (it appeared to be reflected light)  It was at this point I could see a lighter outline in the night sky.  My first impression was the shape was similar to a blimp, except it was more elongated, and the ends of the shape weren't at all like a blimp (no stabilizers or canopies were visible).  The shape ended in squared-off points, and the edges leading to the more curved shape in the middle appeared jagged. Otherwise, the shape was roughly elliptical, with the long axis approx. 3 times longer than the short axis. The point-source was clearly on the front point, and the light appeared to change shape randomly.  I saw this object for about 30 seconds, from 30 to 15 degrees from the horizon (its apparent position lowered over time), and when the illuminated shape subtended about the width of a nickel at arm's length.;38.0663;-122.1655
Two ufos over Benicia, CA.;2015-04-27 12:50:00;5 minutes;Two ufos over Benicia, CA. I reported a formation on the 26th of April.   I was returning to the port, when I scanned the sky and saw two disk looking objects in the sky.  I called a coworker over and pointed at the sky, which was in the northern direction, about 80 degrees from the horizon, so nearly right over us.   He kept thinking they were osprey, but then when I mentioned how shiny and reflective it was when the sun hit it, he agreed that it couldn't be a bird.   I took several pictures of it and had to leave to work.  When I had a minute to view the photos, none of them came out.  They were all different shades of hot pink and granular, which is bizarre because I wasn't taking pictures into the sun nor was it my finger because every photo taken was a different shade of hot pink. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.0663;-122.1655
Military - Airplane Cloaking Tech being Tested.;2016-03-15 16:30:00;10 minutes;Military - Airplane Cloaking Tech being Tested. It's a perfectly clear day, my father and I were ending our sailing trip and as I look into the sky and I see this image of an airplane and I said to my dad, Look, theres a plane and he acknowledged seeing the image too. This plane however seemed like a transparent image of a plane.  I could clearly see the outline of the wing span and the cabin.  There seemed to be a bright light in the middle as if the sun was reflecting off of it.  Then from the outward of the image to the middle it started disappearing until the white light was the only thing left then vanished. Fairfield, Ca, has Travis Airforce Base and this would probably be a good flight plan for it.  I immediately thought I saw a military UFO/Optical allusion/ Cloud... about an hour later around the same spot I saw the same thing.  It seemed as if a plane was calibrating/testing a cloaking tech, or seeing how well they could scale up the tech as this unexplainded image of a transparent plane was kind of big.  Not like a fighter jet but more like a 747 or a supply plane of sort. After I saw the image for the second time I saw other planes in the sky without the same effect.  I truly saw some thing I cannot explain today.;38.0663;-122.1655
On 10/15/20 at approximately 5:30am I noticed an irregular object in the far distant sky while looking east of the Benicia, Ca bridge;2020-10-15 05:30:00;5mins;On 10/15/20 at approximately 5:30am I noticed an irregular object in the far distant sky while looking east of the Benicia, Ca bridge on HWY 680. I began videotaping and captured what appears to be a circular multicolor pulsating disc spinning in a counter clockwise direction. I have a total of about 4 minutes of video with this object slowly moving in an upward slightly to my right angle. I was late to work so I left not knowing what I had captured, the object was still there as I drove away. It seemed to be out in space and must have actually been quite large.;38.0663;-122.1655
