Gov't chased ufo ended up in Michigan  the reversed mini-van shaped object appeared in Troy on I-75;2002-07-27 03:20:00;3-4 seconds;Gov't chased ufo ended up in Michigan  the reversed mini-van shaped object appeared in Troy on I-75 In response to Saturday's article:  UFO sighting over Washington gets F-16s scrambling I never thought I would see anything strange in the sky.  All that changed two weeks ago.  On Saturday July 13, 2002 my friend and I was talking to one of our neighbors outside at his trailer park in Davison.  The sky was clear and we could see something moving across the sky.  I thought it was a satellite but then it stopped moving and did a sharp U-turn.  It was so small because it was so far away.  Then it disappeared.  I then noticed another one moving across a star from another angle in the sky.  We sighted a total of 12 UFO's that night and all of them disappeared.  Sometimes, one would disapper then reappear for a second.  I decided to email you this letter because I want to know if you have noticed any other sitings that are similar around this area.  I believe I have seen another one last night on my way home from work.  I was driving North bound on the expressway I-75 between 3:15-3:30AM.  I was heading towards Troy area when I flipped my visor up to look at the sky and there it was!  The low hovering aircraft was square shaped like a reversed minivan.  It looked blimp sized, but it also looked like a cut out shape in the sky like it shouldn't even be there!  How am I supposed so to see this object so clearly when the sky is misty!??  The whaleish-gray colored UFO had a light blue glow around it.  When I focused my attention on the sparks of light coming from behind the object,  it disappeared.  It couldn't have been in the sky for more than 4 seconds.  It was moving eastbound at an extremely fast speed!  I know what a meteor looks like because I witnessed the meteor shower we had over a month ago.  At first, I was trying to convince myself that it was a reflection in my mirror and I just saw a shooting star.  When I read the Flint Journal the next day, I discovered that a similar sighting was seen in Washington.  I am now convinced that I must have seen it too.  This wasn't a meteor or a shooting star.  It was something else.  The article in the Flint Journal stated that two F-16 jets from Andrews Air Force Base were scrambled early Friday after radar detected a unknown aircraft in the Washington area. The time was 1:00AM when the Air force jet was chasing it but it just left them in the dust at speeding over 6000 miles an hour.  I realized that their is a 3 hour time difference between Michigan (ahead) and Washington. Sounds incredible doesn't it?  Today, CNN claims the government is allowing some aircraft to float around the USA and some people might mistake it for a UFO.  Of course, they gave no details.  Sounds like a cover up to me.;42.575968115942;-83.1458550724637
