Very very large triangular object outlined with lights appearing from the west, stopping briefly, then disappearing in the east at a ve;1999-09-24 19:30:00;2-3 Minutes;Very very large triangular object outlined with lights appearing from the west, stopping briefly, then disappearing in the east at a very high rate of speed. At 7:30pm (dusk) my two children aged 5 and 10 were playing in the back yard. I heard them calling for me (Dad! Dad!) in very excited voices. Before I could get outside, they arrived at the door out of breath, telling me of a huge triangular shaped object that hovered over the area, then took off at a such a high rate of speed that the lights around the edges, and other lights on the bottom, were blurred. No sound was heard. Shortly after the craft disappeared past the eastern tree line, both boys described a very bright red light beam apparently coming up from the ground in the north, then falling back down to the ground. From the vantage point that they took me to, I did see a jet passing overhead, and asked them if that was what they saw. They both immediately insisted that that was too small, and spread their arms apart wide to show me how big the object that they saw had been. I asked both boys, who have never made up stories before, to come inside and draw pictures of what they saw. I sent both boys to separate bedrooms to make a picture and them bring them to me separately. Both boy's drew the same picture without collaborating. I am convinced, that they did see something very unusual.;42.575968115942;-83.1458550724637
brite white clearly defined triangle;2004-02-16 10:00:00;30min;brite white clearly defined triangle First of all I dont know if this sighting was of a craft. In the southeast sky which was completly clear of clouds I noticed a bright white perfectly shaped triangle. There was a comtrail in the sunny sky which seemed to be closer, so this triangle seemed to be farther than the comtrail from the passing jet.  This triangle didnt seemed to me to be moving. It seemed to be locked in fixed position in the sky. I got out a pair of low powered binoculars and it seemed that there was something going on in the confines of the triangle. Because it was so far away and the low power of my binoculars, it wasn't perfectly clear what exactly was going on.  I have never seen anything similar to this in my life. I am 54 yrs old and have lived all over the world also. I cant believe no one else has reported this. I saw it in the sky for at least 30 minutes.;42.575968115942;-83.1458550724637
Small silent UFO witnessed by 6 people flying extremely close to the ground in Troy, Michigan on Cinco De Mayo 2005.;2005-05-05 22:00:00;20-30 seconds;Small silent UFO witnessed by 6 people flying extremely close to the ground in Troy, Michigan on Cinco De Mayo 2005. At around 10 to 11 PM myself and 5 others witnessed a UFO flying North from across the backyard of my home In Troy.  In total there were 7 of us all standing outside yet only 6 could see the object as it blended in almost perfectly with the night sky.  This large group of people included my own brother and another man who would later join the Air Force of which he is currently enlisted.  We were in the back yard of the home smoking cigarettes when an individual frantically pointed to the sky asking something like, What is that?!  I remember the date because it was not only Cinco De Mayo but also 5/5/05.  Had there not been others to witness the event I likely would have never told anyone about it.  The object was flying extremely low.  It was traveling so slowly that If one of us had chased after it we would have been able to keep up.  It was around 10 feet long and maybe around 10-12 feet at its wing span.  It was a triangular object that gave off absolut! ly no sound or reflection of the lights below.  It almost completely blended into the night sky in a way that seemed like it was mimicking it.  It gave off no lights and had no lights on it that I remember seeing.  However this event did occur nearly 5 years ago.  The object travelled across the entire length of my yard and crossed over South Boulevard/ 20 mile Rd into Rochester Hills.  Because it was so difficult to see against the night sky everyone lost sight of it after it had only traveled a short distance.  Less than 100 yards.  The object flew directly above us and never changed speed.  When the object crossed South Boulevard I could see that it was flying only slightly higher than the telephone poles it was passing over.  It also released no vapors or any kind of trail that I could see behind the object.  Even though one of the people in the group was unable to see the object it is likely due to his poor vision or unwillingness to accept what was occurring around hi! m.  Other than shock there were no feelings I experienced duri! ng this incident.  I know what I saw and so do the others who witnessed this event.  There is no way this aircraft was earth technology.  It made no noise and seemed to cloak itself against the sky.  If the object was under intelligent control it would have easily been able to see us gawking at it.  It was literally flying so low as it was passing over us that I could have thrown a baseball at it and hit it.  This event deeply disturbed me for some time after.  It is only until recently that I discovered this website and thought it was necessary that I share my experience.;42.575968115942;-83.1458550724637
Unusual Triangular Craft;2010-11-28 18:30:00;5 minutes;Unusual Triangular Craft Though I have read the reports on this website on many occasions, I have never (prior to this day) seen an unexplainable object in the sky. On November 28th at about 630pm I was driving in the left lane of i75 northbound between Troy and Bloomfield Hills, Mi. The sky was heavily overcast and dark. The heavy clouds were semi-illuminated by the plentiful sub-urban lighting in the area. The freeway was quite busy in both directions. I was approaching the Adams Rd. exit when I noticed an odd pair of white lights above the trees to the east of the freeway. At the moment these lights looked rather like car headlights, if these could be in the air. At first I thought they might be lights atop a new communications tower or something. Over the next 45 seconds I closed in on the lights, and it became clear that they were certainly unusual. As I neared I realized that these lights were not from a tower, and i thought that a small plane might be flying quite low. However, it quickly became apparent that the object was hovering in the air without moving. Further, it lacked typical beacon or strobe lights found on aircraft. I quickly glanced around and noticed that I was somehow the only person that was noticing this object.. despite the fact that it was hovering in plain sight only slightly to the right of the freeway and about 50 feet above the near trees. It was extremely apparent. At this time I quickly moved to the slow lane and off onto the right shoulder, placing myself almost under the object. As I looked up to it, I saw the shape clearly against the dim sky. It was an obtuse triangle with a somewhat bright white light at each point. The wide point of the triangle was pointed north, in the direction I was headed. The two other points of the triangle pointed east and west. The craft had a non-reflective black surface that demonstrated no surface details or reflections. The edges of the craft were clearly defined against the cloud cover. Unfortunately, I had no camera with me. I did have binoculars but in the moment I did not think to use them. I began to move out onto the freeway, continuing north. As i pulled out i looked out at the craft, it seemed to have turned as I could now only see two lights. It was still in the same location. I looked forward and accelerated. Just them a bright flash of light shone through the glass of my sunroof, moving east to west over me. I looked out my driver-side window in the apparent direction of the light and saw nothing moving. However, through the clouds to the near-west, I then saw a series of four quick flashes of light, like narrow pulses from above the cloud. These flashes were white in color. I quickly turned to look where the craft was and it was now gone. I continued onward to my destination. I saw no more of this craft for the rest of my trip. However, I did see a second object later in the evening, while driving south on my return trip to Detroit. This object seemed quite different, and I will write a sister report for this one. It was seen in Goodrich, MI. and will be reported from that city, on the same date. It astonishes me, however, that while never seeing such a thing my entire life I now see two UFOs in the same evening. In addition, my sister has described to me two similar sightings in the past several weeks. These were seen in the same general region. I am presently a student of psychology, working toward a PhD. I possess degrees in photography and liberal arts. I have excellent eyesight and was not using drugs or alcohol. I welcome contact on this if needed.;42.575968115942;-83.1458550724637
