Bright fast and irratic moving light over cremona ab;2007-09-22 03:30:00;2 hours;Bright fast and irratic moving light over cremona ab At aprox 3:30 am mst i wittnessed a large light in the sky to big to be plane lights so it cought my attention. After watching the light for a few min (2-3 min) it began to move abnormaly up, down side to side forward and back very fast! Then it headed off into the distance faster than i have ever seen anything move and lit up the clouds in front of it. About 30 sec later it came back from the same place it went to.  It repeated the same thing for about an hour before disapearing for about 15 min. So i looked around in other places in the sky for the object and saw 3 more lights, not as close as the other one moving irraticly as well. After watching the other one for a while the big one that was really close came back and that's when i went to get my parents as they had just woken up and they saw it as well. I don't know what to think but they weren't back the next night so i'am glad some one else saw them too.;51.55;-114.4667
Unexplained row of 80 or more perfectly spaced lights cross Highway 22/  ((Starlink satellites));2019-12-28 18:15:00;10 minutes;Unexplained row of 80 or more perfectly spaced lights cross Highway 22 Driving South on Highway 22 with my boyfriend, I looked to the West and saw what i initially thought was a row of stars from the big dipper handle. As I tried to look for the 'pot' of the big dipper, I noticed that what i thought was the handle, was 5 bright stars and instead of remaining still, they were flying from the west to the east.  I told my boyfriend, 'oh weird those stars look like they're moving' and then I realized there was a string of them coming over the rocky mountain horizon, following the first light. Each 'star' was evenly spaced and tracking the first in a straight line over us. They just kept coming perfect spaced, at the same speed.  My boyfriend pulled to the shoulder and we got out to watch the phenomenon. We both had never seen anything like this before. It was almost erie how they followed each other, perfectly spaced, in unison, up and over us.  I called two of my friends, one from Redwood meadows and the other from Priddis and told them to look west of where they were and to the right of the sliver of moon. They too were in shock because they could see them.  The line of stars continued to streak across the night sky, traveling west to east. We lost count around 80.;51.55;-114.4667
