12noon @Mtn Figueroa CA, near Los Alamos 2mil jets chase cigar or linear shape object just over hill top heading east from w;2003-04-05 12:00:00;60seconds;12noon @Mtn Figueroa CA, near Los Alamos 2mil jets chase cigar or linear shape object just over hill top heading east from w My family and I were up on mount Figueroa looking down on nearby city of Los Alamos and the Santa Ynez valley on beautiful clear cool spring day. It was around noon and I was taking pictures of my children playing in the mtn wildflowers and taking in the refreshing mtn air. We decided to head back down the trail to the car that was parked just off the side of the access road up/down the mtn. We were getting cold and I ran out of film. We were almost down the hill, just about 50ft from the car, when my wife and I heard this loud roar. It sounded like a fighter jet. I saw two dots heading in out direction very rapidly and as I concentrated on focusing on them I saw this little dot in front of them. At first I thought maybe it was just vulture or some other raptor flying in the foreground, but as I observed, I saw that this dot was staying in sync with the two bigger dots as they were closing on our location. Then within just about 15 seconds we (wife/I) saw two military jets (black long noses, w/green camo(/f-16/f-111?)) enclosing on this cigar shaped object. They nearly flew just couple 100 ft above the hill we were just on. They were so close that the sound was deafening. One jet tried to come up on the ufo and even banked a little bit to maybe get a better look of the ufo. The ufo then seemed to really move quickly, and it started to pull away from the jets. My wife and I excitedly grabbed the kids and ran up the path to top of mtn we had just climbed. When I got to the top I could just see the two jets rapidly heading, I guess east over the mtn range. My wife says she saw a glimpse of a silver shiny color on the underside of the ufo. I don't recall seeing color I just saw what look liked a dark line or cigar shaped object just a little shorter than the jet’s noses.  I served in the u.s.a.f  for 4yrs as a security police and never have ever seen anything like this before with military jets flying so low over semi-populated area. Vandenberg AFB is just down the road from Los Alamos, but does support fighter jet aircraft. VAFB mainly deals with missle launches. Interesting thing is later on in that month I would see these fighter jet kind of aircraft flying into VAFB. Which is odd, because when I worked at VAFB, I rarely saw these kind of fighter jets, except a day or two before an air show. My wife and I are not sure what we saw. I'm a skeptical about aliens, but have not ruled out military experiments or other phenomenom. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.7472;-120.2029
I witnessed a  cigar-shaped object being pursued by two F-16's in the skies over Los Alamos, CA.;2003-04-05 12:15:00;1 minute;I witnessed a  cigar-shaped object being pursued by two F-16's in the skies over Los Alamos, CA. I was outside when I heard the roar of jet engines.  Living near Vandenberg AFB, this was not abnormal, but the loudness was.  I looked up and saw what appeared to be two  low and fast flying f-16's in pursuit of a small cigar-shaped object that was ahead of them by about 500 feet.  I watched as they continued to chase the object until they went over the mountains heading in the direction of Santa Ynez and out of sight.;34.7472;-120.2029
