In 1985 I saw a silver saucer directly over my house in California.;1985-10-15 00:00:00;5 mins;In 1985 I saw a silver saucer directly over my house in California. In October of 1985 I lived in a ranch style house in San Ramon, California, and I was looking out my front window when I saw something appear over the lip of the roof above me.  It was moving forward very slowly.  I ran out onto the front lawn and there was a round saucer directly above my house, about 50 feet in the air.  It was silver metallic and made no sound at all.  I ran back into the house and got my son who was 8 at the time.  We stood on the front lawn and watched in amazement as it silently passed over us and moved towards the strip mall across the street. It was large, about the size of my house.  Because of the strip mall and surrounding street lights we could see it very clearly.  It had a dome on the top and from the side we were on we counted twelve square blue lights so I figured there must have been 24 around the entire dome.  They would all go off and one by one come back on again.  At first I thought the lights might have been windows because of their shape but I tried to see inside and couldn’t see anything and then they went off which is when I realized they were lights. We stood there watching until it disappeared behind the strip mall which took about 5 minutes since it was only moving as fast as a person could walk.  I wish I had the sense to grab my camera and take pictures but it never occurred to me to do that because I was really in shock at seeing a UFO at all, especially up close.  The funny thing was we weren’t afraid of it, just in awe. Immediately after seeing it I called my husband who was away on a business trip in San Diego and told him and I also told one friend but never reported it or told anyone else because I thought they would say I was crazy.  My son is 33 now and we still talk about it.  I tell everyone now and don’t care if they believe me. I did read in the paper over the next few days that it was also seen later that night by one police officer on his beat, another police officer standing on his deck, and by a lady who was up feeding her newborn and saw it out her apartment window hovering over the bay.  I have looked online for those articles but haven’t been able to find them.;37.7586269230769;-121.934136538462
Red, White and Blue Lights on Object Hovering over Dougherty Valley, San Ramon area.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius.  PD));2007-02-14 20:30:00;Approx. 1 Hour;Red, White and Blue Lights on Object Hovering over Dougherty Valley, San Ramon area We were traveling east on Bollinger Canyon Road, San Ramon, on 02/14/07.  At 8:10 p.m., I noted (at the 11:00 position) a flashing red and white object overhead.  It was traveling at a slow pace, then stopped and hovered.  While heading back going west on Bollinger Canyon Road, the object appeared to keep pace with us.  We then headed north on Dougherty Valley Road, then west on Crow Canyon Road, toward Danville.  The object kept pace with us it was at a fairly high distance, so we could not determine its shape.  While in Danville, going south on Brookside Drive, I again spotted this flashing red and white object.  As we turned a corner, still on Brookside Drive, this object turned, lowered its elevation, and headed toward us.  At this point, we realized it was heading straight toward us.  We became frightened and as this object came closer, I turned my car around and headed back, north, down Brookside Drive.  My son stated to me later that if you threw a frisbee into the air at this thing, it would have hit it.  At the point in which I was turning our car around in a driveway to get away from this thing, my son was able to see the object up close, from the passenger side.  He states this object had one blue light on the one end, and rotating red and white lights all around at the bottom.  He states it was circular and 'HUGE,' although could not explain to me how many feet in circumference it seemed to be.  We decided to purchase soft drinks at the McDonald's off of Crow Canyon/San Ramon Valley Blvd.  As we sat in the parking lot, we noted we could no longer see this object.  As we headed back toward home, going east on Crow Canyon Road, my son stated he saw the same object, but this time it was pacing us at a much higher distance.  Once we reached Dougherty Drive, we no longer saw the object.  The timeframe for the above is approximately 15 to 20 minutes.  At approximately 9:30 p.m. that night, I took my dogs for a walk down our street.  I was walking toward the west down our street! when I turned around, I saw a flashing red and white object hovering down the cul-de-sac, past our home.  I became frightened and kept my eyes on the object as I was walking.  It was moving in a zig-zag motion, very slowly and cautiously, toward me.  I went inside the house and informed my husband and son what had happened.  I don't think I've ever been so frightened in my life.  We decided to take a drive, the three of us, to see if we could see this object further.  This was at approximately 10:00 p.m. that night.  We drove in the same pattern as I had taken previously, then headed back home.  We didn't see anything during that time.  As we were headed toward home, I took a street called Monarch Drive and decided to go up Monarch Drive, which is on a hill, overlooking the Valley.  We were headed east.  We got out of our car and saw three objects, each had flashing red and white lights.  We were not able to see their shapes, but noted that they at times would just hover, and/or move very quickly, first right, then left.  Eventually, we headed back off Monarch, onto Bollinger Canyon Road, going west.  As we headed home, we noted that two of these objects were now pacing us, one in front of the other.  All of a sudden, the object behind the other picked up speed and literally flew over the object in front of it, seemingly missing the object in front of it by inches.  I've never seen anything like in my life.;37.7586269230769;-121.934136538462
Disc/Saucer shaped with running lights;2008-06-29 21:00:00;5 minutes;Disc/Saucer shaped with running lights We were driving southbound on 680 at about 70 MPH and saw what appeared to be a blimp with lights running (approximately a string of 20) from left to right of the object that seemed to tilt toward us causing the lights to go from a straight line to a curve which made it look like a saucer. It moved further south until we can only saw a flashing small light which made us rule out a blimp. This is when my sister started videotaping. While keeping an eye on this small light, another one appeared on our left side and we caught the string of lights also running from left to right but we also saw what appeared to be an array of lights from the bottom before we saw the running string of lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.7586269230769;-121.934136538462
