This happened some years ago when I was with my ex-boyfriend. He invited his married friends/couple over for dinner. When they got ther;2008-10-15 22:00:00;3-4 minutes;This happened some years ago when I was with my ex-boyfriend. He invited his married friends/couple over for dinner. When they got there dinner was still cooking so we had some drinks and relaxed. The guys stayed in the garage and smoked cigarettes while me and the friends wife went outside to enjoy the clear night sky.  We were having our first glass of wine when I noticed something out of the corner of my eye.  My friend was talking while we were sitting at the patio set...I could see her lips move but I was watching this weird, football shaped florescent green light float above the roof and gently drop down...following the angle of the roof.  It is getting closer and drops just 3 feet above our heads...she is still talking.  I cant take my eyes off of it...I can't even move or speak...it is above our heads now...gently pulsating within itself.  I look at her she is staring at it as well and she looks transfixed.  I look up again and watch it float over my neighbor's fence and disappear.  We are both stunned for a moment and then she says, Did you see that?!.  I said, You saw it too?!.  She said yes and we immediately went into the garage to tell the guys what we saw.  I even went as far as to call the FBI and tell them what I saw and their response was, Do you know how many of these calls we get a day?!, and hung up on me.  I will never forget that experience.  While I was looking at the light, I noticed that I couldn't speak or move.  It glided above my head ever so gently...as if it was watching/recording me...it was so slow and it seemed to pulsate every 3 seconds and very slowly and it kept its shape continuously.  It was football/egg shaped approximately 2' in length and about 1' wide.  It was the color of that florescent lime green that you see in movies like Ghostbusters. And the object made no sound whatsoever...it slowed down when it was over our heads while seated at the patio set in the backy! ard...it moved slow and gently but it went extremely slow over our hea ds and we couldn't speak or move...not until it let us as it floated away over the neighbors wood fence...like within 5 seconds until we spoke to each other...then we ran!;37.7586269230769;-121.934136538462
