3 people witness a strange bright flash of  light near the ground in my backyard.;2009-08-19 14:22:00;2 hrs;3 people witness a strange bright flash of  light near the ground in my backyard. I got up at 2:22 a.m. to go to the bathroom and noticed a bright flash out the bathroom window, I thought it was lighting and went to the window to see if it would strike again. As i was looking up in the sky the flash happened again but very low on the ground and it looked crisp white and rectangular in appearance. It actually looked like a camera flash from about 250 feet away. There area that this flash occurred is an old garden plot grown up in weeds. A big clear field behind that. No houses for 1/4 mile. I saw it flash bright one more time and I went to the bedroom and told my wife there was a a strange light in the backyard and I was going out there to see what it was. She got up and went to the window and I heard her say, I just saw it too, what is it? I told her I didn't know but I was getting my flashlight and going out there to see. I walked out through the back yard and pointed my light all around. There was nothing , no sound either. Then as I ! was shining the light out in front of me my wife said, hey did you see it. I said no, she said to your left, and I pointed my light off to the left. Nothing. Then she said can't you see that? I did it again, same spot. Nope I didn't see any flash. About that time my hair stood up on the back of my neck. I began walking back to the house and I saw the flash reflect off the house. By this time my daughter had awaken hearing her mom talking in the dark bathroom out the window to me got her curious. She saw it also. I then walked back out toward the flash and it looked like it was now right next to the ground as I could see the outline of the weeds in the light. It flashed twice right next to the ground. Then a few minutes passed and I saw it flash but this time it was like a beam that pointed up in the sky away from us. Then it flashed again but very dull. Well, I had had enough of guessing what it was and decided to get in the car and drive around the block to the back of our! property and shine the car lights out there. My daughter went! with me and she stayed in the car and I got out with my flashlight. I walked all over the area where we saw it. Nothing. I drove back to the house and it had stopped flashing. My wife and daughter went to bed. I continued to watch out the bathroom window and for about 45 minutes nothing happened. I had given up and just as I stepped out of the bathroom into the hall it flashed two more times. And then two more times after that. That is when I came to the computer and wrote this out. I saw it flash 11 times.;36.2598;-94.472
