Cigar shaped craft glided over the treetops behind my home.;1999-11-16 19:00:00;30 -40 seconds;Cigar shaped craft glided over the treetops behind my home. My father, daughter and I were sitting in our sunporch.  My back was facing the row of windows overlooking our back yard and approximately 50 yards of woods separating us from the next street over.  My 2 year old daughter was playing on the couch next to me, facing the windows, when she gasped and looked up out the windows.  I turned around quickly, my father a few feet away looked up.  We saw what at first looked like the bright lights from a bottle rockets, traveling horizontally in the woods.  But then we realized the lights were not dying out.  From what we could tell as it glided over the treetops, it was in my estimation at least 60 feet long and narrow.  Cigar shaped, traveling about 20-25 feet in the air at about 20 mph.  When we first saw it, my father recalled the meteor shower expected in 2 days, but as it went by, we realized it was too close to the ground, and definitely not fading.  It also traveled in a steady straight line with respect to the horizon.  The lights themselves were almost like white light.  Some seemed stationary on the object while others streaked by with the continuous movement of the object, sort of like a trail along side.  It was like a long skinny bus moving through the sky.  It made no sound, but about 10 minutes later, the phone module on the wall emitted radio (police-type) sounds, with the phone on the hook.  My mother said that that happens every once in a while and thought it was unrelated.  I have always believed in the possibility, but I have never seen anything like that.  It was so surreal.  The eerie part is, if my daughter hadn't looked up at that moment, we never would have known.  My skeptic father came right out and said he was creeped out. I will check with the state and local police and watch the newspaper to see if anyone else saw it.  I would like to take a walk in the woods there tomorrow and see if anything was disturbed.;40.3869000000002;-82.4901000000005
