Bright lights hovering very low and changing colors.;2001-11-18 04:23:00;20mins;Bright lights hovering very low and changing colors. It was around 4:20am on the 18th of November.  We were dropping a friend off when we noticed a very bright blue light.  It was very dark out and we thought it might have been a car in the mountains.  There were lots of cars going up and down the mountains because of the meteor showers, then we realized that cars don't have bright blue lights. We were driving east for about 2mins and we kept looking back at it.  At that point it was right behind us and it looked like it was following us so we stopped and looked at it.  It was hovering pretty low.  We didn't know what it was and we were curious so we turned around to get a better view of it.  Than it looked like it was trying to get away from us because it was moving backwards. We kept driving towards it and it went back further towards the mountains and got smaller and dimmer.  It looked as if it was trying not to be noticed.  We got bored so we turned around again but we didn't keep our eyes off of it and while we were driving away it started to rise up into the air really quick.  It was changing colors like blue, green, orange, red and white. It kept getting brighter and switching positions in matters of seconds in the sky. We were still driving and the object was rising into the sky at a fast rate and than we couldn't see it anymore.;40.0217727272726;-105.258365102639
Early morning Boulder, CO UFO sighting with photos;2007-08-10 05:25:00;5-7 minutes;Early morning Boulder, CO UFO sighting with photos I couldn't sleep and went to work on my computer. I noticed the sun was coming up (through east facing window) and then was a little startled by shadow blocking sunlight. Went outside, looked west, object moved, shadow disappeared and then object relocated very quickly further east. Ran to get roommate (could not be roused) and camera. Object then seemed to have cigar shape, hovered and moved up and down slightly N/E. Took photos. 4. Then object moved slightly north, became clearer, took another photo, then vanished (east????). Totally clear morning, dog reacted as well. No evidence of clouds. Hard to focus on object. Would not believe it if I didn't see it myself. No lights, seemed very fast. No sound. Ran to computer to report this was the first webpage that came up. Honestly, I'm a little shaken.;40.0217727272726;-105.258365102639
September, Friday the 13 Left Hand Canyon hundreds of crafts and beings in the sky and on the ground;2013-09-13 22:00:00;5 hours;September, Friday the 13 Left Hand Canyon hundreds of crafts and beings in the sky and on the ground This was my first completely undeniable close encounter with extraterrestrial phenomenology.  It happened on Friday the 13th of 2013 in Left Hand Canyon the night after the 500 year flood began.  I was stranded up in the Canyon for 7 days, and saw activity each night.  The activity on the night of Friday the 13th shook my belief system to the core. Stranded up the canyon with a good friend we laid on her rooftop and watched the sky. Immediately the moon began to flicker and strange clouds poured out over the canyon.  Crafts were instantly everywhere, the entire sky full of different ships, moving at different speeds and different altitudes, all were silent.  Many familiar looking ships common to UFO sightings I had previously viewed online.  Many crafts unlike anything I have ever heard of or seen.  Foreign colors and movement that didn’t have a reasonable pathology to them as far as my human brain could tell.  They appeared to be in constant flux, shifting shape and color and teleporting short distances through the sky. When I pointed the first one out, my friend told me to stay calm and that they will land.  She had seen them almost every night for over a year now, and hadn’t confided in me fearing I would think she was crazy.  Moments later they landed, not the crafts but it appeared they were being flashed down.  The sky would light up like heat lighting, even though the clouds had now vanished, and glowing orbs were on the ground 20-30 feet away.  You could feel them and hear them “whistle”.  They were playful and would whistle back and forth with us.  They also seemed to have a telepathic ability.  I couldn’t hear it the first night but my friend had to go inside, as the sounds were too much and gave her a headache.  She described it as a mechanical bird chirp that never stopped.  I heard this sound the next night. This went on for hours.  Crafts in the sky would respond to my whistle and humming. Some would stay focused on us for 30 minutes or so before moving on.  The entire time, crafts flew in and out of what I can only explain as a void, much higher in the sky.  The ships up high would not react with us and seemed to all be coming and going through what I have to believe is some kind of wormhole.  I watched them on the ground and in the sky for 4+ hours until exhausted I fell asleep. The next day I awoke with a headache, that didn’t last more than an hour.  I spent the next couple days and nights scouting the forest for prints, which I found, however not in the area of the glowing orbs.  I believe many extraterrestrials from many different galaxies were present in this canyon. I have since been back and every time show more people, and spot 10-20 crafts over several hours.  This is a UFO hot spot. Some of my peers have had very negative encounters and won’t return to see them again, fearing a hostile presence.  He described the same mechanical whistle sound but said it had a harpooning effect on him, and he saw 3 physical beings, not like the glowing playful orbs, but dark and in the shadows. The lights at my house flicker for days when I return to the city. I have dreams often, but haven’t noticed anything else strange.  I continue to look for information and want to contact them very badly, it’s become and obsession.;40.0217727272726;-105.258365102639
