Convoy of crafts came from the ground one at a time, looked like airplanes at nightfall.;2000-03-15 16:30:00;14 hrs;Convoy of crafts came from the ground one at a time, looked like airplanes at nightfall. in 2000 I went to Boulder County Jail over driving with out a liscence...(i know!) for 8 days.  I lived in Boulder at the time and knew (and still know) Boulder quite well.   so for three days i'm staring out the window. there is an airport north of the BCJ, but there were no aircraft for three days straight, becuase thats all i did was stare out of the window.  it was a cloudy grey day. directly east of my window there was a dark green craft with a white glow around it, (very obvious against the grey clouds) that came directly out of the ground. it literally rose straight up from the ground and when it changed directions it changed dramatically, with no gravitational effect.  there is a small hill that drops down and i couldn't see where it came from but it definitly wrose from the ground, straight up.  it did some manuevers, going up and coming down, speeding and then bouncing back then it came back near where it popped up from and proceded to fly a straight pattern at the speed of an airplane. trust me, it was NO airplane,  it seems i was only 500-1,000 feet from it, and i could see the detail of the craft. it was diamond shaped, with strange small details. so it fly's this straight pattern north untill i can nolonger see it anymore.  i estimated the point where these craft came from and it was just north of the devils tower like structure by the train yards and baseball feilds on the east side of town.  as soon as i look back to where it popped up from, ANOTHER one popped up. only this time, it didn't fly around in a random pattern. looking like a UFO, it came straight up out of the ground and proceeded to fly the same pattern that the first did when it was done doing the weird manuvers.   THERE WERE ABOUT 6 OF THESE. they all flew the same pattern, at about airplane speed from east of the jail all the way north. then came dinner.  when i got back from dinner it was getting dark. they had stopped. when it got completely dark, they started again, flying the same pattern, from the ground, then slow and low, along the horizon.  The freakiest part of this sighting is that when it was dark, they flashed like airplanes. the lights were very convincingly flashing as a normal small plane would...YET i saw them in the day, fairly closely. close enough to know they definitly were not airplanes.   i made sure i wasn't wrong about the location of the jail compared to the airport, the jail is directly north of the jail and my window was facing directly east.  i asked everyone that had a room facing east and no one was looking out of the window...i guess most people sleep or read. my celmate wouldn't look when i told him, he was scared i guess. anyway there were 2 or 3 more and then it stopped. i woke up right at sunrise the next morning and saw one more of them, fly the same pattern, in even more detail. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.0217727272726;-105.258365102639
