Visited by three grey beings in my bedroom.;2015-01-15 23:00:00;?;Visited by three grey beings in my bedroom. First of all, my personal history is sketchy.  I could be very easily discredited.  I am a known iv meth user and alcoholic.  I have always had very vivid dreams almost every night for as long as I can remember.  I have also experienced occasional sleep walking, as well as sleep paralysis, since childhood, and as an adult.   That being said, I am also known for my honesty.  I have never met another person who is as truthful and trustworthy as I am.  People closest to me have heard the story I'm telling now and they all believe me because they know I am almost incapable of lying.  However, most of them believe I was dreaming or that obese experiencing some kind of hallucination due to my drug use.  I was not using for several days when this happened, nor had I been drinking. I have hallucinated many times from drug use and I know this was not anything like a hallucination.  Also, I know very well what nightmares and vivid dreams are like.  This was not a dream. Sleeping alone in my bedroom I woke up groggy and experiencing sleep paralysis.  I felt like there was something coming to get me and I was terrified.  I tried to move my head to see who it was but I could barely move my eyes or even open them.  I saw what I believe to be a tall grey alien in my bedroom doorway.  I did not get a very good look at him but he resembled the classic description of grey aliens.  Large head and large dark eyes, no ears and a small mouth.  He was wearing a long white or silver robe. He telepathically told me to go back to sleep and I did.  I then remember (very vaguely) just briefly standing in front of another grey alien.  I think I was still in my room but not sure.  He also looked similar to the classic description of grey aliens but with darker grey skin.  He was slightly taller than me and wearing a red long sleeve shirt or jacket with a cut out in the neckline similar to a priests collar.  We just stood staring at each other.  The next thing! I remember is waking up in my bed again with sleep paralysis.  This time I was much less groggy.  I was paralyzed but fully awake.  I am %100 positive I was awake and VERY VERY AWARE AND ALERT.  I could feel the presence of them before I even opened my eyes.  Opening them was very difficult.  When I did finally open my eyes I saw another grey alien sitting next to my bed right beside me.  There was another being standing at the foot of my bed.  I could only see him out of the corner of my eye because I could not move my head at all.  He was wearing something red and I believe that he (the one at the foot of the bed) was the same one I had previously stood in front of, but I can't be sure.  I feel like there was a third one in the room as well but ,again, I can't be sure as I did not even get visual on a third...just a sense that another was there. I did get a good look at the one sitting beside my bed.  He looked similar to the classic description of grey aliens.  He was dark grey/lar! ge eyes/no ears/small mouth etc....but with swirly kind of freckles(ma rkings similar to tattoos?)on his face near his eyes. He was wearing a black long sleeve shirt or jacket and possibly a silver metallic necklace but I'm not sure.  He stared at me for only a few seconds but I was aware of at least some of his thoughts as well as the telepathic communication between him and the others.  He told the one at the foot of the bed that I was awake and I was going to remember.  The one at the foot of the bed told him to put me back to sleep.  He stared at me a few more seconds and I could hear his thoughts, which are very difficult to explain except that they were positive thoughts.  He did put me back to sleep and that is all I remember. The next morning I found a bruise and a possible injection mark on my right arm.  I also had a tender spot on the lower left base of my skull.  For the next several nights I would wake up with sleep paralysis and a feeling that they had been there but no clear memory of it.  I have not had any more memories of encounters or sleep paralysis since. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.3762;-122.9531
Object capable of hovering and flying really fast in weird patterns with different colors of lights;2018-02-16 21:00:00;5 minutes;Object capable of hovering and flying really fast in weird patterns with different colors of lights It was flying low over my house, as I drove down my street.  I commented that someone was flying way too low.  It appeared large and had a red light.  By the time I pulled in my driveway, it went high up in the sky (appearing much smaller) and was flying around like in an arc.  Then as we sat in the car and watched it stopped and appeared to just hover in the sky in one spot for awhile.  Then it went from red light to a green and white flashing light for a few seconds.  Then back to red and still hovering.  Then it flew impossibly fast in a kind of little circle.  Then it had the different color flashing lights again and hovered.  Then it flew really fast down until it was behind the house and I couldn’t track it anymore.;44.3762;-122.9531
