Silvery orb hiding behind  cloud!;1995-10-15 15:00:00;2-3 minutes;Silvery orb hiding behind  cloud! Well, I have always struggled with the whole U.F.O. phenomenum, real or not? After this sighting which was my first and last good sighting of an U.F.O. i tend to beleive in them a lot more. But still feel that this could have been man-made, but a U.F.O. none-the-less. Nice bright blue sky, with about 10 to 15% of it dotted with puffy white clouds that you can not see through. I had just pulled up to a stop light, facing south and was just looking at the sky, when I saw a Fairly bright silver, apparently reflective type orb emerge from one of the clouds moving east at a very slow rate and then it appeared to stop. As I looked at it I knew i had never seen anything like it before and had this really odd feeling of being watched. I looked around and remember seeing only a couple of cars to my right and the people had not noticed it, and I felt the urge to call out to get them to look up at what i saw, but as I looked back up, the orb was moving back to the right, (west), and went back behind the same cloud it came out from behind to begin with. It did not reappear on the other side, and when the light turned green I crossed the intersection and pulled over on the side for a few minutes keeping an eye on the cloud I saw the orb emerge from, but did not see it again. Well I live in a military town and on top of that there is a small airport to the south of my town so I have seen many different types of Aircraft over 30 years of my life in all different weather conditions and of course there are times when you see things that are a little different but always upon closer examination you knew what they were, jets or copters or flares, and commercial aircraft of course. From the size of this object and comparing it to all the other flying aircraft I have seen in the skys I would say the object was 10 to 15 ft in diamater, of course its hard to be sure of that aspect. But this defied anything common to say the least, the clouds were moving just perceivably to the west, so the object actually stopped or slowed down emensely and retreated back to where it came from even though the cloud was moving away from it. But that was the closest cloud in range to the object. Also the object made no sound that i could hear with my windows rolled down. Which was also very unusual. I told my wife and little girl when i got home and they were slightly amazed because they know i do not get excited over anything, and also told a couple of friends about it, and then about a year or two later, we saw an episode of sightings on the fox network that had a video of an almost identical sighting as mine, but in a different state and different time. And I said there it is that is exactly what I saw! And the object on the video behaved in exactly the same manner.;34.6141102040817;-98.4120775510205
Husband and I were driving on the interstate near the Deyo, OK. Exit sign..saw that sign a few minutes after our UFO incident, made it;2000-05-09 10:30:00;5 to 10 seconds;Husband and I were driving on the interstate near the Deyo, OK. Exit sign..saw that sign a few minutes after our UFO incident, made it a point to remember just where we saw the unusual sights we witnessed...we seemed to be the only drivers on the road also..we were heading east. Husband looked out he window to the north and saw this low flying sphere which looked to be made of glass, at least it was shining like the brightest reflection, and then behind it came another one....when I looked over, I just thought how odd, and wondered what kind of artillery was being used, that we should actually be able to see some type of (??) being propelled horizontally across the sky...at a very fast rate of speed...then all of a sudden they veered upward heading almost towards an imaginary two if on a clock face....and there was a black circle in the bottom of the one my husband viewed, with a heavy yellow jet stream of exhaust coming from it....since I was on the other side of the auto, the UFO's left my line of vision sooner than they did for my husband, who was craning his neck and looking out of our van, to continued viewing them as they sped out of sight... all this happened so quickly, we were puzzled as to what we'd seen. but it was in an airspace which was between Lawton and Ft. Sill....military base areas...to our understanding....we are sr. citizens, and our kids still think we are crazy....but it did happen.....and it was on Mother's Day, of that year....we'll never forget it.. they looked like round mirrors reflecting in the bright sun....(please no name..) we'd had enough ridiculing over this........thank you;34.6141102040817;-98.4120775510205
dark sphere east of lawton moved northeast after a short duration;2006-08-24 15:25:00;9 minutes;dark sphere east of lawton moved northeast after a short duration a sphere easterly direction while driving on highway 62, seen approximately six or seven thousand feet appeared stationary against white clouds and started to move north east after seven minutes movement was slow in appearance ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.6141102040817;-98.4120775510205
Luminous flying sphere observed near Lake Quanah Parker, Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge, Lawton, OK;2011-06-05 22:56:00;~ 1 min., 30 sec.;Luminous flying sphere observed near Lake Quanah Parker, Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge, Lawton, OK A friend and I were out star-gazing in the Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge on the night of June 5th, 2011.  We were parked at the Lake Quanah Parker Dam Spillway 'turnabout'/fishing area, standing on the pavement facing Lake Quanah Parker (due North) and observing the Big Dipper just overhead when we observed a a very bright stationary object.  The object was positioned just slightly to the right of center between the constellations Ursa Major and Ursa Minor and just below the constellation Draco.  The object did not appear to have any clearly defined edges when perceived by the naked eye or when viewed through binoculars (Bushnell 12x21 compact.)  The glow of he object appeared to be almost a cream color, not quite white, but not quite yellow.  The object's luminosity and apparent diameter appeared to be fluctuating at regular intervals of approximately 1/30th of a second.  The objects diameter (when at its smallest) was roughly the equivalent of 5 normal stars, or approximately the size of the planet Jupiter - viewed when it appears closest to Earth.  When the object appeared largest, its apparent diameter was close to 7-8 stars or nearly twice the size of the planet Jupiter. The object appeared to remain motionless for more than a minute (at the location mentioned above) and then suddenly it began a steady arc in a northern direction (toward the constellation Draco) then curved gradually south-eastern (making a tear-drop shaped loop) and proceeded onward in a south-easterly path, now at a much more rapid rate of speed.  From the moment its motion began until it disappeared somewhere near the far south-eastern horizon, 18 seconds had elapsed.   The object did not appear to be flying low to the ground, (seemed significantly higher than normal aircraft would be flying) though without any clear reference point or measurements, it is not possible to discern the object's actual size, speed or altitude. The object did not appear to make any audible sound(s)and no discernible effects were apparent regarding nearby mechanical devices (cars, cell phones), persons, plant or animal life. My friend and I are both amateur astronomers, experience with military as well as more than 15 years each with astronomy/stargazing.  We have lived in the immediate area for 8 and 10 years respectively and have never observed an object like this, or in this location.   Neither one of us knows what this object is, but we are both clear that it is neither traditional military nor civilian commercial aircraft.  The object's motion is neither consistent with a meteor or any other known natural phenomena.  While consulting the NUFORC director, I was informed that the international space station was not visible from that location and at that time. Weather: 78 degrees F., light occasional winds at 10-15mph., slightly humid, two faint displays of apparent distant lightening occurred approximately 35 min. prior to observation of this object. Air traffic:  Civilian/Commercial air traffic was high just prior to the sighting but there were no aircraft within the area of the object, at that time. NOTE: When observing the same area the night following this observation a fast moving military aircraft was observed making 7 great loop-like passes of the entire wildlife refuge as well as the nearby military base (Ft. Sill, Army Post) within a time frame of 16 min., and at a fairly moderate altitude, slightly lower than normal air traffic in that region.  Neither of us has ever observed this kind of military behavior in the decade or so that we have both lived in this area. Ft. Sill is well known for its loud artillery training exercises, but never for it's military flight maneuvers.  The nearest Air Force installation is Altus AFB in Altus, Oklahoma, ~45 miles west of the location of the sighting.  During the sighting, attempts were made to photograph the object by the use of a built-in cell phone camera, no image was clear, the screen frame appeared entirely black.;34.6141102040817;-98.4120775510205
