My husband and I experienced 2 glowing orbs (1 red at one end 1 blue at the other with us in the middle) approximately 50-100 yards apa;1986-04-15 00:30:00;app.4 1/2 hrs.;My husband and I experienced 2 glowing orbs (1 red at one end 1 blue at the other with us in the middle) approximately 50-100 yards apart. They came together no more than 10 yards directly  in front of us and then shot directly into the sky. My husband and I along with 2 of our friends went stargazing at a ranch that borders Cuyamaca State Preserve just outside of Julian ,Ca. About 12:30 a.m.I had to go to the bathroom. My husband walked  with me into the woods.Off in the distance we could see poachers spotlighting for game. I do not remember going to the bathroom at all because of the very large red and blue orbs that appeared one on each side approximately 50-100 yards apart from us. The intensity of the orbs blinded us like a paralyzed deer in headlights. Slowly thay came together directly in front of us and merged they shot straight into the sky. We scambled back to where our friends were and were shocked as they began telling us how worried they were because we had been gone almost 4 hours.We never spoke about that night after that night. 2 years later we separeted. 8 years after the incident I ran into him . He came over and I asked him if he remembered the incident. His jaw dropped to the floor as he then told me that he has reacurring dreams of it but he did not remeber the actual incident or that I had been with him. and;33.0534;-116.5658
moved from outer space into lower atmosphere at rapid speed...;1988-06-15 21:30:00;2 Minutes;moved from outer space into lower atmosphere at rapid speed... Unknown object appeared to move from outer space into lower atmosphere at rapid speed. Object also appeared to be linear in nature, resembling an octogonal kite configuration.  The object did not seem to emit light, rather, it appeared to be reflecting a directed beam which was directing its course.  The object seemed to be corrected in course by the beam, or some other unseen power source. (There was no visible beam of light or energy).  This object descended at a 90 degree perpendicular angle over Granite Mountain in eastern San Diego County, and then made a slow calculated inclination to the west between North Peak Mountain and Pine Hills, and then disappeared into an early summer cloud bank. The speed and direction of the object would have placed it over Miramar Naval Air Station in approximately 1 minute.  This object was and is an enigma to me and the other witness present. I am an Air Force veteran, and have never seen or experienced anything like this. I and the other witness are both ex CDF fire fighters and know eastern San Diego County very well. We both grew up in the mountains of San Diego County, and have watched Top Gun naval air- craft all of our lives. I have no rational explanation for this event. Is the Navy up to something, or what????  If they are, they're damn good!!!!  Geee ellll ((NUFORC Note:  Witness appears to us to have very strong credentials, and we suspect he is an excellent witness.  PD));33.0534;-116.5658
huge crft moved slow and low during meteor shower;1993-08-12 01:00:00;not sure;huge crft moved slow and low during meteor shower My brother a friend and afriend of his went campig at the camp ground by julian. ca named pasa pichico. it got dark and my brothers friend whimped out and sleeped in a tent. so three of us layed by the fire. it so hapens that those evenings was the height of a meteor showers most intense germany and mountains of sandiego.we were watching the showers whene my brother said whats that and pointed to an object in the night sky I said it a plane from miramar air base. I soon cam closer when I said Thats no airplane it flew over head at an angle I could hear the craft just as it went over heads the three of us we all dont remembe any thing else un tilll the next day.  I have my brother and a friend that share the memories ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.0534;-116.5658
