Stationary bright light observed foor over an hour.((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus, which is in the NW sky, currently.  PD));2010-04-21 19:30:00;1.0 hours;Stationary bright light observed foor over an hour. At approximately 7:30 PM, I looked out the window and noticed a very bright star in the night sky. I stepped out onto the porch to observe it.  The light was very bright, about two to three times the size of Venus, and it's luminosity remained constant, with no flicker.  Los Angeles was overcast and rainy, and looking around I couldn't see any other stars, and even the moon was having trouble shining through the haze. (the moon was directly overhead).  The object was about 20 degrees off the West-Northwest horizon, so thinking it could be Venus, I sat and watched it for over an hour.  During that time it never moved, although it did fade in and out, probably due to the moving cloud cover. I watched several helicopters fly across the horizon at varying distances, and all of them were easily identifiable. Eventually I came into the house to get ufocenter's phone number, and upon returning to the window I saw the object had vanished.  I don't know what it was, but it was unusual.  I have enclosed a photo of the object, taken with a cellphone camera, and gamma enhanced. (Please excuse the poor quality).;34.1488259574469;-118.446727234042
Spotlight orb vanishes leaving a glowing gas cloud. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;2 minutes;Spotlight orb vanishes leaving a glowing gas cloud My name is Michael, I am a pilot working on my commercial lic. in rotorcraft. My  mother in law first spotted this light to the west of our location. She then asked me what it was. I first thought it could be a helicopter but after a few seconds of observing it I knew it was not. I also knew it was not an airplane. It had a short spotlight and looked like it was pretty close to the gournd. It looked like it was 1000-2000 FT. AGL. The spotlight  slowly dimmed away  and then the UFO slowly vanished out into the sky looking like it travelled miles away. I've then noticed a faint turquoise trail the orb left behind. The trail started as a thin line and then expanded into a large cloud like shape. I noticed the turquoise cloud it left behind last for a minimum of 5 minutes. I did not see the turqoise glowing mist disipate. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));34.1488259574469;-118.446727234042
6 or 7 white metallic spheres hovering over burbank blvd in sherman oaks/van nuys.;2021-05-23 15:45:00;15 minutes;6 or 7 white metallic spheres hovering over burbank blvd in sherman oaks/van nuys. I was driving east on Burbank Blvd. just west of Van Nuys Blvd. The sky was very clear and it was 3:45 in the afternoon.  I looked up in the sky and saw a white, perhaps metallic white(?) object hovering in the sky, perhaps about 10 to 15 thousand feet up. It was not moving and just floating there.  Something caught my attention far to the left and I realized there was another identical object hovering as well, not moving, seemingly not being buffeted by the wind.  As I drove and kept staring at the first object I noticed, while occasionally looking at the other one to see if it moved (neither of them seemed to be moving) more objects appeared behind the first one.  When I say behind what I mean is that they seemed to be higher up in the atmosphere, perhaps 40 thousand feet? Again they appeared white or metallic white, perfectly round and while some of them were remaining still a couple did seem to be moving.  One seemed to be going up and the other down, then left and right.  Going to state right now I may be wrong on this one as I was craning my neck around and also for whatever reason having a hard time recalling exactly what happened because it felt pretty extraordinary and I am a bit dumbfounded as to why no one seemed to notice these things other me...though I suppose a case could be made that most people when driving keep their eyes on the road, which is the safer choice.  I pulled over into the parking lot of a small strip mall and hopped out of my car to take some photos.  Because of the glare on my phone and the fact that my phones camera isn't great I wasn't quite sure if I was getting photos of anything.  I did end up snapping a few photos of both the original object and the one to its right (my left) and while I could see the other objects behind the original one none seem to have been captured on camera. The photos aren't very good.  I hopped back into my car and it couldn't have been more than 30 to 45 seconds before I was back on Burbank moving east and in that 45 seconds (maximum) all of the objects seem to have vanished except the original one which was still hovering in place and had not moved the entire time.  So honestly I don't think they were drones, because the altitude would mean these were the biggest drones in the world and that they were spherical, definitely not planes. Perhaps weather balloons or some sort of lantern but again the original one never moved just hovered still and I think even if by some miracle there was absolutely no wind up that high the thing would still bob around or something if it was balloon.  One thing that happened that I just don't understand was as I hopped out of my car to take photos I noticed to older men in front of a cafe having coffee and talking. As I took the photos I turned to them and asked them to look and tell me what they think.  They smiled, said nothing and then just went back to talking about golf. I don't understand why someone would simply be curious enough to even look.  So that's it, very odd, no one else seemed to notice it and I'm stumped.;34.1488259574469;-118.446727234042
