Leading and trailing &quotstars&quot moving in perfectly straight trajectory across Northern Nevada (Dayton) night sky.;2020-08-08 22:25:00;3-4 minutes;Leading and trailing &quotstars&quot moving in perfectly straight trajectory across Northern Nevada (Dayton) night sky. I am a retiree from Baltimore,Maryland who now resides in Dayton, Nevada. I am a former Certified Wastewater Treatment Operator.  I have a Bachelors of Science Degree in Physical Geography/Cartography from James Madison University, Harrisonburg, Virginia.  On the night of August 8, 2020 I decided to sleep on my back deck (for the first time ever) to look at the stars and perhaps the Milky Way if visible.  I had just entered my sleeping bag when I noticed what I thought was possibly a satellite moving across the sky.  It looked like the size of a planet, larger than a star.  Then I noticed another moving star directly behind the first moving object.  It was not as brilliant but was in a direct line behind the first---at quite a distance away.  I waited to see if it would overtake the leading object, but it never varied in distance. Both stars moved without sound and at a very slow, deliberate pace, almost like a zeppelin.   They moved t! oo slow to be a airplane.  As it moved forward, North by Northeast, the front star seemed to fade as if going into a cloud or haze.  However, neither of these conditions were evident. Meanwhile the trailing star seemed to fade as well but took on a red dim glow.  It did not flash,blink or strobe.  (The front star never change color). At one point both stars nearly disappeared only to momentarily become brilliant and then again fade.  All this while, they maintained the same exact distance in an exact straight line.  I looked to see if any surrounding stars were blocked out to reveal a shape between the two stars.  I noted no shape what so ever.  However, if this was some sort of airship, it would have been huge in length.  I gazed at the stars until they left my range of view.  No change in direction or sudden velocity variances.  Just a slow and deliberate cruise.  It was also very high in ! altitude.  That is why I initially believed it to be a satelli! te.;39.282;-119.528
