Disk-shaped object with glowing red dome hovered a few feet from the ground, came close, then shot off.;1975-06-30 21:00:00;2 minutes?;Disk-shaped object with glowing red dome hovered a few feet from the ground, came close, then shot off. I am a nurse, my husband is a doctor.  Have not told my story to many people.  After watching THE FORTH KIND at the theater, my husband wanted me to relate this story.   I was approx 13-14 yrs old.  My brother was two years younger.  We were outside of our little country church with several other kids waiting for choir practice to end.   Someone noticed an object hovering near us in the cow pasture very close to where we were standing.  No sound.  The object was disk-shaped with a glowing red dome on top, hovering a few feet from the ground.  We were approx 50 ft (or so) away from the object.  It slowly came closer.  Everyone stopped.   Could have heard a pin drop.   It then shot off to the right of us toward the trees and was gone in an instant.  Again, no sound. While with my family at Christmas a couple of years ago, I had my brother (now retired military) tell his version to my husband.  It was the same.  We are in our 40's and never talk about this. He never forgot either.  I would love to ask the others, but they moved away years ago. Others have seen objects in the same area since then. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Mr. Davenport, I was surprised to get a reply from you.  My husband has been after me to tell someone about this since he has known me.  It was such a long time ago that I felt it was not prudent now.     Windsor,  North Carolina, is a small county town with a lot of farmland and open spaces. There have been multiple sightings.  My older cousin saw a disc-shaped object nestled in a field surrounded by woods on her way home just around dusk one evening.  (I believe it was not long after my sighting). It lifted up and over her car, hovered in an adjacent field then took off.  This was years ago and told to me by my mother.  This was when we lived a mile down a country dirt road, and she lived just past us with her husband.       The object that I witnessed was apparently seen by adults the following week at church.  I was not there, I did not see it again.  What I saw left a lasting impression on me.  I am a true believer.  I wish I could re-live the moment and remember everything.  I have always said that I would love to be hypnotized and return to that moment and see it again as an adult.  I would love to remember every detail of my experience.     I now live just outside Raleigh, NC, with my husband and children.  I have never seen a UFO again, but always look to the sky's in hopes of seeing one.  This experience is always with me, so many years later.  Never far from my mind.  Isn't that crazy?   I will ask my brother, but he is retired military and works for the government in Virginia and may not feel comfortable doing this.  The others, I have lost contact with 20+ years ago and have no idea where they are now.  Three of them were the pastor's kids, and they moved many times since then: ((three names of observers deleted)).   I hope this helps.  I know that there are many people out there with their own stories.  I spoke with one of my patients the other day about her experience (we were discussing the movie THE FOURTH KIND and she shared an interesting story regarding a sighting in New Jersey).     Thanks for listening.   Best regards, ((END ADDENDUM));36.0177;-76.9358
