Orange / Red Orb in Oakland, TN traveling at constant speed and altitude on 07/14/13 appx. 21:00.;2013-07-14 21:00:00;~2-3 minutes;Orange / Red Orb in Oakland, TN traveling at constant speed and altitude on 07/14/13 appx. 21:00. Approximately 21:00 on Sunday 07-14-2013 I along with others my neighborhood in Oakland, Tennessee, observed an orange/red orb traveling at a constant speed and altitude.   I noticed someone had shot off a few fireworks in the far distance.  I saw a bright light between where the fireworks were being shot and where I was located.   At first we thought it was a firework.  As we watched it, we noticed it was moving towards us.  It seemed to be at a low altitude or either it was very big and gave that impression. It passed overhead and therefore I got a good view of it.  The orb was circular like the sun and moon.  It was very bright, but it did not cause me to squint to look at it as the sun does.  It didn't have a tail, nor make any sound. It didn't have any other colors in it nor did it flicker like the ones you see on you tube videos.   After it passed over, I made a point to look at the rim to see if I saw anything emitting around it.  I did notice a little energy, I guess you can call it, but only when I looked hard at the rim after it passed. It was not a Chinese lantern as some may suggest.  I got a good look at it probably between 2 and 3 minutes, especially when it passed overhead. I know it was not what has been suggested it might have been to me. I had no funny feeling in my body as it passed over, just amazement.   That happened night before last and tonight I have a sore throat, gee I hope that orb didn't give me something! :o)  I'm joking, but I'm also serious about that last statement!   If anyone has seen this orb or any other in Oakland, PLEASE report it to an online UFO reporting site.  I'm sure all of us that have had the opportunity to see one of these orbs would love to see how many others in Oakland and across the country that have actually gotten to see one.  I'm wondering if it is a good or bad thing seeing one...I'm honestly having mixed feelings. What are they?  Are they good, evil, just a ball of energy, a secret government! project or what?;35.229;-89.5155
Brilliantly colored Orange/Red Circle travelling E to W in Oakland, TN on July 14, 2013.;2013-07-14 21:00:00;2-3 minutes;Brilliantly colored Orange/Red Circle travelling E to W in Oakland, TN on July 14, 2013 On July 14, 2013 approximately 21:00 (9:00pm), I observed along with others an orange/red orb.  I was talking to my neighbor and glanced to the east.  I noticed a big orange/red ball.  I asked my neighbor what that was, and he said probably a firework, since someone was shooting off a few in the distance from where we were, and we could see them.    We kept watching silently.  We noticed it was moving towards us. When it was passing, I told him that wasn’t normal.  He said no it wasn’t.  We both said we have never seen anything like it.  It had no sound, nor a tail.  I viewed it very well.  It didn’t have a white glowing light nor an open place in the bottom like Chinese lanterns have. I got an excellent view of the east, north, west and bottom of this object.  IT HAD NO OPENINGS WHATSOEVER!  Brilliant orange red color.  I did focus on it’s rim after it passed by me to see if I saw anything emitting from the sides.  I did see a little energy, one might call it. My close up look revealed that it did not flicker like most you tube videos of orbs do.  It was very bright, but didn’t hurt my eyes at the moment looking at it.  I didn’t have to squint like looking at the sun makes one squint.  It was a big ball traveling across the sky.  It seemed to be intelligently controlled in my opinion.   I have not ideal what I saw, but I can tell you in my opinion what I  believe it wasn’t due to the close up view I got of it.  It has been suggested it was a Chinese lantern.  I have looked at Chinese lanterns on you tube.  There is no comparison to what I observed.  There was no white light.  It was perfectly round like the moon.  I know it was not a falling star, nor a piece of space junk that fell from orbit.  I witnessed a piece of Russian space junk falling and it looked like a plane on fire with a long tail.   This orb looked more like a ball of energy, perhaps one might say an orange round moon traveling.  The color was not flickering.  I didn’t see any white or black spots.  The color seemed the same all over, just brilliantly colored.   I didn’t see a triangle or any other shape within or outside of it.  I observed it long and close enough to honestly say in my opinion it wasn’t a Chinese lantern which skeptics want one to believe. There is a place that makes flares on the east side of Oakland.  I sometimes see them testing early in the morning off in the distance from our house.  They fall down.  I’ve seen enough of those to know it wasn’t a flare.  Besides it was on a Sunday night, and I’m sure they were closed.  They don’t travel at a constant speed and altitude either. As the object traveled past, I didn’t feel any weird feelings within my body.  I probably wouldn’t of noticed any weird feelings since I was so fixated on the object in question.  Again, it had no openings on the east, north, west nor bottom of object.  I could see it most clearly.  If it landed on top of the house or in front of me, I could not have viewed it any better. I called the National Weather Service in Memphis, Tennessee this morning.  The gentleman said the surface winds were out of the east at 10 mph.  Speculating winds aloft were out of SE 500 feet and above.  He said they didn’t keep a record of winds aloft, so he was going by what it has been lately with winds out of the east.  I didn’t like hearing winds out of the east, because that doesn’t help me with my case as to what I actually viewed.  The skeptics reading my report will suggest it was a Chinese lantern, which in my opinion clearly wasn’t.   Before saying that I would say it was a ball of energy coming from the fireworks.  I feel so strongly it wasn’t a Chinese lantern due to the great views I had of it on the east, north, west and bottom sides. Whatever it was…. The color was very pretty.  I don’t see Chinese lanterns having such a brilliant orange / red color.  It wasn’t like it was lit up inside an object.  The object was the light itself. Everything I have written is my honest opinion.  I will say the altitude of the object was perplexing to me.  I can’t give you  an altitude, but I can tell you it was big enough and close enough for me to see everything I needed to see.;35.229;-89.5155
It was an orange circle with a bright white light on the bottom interior And was 30 to 50 feet in diameter. ((anonymous report));2019-01-21 23:45:00;15 seconds;It was an orange circle with a bright white light on the bottom interior.  And was 30 to 50 feet in diameter. It was north of my home and low with no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.229;-89.5155
