i was standing out on my front walkway of my house, when I saw a strange round shaped object fly over my head. i could actually see blu;2001-06-20 21:28:00;about 2 minutes;i was standing out on my front walkway of my house, when I saw a strange round shaped object fly over my head. i could actually see blue, yellow and a sort of a beige color shining back and forth, like a spotlight almost. it stood there, hovering for about 2 minutes. im still shook up! i dont know if it was a ufo, but i know this much, it was like nothing ive ever seen before in my life.;19.507;-154.9224
Unusal black round object manuevering strangely in afternoon sky near Pahoa-town.;2003-12-22 13:30:00;4 minutes;Unusal black round object manuevering strangely in afternoon sky near Pahoa-town. While riding as a passenger in a jeep going East on Highway 130 just past Hawaiian Paradise Park and looking off to the right towards the Southwesterly direction just past Pahoa Village at a big cloud formation...I noticed a black round object floating diagonally across the front of the cloud past a puka-hole in the cloud. At first I thought it was like a balloon much, much larger than a child's balloon compared to the size of cloud and how I visually saw object. I am sorry I could not give approximate height since I am not knowlegable about estimating such! As I continued to observe object it descended in a zig-zag, stair-step fashion down to the west across front of cloud right to the very center and middle of the puka hole in the cloud holding steady. It did not appear like the marijuana eradication black helicopters here...was not long shape and did not have rotors, just black and round. Seemed to high up in the sky and clouds to be a helicopter really.  Then in just a few seconds time it zipped down from the puka-hole and off to the west past the cloud and completely disappeared and no longer visible in the cloud or sky. This was rather startling as I expected to still be able to see it, whereas, it did a fast vanishing motion. I kept watch on the cloud and sky looking for it. Then totally unexpectedly it did reappear again from the east portion of the cloud, gradually coming out of the cloud and then fading back into the cloud. This left me with a rather disturbing feeling. I know the viewing time was 4 minutes long as I timed it on my stopwatch. ((NUFORC Note:  One of six, seemingly credible, reports submitted by same witness.  Date of incident may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));19.507;-154.9224
