3 Green Illuminating Flashes and power outage;2007-05-28 23:30:00;10 seconds;3 Green Illuminating Flashes and power outage I was driving along the highway headed home with my brother. We reached the Orchidland Drive intersection and all the power went out, street lights, homes, etc. Then the lights came back on, we were still driving as we observed this and reached the turn off at Paradise Drive in Hawaiian Paradise Park when the transformer blew to our upper right and we saw sparks fall to the ground. At that same moment I looked toward the ocean, looking East and witnessed an enormous bright illuminating green flash which scared my brother and I and we continued to drive down Paradise drive toward the ocean and saw 2 more green flashes that illuminated the sky. The weather was clear with stars visible. There was no noise that accompanied the 3 green illuminating flashes. We both called 911 to first report the sparks on the power line and then to report the 3 green flashes. H.P.P Fire Department was dispatched to the top of Paradise drive to the power pole. The feelings and reactions that I got was we are under attack it appeared as though a missile had struck the ocean and then detonated. We also thought it could have been space debris or a meteorite that entered the atmosphere and flew so low as to cause electrical interference, but we are not sure. All of the power was out down Paradise Drive and the cable was out too. We still have no idea what the green flashes were that lit up with sky and why it was simultaneous with the power outage and transformer blowing up. What chemicals burn green? I'm not a scientist but I figured if the 3 flashes were other transformers then why did the one at the highway spark in white and orange color? I know there were other witnesses, the brightness of the night sky was so lit up by the green illuminating flash I would be surprised if it didn't make our local news in the next few days. We also thought it could have been some sort of craft that crashed into the ocean and when it was flying over the neighborhood it's magnetic field disrupted our electricity. Friends and m! yself ha d reported earlier in the daytime the tv acting funny and popping and cracking sounds coming from the sky.;19.507;-154.9224
