object is very bright and has colorful lights it seems to be aware of being watched.  ((anonymous report));2019-05-22 00:00:00;nightly since January 201;Object is very bright and has colorful lights.  It seems to be aware of being watched. To whom it may concern: 						May 22, 2019   Over the past three months I have been watching this object in the sky, I found it very strange since it had what appeared to be some sort of smoke trail coming from what I believe to be the back end of the craft. When I got my telescope out and looked at it.  It appeared to I would say it hid it self with a round color like octagon ball.  The colors on this ball were orange, blue, pink and purple.  As I have been watching this object in the sky for a few months now.  I know it is aware that I am watching it because every time I look threw the telescope it moves closer to where I am standing. One thing I did find strange is as I was watching this object.  I noticed to other lights just not as bright as the one I was watching the formation of these  other too lights which had the same ability as the one I am talking about and are also able to hide themselves as well.  They are for sure not a star nor a plane or a satellite.  But they do have triangle formation. I thought at first that this object was a drone, however it is not all I no is it is very strange that it is there almost every night just moving around our skies I would like to no what this is. My boyfriend had also seen this object as well as another girlfriend. Maybe just maybe your facility will be able to figure it out.  It may be a ufo and it may be something totally explainable just thought I would report this object I have been watching for the past three months as I do find it strange for it to be there moving around the night sky. 		Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));49.0784;-122.4983
