Black, liquid mercury, shape changing object which can move at amazing speed, stop at amazing speeds to hover;2009-01-31 10:30:00;1-2 minutes;Black, liquid mercury, shape changing object which can move at amazing speed, stop at amazing speeds to hover My husband and I were driving down what is normally a very busy street at approximately 10:30 a.m. on January 31, 2009 (Saturday).  For some odd reason, there was not one car in sight.  My husband casually said, Well, would you look at that, an unidentified flying object.  I looked up to the northeast, and what we saw appeared to be about 2 miles away, black, and cigar shaped.  I said to him that I thought it was an airplane.  He asked me just what kind of plane did I know that looked like that.  Just as soon as he said that, the object flew instantly towards us and now was not even a quarter mile away in the sky.  It changed shape, still black, but looked like liquid metal.  It became egg-shaped and was very shiny, however, the sun was blocked by solid cloud cover, so I didn't make sense that the object was reflecting light.  It hovered in the same spot for about 15 seconds, then, with amazing speed, shot straight to the east and stopped instantly, hovering over the middle school.  I was now heading east in my car to get closer to it.  I traveled two city blocks, looking straight at the object.  When I became close, approximately 1/2 city block, it again shot off straight east and disappeared from sight.  My husband and I racked out brains trying to figure out what it could have been.  We have never seen anything move that fast, stop to hover just as fast, change shape, you name it.  It had no windows, no landing gear, nothing.  It just looked like a black and metallic, with a liquid mercury appearance.  I wish I knew who to contact that would have access to radar in the panhandle of Nebraska area (close to Wyoming border) to see if anything was spotted on the morning of 1/31/9 in the morning.;41.8728118343196;-103.661087573965
