Two different reports of blinking light seen by same witness within a years time.;1997-10-15 22:00:00;15 seconds;Two different reports of blinking light seen by same witness within a years time. I was playing a game in my backyard with 2 of my friends and I saw a blinking light that caught the corner of my eye. It was just above my trees in the back of the yard. I turned to look at it and pointed it out to my friends. They saw it too. After the object blinked, it would move to a different place and blink again. We just stared in awe. We had never seen anything else like this before. This happened for about 15 seconds. Then it disappeared. We walked around the yard to see if it went anyplace else. We found no trace of it again that night. About a year later (not sure what month), I was at a friend's house (a different friend from the other ones). She lives just out of town by a lake. I was staying the night at her house that night. She was in her room for a little bit while I was laying on the couch in the living room. It was about 12:30 AM. I looked out the window to the other side of the road that's by her house. I saw the same blinking light that I had seen about a year before. It was right in front of the trees across the street. I would say it was about eight or so feet above the ground. It kept flashing its light while appearing in different places. It disappeared after about ten seconds. I was so scared I closed my eyes for a couple of seconds. Then I finally had enough courage to open my eyes again. I looked back across the street and the same thing happened over again! It then disappeared again a short time later, and that was the last time I saw it. I was the only witness to see this sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Date indicated by witness seems to be an approximate date.  Report is from anonymous source.  PD));42.2937;-89.6354000000001
yellowish green flash moved from the south east to the north in a curve followed buy  a jet  5 mins later;2005-06-13 02:30:00;60 sec.;yellowish green flash moved from the south east to the north in a curve followed buy  a jet  5 mins later I was looking in the sky to see if I saw any activity going on and to watch the stars in the sky. It was a pretty clear night with just maybe a little bit of haze and no sight of any air traffic in the sky. So after about a half hour  saw the first flash in the south east sky it was yellowish green in color and at first I thought I had just seen a lightning bug. so I watched for it again but wasnt there 5 sec. later i seen it again this time closer to me and I could tell that it was not a lightning bug it was way way to high in the sky. It flashed two more times right after that in diffrent but close prox. from the last and when the last one flashed I saw a very dim light come from the flsah moving north until I could not see it any more. I then got my cell phone and checked the time it was 2:30 a.m. After seening that and woundering what it was I found my self glued to the sky and about 5 mins. later I see a small fast moving jet of some kind coming from the same direction as the flashes of light from the south east and heading the same course as the flashes south east to northly curve.  Jet was like I said small and had a red light on the bottom with a wight strobe and near the tail end of the jet on the top a yellow strobe and a orangish glow like fighter jets have. I checke my cell phone it was 2:35 a.m.;42.2937;-89.6354000000001
