Bright triangular object, slow speed and low sound, spotlight appeared on our group, 4 other objects seen on horizon.;1997-05-03 21:00:00;10 minutes;Bright triangular object, slow speed and low sound, spotlight appeared on our group, 4 other objects seen on horizon. I had been recently thinking more than usual about an event that I and 4 others witnessed as teenagers, May 3rd 1997 in Freeport, IL and for whatever reason I decided to research it tonight.  I found these reports for the same incident that took place at the same time,witnessed by others in the area.  I could not believe this when I found that the incident I had been replaying in my mind for 15 years was not only witnessed by others by sounded almost exactly the same.  I was walking with a group of 5 friends and noticed a bright, primarily white light in the North Eastern sky. I pointed to the object and the others believed it to be a star.  The bright light kept getting bigger and soon was accompanied by a low wurring sound much like a blimp.  Soon the object was about 20-30 feet above us moving at an amazingly slow speed.   What happened next is not a hoax or a prank. A bright light from what appeared to be some type of spotlight came on and when it came on it was immediately focusing on one of my friends.  It did not search around until it found something like you would expect from a normal spotlight, it literally turned on and was shining on him at the exact same moment.   I turned around and began to run back up the lane and briefly turned to watch my friend dive behind a pile of gravel.  The object continued to move slowly North East over my farmland property on the outskirts of Freeport.  We reassembled and did not know what had just happened. We looked out onto the horizon and saw 4-5 other lights that looked identical to the object we had first observed when we thought it was a star and each of these objects were traveling in other directions. -Thanks;42.2937;-89.6354000000001
Huge, black,silent, triangular craft seen moving low over house with 2 witnesses present.  What was this thing?;1997-05-03 23:30:00;3-5 min;Huge, black,silent, triangular craft seen moving low over house with 2 witnesses present.  What was this thing? My husband (fiance at the time) and I were standing out in front of my parent's house in the driveway, kissing goodnight.  The moon was bright when we started our goodnight kiss, but within seconds it appeared to suddenly became very dark, and very quiet.  It was as if we were standing in an absence of sound.  We stopped kissing and looked up into the sky, and moving directly over my parent's house was a HUGE black triangular craft.  It was absolutely silent, except for a slight hissing of moving air.  The craft could not have been more than 100-200 yards over the house, so we got a fantastic look at the underside of the object.  There were dim lights on the underside, and on the back of the object as it moved away from us over the rest of the neighborhood at a VERY VERY slow speed.  We just stood there in complete silence watching this thing move away until we could not see the object any longer.  Once the object passed, we could see the moon again, and normal night sounds filled the area.   Both of us, looked at each other, quickly said goodnight, and I ran into the house. He quickly got into his car and drove to his home.  I was pretty freaked out by what we saw, and looked for an explanation in the paper the next day, but there was nothing reported.   We are not located near an airforce base, nor have any military maneuvers run over our city that I am aware of.   This object was so low to the ground, it was as if we were looking up at the underside of a Star Wars model.  The object was moving from the West to the South East through the night sky.  I told my folks the next morning, but they shrugged it off as something military.  Was this a UFO, or could it have been a secret military craft?  We have not spoken about this to many folks for fear they would think we were nuts.   We didn't realize that there was a place to report such sightings, or we would have reported this when it happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));42.2937;-89.6354000000001
Totally silent and dark objects flew over my neighborhood 11/16/2011;2011-11-16 19:45:00;15 seconds;totally silent and dark objects flew over my neighborhood 11/16/2011 outside talking on phone and smoking cigarette.very quiet and cold out. kind of an amatuer astronomer so so i was starring at sky like i always do when an object came into my view. it was totally silent and dark and flying maybe few hundred feet above the houses. hard to tell what shape exactly it was cause i was kind of creeped out by it.  kept starring at sky and sure enough,probably 30 seconds later another object in same flight path flew over, only this object was much bigger and i could make out a hang glider shape. they didnt streak across the sky but moved quick from west to east. i saw each craft for about 10 seconds a peice before trees got in the way. dont have hangliders within 100 miles of here. it's like 10 degrees outside. very quiet and dark objects. very creepy. hope somebody saw this. please contact me via email if this is worth investigating or you have any idea what this was.;42.2937;-89.6354000000001
