Cluster of lights and a plethora of abnormal activity over weeks, years.;2013-06-25 23:00:00;all night;Cluster of lights and a plethora of abnormal activity over weeks, years My family has been in Redding CT for generations.  My grandmother told me countless stories of her own that took place in that town.  Although I didn't have my own experiences until my mid twenties.  Near my house, the Saugatuck Reservoir stretches miles of road all the way down to Wilton CT.  Towards the end of high school, my friends and I would marvel at the lights that were over the woods and reservoir.  They would move in and out of the tree line at a place called devils den, then emerge in plain view to hover in groups, sometimes as many as six.  I remember seeing these lights constantly after we discovered them, as soon as it got dark they were always there. When I was 24, I moved back home for a couple months and totally forgot about the strange lights.  I never really knew what to make of them and don't believe in anything paranormal, so I dismissed them entirely.  Until one night when I was getting ready to watch a monday night football game with my friend and girlfriend.  I was placing an order for pizza on the phone, when my friend became fascinated with an on old dusty tin can loaded with change sitting on my shelf.  It had been there for years.  I looked at him, then at the can and noticed it was shaking and emitting almost a humming noise.  While I was placing the order on the phone, both him and my girlfriend got closer to the object and it got louder. Sure enough, my friend reached out to touch it and it flew across the room. Total elapsed time was about a minute.  Considering we were grown adults, we did not panic.  I kept saying it was a mouse or something, my friend kept joking that it was a ghost.  Needless to say, we coul! dn't do anything about it so we went to get our food. When we got back, all of us began our ascent up the stairs when the door to my room suddenly opened seemingly for us. That spooked us down the stairs right away. I was the first to laugh, telling them that the door was most likely not properly closed and the motion of going up the old stair case jarred it free. My friend was adamant he saw the knob move, but I told him that has happened before and he calmed down. Old house, old door, no big deal. My friend stayed to eat, but left soon after claiming he was tired. About an hour later, I was lying on my bed watching the game, adjacent to a window that gave me a pretty good view of the sky. All of the sudden, a jet like object came into my peripheral. I looked over and saw it moving slowly, I was in the middle of pointing this object out to my girlfriend when it quickly went directly over my house, no more than 20 yards above the roof. Instantly, I ran outside and saw nothing. It was absolutely silent. I knew it couldn't have b! een a jet or helicopter, but I convinced myself it was. The weeks after were strange. Doors kept opening, and I saw a figure constantly. The only way I can describe him was a silhouette of Abraham Lincoln. Tall, skinny and what looked like a top hat. I don't know what the hell that experIence was, but I moved out soon after that. My mother still lives in that house and started to tell me she has had experiences that she claims could only be 'ghosts', even though she never believed in that stuff just years ago. I have since moved away, first to Newtown in 2011 when I had a similar experience that I reported to this site. For reasons unrelated to this activity, I am now in PA. and have not experienced any new activity in two years. I returned to visit my family for a couple days. I never made sense of those experiences, but years later, I remain curious. I went back to the spot where I remember seeing those lights all the time, and sure enough they were there. Hovering, moving back and forth between the woods of devils den and wilton. There was a very recent ufo report in wilton from dozens of residents that was reported in their police log. I have no idea what any of this stuff is or how it gets investigated, but I would tell any curious ufo hunter to go down to the Saugatuck reservoir in Redding on a clear night, for some reason I remember them being more animate on full moons, and watch the lights towards Wilton. A handful of times me and a friend saw them closer, below the tree line on Dayton road, the road alongside the entrance of devils den. Although I have been down that road many nights and the occurrence is rare. Try to make sense of it if you can, but I'm glad to be far away from the area.;41.2711;-73.3863
