I saw a bright light that slowly moved through the sky and seemed to have striations that looked like lightning bolts eminating from it;2010-09-28 22:20:00;30 minutes;I saw a bright light that slowly moved through the sky and seemed to have striations that looked like lightning bolts eminating from it Tonight I saw a light that appeared to be south east from my location but much higher up than the planes and jets flying below. From my vantage point it appeared to be over long island. What struck me about the light was the brightness especially considering we have a storm blowing through tonight. I was surprised to see this light through the thick clouds that were blowing over. Other stars would get covered over but this light would shine right through the clouds. After I noticed it and really started taking a look at it, I could see lines of light coming from the source that could be described as tentacles or lightning bolt shaped. I thought those lines could have been a trick on my eyes but I blinked and changed perspective and the lines coming from the light stayed clear.  After getting very interested, I got my camera to film it. Unfortunately after that I was not able to see the light at it's full brightness and my camera had a hard time picking it up. By the naked eye, I could still see those lines coming from the light. It seemed very weired that I could see them as the clouds were still blowing through.  The light wasn't moving with the same pattern as the stars. When I first noticed it and started observing, the light moved but I didn't have a good position marked to figure out how far. It wasn't fast though and certainly didn't go shooting off in any direction. When I went in to get my camera and came out, the light was in a much different place but still generally in the same area being south east of my vantage point.  I tried to get photographic evidence of the light and set myself in a position I could remember with trees in the foreground. Although I was able to capture the light on my camera, I don't think it will be very useful because it is so dark out tonight and at that point the light seemed to be aimed somewhere else and thusly was not as bright.  Things that were striking about this light are: * The color of the light was not at all like the stars or the planes flying over. I'd describe it as an LED light while the stars were incandescent. There was a blue color in the light, it seemed. * The pattern the light moved in reminded me of a search pattern but the source was far too high for that to be the case. * The striations coming from the light were truly bizarre. It was like seeing the source of multiple lightning bolts coming from a single source but lasting for minutes at a time. When the light was dim, I could still make out the lines but they weren't as easy to identify. It seemed that every time the light shone bright, the striations were the same configuration however. * Although it wasn't immediately obvious, the light was moving. The pattern it was moving in was more like it was making observations of an area and then move on. I never saw it shoot off in one direction or another but it would either slowly move while it was bright or go dim and then be bright in another spot that was maybe 5 or 10 degrees off from it's last spot.  I have not pulled the camera video onto my computer yet but would be willing to post it onto a server for you to observe. Please email me for that information. Also please understand that I do travel for as long as a week at a time so please be patient if I do not respond right away.;41.2711;-73.3863
