enormous silent craft;1988-07-15 18:00:00;30 minutes;enormous silent craft My brother and I went to a lake for some night fishing. It was the period just before it gets dark and my brother said look at this! I looked up and saw what looked like normal spotlights, there were 5 in a horizontal line. I thought nothing of it. I went back to fishing. He said hey look at this thing! I looked again, and now the lights were changing form- they went from a line to a 7 shape, to an L shape then to a cross type shape. I then began to pay attention to this. We couldnt see anything else at this point. The lights were above the treeline approx. 300 yards away.  It was a clear night, stars out, moon shining. All of a sudden, there was no sky above us. It was black. We could both feel what we can only describe as the field that exists between opposing magnets. It was weird. The craft then turned and some sky became visible again and at that point we could see the shape of this thing. It was like a 55 gallon drum that was cut lenghtwise and laid flat. This thing was huge. Like a city block huge. It made no noise, and aside from the spotlights we saw initially, it had no lights. We were scared beyond words. This thing was directly above our heads for what seemed like forever. It eventually just moved up and away at a very slow rate of speed and ascent. We left immediately after that, when we got home we told our family about it and called the Redding police to see if anyone else had seen or reported this. We declined to leave our names because we did not want to be associated with this in any way. Take this for what its worth- both of us saw what we saw, and to this day, I cannot stop looking at the sky. I am compelled to looking upward all the time. That image will stay with me until I pass. It was extremely frightening and definitely not of this world whatever it was.;41.2711;-73.3863
Two triangles stuck together at their bases.;2011-02-22 13:30:00;2 minutes;I could see a bright light in the distance.  It was flying overhead and approaching in my direction.  It flew directly over head.  It was dark but I could make out the shape. Imagine two triangles stuck together at their bases.  At the tip of one triangle, the one leading, streaks of light were seen. Then streaks of light in the center, and again at the tip of the other triangle.  On the side corners of the triangle, on either side, were red lights.  It must have been travelling at a great speed because it got overhead very quickly.  I did not hear very much sound, but there was a sound, but it did not sound like a plane.  It was more quiet than that. Sort of a whooshing sound.;41.2711;-73.3863
