A brief account of the sighting that I hadon the evening of Tuesday, 3 December 1985,in Walden, NY.;1985-12-03 18:15:00;5 minutes;Summary : A brief account of the sighting that I hadon the evening of Tuesday, 3 December 1985,in Walden, NY. 	My one and only sighting occurred on the eveningof Tuesday, 3 December 1985, at approximately 6:15 PMin Walden, a small village about seventy-five miles northof New York City. I had just driven into the parking spacein front of my apartment and had gotten out of the driver'sseat when I looked north and saw a glowing ellipse, justlike the bowl of a street lamp. The ellipse was absolutelyfeatureless and absolutely still, and its bottom thirdportion was hidden by the tops of some nearby houses.Now I had never seen such a light before in that position,nor did I ever see such a light again during the remainingfive years that I lived in the village of Walden. I looked atit with considerable surprise, and I remember sayingto myself, This must be a UFO…But I will never see aUFO, so it cannot be one… I looked at it for about fiveminutes, and then I went into my apartment. I now realizethat the UFO must have been hovering over the WallkillRiver, midway between Walden and the hamlet of Wallkill,which are about two-and-a-half miles apart on the WallkillRiver.	About 75 minutes later (about 7:30 PM), I waswatching the evening news on television after having eatendinner when I suddenly heard the most deafening soundover the house in which I lived. It sounded like a helicopter,but much louder than any helicopter that I have everheard before or since. The sound was so loud that it wasactually shaking the house. I flew out the door to see whatcould have been causing the sound, and but I could seenothing flying over my house. But at that moment, I knewin my heart that I <had> seen a UFO earlier that eveningand that the sounds that I had heard <must> have beenthe military in camouflaged helicopters in hot pursuit.(Stewart International Airport, by the way, is locatedabout five to seven miles southeast of Walden, and it hasbeen rumored that there is still a military presence on thatinstallation to this day.)	The next day I read in the local newspaper that aUFO has been seen going down the main street of Monticello(about thirty-five miles to the northwest) with police cars inhot pursuit. I have never seen a UFO since, but I am now amember of the UFO research group at Pine Bush.	Thanks for listening to my story. I hope to hearother stories, particularly from those living in the Hudsonand Delaware Valleys of New York State.Regards,Joe QuinnJoequinn@monroe.ny.frontiercomm.net;41.5602999999999;-74.1744999999999
