Lost UFO Firing Up as it ascends for dissapearing in an instant.  ((NUFORC Note:  Hoax, or not, we cannot be certain.  PD));2008-06-20 12:40:00;2-5 minutes;Lost UFO Firing Up as it ascends for dissapearing in an instant Red light came in from the south, at first i thought it was an airplane heading to fresno airport but the direction it came in seemed weird, me and my cousin kept talking as i looked at the object through my telescope..turns out we were looking at the moon and stars as i do every night but NEVER before had i seen sh*t like this. So i noticed the object turn right in a U turn manner very fast, then desended then turn a little again then started elevating. The object was closer when it was elevating than when it first came in. As it elevated it seemed to look like a comets nose buring into the atmosphere but going Up instead. Its lights got very bright, We said  Looks like its fireing up ....then when its lights were at theyre peak..it went from zero to Soound of light! As it went up it just dissapeared. Nothing can go that fast, ive always believed in this but till NOW i had never seen ((anything)) like this, im glad me and mi cousin experienced that. I know that me and my cousin were not the only ones awake at that time...there has to be others whose saw the same shit..Seemed like it would have been around past traver..tulare county maybe..im in Parlier, it didnt seem to far when it was ascending..i had to be south somewhere..not too far. This is the complete story, not one word is a lie, and this for me was defenite proof of what ive always wanted to see and now my eyes are really opening, JULY-20-2008, CENTRAL VALLEY UFO SIGHTING, if any other eyewitnesses were out that night and saw this ufo come in play and blast back off into space, that sh*t was the most craziest sh*t i have really seen, unfu*king believable..but it happened so im telling you now, There IS something other than just humans..so we should all be watching the skies sooner or later.;36.6089;-119.5416
