Oval objects with red lights fly at sporadic rates of speed and change direction seemingly randomly.;2005-09-18 23:30:00;30 minutes;Oval objects with red lights fly at sporadic rates of speed and change direction seemingly randomly. September 18, 2005  My backdoor neighbor and I where outside talking and taking a walk through my field at night (11:30pm) and I noticed a fast paced moving object to the north-east with  a red blinking light.  It seemed to be in outer space, and I thought it was a satellite.  I soon realized it was moving at sporadic rates of speed, it would stop, and go, and change direction seemingly randomly.  After raising and lowering from about 40 degrees in the sky to 30 degrees in the sky again at sporadic rates of speed for about five minuets, it started to move to the west, to the point I was looking north at it, where it stopped and held its place for about 30 seconds. There were very few small clouds that night, and one of them happened to be passing over the moon which was bright.  I could see the object more clearly when the moon was covered, and spotted two (2) more crafts approaching from the east.  At this time I was under the impression that they were in our atmosphere, and I could see more detail, they seemed to be oval in shape, and possibly metallic in color, and slightly reflected the moons light when the red blinking lights paused. The first object was holding its ground while they moved from my east to north field of view, and as the second and third object held speed at my approximation of over 300 MPH or at about the speed of a jet.  The first object instantly picked up speed and traveled in triangular formation with the other two seamlessly, as they did not hesitate or slow down.  They then seemed to grow brighter, or move closer to my location.  I could make out a fourth ship, which came from under the tree line/horizon and did not follow in formation instead rising in the sky and movingly slightly North East.  The first three objects continued to move to my west, where they stopped, and the third most eastern object would stray off to a random direction and the other two would then lag behind for milliseconds, then have to keep up with the third ship to keep formation.  The fourth object was moving sporadically in all directions, at different speeds, ranging from very a halt to faster than an airplane. The fourth object then moved behind one of the clouds in the sky, and then reappeared on the other side as it traveled South East.  The first three objects were hovering about 30 degrees over the horizon.  The fourth object then was flying south to the point where I had to look away from the first three objects, where I could not see it.   The first three objects then started to move east, and I could see them more clearly then ever. They had three (3) red lights, seemingly moving as if electrons around an atom, around the ship, pulsing or blinking at different seemingly random rates and times.  They then moved south, and seemed to get more distant as if flying upward.  They continued to grow fainter over the last five minuets, as they moved south and lower in the sky below the tree line. The objects did not produce any apparent smoke, or exhaust or a trail of any kind, nor did they make any noise. Abruptly afterwards I called my friends that live 30 miles north east of me and told them to look for them, and to my surprise they had been watching them for the last thirty minuets as well, and told a very similar story to mine. This could not have been a hallucination I was of well state of mind and sober, as well as all witnesses.;43.2402342342342;-87.9921747747749
