Yellow core with orange red Atom with circling electron like object above Milwaukee moving at incredibly fast speed for 30min;2005-09-18 22:00:00;30 minutes;Yellow core with orange red Atom with circling electron like object above Milwaukee moving at incredibly fast speed for 30min Late at night myself and a neighbor of mine were sitting on the edge of a field in Mequon WI. We were chatting and looking at the stars as it was a relatively clear night with a few sparce small clouds. I happened to notice a fast moving object above the horizon to the east near Milwaukee. I have watched meteor showers, saw lots of planes in the sky and also the international space station and this did not look like any of them. It had a red light that would go from bright to dim but did not blink or strobe.   Red lights are on airplanes and helicopters so this is what I thought it was at first. My first thought was that it was moving very fast.  It was moving so fast we had to turn our heads from south east to north east to keep it in sight. Shortly after two more identical objects came rushing across the sky at incredible speed and slowed down at the last second to make a triangle formation with the first object.  They would move in all directions, up and down, left and right for several minutes rather slowly.  One of the objects would stray away slightly to break the perfect triangle formation but then quickly return. When we continued to watch and look closely we could make out it was orange red lights swirling around a yellow center object.  They seemed to reflect the light of the moon or glow at different times (one object at a time) and would out glow the other two for a second.  They looked like an atom with electrons around them. They moved all the way from east to north, then back to our east.  The speed would go from perfectly stationary to zipping across the entire skyline in seconds, faster than a shooting star or meteor.  Eventually they moved out of sight to the south, as they lowered down below the horizon which was a treeline miles away. I have always watched the sky, but have never witnessed anything like that before.;43.2402342342342;-87.9921747747749
