2 purpish balls of light,ping ponging in the darkness,one shot a beam of white light in my eye,i was in my room;2008-08-26 01:00:00;5 mins;2 purpish balls of light,ping ponging in the darkness,one shot a beam of white light in my eye,i was in my room   my name is .how big are ufos?lsat night i woke-up and beheld 2 purpish/white balls of light,the size of ping pong balls slowly moving up and down in the darkness of my room.after staring at them for about 5 mins. one shot a beam of white light into my eye.i hopped out of bed to grab it they immeadiatlly disappeared!ther was no source of light.the spheres werenot flash lights because they were solid self-contained balls of light.but before i woke-up i heard loud confusing sound in my head.thats what woke me up,after i woke up it was dead silent,then i noticed the 2 spheres,dancing in midair!i went into the back yard for prowlers,but no one was there.my minu blinds were down and my drapes were closed so i layed back down confused about the light souce which there was none. i fell back to sleep,woke-up at 5am my room was completey ransacked with pens,pencils,paper carkeys,remotecontrol,all scrabled around the room the bdrm door was locked,just as i had it locked.what happened i need to know, can any one ofer an explaination?yours truely,;33.8439;-118.0336
Green Object flying over LA Area;2009-08-29 05:20:00;1.5 - 2.0 sec;Green Object flying over LA Area This morning Aug 29th, 2009 at 5:20 A.M. approximately, coming back home from work in La Palma, California, I saw a flying object in front of me. The object was about 2/3rds the size of the sun, round, green, like the green traffic lights, but reflecting some kind of less brilliant, faded light, like an aurora, possibly due to clouds in the sky. I was traveling North on Valley View Blvd, and the object went from SWW to NNE and started at about an altitude of 40 degrees end ended at about 25 degrees from horizontal. It covered about 90 degree of my peripheral view and lasted about 1.5 to 2 seconds.  No noise was produced and I don’t know the distance of the object from my point of view. When I got home I commented it to my son, and he affirms that he saw the same thing, only that this object was changing colors from green to orange to yellow, something I didn’t catch. As a reference, Mars, the most brilliant star at that time was at about an altitude of 45 deg in the NEE position.  The flying object was three to four times more brilliant and bigger than Mars, but in green color. ((NUFORC Note:  Mars not visible from Earth on this date, at this time.  Possibly a sighting of Sirius, if it was in the northeast sky, we suspect.  PD));33.8439;-118.0336
