Here's what I THINK I saw:  a part(the leading edge) of an airborne, dinner plate shaped object, camoflaged;2005-07-25 09:00:00;1-2 seconds;Here's what I DID see: Weather was clear, no clouds, temp maybe 78. While driving south (about 75 mph) on I-505 at about 9 a.m, a few miles northwest of Woodland CA, near Cache Creek and near large power lines I saw, through my front windshield, a partial disk quickly appear about 1 mile ahead and maybe 500 feet off to the right of the road. Altitude (guessing) about 200-500. It was as if a round dinner plate had tilted slightly, and then returned to its original position. I did not see anything before it tilted nor after it untilted. When it tilted it appeared to be off-white and I could only see the leading edge which was off-white. I never saw the entire object, just the part that tilted and became visible. The object then apparently tilted back to its original position and became not-visible. It did not seem to be moving when I saw it. I heard no sound, nor did I expect to at that distance. The object, or rather the leading part of the object (off-white), arc shaped, was visible for only about 1-2 seconds. I took it to be a small plane making a turn (lots of cropdusters in this agricultural area - however they are always painted yellow) or maybe a white heron bird which are fairly common to the area. I kept my eye on the space in the sky where it had appeared and expected to find the answer to what I saw. I saw no planes or birds at all. There very few trees in that area and none that would have blocked my vision. I have no explanation for what I saw - which is why I am reporting this here. Male, age 65, well-rested. I drive that stretch of road at least 8 times a month, every month.  Here's what I THINK I saw:  a part(the leading edge) of an airborne, dinner plate shaped object, camoflaged - at least on the bottom to appear as if it was just part of the sky (invisible). It tilted slightly for some reason and ONLY that tilted part became visible for a very short period of time - 1-2 seconds only. Then the object resumed it invisible position.;38.68214;-121.77342
