Three sets of lights, like a formation of airplanes in the distance, hovering instead of moving.;2003-08-17 01:13:00;5-7 minutes;Three sets of lights, like a formation of airplanes in the distance, hovering instead of moving. I woke up in middle of the night from some clattering noise in the house.  (Not related to the lights outside)  As I looked out the window I noticed the changing color and hovering of the first set of three lights.  The lights caught my attention as they flickered, and figured it was an airplane going from Beale to Travis.  The only difference was that the lights did not move as an airplane would.  I had time to go get my binoculars and with them made out the first of three distinguishable lights.  I then realized that there were actually three sets of three hovering lights.  I thought it must be three airplanes headed towards the south because the lights were so similar to airplane lights. With a change in color as the lights lit up from one of the three lights to another of the three lights.  It probably was just airplanes.  The only odd thing was they didn't seem to be moving.  I went outside to get a better look but was unable to focus the binoculars on them enough to see much else.;38.68214;-121.77342
Flying V formation of lights, jittering at impossibly fast speeds, flies slowly across the night sky.;2008-04-27 02:30:00;20 seconds;Flying V formation of lights, jittering at impossibly fast speeds, flies slowly across the night sky. At about 2:30 am on Sunday April 27th 2008, my brother, my wife, a friend, and myself witnessed 5 or 6 strange lights in the sky, which none of us could explain.  We were in the back yard of my home in Woodland, CA stargazing when I noticed one of the “stars” near the big dipper started to move.  At first I believed it to be a satellite and pointed it out to my brother.  Soon all of us noticed the light and its strange movement.  The single light was soon joined by 4 or five more “stars” to create a Flying V formation.  The Flying V moved slowly to the Northeast, I believe, until it was out of sight.  The most peculiar thing the lights did were, as they were flying away, the lights at the back of the formation quickly switched places and moved about at impossibly fast speeds.  It was almost like watching giant fireflies move around in outer space.  I say giant because they seemed to be among the stars, so I guess they were at least above our atmosphere.  If they were that far away these lights must have been fairly large, maybe the size of airplanes.  They made no noise whatsoever.  I know they were not airplanes, no airplanes could move like that.  It was like watching a flock of geese slowly fly across the night sky.  I do not believe anything I’ve ever seen could explain those lights.;38.68214;-121.77342
