Yolo county: 3 Orange lights with wings?;2000-12-19 23:30:00;20 minutes;Yolo county: 3 Orange lights with wings? This happened on two different occasions: The first one happened about 1 week and a half ago in the same place, at the same time. After hovering for about 12 mins. or so, the orange light suddenly dissapeared. The event on 12/19/2000 I was driving this time, and my girlfriend spotted 3 orange colored lights in the sky. We rememberd the last one we saw, so we decided to follow them. We got right under the three lights, and I looked up, and the one closest to me, had some kind of, wings that were flapping. The lights were in a line, not straight and then changed formation. The lights passed over an area we could not go, so we got out of the car and followed. One of the lights suddenly dropped and the others soon followed. We couldn't see them anymore because of the high bushes in our way. I jumped the fence to follow them and kept going, but I didn't see anything. The objects were'nt very high up and they didn't make any noise. The objects didn't have any beacon lights (flashing lights) the orange light was constant. I plan on staking out this area at this time, since this has happened twice.;38.68214;-121.77342
this is the third sighting of these golden lights we have seen. Just after midnight on New Years we stepped out side and we notice our ;2001-01-01 00:02:00;approx 8 minutes;this is the third sighting of these golden lights we have seen. Just after midnight on New Years we stepped out side and we notice our little UFO's in the Northwest sky. They we sitting still and there was no sound. They flickered on adn off a few times but were very bright when on completely. They moved a littel to the South and then hovered around a little more. They seemed to be floating in the sky not just stationary. They got closer to each other and then farther away. They began to move to the west and got smaller as they went. sthey still flickered a little until they faded out completely. We are watching for these every night now. the first time we witnessed them was the night before Halloween but that time they were right over our house adn we could see them more clearly. They were about teh sixe of my fingernail at arms length.  I did report that sighting also.;38.68214;-121.77342
Another sighting, same golden lights in the Northwest sky. As I was typing up a report for last nights sighting my husband came in teh ;2001-01-01 22:07:00;5 minutes;Another sighting, same golden lights in the Northwest sky. As I was typing up a report for last nights sighting my husband came in teh house and told me they were back. We went out side adn they were doing the same thing. hovering in the sky they brgan to move a little closer together adn then simultaneously they blinked out then back on. then they took turns dimming back adn forth then they remained on for a minute or two. They began moving to the west adn one finally went out the second was dimming in and out still and suddenly it kind of sparked or something. I noticed something very faint falling straight down underneath it. I'm not sure if it came from the amber light or if it was a falling star. It eventually faded out. Please if anyone knows what this might be let me know! I am going to try to get video of it.;38.68214;-121.77342
slow light vanishing up into nothing what seemed to be outerspace.;2004-07-14 21:30:00;3 seconds;slow light vanishing up into nothing what seemed to be outerspace. I was out sitting with my friends in the front lawn when I thought that there was an air plane light really high in the air. what caught my eye is that It seemed to bright that high to be a plane. I pointed it out to my friend then it slowly moved to the east and just vanished what looked to be up and that was about the extent of the sighting. enough to freak me out. I have never witnessed anything like it. and it still has me wondering.;38.68214;-121.77342
Bright orange lights moving slowly south to north over Woodland - not blinking on/off - not a plane- not a satellite;2006-03-06 22:35:00;5-7 mins;Bright orange lights moving slowly south to north over Woodland - not blinking on/off - not a plane- not a satellite UFO moving south to north aprox 50-60 degrees above western horizon. UFO appeared as two bright orange lights one above and one below smaller less intense orange lights. UFO appeared to move slowly crossing our field of vision in approx 5-7 minutes. Altitude 10,000-20,000 ft (?).  Lights flickered and disappeared before leaving our field of view.  Lights did not flash on and off like aircraft and were none of the standard red, green or white.  I've observed a lot of things in the night sky - planes, satellites, meteors etc.- nothing like this though.  Anybody else see this?;38.68214;-121.77342
We observed and orange light appear move north and south and then vanish.;2006-12-24 20:35:00;5 min.;We observed and orange light appear move north and south and then vanish. My family and I were returning from our family Christmas celebration when I noticed a bright orange light appear in the north and move slowly toward town (heading south). When it appeared there was an airliner that was closer to us and we could clearly see the flashing lights and strobes as it made it's approach to Sac Int. This object had no lights that flashed or strobes that identified it as a plane or helicopter. As it moved it seemed to be slowing down. My wife thought it was stopping and then moving slowly again. I pulled the car over and we got out and watched the object. It was stopped and motionless. The light began to pulse slowly. It also appeared to be swaying from side to side like a kite in a breeze. Then it began to move slowly north. We got back in the car and continued driving north, watching the light from the car. I pulled up to a stop light and the light was moving slower and then stoped again, then began moving back to the south for about 5 seconds then started moving north again. I turned right (east) to get to my house so I lost sight of the object for about 30 seconds. I pulled up in front of my house and got out in a hurry and the light was still visible to the west and it was moving north. Then it moved a little faster and disapeared in about the same way it appeared.;38.68214;-121.77342
two white lights speeding at a supersonic speed in a straight line away from each other;2008-10-04 04:30:00;1 miute;two white lights speeding at a supersonic speed in a straight line away from each other I looked up into the dark night sky at about 4 to 4:30 am and seen two lights up in space traveling faster than anything I/ve ever seen travel before ..in a straight line away from eachother. They kept going and going straight,  They were NOT a falling star because it did no arc in a curve or fade / burn out. it kept going until I couldn't see them any more.  They were not ordinary space craft it was a UFO!;38.68214;-121.77342
Strange Pulsating Red Light Vanishes Without A Trace,;2008-10-16 00:55:00;2.5 min;Strange Pulsating Red Light Vanishes Without A Trace, As a U.F.O. enthusiast, I almost never expect to see anything out of the ordinary, flying in the night skies, especially where I'm from. I work a part-time job, in a small city. It's sort of a one in a million chance that anybody will ever see something that they might think was a U.F.O. in their lifetime. I have been extremely lucky enough to have had more than two strange sightings of lights in the sky in my lifetime, so far, and had never given thought to reporting any of them, until now. Tonight, my girlfriend and I were leaving a friend's house, and we both happened to catch a glimpse of something just above the roof tops across the street. In the distance, if not just within the city limits, just outside the border, there was a glowing red light flying not too high in the sky. It was pulsating at a slow, random pace. The red light would slowly fade from bright red, to orange, to yellow, and white, then then start all over again. We do have a local airport a few miles outside of town, so usually I dismiss lights in the sky right away, thinking they belong to a small plane on it's way to the little airport. But we waited to see if the object would reveal any blinking lights that would give away the fact that it was only a small airplane, which it did not. Instead, after about two and a half minutes of observing the pulsating object in the sky, it disappeared just before it would have vanished behind some massive trees in our sight. It went from red, to orange, to yellow, and then it was gone, as if the light itself just turned off. We waited a minute longer to see if it would pop up again on the other side of the trees, but it never did. After that, my girlfriend and I got in my car and drove out to the edge of town, which wasn't that far, to see if we could spot it leaving, but there was nothing. Not even airplanes from the local airport, or commercial airliners. It was just stars in the night sky. About ten minutes later, I called my friend, where we had just left, and told him about the sighting. He then walked outside, and witnessed at least three “shooting stars” toward the same area the object was headed, within a couple of minutes time. Unfortunately I had no means to record this sighting. I do have my own camcorder, but it was at home, and I had my phone on me, which has a video recording device built into it, but it wouldn't pick up anything that faint and distant at night time. Normally I would only share a story like this with friends, but this sighting was just too bizarre to keep to myself. I thought maybe if I sent this story to you tonight, someone else who could've possibly seen the object might write to you, or someone else about it. I do not expect a response from this report. Either way, I know what we saw, and it wasn't an airplane. Maybe now I will learn to always keep my camcorder on me, so that one day, I may contribute a good piece of evidence to the ever growing library of U.F.O. videos. It's just being in the right place, at the right time.;38.68214;-121.77342
bright light floating in the sky then accelerating to disapearance;2009-02-15 01:30:00;6 seconds;bright light floating in the sky then accelerating to disapearance I was walking home from my girlfriends house and looking up at the sky and saw a dot of light floating perfectly still in the sky.  It was much larger than a star and not like a lite on a plane.  It was the brightest thing in the sky even compared to the moon.  The dot of light floated there for about 3 seconds before it started to fly away.  It accelerated extremely fast and within halfa second was going at least 5 times as fast as a plane and just kept getting faster.  The dot of light got so fast it started to blur and then just dissapeared out of the sky.  I kept looking up the rest of the way home for the fifteen minute walk but didnt see anything else like it. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.68214;-121.77342
Orange star like UAP not a star or planet.;2015-01-02 06:16:00;~3 minutes;Orange star like UAP not a star or planet. Woodland, Ca.  Friday, January 2nd, 06:16 hours.  Observed a stationary bright orange star like object in the morning sky due east at an inclination of approximately 35 degrees from the horizon.   After a couple of minutes the object faded slightly as it moved southward descending in elevation to a position just below its initial sighting and stopped.  The object then flared up and slowly faded till unseen.  Witnessed by myself and four others.;38.68214;-121.77342
