Strange lights, and footprints;2003-03-10 23:00:00;2 hours;Strange lights, and footprints Around the first or second week of March I walked out onto my back porch to see the stars. I noticed bright lights in the sky North of my house. Our house is on one of the highest hills in the area and we are at least 20 miles from the nearest city, and have no close nieghbors. To our North is nothing but low lakes and swamp lands that is almost totaly deserted because of rouch geography. In the middle of that rough impassable land is also 16000 acres of wild public lands that are seldom used except for a few duck hunters and some fisherman, but never that late at night, and never in the sky. The object was a group of about 6 lights in a perfect line that appeared to be at least 200 yards long. While watching these lights just sitting in the sky another light came straight down from what appeared to be outer space, and disapeared into the other lights. At this time I called for my family to come out and see. My smaller kids after seeing the lights ran back into the house and hid under the bed, they had just watched Signs. After about 30 minutes the object began to move very slowly to the North, and looked like it was settling over the Lake as it was looking for somthing. We then climbed to the top of our house as the object was sinking lower in the sky and getting harder to see due to the trees. We started filming the object then and and have some footage of it. This was not the first time we have seen somthing odd in the sky here. About a month after moving to this house I walked outside about 2AM in the morning. When I walked out I saw an object at tree top level with red lights around it, and a red strobe light shooting into the trees below. This object was moving about 20 mph over the trees and disapeared over the hill to out east. 2 Nights latter at 3am we saw what looked like a rip in the sky to our south. This by far was the strangest thing I have seen. The rip looked as though it was an opening to another place. Out of this opening flew what looked like hundreds of small objects ! like streemers. We ran in the house for a camera but by the time we came back out it was gone. Another time around December of 2002 my parents who live 25 miles to our north called and told us to run outside. They said they saw a series of lights flying in circular paterns and moving south toward our location. We did not see them at that time but about 30 minutes latter they appeared in the sky to our north. These were round cylinder shaped objects flying in round circular formations around the sky. I have a police and fire department scanner at my house. While watching these lights I heard the dispatcher ask where one of the Sheriff deputys location was, he replied just sitting here watching the UFO's, so many in our area had to see these things. We have also found strange human looking footprints in the mud at the lake to our north. They appeared to be human except for the fact that these prints come out of and lead into thick brush with lots of throrns and stickers. These prints are also way out in the woods, miles from a pathed road or houses. My feet would be nothing but bloody nubs if I did what this person is doing, even the Native Americans wore mocosins on their feet in this area. No one in the are can explane these prints that are found by arrowhead hunter after a rain. They also appear in the same area the lights are seen. I wonder if they are related. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.1035;-93.9516
