I John Presho was traveling west on the Fort Road (2-lane rural highway between Toppenish, Wa. and Fort Simcoe, Wa.), my two Grandchild;2005-07-14 18:22:00;3- minutes;I John Presho was traveling west on the Fort Road (2-lane rural highway between Toppenish, Wa. and Fort Simcoe, Wa.), my two Grandchildren were riding along with me Dusty 11-years in the front passenger seat, and David 9-years in the back seat. I pulled off the Fort Road (near Robbins Rd.), to show my grandchildren Mt. Adams (Washington State), it was a relatively clear day 95 degrees with only one big white cloud just to the south of Mt. Adams. As we were watching Mt. Adams, there was an in and out reflection of three metallic units. You could look right into the clouds most of the time, and not see these objects, until they moved (or tilted back toward the sun) then they were visiable again. These units were a silver metallic color. There shape was like a giant satelite dish as big as a house with both sides of the dish rectangle (both sides of unit were squared off) the round parts were the top and bottom of the units and slightly bent back. The two outside units were the same height, and the one in the middle was downward about one third in elevation from the other two as it sat in between the other two. It was 6:22 PM and we were looking into the sun as the units were appearing in and out of the clouds. It had the appearence to me as if they were using the clouds as cover to hide? David and I (John) seen these three units as seperate units hovering in the clouds, however, Dusty, my 11-year old Grandaughter seen them as beening connected. These units were about 100 feet apart from each other, and about 3 to 5 miles in elevation above the earth. I also want to mention that there was not any lights,or beams,or fire coming from these units. We were camping on the Yakima Indian Reservation, at an RV Park, with Mt. Adams, and the Cascade Mtn. range about 40 miles to are west, Yakima, Wa. 20 miles to are north, Tri Cities, Wa. 55 miles to are south, and over the ridge behind us to our east about 25 miles is the Hanford Necuelar Site, so if your fimilar with the area you have the lay of the land.I'm reporting this 3 day's aftering seeing units. I was on vacation away from everything! Seen units early Thursday PM reported units Sunday PM. John;46.3773;-120.3327
