Since the first sighting of this craft, my son has seen it on a number of other occasions. Each time it was traveling in the same gener;1999-12-22 19:14:00;15 Seconds;Since the first sighting of this craft, my son has seen it on a number of other occasions. Each time it was traveling in the same general direction, but at a somewhat higher altitude than the first time. It seems to have passed over the house just slightly earlier on each event, shortly after sundown just nearing the end of twilight. For your information we live in the flight path of commercial jets traveling to and from Chicago and Las Vegas, I believe, at an altitude of about 30,000 feet. Additionally, with some changes in flight approaches to Teterboro Airport in Teterboro, New Jersey we have an occasional inbound Gulf Stream or Citation at about 1500 feet one of which recently crashed in Pike County. I thought that you might find this as interesting as I did. At 8:00 P.M. on 12-22-99 I received a phone call from my son ((name deleted)) to tell me that at about 7:45 P.M. or U.T.C. 00:45 he sighted a Black Triangle shaped craft fly over our house in rural Northeastern Pennsylvania. Lackawaxen Pennsylvania (Pike County) is about 75 to 80 miles Northwest of New York City. Philip is always outside star gazing, bat watching in summer or just hoping to see a U.F.O. He was outside on the deck looking at the best full moon in 133 years. Because of the brightness of the moon he got a pretty good look at the craft. He says it had a wing span of about 80 to 100 feet wide. It was not smooth on the bottom but somewhat bumpy or rough I guess. He says that he only heard it about 3 seconds before he saw it. It came out of the Southwest and headed Northeast. ((name deleted)) estimated the altitude at around 400 feet. The sound it made was not a propeller or jet aviation engine, but rather what he described as a vibration such as you might experience in an earthquake. It seems to have not been going particularly fast.((name deleted)) describes it as having a whitish glow in front and several red navigation lights on top. He feels that it was not wide enough to have a pilot on board and could see no cockpit type configuration which lead him to conclude that it was some sort of drone craft which he had read about somewhere. One point which I was fascinated by is that he says the wide part of the triangle was the front and the narrow point of it was the tail section unlike a stealth fighter. As stated above, since the first sighting of this craft, my son has seen it on a number of other occasions. Each time it was traveling in the same general direction but at a somewhat higher altitude than the first time. It seems to have passed over the house just slightly earlier on each event, shortly after sundown just nearing the end of twilight.I might clarify something contained above. The whitish glow in front of the craft upon more extensive discussions with my son seems to have been exceptionally bright aircraft type aviation landing lights. The red light on the corners of the craft at one time appeared to be more of an orange color (different craft?) or multi stage lighting? I hope that you find this information useful! A few additional Comments in the words of my son: I have seen it a total of six times since the first sighting. In the first sighting it went about 150 to 200 M.P.H. and has increased to an estimated 500 M.P.H. as of the last sighting on Thursday 2-3-00. I am not certain that it is the same craft each time since the size and light colors have changed from sighting to sighting. Each time the craft is a black triangle. I think that this area is being used as a test area for military aircraft. The path it follows is almost always the same directly over the house or just a little North of the house but not very far away. It is something that you cannot hear as it comes up to you, it sort of sneaks up on you then when it goes over above you it makes a very loud noise like a diesel power generator on a train. Then after it passes over you it gets quiet again very fast.;41.4808;-74.9833
