Green, glowing ball not quite the size of a full moon, silent, fast, sighting lasted a couple of seconds.  The object passed directly o;1999-08-16 21:30:00;seconds;Green, glowing ball not quite the size of a full moon, silent, fast, sighting lasted a couple of seconds.  The object passed directly over my head. This ball was green, almost flourescent, and was white to silver in the center. It was silent.  Not a sound. The thing that surprised me is that it flew across air traffic. I thought it was going to hit something. I work second shift as a help desk analyst in Langhorne, PA, which is between three airports, Philadelphia, North Philadelphia and Mercer Airport in Trenton. Air traffic was a little heavier than usual that night because the weather was clear. There were a lot of light planes in the air. I was on break and standing outside the building with another analyst. I said, Whoa, did you see that?  She didn't see it.  She was looking at the ground, and by time I finished my question, and she looked up, it was gone. This object seemed to come from the northeast (from the Trenton area) toward Philadelphia, south-southeast. It was somewhere between 9-10 PM. I don't remember looking at my watch but it was dark out. Two weeks later, while listening to the Art Bell show, a man called in who happened to mention that he observed the same object, at the same time, on the same date, in Philadelphia. By the way, none of the criteria below apply to what I saw, unless you consider the glow to be an aura or haze. I have reported this to Linda Moulton Howe.  I would like to know if anyone else saw this object.;40.183;-74.9110000000001
A boomerang object with a baby blue aura surrounding it hovering above Oxford Valley Mall in Langhorne Pa.;2008-08-27 20:45:00;6sec;A boomerang object with a baby blue aura surrounding it hovering above Oxford Valley Mall in Langhorne Pa. I was standing on a front porch at a friend’s house making a phone call on Harrow Rd a street in Highland Park section of Levittown Pa when I witnessed a boomerang in the night sky with a neon baby blue aura surrounding it.  It was traveling above the Oxford Valley mall located in Langhorne pa about a mile and a half away from where I was standing.  As I stood there with my phone in my hand I witnessed the object hover slowly above the area after about 4 seconds of seeing it hover slowly to the west it changed course in its direction and gained speed, the last two seconds of witnessing it I noticed it traveled diagonally into the sky as apposed to it traveling on horizontally across the horizon.  The object appeared to be slightly bigger that a full moon and the last two seconds of witnessing it traveled 3 times faster than an airline jet.;40.183;-74.9110000000001
Weird black object spotted in the sky.;2014-09-04 19:30:00;10 minutes;Weird black object spotted in the sky. Ok, so I was at band camp when at 7:30 multiple black 4 star pointed floating objects began to fly over the football feild.  It looked like it had a small opening in the middle if the UFOs maybe for a camera.  I don't know.  Anyway there were 50+ of them.   They moved across the football field in about 2 and a half minutes.  They were floating at about 400 feet maybe 500.  Some were dipping down and horizontal but still managed to stay at the same altitude.others were flat.  They were about the size of a hubcap and pure black they looked like a 4 leaf clover but the leaves were touching.  They looked to be no more than a few inches thick in width.  I have no idea what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Source does not indicate a date of the sighting, and provides no contact information.  Therefore, we are uncertain of the date of the alleged sighting, and have assigned a date above, which is our best guess.  We are uncertain as to whether this is a serious report.  It may be a hoax.  PD));40.183;-74.9110000000001
