seen craft in plain day, less than 150 ft. away larger than a football feild,  no lights , clear , fast, silent.;1991-04-15 18:15:00;1min;seen craft in plain day , less than 150 ft. away larger than a football feild,  no lights , clear , fast, silent. Large oval shape seen over my friends house. I'm a church going person and I'm not sure what to think of what I seen. A friend, my brother, and my self were playing in the yard about 120 yards away. I was on a down hill slope and looked up at the friend who was also on a large wood pile. I seen directly over his head in the distance a large Disk. It was four times bigger than the house( which would make it wide as a football feild and tall as a three story building. The best was I can describe it is - someone drew it in the sky with a pencil and then erased it. I could see it but at the same time I couldnt. Basicly transparent, the only way I seen it is because I was looking right at it when I was looking at my friend.  Me and my brother seen it at the same time and yelled to the friend.  He turned around and fell down from the quick shock. Being far away the first thang we could think to do was run to it so we could make out what it was. In our we asumed that it wasnt aware of us but as we ran close it droped down and dashed out of sight. No flames , no sound , and it was gone in less than a sec.  No human could live through those g-forces and what ship do we have that fast with no sound. Every one we told did'nt understand. I was about 12 and know im 24. I have found jesus and here latly I have been talking to people about what I seen and I have a lot of questions for the lord when I reach hevan. As for now I pray what I saw is answered in time. I'm honest 100% positive that we all seen it fast and looked like I was standing in front of a large football staduim , but it was nearly transparent... ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));34.2075326732674;-82.159886138614
