Orange-ish colored light balls appear (probably flares);2003-12-12 22:00:00;5 minutes;Orange-ish colored light balls appear (probably flares) My daughter and I were sitting out in our minivan waiting for it to warm up, the night air was very cold and it was very clear outside.  We were looking north-east and we saw a total of three (seperate times) orange-ish colored light balls appear in the sky and then fade out. They appeared to be approx. the size of a pea compared to the tip of my pinky finger at arms length. This would last only about a minute or two.  There were a lot of small blinking lights near and around these objects we saw (more than likely the blinking lights were military beause we see them all the time). We heard no noises nearby but these were way off in the distance.  These orange-ish balls could have been flares that the military use for practice, but I just thought we would report this incident anyway. (My daughter was the witness to the Hillsboro ufo incident on Aug 22nd. report);39.1669;-83.6016
Three bright lights seen in sky;2004-09-01 02:00:00;20 minutes;Three bright lights seen in sky Here is what we observed...  I was traveling on US 50 going into Hillsboro at about 2:00 am and noticed a bright orange-ish light to the left of me (towards Wilmington).  In my van, I also had with me my two daughters ages 12 and 14 and my niece, age 13.  We saw numerous airplanes, which were flying to and from Airborne in Wilmington (I know this because I used to work there), but we saw these three brighter lights that stood out.  Two quickly faded out, but there was one left that was the brightest.  I stopped my van on the road to observe this light.  It never moved but it twinkled at times, but remained bright.  It was a pretty clear evening out, mabey a few thin clouds.  After observing it while parked, it then faded out and was gone.  We waited for about 10 minutes to see if it would reappear but it did not.   This light did not look like any other star.  This light looked too bright to be a planet.  It was approx. the size of a peanut at arms length. I am guessing it could have been flares, but who knows so we thought we should report it.;39.1669;-83.6016
Two Vertical Strips of Lights.;2014-02-26 19:45:00;3 minutes;Two Vertical Strips of Lights At 7:45pm on Wednesday, February 26, 2014. I was driving home with my three year old son and eight year old daughter.  On the right side of the sky, I seen a vertical curved strip of 5 orange lights distantly in the sky.  They stayed on for about 2 seconds.   Then on the other side of the sky I seen another vertical strip of 5 orange lights curved towards where the other lights were, light up.  Both sets of lights were the exact same distance away, they did not flicker or change their position.  They were a mirror image of each other.  My eight year old daughter asked me what they were.  I had no idea what to tell her.  The second set then went out and the first set came back on, then that one went out and the second one came back on for about 2 seconds, then went back out again.  Each time they lit up they never stayed lit for more than 10 seconds each time.  I pulled over turned on my flashers and watched and waited. There was no sound associated with these lights, a! nd the road was unnaturally empty of traffic and people, even considering the time of day.  Nothing happened, so I pulled back out behind the first vehicle I'd seen sense I pulled onto the road, a truck, and continued to drive.  Less than an eighth of a mile down the road the first set came back on again, same location, same distance for about five seconds.   The truck in front of me slowed to almost a stop and I knew that they had seen it too.  The truck then turned on its flashers drove slightly down the road some more at a slow pace, then pulled into a small closed restaurant and just sat there.  I drove by the truck slowly and the man had his head sticking out of his window watching the sky.  That was the last time the lights lit up and I continued to drive home stunned by what I had seen.  I have never seen anything I could remotely come close to calling a UFO, but I have no explanation for what I seen that night.   My three year old still talks about the lights in the sky and my eight year old fully believes that she saw angels that night.;39.1669;-83.6016
