Three blinking lights, high in the night sky.  Conducting what seemed like games of tag.  Incredible speeds and incredible turns.;2009-08-24 23:30:00;2 minutes or so;Three blinking lights, high in the night sky.  Conducting what seemed like games of tag.  Incredible speeds and incredible turns. I was out in my front yard, talking on the phone with my best friend.  It was approximately 11:30 pm and the night sky was absolutely clear and you could see hundreds of stars.  I noticed what I thought was a shooting star but it blinked, so then I thought it was some kind of aircraft.  I realized in just a second or two that there were three objects alike, in the same general area of the night sky.  All three were darting here and there, many times turning on a dime.  More than once, making a 90 degree turn.  As they danced around a large portion of the sky, they would blink realy quick, sometimes.  But not constant.  They seemed to almost be playing tag.  Their speed was phenomenal, and much faster than anything I am familiar with.  Plus, they could change direction in a blink, and we have nothing that can do that, at that speed, to my knowledge.  I was describing all I was seeing to my buddy Gary, and we were both trying to come up with an answer th! at made sense for what I was seeing.  I sometimes did not talk when he was asking me questions because I was entralled with what I was seeing. About two or three minutes (maybe less) into watching this, they zipped away in different directions.  I kept talking with my buddy and kept watching the sky.  About four or five minutes later, I observed one of those same objects, heading north at an incredible speed.  Behind it but far back was an obvious airplane, probably a military jet because of its speed, going in the same direction.  I had the impression that it was trying to catch or keep track of the object in front of it.  The airplane was going really really fast, but was dusted by the object in front of it, which seemed to be traveling at approximately 1 1/2 to 2 times the speed of the airplane.  They both disappeared to the north.  When I was observing these three objects in the beginning, they often would blink really quickly, a white light with no discernable colors, but would not constantly blink.  The blinking was very fast.  Faster than helocopters of airplane lights blink.  But sometimes they would not blink for a second or two.  When they were not blinking, I could still make out an object in the direction of travel at any given moment, which appeared to be a dull grey or silver in color, streaking.  These objects were very high in the sky.  What I would describe as outer space.  I can not explain how I could see them when they were not blinking, as there seemed to be no light other than that which blinked.  Maybe it was a reflection from the moonlight.  I don't know.  I have never before observed something I could not explain, prior to this.  I served 8 years in the U.S. Marine Corps and 4 months in the Navy.  I am 56 years old and a retired Cleveland police officer.  I retired as a Lieutenant, and I was recognized by the U.S. Congress (108th Congress) for my service and career.  My buddy who was on the phone with me at the time, is currently a working police officer in Cleveland.  I have spend 24 hours or so, replaying in my mind and recollection, all of what I observed last night, and can not come up with a logical explanation.  I have told no one except my wife, who is visiting our son in Texas, and my buddy Gary.  I will add that in my area, we get a lot of military aircraft that conduct manuevers above our home.  There are usually two but sometimes three, always in the daylight hours, apparently practicing.  On one occasion, my wife and I actually observed one of the planes shoot an object, but we do not know what it was or where it went.  This shot object disappeared into some clouds.  Every once in awhile these military aircraft break the sound barrier and rattle our home.  We just assume these military jets are from Wright Patterson AFB, which is not to far from us.  Oh, one more thing.  When I was observing the three unknown blinking objects, there was absolutely no sound.  When I observed the one streaking north, it was also silent but I could hear the loud coming airplane that was way behind it, going in the same direction.  My feeling is that the airplane was a lot lower in the sky, than the object it was following behind.  I don't have anything else to add.  Please let me know if you get any other reports frm my area, during that same time period.  I am just amazed and confused.  I need glasses to read but my long range vision is very good.  I can not come up with a logical explanation for what I observed.;39.1669;-83.6016
