Discolored grass after thought to be Alien encounter.  ((NUFORC Note:  We cannot certify that this is a serious report.  PD));2010-06-04 02:00:00;10 MIN;Discolored grass after thought to be Alien encounter. To whom it may concern, On the night of June 4th , I think, for an unknown reason I looked up and said Good-Lord I’d like to offer a Male Alien a glass of water if there are any.  I then filled a glass of water and left it on a counter, then went to bed around 10pm.   Around 2:00 am I awoke with a tingling sensation all over my body,  Standing just outside my bedroom doorway, there were two figures standing in my hallway.  I went to get out of bed and couldn’t, I seemed to be paralyzed with my head turned toward them, I went to point to the sky, couldn’t, tried to roll out of bed and couldn’t.  During all of this there was a brighter than usual light coming in through a far bedroom window, behind them but towards me, with a blue-ish tint to it.  The two figures I saw were gray in color with dark, large eyes, nostrils but no visible nose, and a small mouth, but there was no sound of any kind, except the frogs and ducks outside.  My bedroom is on the second floor, on the back of my townhome, the light was coming from the front.  I fell back to sleep, until about 10am the next morning, bad dream right.  Went to turn on my cable tv in my bedroom and the cable was out, tried down stairs, it was out too.  I then called my cable company, they ran a circuit test and said everything was fine on their end, so they came to look at my boxes. The cable tech said he had to reprogram the EPROM chips in my boxes with another computer and did, worked fine after that. We talked, there was no lightning or storms the night before that we knew of and I informed all my equipment is on surge protector anyway shouldn’t have blown or wiped like that.  Then I went out to my front yard and there was and still is, a tear- dropped shape of discolored, almost burnt grass in my front yard about 30ft wide and 30 ft long that wasn’t there before, pointed from where the light was coming from. If you have any other explanation, could you advise me please? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We cannot certify that this is a serious report.  Photos available.  PD));38.7742;-76.0759
