Black Triangle UFO 4 Lights... 1 Red(Blinking).. 911 Called;2011-03-30 01:45:00;10-15 minutes;Black Triangle UFO 4 Lights... 1 Red(Blinking).. 911 Called I stepped outside at about 1:40 am Est. March 30th 2011.  I go to my car and get my cigarettes.  I light one of them and get up out of my car and turn around.  And there is a Black pyramid/triangle shape floating above the back end of my neighborhood over the Fire Department and in front of a Water Tower...   The best way to describe it would have to be like a perfect symmetrical pyramid and/or triangle.  Like if you cut off the top of the Great Pyramid of Giza... It was all black.  It made absolutely no noise.  It floated parallel with a major road in my town over the back end of neighborhood.  It was incredible…  There were 4 lights... there were 3 that were you know the normal white light on the 3 corners, 1 in each corner.  And in the center there was a red light..... Now the only difference is the first time I saw this same similar object with my friend the red light wasn't blinking.  On, March, 30th 2011 the RED light was BLINKING...  Not sure if it means anything. (I saw a similar object on a separate occasion with a friend, a few years ago probably 2 but in the same county) I called 911.  I have no idea if they took me serious or actually followed it up.  But, I was in shock just for the fact it was so close to my home. Another example is if you look at the back of a One Dollar bill.  The eye in the pyramid-that is the closest thing I can think of, but the lights were on the bottom of it... but at the same time it was such a Dark Black that you could see the outline of it perfectly... and in my situation I had a humungous water tower as a backdrop and this thing just floated in front of it.. I stand by what I saw. And I also stand by the resume that my short life span holds... 4 years military (Active)... 1 year Iraq, 1 year Korea...  I’m now a Disabled Veteran.  Like I said I've seen many things from airplanes to helicopters to balloons and missiles.... and for the sake of the term UFO this was an Unidentified Flying Object... Whether or not it is Alien or Extra Terrestrial I don’t know.  I know what I saw and I know it was a Black pyramid/triangle floating very slowly over my neighborhood heading towards Route 50 in the state of Maryland.  I will tell anyone what I saw. I would have to estimate the size as pretty decent considering it bloated out a good portion of the water tower when it floated by. I would have to say the incident lasted for approximately 10-15 minutes. This sighting occurred in Easton, Maryland.  On March 30th, 2011 around 1:50 am Est. Like I said I called 911.  I connected to Talbot County dispatch. Thank You;38.7742;-76.0759
