Caught a possible Alien Abduction and/or Cattle Mutiliation in progress,;2003-03-12 05:30:00;20 minutes;Caught a possible Alien Abduction and/or Cattle Mutiliation in progress, Well, it was about 5-6am and my friends and I were driving in our friend's van down Chapel Rd., right off of Black Dog Alley for some mischief.  (Just lighting a fountain-firework in the middle of the road then running)  We came out of some trees and I happened to notice a formation of lights hovering in a field not 200 yards away by a farmhouse, looking like:  * . . . . .  If the posting screws it up, I'll describe.  It was a row of three white/gold lights, two below it, then one below the two sorta like a triangle.  The * is a blinking white light on top. It was much larger than the house it was hovering by, probably about 100+ feet tall.  I stared at it for a few moments and asked:  What the hell is that? A friend, who lives in the area, replied That's a farm tower or somethin'. Another friend, who ALSO lives in the area, replied:  Dude, no, what the hell IS that!?  We continued on, going again into some trees and then coming out with a tall-grassy field with trees along the outer edge.  It was then we decided to do our firework.  I glanced over and saw a small white light slowly moving behind-through the trees, hovering back and forth.  We lit it off and got the heck out of dodge, passing by the field where the object was originally sighted.  Nothing.  Darkness.  Coming out of the forest I glanced back and saw that white light above the trees, moving quickly to the right and holding it's position there, rising as we moved further away.  The weekend after that my No, dude, what the hell IS that friend held a party, so another friend who was with us and I went down that road at dusk to see if anything truly WAS there.  Nothing.  Just the house.  The only tower in the area was a cellular monopole much further away. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Rastor diagrams do not survive transfer from our e-mail program, to the database program, to posting to our website.  PD));38.7742;-76.0759
