Witnessed a Dark Circle moving North to South - with what may have been a Light shining Upwards.;1994-08-04 22:00:00;5 seconds;Witnessed a Dark Circle moving North to South - with what may have been a Light shining Upwards. Me and my two children were lying on our trampoline at about 22:00 hours on a beautiful beautiful summer night.  We were watching a metorite shower since this is one of the best times to view one all year long, (being usually the first week in August of every year).  Anyway, we live near the U.S. Army's traing base of Ft. Rucker and that night and many other nights had witnessed numerous rotary wing and fixed winged crafts.  We had seen what we though that night to even be a satellite or two ,--  but anyway back to the story we knew what we were looking at and the Northeast corner of the sky is where our attention was that particular night. My Son , 12 years old at the time was the first to see it, he said look at that - pointed to almost the same place of the meteor shower, and what we saw was a perfectly round dark/black object with maybe some sort of illumnination shing up above the craft.  It was moving basically North to South and we witnessed it for maybe five seconds.  The size of the object was approximately the size of a silver dollar or say maybe if you make the O.K. size with you your hand the circle your create is close to the size. We noticed no noise and after it left our field of view we all felt like we had witnessed something very unusual.  My 13 year old Daughter was witness to this also. What makes this very unusual, if that is the correct word, is that I was talking to a coworker - was was also out looking at the metorite showers that week and I was telling him about what we saw on Tuesday night of that week and he said his Son had said to him on Thursday Night of that week Dad you will not believe what I just saw ? It looked like a Dark Circle going East to West.  Well when my friend told me that it solidified my thougts that we had indeed seen something very unusual that could not be ex explained and would definitely fall into the catagory  of a U.F.O. . All I ask is -- I sincerely want to find out if anyone has any idea of what we witnessed .???  Please notify me ??? I have tried to contact MUFON and report this to them and all the sent me was a membership form -- get real -- no wonder people do not report these sort of things. Sincerely, ((Name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  There is an Opp in Alabama.  PD));31.2778;-86.254
a nearly stationary bright illuminating object moving to different locations and becoming stationary again;2006-12-17 19:58:00;over2 hours;a nearly stationary bright illuminating object moving to different locations and becoming stationary again;31.2778;-86.254
