Mostly stationary blinking lights(one set in a formation),  seperate witnesses. ((NUFORC Note:  Suspected twinkling stars.  PD));2003-10-16 02:00:00;two nights straight;((NUFORC Note:  Suspected twinkling stars.  PD)) Mostly stationary blinking lights(one set in a formation) seen in rural Alabama sky with two seperate witnesses. I'm 20 years old and I live in a rural area in northwest corner of Covington County Alabama. My home is about 30 minutes west of Ft Rucker which is a military installation that is the top training ground for helicopters in the US.  That information is important because I'm fairly familiar with the racing lights in the sky that often come with living near air force bases that are used heavily for combat training. It's not odd to go out into the night air and see several flashing lights floating around with the stars.  That being said I'll begin my account of the last two nights. I stayed up all last night in effort to cram for a biology midterm(I'm a big fan of science, a believe in natural causality and a doubter of the supernatural, but I'm still interested in it I assure you, but as a man of logic it makes perfect sense that there would be other intelligent life in this universe.) I walked outside 4 or 5 times last night in order to take a break and get some air, I noticed in what I think is the eastern sky near Orion, a light that was flashing red/blue at an alarming speed, it didn't seem to move. I found it curious but I turned my eyes back to the world of Biology and didn't think twice about it.  Tonite I am again up studying calculus and I just made the first of what I'm sure will be multiple trips out into the night, and what I saw moved me to the point that I decided to email you. I looked back to Orion and saw that the light was still there, but to my shock not far above it was another and a ways to the left there was another, much brighter. I then scanned the sky and counted another 9 or 10 scattered in all directions. These lights are in no way familiar to our area. They also were not moving, but all flashing in the same manor.  I called my friend ((name deleted)), who also lives in a secluded area about 10 miles south , and asked him to take a look into the stars. He saw them as well and it startled him just as it had me. He went a step farther and got out a pair of binoculars and found three rows of tiny blinking lights near the big dipper, I followed his lead and found the same thing.  I've seen some strange things in the sky, but I'm going to say that this one takes the cake.;31.2778;-86.254
