Multiple sightings in Tennessee.;2005-11-19 05:40:00;1 minute;Multiple sightings in Tennessee. First off, I am not a liar nor do I have anything to gain from this report. I know the chances of a UFO sighting is rare, and I know that multiple encounters almost never happen. But I beleive this is due to the fact that simply no one is looking up or noticing what is around them everyday. I felt compelled to seek this site out and tell my stories since my latest sighting is the third within 48 hours. But I have had several encounters with these objects over the past 10 years. I will explain below. I will start with the first of the three sightings this week:  Sighting 1 -  On 11/17/05 at approximately 18:35 while driving east on Tellico Pkwy in Lenoir City,TN I noticed two extremely bright lights hovering approximately 200-300ft. over the lake. This was a familiar site to me as I've seen it before, so I pulled into the next boatdock that happened to be within site of the object. I watched as the object slowly creep across the lake and change direction several times before flying over the hills. I also noticed that it seemed to be purposely  staying away from the houses.   Sighting 2 - At precisely 22:50 that same evening, while sitting at a traffic light near the Wal-Mart/Home Depot plaza in Lenoir City TN at , adjacent to the highway in a field I noticed the two extremely bright lights again slowly hovering approximately 200-300ft off of the ground. The traffic light turned green but since there was only one other car on the road, I decided to sit and watch this object. I rolled down the window to hear a faint shooosh sound coming from the craft. It continued to slowly make it's way torwards me but the veered off away from me right before passing over. I turned my vehicle around and decided to try follow the slow moving craft, but in an instant, the craft quicky accelerated out of sight.  Sighting 3 - Earlier this morning,at precisely 5:42, I was heading east over Ft.Loudoun Dam in Lenoir City TN, when I notice the object hovering over the lake approx 300yds off the highway. Again it was very low to the surface. I pulled off to watch for approximately 1 min before the craft did a perfect 360 and headed north.  As I said before, I've had multiple sightings of what I believe is this very same type of craft. My very first sighting was approximately 10 years ago in Loudon out in the country. I'm guessing the time was around 22:00 - 23:00 and noticed the craft slopwly moving across the top of the treeline. I immediately knew this wasn't your everyday airplane. I followed the best I could with what roads I could find to lead me in the same direction. This went on for about 10 minutes. I managed to get within a few hundred yards of the object, but eventually lost it.  My next sighting would prove to be the best to date. It about 5 years ago. I was driving west on Hwy 72 in Monroe County leaving Vonore TN. It was approx. 23:00 - 24:00 When topping a hill I noticed a tractor trailer heading my direction violently swerve over the yellow line. I slowed to see what was up when I ten saw the craft about 400 yds in front of me hovering 100ft over the highway. I assume the truck driver was seeing what I was. Though I'm not sure if he stopped as well. I watched the craft hover across the highway into the wooded area to the left of me out of sight. And then to my surprise, to my right was another craft slowly headed northeast of me. It was about the same height off of the ground. I creeped my vehicle down the highway to watch this second craft when the object stopped and changed directions. I pulled off to the side of the road and I turned off my vehicle hoping to hear a sound. I proceeded to get out. I watched the second craft for at least two minutes when all of a sudden I started to hear this shooooooshing sound coming from behind me. I looked around and saw the first craft headed directly over top of me. It was now about 200 ft over me.  These crafts appear to be approximately 30ft in dia. I can tell it's either a diamond or cross shape due to it's lighting pattern. It has two very bright lights in front with one light on each point of the craft. The rear light appears to be red or green and usually blinking. To anyone not paying special attention, the lighting configurations may look like a common domestic aircraft, but their maneuvers are quite uncommon. The only military aircraft that I know of capable of this is the Marine's Harrier or the new F/A-22. But these crafts appear to be smaller and extremely quite when compared to the two. If these are indeed military, then they have managed to keep this secret aircraft under wraps for at least a decade. If they are visitors from another world, then what better camouflage than closely mimicking our aircraft's lighting designs. Ether way , I hope to get one of these objects on film very soon. I should also mention that all of my sigthings have all been in the colder months. Not sure what significance that is,(if any) but it's defintely worth noting.  If anything, I hope this report causes more people out there to look up more often and pay closer attention. It's very easy to get into a routine and take your surroundings for granted. I would imagine there would be thousands more sightings every month if not every week if people would just look to the skies more often. ((NUFORC Note:  We have invited the witness to submit separate reports.  PD));35.7897000000001;-84.2255142857142
