A massive silent object was a small dot in a matter of seconds leaving us watching in total darkness and amazement.;1973-06-21 21:00:00;5-10 minutes;A massive silent object was a small dot in a matter of seconds leaving us watching in total darkness and amazement. Since this sighting I've not really had a venue to give my story, until I happened upon the Chicago story. So here goes.  I was a high school senior with my boyfriend and another couple driving out one summer night to my boyfriend's family farm.  As we approached a hill near the farm I noticed a very bright light ahead of us up the hill slowing moving across the road.  It was so bright and unusual that we pulled over, stopped the engine and watched.  Scary as it might seem now, we were just in awe of what it might be.   In what seemed like eternity the object made its way across the road almost directly in front of us just above the tree tops with no sound at all coming from it.  By this time the object, which my memory now thinks of as a fat (in height) oval, was not as bright.  We had also at some point gotten out of the car just staring at it, not believing what we were seeing.  And there were maybe 3 or 4 other cars that had stopped and parked as well on both sides of the road watching the same event, but I don't recall talking to any of them. I don't know how long we stood there, but the thing I remember most is that the object made absolutely no sound and just hovered there with some kind of colored and white lights revolving on the top very slowly.  I felt then and still do now that whatever it was, it knew we were there.  Then the object started very slightly backing up away from us.  Just a moment later it backed away much faster then stopped again.  Before we could blink it was gone!  A massive object was a small dot in a matter of seconds!  Gone.  What is amazing to think of today is that everyone watching that night just got back in their vehicles and left without a word! ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));35.6765889530092;-88.8264958779874
