Orange circles moving around the sky then speeding off out of sight;2007-08-12 01:00:00;30 seconds;Orange circles moving around the sky then speeding off out of sight We were outside getting some fresh air when one of my buddys says holy crap look at that we all looked to see 6 orange circles just barly moving along, they grouped close together and then just took off out of sight. I've only seen one other time like this and it was in late december in Glace Bay N.S when I was younger. Hopfully someone other then ourselfs has seen this.;46.2553;-60.079
Strange balls of light seen in sky over Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada.;2016-08-01 21:30:00;6+ minutes;Strange balls of light seen in sky over Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada. Just saw two strange things in the sky overhead, about 3 minutes apart.  What looked like a large ball of light streaked across the sky quickly, then slowed down, then turned slightly and went out over the ocean straight out from the shoreline.  The light seemed to be oscillating or pulsating. I watched till it was almost out of sight and as I turned away, what looked, at first, to be a similar craft, followed it in almost the same manner except it paused twice and the light seemed to turn in two directions as if looking for the first one, then turned again and headed in the same direction as the first one.  When the second craft turned, I could see a dark shape behind or around the light and I had the impression that it may have been a chopper from the way it moved.  That was something that popped into my head as I thought I glimpsed a non-flashing red light as it turned. There were fireworks being set off several blocks away, but far enough that I should have been able to hear something from the aircraft.  There were no flashing lights and no sound that I could hear. I thought the first one was a plane in trouble because it came from the direction of the airport, but it was just a big ball of light–it didn’t move or sound like an airplane.  It was just weird.  I see and hear planes overhead all the time, but none looked or behaved like these.;46.2553;-60.079
