Aircraft looked like a 747 three times its size.  At each wing tip were much smaller aircraft. A probe went to the ground from the bell;1999-01-26 20:15:00;15-20 minutes;Aircraft looked like a 747 three times its size.  At each wing tip were much smaller aircraft. A probe went to the ground from the belly. I left work that evening between 8:00 pm and 8:30 pm.  I walked out the main entrance that faces South and saw a low flying aircraft that looked like a 747 three times its size on a slow approach.  Concerned that a jet craft was in trouble and was attempting to land I went back into the building.  As it continued to approach I got oncerned that it was going to hit the building so I went back outside to the parking lot to get to my car.  I heard an extremely loud hum from the aircraft and relized at that time it was hovering about 300 feet in the air approxiamately 1/8 to 1/4 of a mile from my position.  The main body of the craft had approxiamately 8 to 10 portals which shinned red.  At each wings' tip, which spanned an estimated 250 yards, where red shinning lights.  From the belly of the main craft appeared a probe which dissappeared into the trees.  Eventually the wing tip lights separated from the main craft's wings and one flew East and the other flew West. A few minutes later the main craft flew South West and dissappeared over the mountains.  The entire form of the craft(s) were vague -almost opaque.  The red portal lights were prominent.  It looked like a jet liner on approach in a fog, however, the evening was clear and most important was extremely windy.  Wind gusts in the mountain that day were clocked at 155 miles per hour.  Walsenburg, CO., our neighboring town to the East, made National news with winds gusting at 90 miles per hour.  The wing ends red lights which separated from the wings had no other form other than being a red light in the night sky much like a small Cessna 180.  Who in their right mind, military or other, would have been out flying the front range that evening in a wind storm I will not forget for a long time.  Four other individuals that evening witnessed strange aircraft activity about 7:00 pm in the evening.  One individual saw a bright white light North West of my sighting.  The other three individuals saw what appeared to be a very low flying jet hugh in size, one sa! w a probe from the belly with a red light at the end, the other two saw much smaller aircraft assisting the main aircraft at wing tips much like I've describe above.  The craft(s) were flying North West of my sighting.  Your prompt response will be appreciated .((ADDENDUM FROM SECOND REPORT)) 747 type aircraft three times the size of a 747 with 8-10 portal windows which shinned red and a wing span that could fill 3/4s of a football field I continually get disconnected from the internet when I'm in this part of the form attempting to enter a full description of what I saw.  I'm timing out and can't seem to recover.  I will mail you a full description along with area maps as well as a drawing of the craft.  I will include the names and phone numbers of individuals to contact who had a similar siting that same evening as well as another very strange siting which occured Friday, January 29, 1999, which may be related.  If you have any questions please email me at ssc@rmi.net. Sincerely, Sharon M. Corsaut;37.5126;-105.0569
