Rotating orange lights form triangle that slowly floated over fields by river then disappeared;2014-07-05 22:00:00;5 minutes?;Rotating orange lights form triangle that slowly floated over fields by river then disappeared My girlfriend and I saw a triangle made of three orange lights floating slowly low over fields near CT River upon returning home to Northampton from fireworks in Hadley (town fireworks in Amherst also that night.)  We pulled over to watch them along with other cars, at least one other.  The lights floated silently past on driver's side, starting roatating slowly counter-clockwise (top triangle moving to bottom left, etc) then lights went out one by one until they were gone.  No alcohol nor other substances were consumed at fireworks.;42.3599;-72.566
3 separate bright white lights suddenly appeared in a triangle in upper atmosphere, and then simultaneously shut off 45 seconds.;2018-07-24 22:15:00;1 minute;3 separate bright white lights suddenly appeared in a triangle in upper atmosphere, and then simultaneously shut off 45 seconds. I was lying back on a lounge chair in my backyard around 10:15 pm, facing south.  There was a 3/4 moon shining brightly about 35 degrees elevation, with 2 bright planets low on the horizon in the east and south (directions are approximate).   Suddenly, 3 bright lights materialized as if a light switch was turned on which were in a completely symmetrical triangle.  Stars were visible within the triangle, and it was impossible to determine how high up these lights were, or how far apart they were from each other, but they seemed to be very high up.  These lights were as bright as the planets and the moon and they did not move but simply turned off all at once.  There were no sounds, the night was quiet.  This phenomenon lasted only about 45 seconds, as if the light switch was suddenly turned off.  I watched for about another half an hour with no recurrence.   I am a ((age deleted--50-60ish)) year old male, clinical ((medical specialty deleted)), and enjoy looking at the night sky and I have never seen anything like! this before.  My home is located close to the Westover AFB and I have seen all sorts of military aircraft, but nothing like this.  I’m not sure if this was a craft or 3 separate crafts (lights) acting in unison.  The lights suddenly came on and then went off and were very evident in this sky with considerable light pollution.;42.3599;-72.566
