Reddish-Orange Light seen in sky and circular craft seen taking off into the sky.;2010-09-01 21:20:00;About 3 minutes;Reddish-Orange Light seen in sky and circular craft seen taking off into the sky. I am a 26 year old female who works as a security guard, I am working on my Criminal Justice degree and I have always lived in the house that I am living in now.  I am quite familiar with the aircraft that fly overhead and have watched the military do their manuveurs quite often.  I find it enjoyable.  I have never seen anything like what I saw and quite frankly, have never believed in aliens or UFO's.  Now I'm not so sure. I was on my way home from a class I attended in Salt Lake City. It was around 9:20 in the evening. (Approx.) I turned off 6200 S. and onto 4800 W going south and as I passed the gas station I noticed a reddish-orange light hovering above our park. (This park is a depressed park. That's where all the water goes after it rains. At this time there was a little bit of water, but not much.) I thought it was a helicopter as we do have a small airport by our nieghborhood, but I thought it was strange for it to be just hovering there. I drove a little further towards it and decided to stop and see what it really was. I pulled over, turned off my music, and rolled down my window. There was no noise coming from it and I could see that it was only maybe 20 yards above the park. A VW beetle with two teenage girls pulled into the center lane and watched the light for a few seconds, then they drove off. I was about to drive off when it started to move upwards, going east/slightly north. I was intending to watch it go back towards the airport, but then it picked up speed and a reddish/orange light (like the one I originally saw) illuminated the object and I could see it was round, not a helicopter or any planes they fly at the airport. It lit up for maybe a second or two, then took off towards the stars. I watc! hed it till it disappeared, which only took a matter of seconds. I sat in my car for a couple more minutes, trying to figure out what I just saw. I drove home and I was very scared afterwards. I was very intrigued when I was watching it because at that point (before it was lit up) I thought for sure it was a helicopter. After it lit up and took off, I knew it wasn't a helicopter. When I finally got the courage to get out of my car and carry my stuff in the house, I walked in, locked the doors and windows, then proceeded to tell my parents what happened. They were interested and told me it sounded like a UFO. I didn't want to believe that what it was, but the more I think about it, the more I want to know what it was. I didn't sleep well that night at all.  If anyone can tell me what it could have been, please let me know. Before this I refused to believe in UFO's, but now I'm not so sure.   Thanks for letting me tell you my story.;40.6053799999999;-111.998132352941
Red light far in the sky fading in and out every three sec with white streams of light forming a circle around it;2012-03-04 01:00:00;three minutes;a red light far in the sky fading in and out every three sec with white streams of light forming a circle around it I seen some kind of red light with white streams of light forming a circle all the way around the red it was moving slowly and would fade for about three sec and come back bright again as it made its way across the roof of my hse from a distance.  never thought Ide see one of those;40.6053799999999;-111.998132352941
