Bright, reflective object in the sky that suddenly disappeared over Trion, Georgia.;2012-09-23 19:10:00;approximately 1 minute;Bright, reflective object in the sky that suddenly disappeared over Trion, Georgia. On September 23, I was driving on Hwy. 27 north, going through Trion, Georgia, county of Chattooga.  It was approximately 7:00 pm and while I was driving I noticed a rather large, bright object in the sky. It made me think of an extremely bright star that one would see at night, but this was just before sunset had started, it wasn't dark at all yet, and there weren't any other stars visible in the sky. The object appeared to be reflecting light, it looked similar to the effect sun light has when reflected off of a mirror and because of this I had a hard time telling the exact shape of the object. By my best assumption, the object appeared to be round, circular, or spherically shaped, much like how a star looks. The object was larger than any plane I have ever seen. What really made me think that this was something unusual, though, was that the object wasn't moving in any direction. It was perfectly still. I watched the object while driving, from the time I noticed it, for about one or two minutes. It suddenly disappeared. Instantly it was gone from the sky. Nothing blocked my view of the object from the time I noticed until it vanished. There was most definitely a bright, shiny, static object in the sky one moment and then there was nothing. Immediately after it disappeared, a jet came flying from an eastwardly direction at an alarming rate of speed and seemed to be flying a bit low. It appeared to be flying towards where the object had previously been. None of these events make sense to me. It actually gave me goose bumps when the thing just disappeared. I am most curious to see if anyone else saw this, and if someone of authority might have a logical explanation of this event. Thank you.  To whome it may concern, I am of sound mind. I am a twenty-six year old mother and wife. I am well educated and have been at my current job for six years. I have never before seen or reported anything such as this. I am an ordinary woman with an ordinary life. I only want an explanation of what I witnessed.;34.5456;-85.3158
