We had went to FT.Wayne ,IN. We left Ft. Wayne at 11:15pm to head home , we allways take ST RD Old 30 WEST out of Columbia City ,We was;1979-03-25 23:50:00;15 MIN;We had went to FT.Wayne ,IN. We left Ft. Wayne at 11:15pm to head home , we allways take ST RD Old 30 WEST out of Columbia City ,We was headed to barbee lake where we lived , just off ST RD 13. We was driveing down the road heading west went Accross ST RD 5 ,still heading west just before we got to a pond on the right side of the road, and just east of the next rd, whitch was N. 1000 E. There was a set of head lights in the distance ahead of us with what appeard to be brights on a car . that was when I turned my brights on ,well then I saw it had four sets of lights,I stopped the car as iot got closer I could see the side of the craft, the lights turned downward as it approched I then shut off the car ,no sound.at all from craft,as it stopped I could see every detail under the craft. I had on glasses that get dark in bright sun light they got dark, and I could see it all, THE craft was big , biger than 1 football field and at least 300 ft wide or more. The under side was a hazey green all the way up , there was a red round object in the middle that was going from red to dark red like a heart beat ,and the color was swirlling around in it. just above this there was lares of windows ,pipes, running to the front and to the back , and the hole lenght of the craft, there was what looked like people moveing in the windows of the craft. The rest of it was like a star wars movie, the thing had buildings all over the underside of the craft,there was on markings on underside that I could make out anywhere.My children,my wife was along they was horifided and was screaming to get out of hear. the craft started to move slow to the east side of the road ,then south , the craft had four red holes longgated at the back , and the craft was black , it was reflecting the stars on the side as well as lights from a ploe light by the pond . I was going to follow it went to get in the car , the car was on the road when I had stopped. when I went to get in the car was completly off the roadway,I could not figur! e out how the car had been moved this had only been about 15 min ,I thought, the craft was out of site in less than a split sec, we went on home ,we got home at 3:30 am . The time was 11:30 pm when we lift FT.Wayne ,it only takes 45min to an hr to get to barbee lake , we was missing at least 3 Hours . this was in feb 25 ,1979 , there was more , picture that I sketched will be sent in , I just wanted to see how many had seen this , it was really something to have seen , My wife was a home maker , I worked as a factory worker , and auto repair, I did not know if poeple would beleave me so I waited to see if anyone had the view that I did , and did not want any part of gov,cover up , or other trouble..And the rest of the family do not want to talk about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness provides a detailed image of what he allegedly observed.  PD));41.3365;-85.7115
The following is a correction and addition to a report filed 3 days ago. I discovered I had the direction of travel of the craft incorr;2010-09-04 22:00:00;2 minutes;The following is a correction and addition to a report filed 3 days ago.  I discovered I had the direction of travel of the craft incorrectly stated in the original report.  (It was going EAST, not West.)  I'm also adding the final paragraph which describes an corroboration from another location on the same night, only minutes after my sighting. On Saturday nights, I sing onboard the historic Dixie, Indiana’s, oldest paddle-wheel tour boat on Webster Lake in North Webster, Indiana.  Weather permitting, I perform on the top deck of the boat which is uncovered. We have a clear, unobstructed view up there of the night sky.   On 09-14-10  ((sic.  09-04-10)), the sky was mostly clear with a few light clouds here and there.  The sky was a sea of stars and there was no moon.  The day had been windy, but by our 9PM departure time, it was very calm on the lake. At about 10 PM, we were emerging from a bay in the southeast corner of the 600-acre lake and were traveling west at about 5 miles per hour on the last leg of our tour.  I was just finishing a song when the captain of the boat tapped me on the shoulder and pointed into the night sky directly above the boat, calling my attention to a very strange spectacle. An object was flying very slowly in a due east direction above and to the port (left) side of our paddleboat. It was so strange, I called the attention of the passengers to this object.  There were about 15 people on the upper deck, all of whom had a perfectly clear view of the object simply by looking up, and approximately 30 more on the lower, covered deck.  Most of those on the lower deck went to the port-side windows to stare up at the object. I’m not very good at estimating heights, but this object flew above the spotty clouds at what I thought was no more than a few thousand feet.  The entire object appeared about the size of a dime held at arm’s length. The leading edge of the object was a large, very bright red, glowing circular spot.  Immediately behind that was a rectangular light (about 3 times as long as the spot) which was an even brighter, orange glow which scintillated and looked very much like an open flame.  All I could see were the lights, neither of which pulsated or flickered other than the flame-like action of the orange body.   We could see no wings or visible superstructure.  The craft was shaped like a fat, red-and-orange exclamation point travelling point-first. It left no smoke or vapor trail. Some of the passengers said they thought it was a helicopter, a hang-glider, or an ultralight, so the captain stopped the boat and turned off the paddlewheel completely.  We could hear no sound of any kind from the object even though it was almost directly overhead. We had the object in sight for at least a minute, but no longer than 2 minutes.  It continued due east, never changing its direction or rate of speed until it was out of sight of us (a mile or so east of the lake.)   I finished my show, and had a talk with the captain.  He said when he first saw it from the wheelhouse, he thought it was a missile, though he could not explain the large red, leading-edge light. Neither the captain nor I reported the incident.  I don’t know if any of the passengers did. Four days later, I started to tell this story to some people at a retirement home where I was performing and immediately one of the employees came out of her office and told me that her son saw the same object fly over the airport (and air force training base) in Ft. Wayne, Indiana, about 40 miles due east.  I asked her to describe what he saw and his description was identical to mine.;41.3365;-85.7115
