There are flashing and fast moving lights in the sky.;2012-06-26 00:01:00;2+ hours;There are flashing and fast moving lights in the sky. I am on my balcony right this second.  The sky appears to have more than a hundred flashing and moving dots. If this was the US Military, why are there so many?  I am positive that stars don't flash and move very fastly.  I am very concerned. What if they are actual alien life forms? Please respond to this. I don't know what to do.  My next step is to buy a telescope and see whats real and what is not.;39.013;-76.6742
Object with Red and blue lights hovering and erratic flight movement near BWI airport.  ((anonymous report));2019-03-25 22:10:00;5-7 seconds;Object with Red and blue lights hovering and erratic flight movement near BWI airport This sighting occurred north of Crofton, Maryland, and in the vicinity of BWI airport, where I frequently see planes fly by.  I am an attorney and an extreme skeptic of things such as this, but I am unnerved.   I saw a vertical row of red lights with a blue light to the right side of the object.  I see multiple planes daily in this area so my instinct was that it was simply a plane.  The object, however, hovered.  Meaning it was stationary for a few seconds which was odd because it was very visible although distant.  As I tried to process if it was actually hovering or not, it shot straight up in the sky a great distance but still in view, leaving no streak of light.  It moved in a manner that no plane could move.   I was in shock at that point and then the object dropped down to where it was very quickly and did so on a right outward angle.  It hovered for another second and then shot off to the right, seemingly in a straight line and vanished.  Moments later, two white lights appeared which to be normal aircraft flying in the same vicinity as where I saw the object.  The object I saw was not a plane, it was not a star, it was not a meteor.  I could see clearly that it was a flying object but I could only make out the read and blue lights that made it appear horizontal.  The colors were more like police lights.  The erratic movement of the object is what leads me to question.  I have never seen anything fly like that in my life.   I am an adult female, professional mother of two.  I saw something! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.013;-76.6742
