Blimp shaped craft with lights and orange glowing bottom.;1993-06-01 06:30:00;1 minutes or less;Blimp shaped craft with lights and orange glowing bottom. It was during my freshman year in high school, during the 1992-1993 school year.  I was 15 years old.  It was around 6:30 am.  I don't remember the exact date or time.  It was day light outside.  I was walking to the bus stop an I saw a craft fly across the sky.  It was shaped like a blimp, but also had some characteristics that are not normally associated with a blimp.  It had a big, orange, oval shaped glow on the bottom of it. It also had lights all over the side of it.  The lights did not all light at the same time.  They each blinked, one at a time, randomly, really fast.  Each light only flashed for a second or two.  They were not in rows or in a pattern.  They scattered all over the side of the craft.  I could only see them when they blinked.  It was a pretty close view.  It was far up in the sky, but definetly closer than a air plane.  It DID make a sound.  I guess it was an engine or hover craft sound.  I'm not sure how to describe it.  I don't clearly remember the sound.  I wondered about it and immediatly thought UFO, but I did not know how to report such an incident at the time and felt shy about it anyways.  This was before people had internet in their homes.  It just flew by.  It was not going very fast, but it was faster than I would imagine a blimp would go. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.013;-76.6742
I heard a strange noise in kitchen.I thought that my cat knocked over the trash bin again.So I whipped my silk rob on, and walked down ;1997-10-19 02:00:00;Approx. 2 hrs.;Summary : I heard a strange noise in kitchen.I thought that my cat knocked over the trash bin again.So I whipped my silk rob on, and walked down to the kitchen.Once I got to the entance of my kitchen I saw them.They were about 5ft. high, and had a palish gray skin tone.At first, I was scared, but then I was amazed that I had Aliens in my kitchen.So, I striffled to the left to stand tall beside the fidge.(Also to get a better look.)The Aliens studied the way the silerware droor slided back and forth.Surprizingly taking much interest in the droors' operation, since their suppose to be highly advanced.All of a sudden an Alien turned and saw me and, I guess I fanited or somthing.Alls I remember is one of the Aliens large black eyes.Then I got weak in the knees and fell.A couple seconds later I woke up(later that night found out it was more than just a couple of seconds) but, I wasent face down on the floor.I was on my back, light-headed and confused.Slowly I turned my head and, sa! w three Aliens.They were facing each other almost like in a small huddle.Then a rush of terror surged through me.I would say I wet my pants but, my pants were not on.I felt a strange feeling of deja vu.Then I passed out.Right before I passed out, I saw above me a disco ball thing with an exacto knife sticking out of it.I woke up again, I was home.And thats all I remember. It's all at the top. ;39.013;-76.6742
