I lived in Crossgates on the north end of the lake  I woke up suddenly, got up out of bed and looked out the glass doors. Just above tr;1984-11-09 04:00:00;1-5 minutes;I lived in Crossgates on the north end of the lake  I woke up suddenly, got up out of bed and looked out the glass doors. Just above trees in our backyard (100 feet) there was a single object similar in shape to the famous radio tower in Seattle. The lights were located on the lower part of the craft and were arranged in a circle. They were white and oval-shaped with pointed ends and came on in a wave fashion. Just before the craft left, the lights turned red and then shut off completely. I do not remember hearing any sound. But the craft was there one minute, and then was gone the next second. The craft took off towards the south. The date is an approximation, but I remember seeing the object close to my birthday, November 9. I was 10 years old at the time. It was a very bright clear night, perhaps even a full moon. It was in the early morning hours. I lived in a subdivision (Crossgates) on the north end of the lake looking from  600 Stonegate Drive.The lake was located just behind my house. I woke up suddenly, got up out of bed and looked out the sliding glass doors that went to our deck. Just above the old pine trees in our backyard (perhaps 100 feet tall) there was a single object floating stationary in the sky. It was similar in shape to the famous radio tower in Seattle. It had three distinct layers a small flat cylinder (more like a doughnut shape) on either end, with a larger more cylindrical shape in the middle. The lights were located on the lower part of the craft. The lights were arranged in a circle on the lower part of the craft with no lights in the center. They were oval-shaped with pointed ends. I remember seeing mostly white lights that came on in a circular pattern. Like a wave in a football game the lights would come on and off. Just before the craft left, the lights turned red all at once rather than in the circular pattern described before and then turned off completely before the craft suddenly took off. I do not remember hearing any sound. But the craft was there one minute, and then was gone the next second. The craft took off towards the south.;32.3515982142858;-89.9588785714287
