I was alone, travelling north east on a local side road (Harry Howard Ave.) coming out of Hudson and on my way home from one of our bus;1975-11-20 17:00:00;30 sec?;I was alone, travelling north east on a local side road (Harry Howard Ave.) coming out of Hudson and on my way home from one of our business locations.  As I rounded a turn in the road just past the New York State Firemens Home, I could see the  intersection of Joslen Blvd  approximately a quarter mile ahead of me. On my left I was approaching the newly built Hudson High School.  I was traveling only about 25 mph. since it was a school zone. It was dark already by about 4-4:30 pm, in mid November.  There were no leaves on the large old trees which lined Joslen Blvd. at that time.  It was at this point I saw two large bright lights off to my left, in the distance, approaching from the east, above a house located on Joslen Blvd.  I took my foot off the gas and rolled down my window.  I was sure I was seeing a large plane with it’s landing lights on, about to crash. At the same time, I noticed there was no sound of jets or any engine noise at all, except my own car engine.  The lights came over top of  the house, then sharply turned south, following the road.( Joslen )  The lights flew in what seemed to be perfect unison, above the roadway, maybe 15 to 20 feet in the air, ( judging from the height of the trees along the road ).  The lights followed the road for a few seconds.  At that moment I thought it was going to crash into a small grocery store to the right of the intersection.  But when it got to the intersection , it changed direction again and shot quickly up in the air, and over the trees going east toward route 9 and out of my sight. The same lights remained visible even after changing direction and heading away from me. I could see no outline of any air craft, only the 2 lights.  Instead of going home, I turned right at the intersection and immediately drove over to the shopping center on route 9 to see where it went or if anyone there had also seen it.  I found no one else had seen it.  Driving home, I realized that the trees along the back road could never accommodate the wing span of a plane that size without some contact or damage.  These lights were the size of what you would see on a large passenger plane or jet coming in at night for a runway landing. But these lights did not seem to throw light into the distance as the landing lights do on an aircraft.  I went home and told my children and my husband what I saw.  I don’t have to describe the reaction.  And, since no one else had seen it, I have never spoken of it again. Thanks for the chance to relate my experience to someone.  Is it possible that someone else has witnessed something similar?  I have heard many different types of sightings described, but not any description similar to mine. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));42.2478000000001;-73.7539999999999
