What I saw, I have never told anybody.  I watch too much UFO stuff on tv and must tell this story.;1969-06-01 23:00:00;30 seconds ?;what i saw, i have never told anybody.  i watch too much u.f.o. stuff on t.v. and must tell this story.  I would sure like to tell this story in person to someone in the know.  I could tell what I saw in an e-mail, but it's too weird to tell in type.   Two lit objects coming together slowly, and then counter rotating around each other and separating just like they had come together.  After that they became just two more points of light in the night sky of which I eventually lost track of.   This took place one night while camping in the backyard as kids do.  It occurred somewhere in the 1969-1971 time period.  That's when I would sleep in the backyard on warm summer nights.   I hope this gets to someone who would like to talk about this.   Please e-mail me back or call me.;37.6005;-122.3993
Bright fast moving light in the western bay area sky, near San Francisco.;2005-08-08 22:38:00;a few seconds;Bright fast moving light in the western bay area sky, near San Francisco. I saw an object in the sky.  It looked like a circle of green light.  Much like a star would but with a more green hue.  It was much much larger then a star, and apeared to be an extremely high altitude plane height or higher (I would say on the higher side).  I saw it, and I had a split second to notice that it was weird, then it shot off.  It went from left to right.  I only had a split second to see it before it flew off.  It covered 25-35 degrees it about 3/4 to 1/2 a second.  For comparision, it would take a plane about minute or more to just get to where I lost sight of it.  There may have been a small redish orangish center to the light, but I saw it only briefly, and the green stood out far more.  I flew off not as fast as a meteor or comet, but so much faster then any plane I have ever seen.  It flew behind a tree.  I had been walking my dog, right outside my large apartment complex, so it took me a second to think, then I knew that was pretty weird, so I went to see, around the tree that it had shot around (the tree blocked my vision as to where it went, but this object was very high, not near the tree at all, we are talking plane height or far above.)  And it was gone.  This was in nearly due west.  Past a freeway in california called 280.  The SF airport is due east.  But this was miles away from that.  I saw it at 10:38 (I check the time) give or take a minute, or less.  I have never seen anything like it.  I grew up in the country, in a spot off the coast of california where planes fly all the time.  So I have seen allot of planes night and day.  I now live near the SF airport, so I know of course what flying planes look like.  This was nothing a plane could have done.  It could have been a meteor or something like that.  Or a space shuttle.  But that would not explain why it moved so fast.  It is a UFO to me, but there deffinately could be a logical explination (that is really what I am looking for)  I have never seen anything I would call a UFO before.  I am pretty skeptical about anything like this.  I really just want to know what it was, or if someone else saw it (the bay area has allot of people, and anyone looking into the western sky would have seen this.)  I never would file a report like this, but I am really curious, as to what it was.;37.6005;-122.3993
