A DISK SHAPPED UFO SIGHTED OUTSIDE COLORADO SPRINGS CHRISTMAS EVE 1972;1972-12-24 02:00:00;2 MINUTES;A DISK SHAPPED UFO SIGHTED OUTSIDE COLORADO SPRINGS CHRISTMAS EVE 1972 CHRISTMAS EVE 1972 DRIVING FROM DENVER TO COLORADO SPRINGS BEFORE COMING INTO COLORADO SPRINGS IN A RURAL AREA.  I SAW A STAR FALLING AND SAID MONEY, MONEY, MONEY AND THEN SUDDENLY WHAT I WAS WATCHING WAS ABOUT 1000 FEET AWAY,  A DISK SHAPED SHIP HOVERED OVER SOME LIGHTS IN THE DISTANCE.   THEN THE TOP HALF BECAME TRANSPARENT AND I COULD SEE PEOPLE WALKING AROUND AND LOOKING OUT THE WINDOWS.  THIS ONLY WAS A FEW MINUTES SINCE MY HUSBAND AND I WERE DRIVING DOWN THE ROAD AND DID NOT STOP.  THE ROADS WERE VERY ICY AND THERE HAD BEEN A 13 INCH SNOW STORM.  THAT IS ALL I REMEMBER.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Two UFOs and one floating military plane in New Mexico.;1980-03-15 07:00:00;5 minutes;Two UFOs and one floating military plane in New Mexico. March 1980, my husband and I were on the way to the Rocky Mountain Siberian Husky Club specialty in Denver, when we stopped for gas in Colorado Springs.  It was dark, early evening when we stopped, and I was on the right side (passenger) of the car pumping gas. My husband went in to use the restroom and pay for the gas. I saw a silver, round, disk craft come into view.  The only lights it had were the row of windows that went around the middle of the craft.  It sort of floated into view as I stood there staring at it, and I remember that I was surprised that no one else seemed to see it.  It made no noise and came from the north.  It was traveling so slowly that I got a good long look at it. As it got closer to being directly in front of me, I saw a “being” standing in one of the windows. It was almost as tall as the window and seemed to be looking right at me.  I looked around again to see if anyone else was looking and they were not.  When it got directly in front of me, it gently turned and floated off to the east and disappeared off into the distance. End of story. Winter 1986, my husband was running our sled dogs up on U S Hill, southeast of Rancho de Taos.  It had been a mild winter and we had to go high to find enough snow to run on.  We were on our way back in, I was on, “Gus the Beast,” snowmobile, and I was stopped on the north side of the mountain, just down from about 10,000 ft.  I was in the shade, sitting on the snowmobile, enjoying the peace and quiet, waiting for the team to catch up to me (I would go out in front to pack trail and be there just in case of an emergency of some kind.)  I was looking out towards Wheeler Peak when I felt a shadow go over me.  I looked up, thinking that I would see a raven – they would follow the team and often came in ahead of them – but instead, I saw a military aircraft, painted in camouflage, drifting down the valley towards Wheeler Peak.  There was NO NOISE!  It, just like the UFO in Colorado Springs, just floated away until it was out of sight. Looking at photos of aircraft, I think I must have seen the Rapture. That is as close as I can come to naming it. End of story  May 1968 I was going to The University of Albuquerque and my boy friend and I were going back to campus from a ball game near the Rio Grande Zoo.  We were on Central Avenue when I looked over towards the Country Club area, and saw a silver cigar shaped something in the sky.  I looked away and when I turned back, the trees blocked the sky.  It was a ways away, and not very big.  I doubted if I had really seen something. End of Story ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
In twilight a disk shaped object about the size of a dime held at arms length was seen by a husband and wife.  They grabbed field clas;1998-12-11 16:45:00;15 min;In twilight a disk shaped object about the size of a dime held at arms length was seen by a husband and wife.  They grabbed field classes and saw a spotlight underneath.  Object vanished & reappeared to the SW. The object was first seen hovering very high, over Pikes Peak almost due west.  The object Suddenly vanished and reappeared to the SW hovering over what I think is called, Mt. Baldy, or Eagle Mountain-not the offical name. There was a small plane much nearer. Total duration of the sighting was about 15 min. Eyewitness husband is in the military and doesn't want their names released.  This is not his first sighting.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
A saucer, flying only about 50 feet in the air, right above the middle of Colorado Springs.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));2007-10-31 20:50:00;2 Min;A saucer, flying only about 50 feet in the air, right above the middle of Colorado Springs. I've never believed in the existence of UFOs until now.  Yesterday, at about 8:50 PM, I was driving eastbound on Academy Boulevard (this is a major road of Colorado Springs, and goes right through the middle of the city), when I saw a few lights floating above a shopping center right next to the road. I was traveling about 35-40 mph at this time and got closer to it quickly.  Within a few seconds, I realized that the lights all belonged to the same object, and were then slowly moving above Academy, only about 50 feet in the air. It came at an angle towards me (or perhaps I was just moving towards it faster than I thought), and for about five seconds, it was close enough for me to see the details of it. It was the classic saucer shape, with maybe 6-8 white lights around the circular base of it, and one white light at the top. The top, however, was pointed as if a large cone were placed on the top of the main saucer part. It was dark, but I'm fairly certain that the UFO was black or dark grey, and probably the equivalent of 2 or 3 cars in total mass. After about five seconds of it floating only about 50 feet away from me, it banked and did a u-turn, flying away at a much higher speed than it had been before (although it was impossible to estimate the speed at night in those conditions, its accelaration was definately much more than a helicopter could have managed). I saw the lights of it for a few seconds more, then lost it within the glow of the city. I would guess that there were many more witnesses (it was a busy city street, after all) and there should be more reports on the same saucer. Yes, this did happen on halloween night, and I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it so clearly (it may as well have landed and let me walk up and touch it), but it was very frightening because of what I might have just witnessed. Technology like that that we don't know about scares me and makes me wonder what else the government has in terms of power. I still don't believe it was extraterrestrial, because the statistical chances of that are improbable almost to the point of impossibility, but the fact that it exists at all is fairly horrifying. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  We would welcome reports from any other witness.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
bluish white colored disc flys silently across sky and vanishes;2009-02-25 19:30:00;8 seconds;bluish white colored disc flys silently across sky and vanishes It's difficult to be exact about the time I saw my UFO. I guess about 2 months ago is reasonably close. I've talked to several people about what I saw and was litterly laughed at each time. And reasonably so, I've stopped discussing it with anyone at all. That is until finding this section on your website. So here goes. 	 My wife and I were late getting home one nite so I suggested we put a couple of steaks on the grill and have a quick and simple dinner and hop into bed, readying for another days ordeal. I had just fired up the grill and was still holding and folding the grill cover in my hands. I was staring out into the night sky looking at the star formations as I usually do when out at night. I suddenly noticed a rather strange light going across the sky in a West to East direction rather high in the sky. At first I thought it was merely a commercial plane at that altitude but soon realized I saw no usual vapor trail nor jet exhaust sound. But the thing that caught my attention foremost was the fact that I saw no flashing navigational lights. I thought that was especially odd. I knew it was proceeding across the sky because I could see the stationary night stars behind it. I continued to gaze at the moving light as it maintained what appeared to be a constant speed when suddenly it starting becoming brighter in appearance. As I continued looking at it, it actually took on a more distinguishing look about itself. The light started turning a brilliant beautiful color of blue, a shade of blue I'd never seen before. Almost like an electric arc from a plug wire. Ok, here's the crazy part, as I watched it, it developed a wide looking ring around the outside diameter of itself. This ring was a much brighter shade of blue than the inner section appeared to be. It litterly gave the appearance of what Saturn with it's rings looked like, except it was oval shaped in it's center. The two individual and separate colors illuminated its shape completely. 	 I know what I saw, and this is what I saw. I continued to stare at it, half thinking that if I dropped my gaze it would disappear from me or I'd loose a visual on it. I decided to call my wife to come and take a look, not taking my gaze off it, so I called her several times but she didn't hear me in time. 	Then I did the most stupid thing of all, I decided to lay the grill cover down and walk out in the yard to get a better viewing of this object. Laying down that cover took no more than 1 second for me at the most but when I gazed back up in the sky where it last was, there was nothing to see. I mean nothing at all. Not a trace of it could be seen! From initial first sighting until it vanished was perhaps 8 seconds. But I know what I saw. My lasting regret  even till now was taking my eyes off it and missing how it managed to disappear from my line of sight. It's completely impossible for me to have misplaced it in the night sky when there were no other aircraft in the sky at that time. And how did NORAD not pick it up either, as I can see the military installation from my front yard! So call me crazy if you will but what I've written here is the absolute and complete truth as I would derive no personal satisfaction in fabricating such a wild story just to make myself look crazy in the end. I believe with all my heart what I saw that stary night was actually a craft not from our planet but rather from some place outside our Solar System and will continue to believe so until the day I die. I thank you for reading my story and hope that you will believe me. Again, Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Mysterious series of lights and disk shape across southern Colorado Springs sky;2009-12-10 18:00:00;30 seconds;Mysterious series of lights and disk shape across southern Colorado Springs sky I have lived in Colorado Springs my whole life and heard stories from my parents about mutilations of buffalo near the Broadmoor Hotel, and sightings they have seen.  I’ve been skeptical  in existence of another life form but now that I have witnessed first hand something out of the ordinary I believe that they may be things out there that we still don’t know very much about.  I was driving home from work and in front of me I noticed a series of 3 evenly spaced orange glowing lights, and one single glowing light that wasn't as closely spaced. I drive that street everyday and know it couldn’t have been just stars, street lights, or airplanes, then the lights went away one at a time, starting from the right then going left, last light to go out was single light farthest away from the others(it was on the left of all of them).  It happened about 1 second in between each other. They were all in a straight horizontal line. I kept driving and stopped at a light and t! here it was in front of me this time, just 3 lights this time, but I could see the out line of a disk shape on the bottom of the lights and once again the lights disappeared again going right to left one at a time.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
The flying objects seem to appear and dissapear without leaving a trail in the long exposure photos.;2011-07-04 21:30:00;3 minutes;The flying objects seem to appear and dissapear without leaving a trail in the long exposure photos. I took these photos on July 4th around 9:30 pm MDT from my home balcony.  I used a Canon T2i digital camera (18 Meg) set at ISO 800 and for 10 second exposures.  Each picture was taken 30 seconds apart.   With those settings, any objects like airplanes, fireworks, an even helicopters would show a trail.  Even the stars, if you zoom in, would show a small trail due to the earth rotation during 10 seconds of exposure. The flying objects in the photos were pretty steady in their positions, except that they seem to appear and dissapear without leaving a trail.  Notice the change from photos number 5 and 6, where quite a few objects appeared from the twighlight zone. These objects were not visible with the naked eye.  They showed up in my pictures due to the high sensitivity of the camera and the long exposure.  The last three photos are just enlargerments of the first 3 (the originals).  I promise there is no photoshop involved in this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Red fog in room, blueish chrome disk outside of front door, buzzing and pop noise, weird behavior from wife and dog.;2016-02-04 23:00:00;3 minutes;Red fog in room, blueish chrome disk outside of front door, buzzing and pop noise, weird behavior from wife and dog.    I was awoken from sleep by a presence in the room last night.  When I opened my eyes there was a red fog engulfing the entire room.  I tried to wake my wife up but she wouldn't budge.  Not even my dog who was sleeping on the bed would wake up.  Just like a vacuum, I watched the fog get sucked out of my bedroom door (which was open).  I was extremely scared but chose to run to my front door.   There was a slight buzzing noise coming from outside (sorry I'm getting goosebumps real bad just thinking about this).  I opened the door and looked up.  Not 50 feet above the ground was a blueish chrome disk sitting almost motionless in the air.  This was at night and it's weird how I was able to see the distinct blueish chrome color of the disk.  There was a slight wobble to it also.  I felt like something was staring at me.  The disk was about 30 feet around and had a small base on top of it.  There were no lights or markings on it.  It sat there for about! a minute or two (I think but it's almost like I had been staring at it for 15 minutes) and the buzzing noise stopped.   There was a pop that came from it (there go the goosebumps again) like a balloon popping and it slowly lifted straight into the air.  When it got about I'd say 100 or so feet up it faded out of sight into nothingness.   I ran back into my house to check on my 2 year old son and he was fine.   I was able to wake my wife up and asked if she had seen anything.  She got teary eyed and without saying anything went immediately back to sleep.  My dog almost looked sad and went back to sleep as well.   This by far is the weirdest and unnerving thing I have ever witnessed in my life.  I'm am scared s**tless since last night.  While I have seen UFO's in the sky before and reported them on this site, this again by far has confirmed my belief that something else is out there.  I know I wasn't dreaming, I don't do drugs, I wasn't on any medication, nothing.  What the hell happened last night? ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of the report, and he sounded to us to be sincere, and sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent, and reliable, source of information.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Football-shaped saucer, red and gold over Colo Springs Feb 5 2016 8:35 pm mst.;2016-02-05 20:35:00;2-3 minutes;Football shaped saucer, red and gold over Colo Springs Feb 5 2016 8:35 pm mst On Feb %th at 8:35 pm mst, I was on Colo ave and Limit ave at Dunkin Donuts, I stepped out to have a smoke and was looking Northwest when a football shaped saucer approch the downtown area, he saucer was red on top gold/orange on the bottom 2/3 totally silent and getting brighter as it approched, then slowed, nearly still and began to turn east (over downtown Colo Spgs )   I was able to summon a employee and friend Aaron, and he was able to witness its eastward fade and slow departure...thats about it no pulsing, no sound width approx 100yds and we estimate we were 1-2 miles from its turn over downtown. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Dark anomalous object appears in a photo taken during the maximum of the partial solar eclipse;2017-08-21 11:47:00;1 minute or less;Dark anomalous object appears in a photo taken during the maximum of the partial solar eclipse During the onset of the partial solar eclipse in Colorado Springs, my partner and I took photographs of what appeared to be small stratus clouds forming over the mountains -- as outdoor air temperatures dropped with the temporary reduction in solar heating.  We took 9 photos over a 5 minutes period, between 11:46 am and 11:51 am Mountain Time.  Our home has an excellent view of Pikes Peak, the mountain range west of the city and we frequently take weather photos. We reviewed the photos a few hours later and first noticed the anomalous dark image in the second picture taken at 11:47 am.  It was taken with a Motorola Droid Turbo 2 smartphone.  What’s ironic is that, when taking the photo, we saw a long cloud formation over the southern flank of mountains and I said aloud in jest “that looks like a mother ship”.   The anomalous dark object is above and to the left of the long cloud formation in the photo.  The dark object is a bit blurry but obvious to the eye.  No other photos taken have shown anything unusual, apart from the small cloud formations which quickly formed in an otherwise clear sky and then dissipated after the solar eclipse. We’re used to seeing large birds, planes, helicopters, even drones, fly the skies in our area.  But the dark object in the photo doesn’t resemble any of these, which I believe we would have readily noticed at the time.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
