The UFO I saw was stationary, brightly flaming on the bottom and dripping profusely toward the ground.;1990-06-01 23:00:00;5+ minutes (I left);The UFO I saw was stationary, brightly flaming on the bottom and dripping profusely toward the ground. On a recent trip to Colorado Spring in the Fall of 1998 between employment, I picked up a paper that serves several towns 15 to 50 miles east of Colorado Springs.  The headline in the August 27, 1998 RanchLand News (published in Simla, CO) described recent UFO sightings.  The article described a UFO sighting exactly like I personally had while driving south from Colorado Springs on highway 115 in the late 80's to 1990. Every time I stopped at a convenience store on Hwy 24 East of Colorado Springs over the days I was there, I mentioned the UFO headlines of their local paper.  To my surprise many locals shared of their sightings near this multiple Air Base region.  One man of 'credible' nature who is a pilot said him and his wife were driving east on Hwy 24 to Colorado Springs when they saw a large ball of fire heading towards Cheyenne Mountain (NORAD).  He added that it veer to the right along the mountain and disappear over the side then went towards Pikes Peak.  Both him and his wife saw this at about 5 a.m. earlier this summer.  I then told him of my 1990ish sighting and he commented that the UFO I saw stationary in the sky must have had a fuel problem. Until this recent trip to Colorado Springs I never really talked about the sighting much to anyone.   In re-driving the hwy 115 I found at about the county line what I believe is the location where I had the sighting.  There is evidence of brush having previously been burnt there—perhaps set by the flaming UFO? This is what I remember of my earlier sighting back in the late 80's to 1990: It was late at night--probably 11:00 p.m. or later.  I was driving south of Colorado Springs on highway 115.  Fort Carson is on the East Side of the road.  About 4/10ths to a half-mile to my front-left just over a notch in a ridge was a large object suspended in the sky. It was brightly flaming on the bottom and dripping profusely toward the ground over the ridge.  At first I thought it was a dirigible (large blimp) on fire, but it was only burning on the lower half.  Being that it was over Fort Carson, I thought that it might be some kind of military base experiment.  I pulled over to the side of the road for a few minutes, but then just shrugged it off and drove on.  I never drove the road again until this fall of 1998.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Multiple, star-shaped, dim yellow lights in straight line;1995-10-19 01:00:00;10 seconds;Multiple, star-shaped, dim yellow lights in straight line I saw something unusual very early in the morning on October 19, 1995. I was out back at about 1:00 am, just looking at the stars with my binoculars. There were some light clouds to the south but no moon, so it was fairly dark and quite a few stars were visible, at least for this area. (I live in Colorado Springs, CO, and city lights tend to block the stars.) I was browsing in the area about 5º north of Capella (about 50º above the horizon), when some lights came right through my field of view. There were about seven or eight distinct lights, all the same color, a dim yellow. They were shaped like four-pointed stars, all in the same orientation, but not point-to-point. They were in almost a straight line formation, with the line perpendicular to their direction of travel. Two or three of them near the ends were behind the line. They were quite close together, but not in what looked like a normal flight formation--just a group. They were traveling in a straight line, and fairly quickly. My first thought was that some low-flying object had crossed my field of view and was very out of focus, so I quickly tried to focus on the object, but discovered that it was in fact already in focus, and that the lights were really shaped like that. Also, I have very high-quality binoculars, and when lights are out of focus, they don't become star-shaped, they become blurry dots. Just to confirm this, I studied some real airplanes and stars later, adjusting the focus to both extremes. I could not make them look anything like the lights I saw. Furthermore, when I looked at them naked-eye, I could still see the star-shape. The lights traveled from the northeast to the south-southwest, passing almost directly overhead. They traversed about 90º in about ten seconds, keeping a constant speed, as far as I could tell. Their formation changed slightly I believe they moved a little closer together, with the ones behind the main line moving a little toward the middle of the line. It's possible, of course, that the apparent change in the formation was just a change in the perspective as they passed, but my impression at the time was that their positions relative to each other did change slightly. I would guess they were no higher than an airliner's cruising altitude, and probably quite a bit lower. I may have the impression they were lower because I could see the shape of the lights (not just pinpoints of light like an airplane), and because they traversed the sky so quickly. If they were higher, they would have been huge and extremely fast. This is possible, of course, but my impression was they were somewhat lower in altitude. On the other hand, I never heard any noise, and if they were a normal aircraft traveling at a normal altitude, I would surely have heard the engines. As they passed overhead, I had to momentarily look down while I turned to face them. Since I knew what to look for and about where they would be in the sky, I found them again naked eye without any trouble. But I realized that they were faint enough that if I had not seen them through the binoculars first, I doubt I would have ever noticed them naked eye. While looking at them naked eye, the line of their formation was about the width of a finger tip at arms length. In trying to figure out what they might have been, I've been trying to eliminate possibilities. I do not believe the light could have been reflected from the sun or earth, because the object or objects were almost directly overhead in the middle of the night. They would have been in Earth's shadow. The moon did not come up for a few more hours, so I don't think they could have been reflecting light from it. It seems they were generating their own light somehow. (Admittedly, though, I may not understand the relative positions of the sun, the moon, and the Earth well enough for these assumptions to be correct.) The lights did not appear to be exhaust from rocket engines because of the star-shape and the fact that they did not leave an exhaust trail. They also left no contrail, even though an airplane that flew over just a couple minutes later left a contrail that could be seen for several minutes. I could not see any vehicle or structure connecting the lights. They looked like separate objects. I did not, however, think to look for stars passing between them. The pattern and color of their lights was clearly not that of a conventional aircraft such as an airplane or helicopter (no wingtip lights, the wrong color, and not blinking). Also, they moved too quickly to be an aircraft, unless it was quite low. If it was that low, I would have been able to both hear it and make out its shape. I don't believe it could have been multiple aircraft, first because of the pattern of lights, and nobody but a precision flying team could have been that close together. If it had been a precision flying team, I also would have heard their engines. If they were high enough so I could not hear their engines, they would have been a much smaller formation, and the lights would have been pinpoints, not star-shaped. It was clearly not either a meteor or satellite. If it was a military craft (which we see a lot of around here), it was not heading toward any of the local military installations. In fact, if it was any conventional aircraft, it was not following any of the usual flight patterns we see here. In short, I have not been able to think of any conventional aircraft or natural phenomenon that this could have been. [This report was written immediately, while the event was still very fresh in my mind.];38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Seven narrow cylinders with tapered ends, flew in silent formation, from the south,due north. They appeared to have no single light. Th;1998-03-11 22:03:00;10-15 sec.;Seven narrow cylinders with tapered ends, flew in silent formation, from the south,due north. They appeared to have no single light. They glowed. On 3/11/98 at 10:03pm cst, my wife and myself were standing in our back(south-facing)yard, in the southwest side of Colorado Springs, Colorado. It was clear, moon nearly full, calm wind, 20 degrees. I looked to the west at about 30 degrees above the horizon at a group of stars to the north of Orion. As I turned back to face my wife something caught my attention inn the corner of my eye. I thought that it was a star cluster I had at first overlooked yet, there seemed to be movement. I turned to the west to squarely look at the object and discovered it to be moving at a steady rate of speed and altitude, from south to north. A path which came directly over Cheyenne Mountain and continued along the front range mountains until I could not see it any longer due to houses, etc.. When I first noticed that it was a moving object, I brought it to my wife's attention. She too percieved the same U.F.O.. At first sight it appeared to be a single chevron or delta winged configuration. However,the object consisted of seven cylindrical sections. Each cylinder tapered to nearly a point on each end. One in the lead with three others on each side. They were of a consistant grayish tone with perhaps a slight aura around each one. It was impossible to estimate the size or speed. First impressions were of a craft the size of a B-52 at about 5,000 feet, cruising at a speed consistant with approaching an airport for landing. Although, it easily could have been much larger and at considerably higher altitude. It was completely silent. There were no external lights. Preconceptions of aircraft flying with their wings perpendicular to the ground, at first, gave the impression that this was also true for this group of objects. Although it may have been a formation stacked vertically. I don't know. I'm suggesting this because of the moon light at the time. The color of the objects were consistent with moon glow reflection. A reflection which seems unlikely if the craft were side by side with one another. The overall shape of the seven objects appeared to have little or no foreshortening, which I would expect from the angle,if they were flying horizontal, side by side. I don't know. The entire event was 10-15 seconds long. At about 6 seconds into the event, the upper or eastern three objects broke formation for about 1 to 2 seconds before regrouping as they origonally were. The break in formation was rather wave-like in it's movement. The first object from the middle, moved first, away from the center object and slightly forward. With the next two objects moving outward slightly. And the outer- most object moving slightly further apart still. Then they all reversed the sequence to resume the original formation. At this moment, the objects involved in the laterral motion, appeared to have their aura's glow intensify for less than a second, then return to the same overall color. Then they went out of sight, due to houses, trees, etc..;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Saw object hovering over Co Springs. Couldn't clearly make out the shape, but it had approx 10-12 lights, most white, a couple yellow a;1998-04-09 21:15:00;15 mins;Saw object hovering over Co Springs. Couldn't clearly make out the shape, but it had approx 10-12 lights, most white, a couple yellow and red. Hovered, disappeared, and reappeared for under less mminute intervals 4-5 times over approx 15 minutes. It reappeared a couple of times in same position, appeared couple times in different positions but close to original.  Lots of small aircraft in the area which is normal. Our house sits on a bluff and overlooks the front range of Colorado Springs. I was in bed watching TV.  Our bedroom has a big window looking out at the front range.  On this night, there was a lot of aircraft flying across the front range, probably from the USAF Academy and/or Co Springs Airport.  It was fairly clear with a few clouds.  I saw the object several times without paying too much attention to it, before it finally sunk in that there was something different about it--it didn't seem to be moving, just staying in the same spot.  At first I was trying to figure out what kind of airplane it was, but it had more lights than I've ever seen.  It wasn't familiar. I thought it was strange---but again didn't think too much about it--doens't necessarily mean anything.  Afterall, I'm not intimately familiar with all aircraft.  Then I also realized that it didn't seem to be moving.  Maybe it was a dirigible.  Don't know why one of them would be in the area, but who knows. Or maybe it's an aircraft with all lights on coming straight at me---but it didn't seem to get closer---but couldn't honestly really tell.  But then it completely disappeared (all the lights were gone). That's when it got my full attention, and I began searching for it.  A few seconds later(maybe 15?), it reappeared in the same spot.  I looked closer and it's not moving.  It disappeared again after a short time (again less than an minute).  It appeared and disappeared (I think) 2 more times within a short distance of the original spot, and then didn't reappear.  Each time it appeared, it didn't seem to move, just hovered.  It was the lack of movement that gave me the idea it might be a UFO.  It was hovering somewhere over the Academy Blvd business district.  Pikes Peak was to the right, the mountains in the background, and the object was a little more than half way between Pikes Peak and the end of the mountain range to the left.  It's impossible to say how far away from my house it was. I'd guess the base of the mnts are approx. 5 miles a! way. Using that as a reference, I'd say it was a mile from me and was about 6-8 wide. Perhaps that can help give you some perspective of size. It was much larger than anything that normally flies in the area.  The Academy flies small Cessna type aircraft, and I've never seen the larger aircraft from the airport fly this close--they have always much farther out next to the mountains. I just wish I'd had a camera handy. I had hoped to see it on the news with an explanation or confirming that I wasn't crazy--but there wasn't anything. I have been associated with the AF for 29 years.  I was in the AF for 6 as an aircraft mechanic, my husband is AF, I've lived on AF bases, and I currently work for the AF as a civilian.  In other words, I've been around airplanes most of my adult life.  Also, I'm not into the UFO craze.  I've always been very skeptical--I have always thought their existance was possible, but since I hadn't had any personal experience, I reserved judgment.  My theory has always been that most sightings could be explained (including this one), the witness saw what they wanted to see or they were telling tales, or the sightings were just military test aircraft.  However, what I saw the other night, has gotten my attention.  There's probably a good explanation of what it was.  I'm hoping your organization may have an explanation or reports from others.  I'm reporting it to you in hopes that you may know of someone else who observed it.  Right now, I dont't feel like telling anyone (other than my husband) as they'll think I'm nuts.  I wish I'd had a camera that would have captured it. Have you received any other reports about it?;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Saw a row of lights for about two seconds,they disappeared for about a second then the row of lights came on one after the other from r;1998-04-09 21:34:00;4 seconds;Saw a row of lights for about two seconds,they disappeared for about a second then the row of lights came on one after the other from right to left and when the last one was lit they all disappeared. My friend and I walked onto my front porch at around 9:34 p.m. on 9 April 1998. I looked at the sky to the southwest and saw a row of about 8 large/amber color lights. I pointed it out to my friend and she saw them for about a second and asked where they went. About a second or two later the lights came on one at a time from right to left over the same spot we had originally saw the first set.  When the last light was lit it was gone again.  We continued to look and listen but nothing else happened. I would estimate the object was about 5 miles away and about 1000' to 1500 feet above the ground. I am a former helicopter pilot and a mother.  My friend has a professional career.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Big eyes.;1998-05-06 20:00:00;30 seconds;Big eyes Me and my brother where watching power rangers, when both of us see a bright light outside the window and as we turn around we see these big verticals oval eyes the best way I can describe them is as if they where big anime cartoon eyes just staring at us we both got really frightened and called our mother when we went back in the room the eyes disappeared.   That same night there was a mysterious fire in a bush curbside along the street.  Both me and my brother saw this, so it was not a dream or our minds playing tricks on us.   Me and my brother both researched eyes of animals and there is nothing close to what we saw that night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
During my son-in-laws birthday gathering, we were rattled to hear a jet fighter flying low over our house off of Woodmen Rd. My younges;2000-09-11 21:00:00;30 seconds;During my son-in-laws birthday gathering, we were rattled to hear a jet fighter flying low over our house off of Woodmen Rd. My youngest son, myself, and my eldest son ran outside to see the flame of the jets afterburner flying towards a bright light off to the East.  This light resembled the light of an arc welder slowly moving to the North about at an altitude abput three fingers held out at arms length above the horizon.  As the jet approached, the light sped off to the North at an extremely high velocity with the jet in hot pursuit.  I have NEVER seen an object accelerate that fast before.  it easily out-accelerated the jet. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate, even though a birthday was involved.  We will attempt to clarify the date.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Backlit by the nearly eclipsed moon, my husband and I saw a dark, fuzzy boomeranged shaped  object moving slowly.;2003-11-08 18:40:00;1 minute;Backlit by the nearly eclipsed moon, my husband and I saw a dark, fuzzy boomeranged shaped  object moving slowly. On the evening of Nov. 8, 2003, during the lunar eclipse, my husband and I were viewing the moon from our front yard with the naked eye. The eclipse was nearly complete with just a sliver left of regular lunar reflection, around 6:40 Mountain Time. We both saw the boomerang shaped object which was backlit by the eclipsed moon. It appeared in the lower right-hand quadrant of the moon, slightly inward on the radius between the 6 and 5 o'clock positions and moving in a slight arch downward and out of the moon's light. It took at least a minute to traverse this space. In size from side to side of its shape, we estimate it to be around 1/6 the moon's diameter. It was impossible to tell where in the viewing space the object could have been located. It could have been anywhere in our upper atmosphere or in the space between the moon and ourselves as we viewed. The outline of the dark object was more fuzzy than starkly defined as well. After at least a full minute of viewing as the object moved extremely slowly, it disappeared into the surrounding blackness of the night sky. Our atmospheric conditions on that night were absolutely crystal clear and we are located at above 7,000 ft. altitude.  Could it have been an owl we saw backlit by the moon? The movement was archlike so it may be a possibility. The lines were so diffuse around the edges of the object, however, and the shape of the object so consistently formed that we doubted an owl could have produced such an image. The curved longest side of the boomerang had an unnatural curvature totally unlike that of an owl's lines in flight and the speed was too slow to account for an owl's closer distance in our viewing field. Could it have been a plane? No, unless our government is working on a new class of secret boomeranged shaped craft. Always a possibility.  I am a former teacher and my husband owns his own business. We were clear of mind and had not imbibed any alcohol or altering substances. We are in our late 40's.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
What looked like a flock of geese flying overhead at night but couldn't have been.;2004-02-21 22:24:00;fleeting;What looked like a flock of geese flying overhead at night but couldn't have been. Observed ~5 MILES ENE of NORAD. direction of movement: 300 degrees Magnetic. Looked like a flock of geese in heavy left formation. (Leader, one on right and three on left). I was surprised that they were so easily observed at night. Then they were gone. I walked around the corner of the building to see if I could see them and nothing to see. Then it dawned on me that they covered an arc of view (~ 50 degrees) in about 5 seconds. Also dawned on me that the formation was perfect and the illuminated bottom of the birds was too perfect.(My initial surprise was .. Ghee, I can see a flight of geese at night.) The rate of airspeed had to be in excess of 500mph or faster. The size of each bird was the same as the width of my fingertip at arms length.  I see lots of flights of geese past here but not that fast. The AF jets showing off for the USAF Academy don't cover that much sky. No noise. No change of image. I don't know what I saw but it wasn't a flock of geese. Upon reflection, I believe they were shaped like isosceles triangles, perhaps individual ones or maybe iso triangels on the bottom of one big thing I couldn't see. Whatever it/they were, they initially struck me as a flock of geese. Oh, the winds at altitude weren't great enough to allow a flock of geese to go that fast because the clouds just weren't moving. I have 11,000 plus flight hours as pilot in command.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
A calculated experience with another dimension.;2006-11-13 12:00:00;7 seconds;A calculated experience with another dimension. I was at a branch of the local public library on 8th St. when I noticed a small study room.  Because it was just the type of room I was looking for I noted the room's furnishings using the window next to the door.  Because there were three similar doors along the same wall I decided to see how many were study rooms.   The next door also led to a study room, which was furnished using furniture that seemed identical to the first room a beautiful new large table and chairs.  Taking a few steps backwards, I looked in the window to the first study room again to see if the furnishings in both rooms were identical.   I also noticed the sign above each of the rooms, STUDY ROOM.  The first room was a little smaller though.  I was just about to look in the window to the second study room again, when two people walked into it and at the same time a woman came out of the third door.  I then asked her how many study rooms that branch of the library has and, nodding towards the first study room, she answered, only that one.  I  had looked up at the sign above the second door and the areas above both of the doors each had an identical notice posted, Study Room.   The wall in the second room was bare and that room was larger.  I use the past tense because when the library employee looked at the wall where both doors had been, the door only to the second study room vanished.  No spaceship seemed present and there was no unusual noise.    But, from previous my experience,  the second study room at my local library branch has not entirely disappeared, its access is strictly controlled.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
bullet shaped craft over the skies of colorado;2011-05-04 01:33:00;20 seconds;bullet shaped craft over the skies of colorado Ok so mountains are to my west, I was faced south and watched a craft that was bullet shaped heading north, lasted only 20 seconds but at the end it accelerated fast enough to cause a streak behind it in a bright blue color then it was gone just plum vanished.looked like a bright blue bullet. this happend at 1:33 am;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Box like saucer hovers and flies silently over Colorado Springs only a couple thousand feet above my head.;2012-05-05 20:45:00;7 minutes;Box like saucer hovers and flies silently over Colorado Springs only a couple thousand feet above my head. I was at the Cotton Wood disc golf course playing by myself when I saw the strange object fly directly over my head. This object from underneath had a square shape with a sauce shape above the bottom portion. It was completely silent and flying very low.  I saw the object when it was dusk and it only had a very small blueish light illuminating from underneath of it.  I ran to see if anyone else was on the course playing and found four guys on hole eighteen.  They too witnessed the events, and classified it as a UFO. It was completely silent, floating above us very low, and had no lights other than a small blue light in the center bottom of the object.  It was floating very slow, and I even yelled at the object and waved to attract it's attention.  I got a very good look at this object and it was not a plane, or a weather balloon, or anything I have ever seen before.  Very scary, and very surreal!;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Colorado Springs UFO Sighting;2013-04-12 22:30:00;30 seconds;Colorado Springs UFO Sighting My friend and I were sitting out on my porch when I happened to look up and see 12 distinct lights, yellowish in color come out of nowhere directly above my house. There was no noise.  I jumped up and yelled &quotDo you see that!!??&quot She looked up and we both watched as it moved very fast in front of us and then disappeared within about ten or twenty seconds. The lights were organized in rows of three forming a W shape.  I live right next to the air force base and see and hear planes and military planes flying over my house all the time! This made no noise and was close enough to my house that if it had been a plane it would have shook it.  This was undoubtedly the most eye opening experience I have EVER experienced and I am so glad that I wasn't alone when this happened. There is no doubt that this was a UFO and it almost seemed as if it just slipped into our reality and then went back to somewhere else.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Big Brown Bird in night sky like a huge V no wing movement.;2013-10-23 19:15:00;5 seconds;Big Brown Bird in night sky like a huge V no wing movement. So i step outside for a cigarette and start watching the sky facing east.  Suddenly something blurry drifts past my vision.  I turn my head to watch where its going.  It looked almost brown compared to the sky.  It was in the shape of a V.   It flew really low compared to an airplane.  It wasnt as big as a 747 it think theyre called.  But way bigger than a bird. I ran to the other side of the building to confirm but it faded form my sight.  Like it got to far away to see.  It was flying south. It had no lights, and no sound.  It seemed to just glide.  It seemed to slow to stay in the air.  For a moment I thought it was my eyes playing a trick on me but it blocked star light as it passed. Im certain I saw something but I still wanna know if anyone else saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
((NUFORC Note:  No information provided by witness.  PD));2014-05-02 10:30:00;10 seconds;((NUFORC Note:  No information provided by witness.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
flashing light (s) high up between NORAD and Pike's Peak;2014-06-30 00:34:00;20 minutes;flashing light (s) high up between NORAD and Pike's Peak Bright flashing light between NORAD and pikes peak.  It was flashing green, red, purple, orange and a bluish color.  It was doing a small figure eight pattern up and down for five or so minutes then every 30 to 45 seconds what looked like a second craft melted away from the original craft each became half the size when it was one piece.   Both craft were maintaining the up and down figure eight pattern.  The flashing of the light increased in speed till it just flashed out gone but with as far as I was from this event,  This thing or things was HUGE.  I really hope I wasn't the only one who saw this insanity.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Fiery bird like, flapping reddish yellow and white light.;2014-10-04 22:08:00;10 seconds;Fiery bird like- flapping reddish yellow and white light. Red, yellow, and white light. Looked like it was flapping almost like a bird..  Massive size with no noise.  2nd sighting in a week.  Had to be 10,000 feet in the air and moving twice as fast as a plane.  Lights were not bright but more dulled.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
I once studied architecture and instead became a gent.  In the east-northeast of Colorado Springs in the Garden of the Gods area an eve;2014-12-12 10:39:00;2 seconds;I once studied architecture and instead became a gent.  In the east-northeast of Colorado Springs in the Garden of the Gods area an event occurred in the sky.   A silver pill shaped light appeared into the sky and then moved at a super rate of speed.  I will add more math details to attempt to calculate speed and size of this object according to the first memory of it.   It appeared with alacrity.   I was not looking directly at the spot where it appeared but because it just appeared so fast that my eyes registered the bright silver light in the east  that I witnessed it move so quickly.  It did not slide into view.   It “turned on” as one would a switch.   I surmise that either I seen it enter into view and zoom off into the mountain range.  Or that it entered into visible sight and kept its momentum.   The actual sighting lasted one second or less and the time from the moment I registered a event happening by sight to when I recognized this elliptical silver bight light move very quickly.  Aren’t comets always like yellowish because when they are burning in the entry of the atmosphere they get superhot and burn?  This one was like a low power purple florescent light.  Had I been able to see it wink out in the sky like normal I wouldn’t be writing this but it was far enough that a building across the street hid the rest of its final moments in the visible sky.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Standing on the sidewalk with multiple people at my twins 8th grade continuation ceremony at West Middle School & there were two milita;2015-05-15 10:00:00;20 minutes;Standing on the sidewalk with multiple people at my twins 8th grade continuation ceremony at West Middle School & there were two military F16s swooping the sky. Upon closer observation it was noted that they were attempting to catch up to an object that was tumbling in the sky close to the summit of Pikes Peak.  Initially thought it could be a weather balloon until I realized that it’s movement was intentional & against the Rocky Mountain downdrafts that make flying so difficult that close to the mountains. It was clear reflective & multifaceted.  Possibly spherical or cigar shaped & would hover & tumble until the jets came close & then it would move faster than the eye could see & suddenly reappear above or to the side of the jets. It literally played a cat & mouse game with the F16s for about 20 minutes, as we watched until it darted straight up & was not seen again.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Multiple UFO craft, abnormal turns and accelerations and appearing from nothing and then vanishing;2015-11-23 16:00:00;15-20 minutes;Multiple UFO craft, abnormal turns and accelerations and appearing from nothing and then vanishing 10-23-2015 Colorado Springs, Colorado, (Security area) UFO sighting.   Just after 4:00pm Just saw a UFO from my front yard in Colorado Springs, Colorado, as I was facing towards the South/South-East.  The flying objects were located almost straight up, thousands of feet up. (25? More?  By the time the encounter was over I had observed 4 different flying objects with the 1st morphing through three very different shapes during the encounter.  (Cigar, circle, then bell- Final shape when it disappeared between flickers)   When I noticed the first object, it caught my eye by being so white and shiny there amongst the blue backdrop of the sky with a only few high altitude clouds not far off from the fast steady moving cigar shaped craft.  It was the shape of a plane fuselage without wings and moving at high speeds across the sky with no vapor trail.  I could discern no details at this moment save the shape (cigar) and a flickering color. I watched if for a minute, it was way up there past the highest clouds, small to the naked eye. A single whitish craft with slight silvery sheen around an object that’s mostly white looking although there is setting sun colored (pinky orange) flashes towards the bottom side facing the sun. (The setting sun I believe is what gave it the appearance of flickering or flashing on that side no matter what direction the craft was traveling.  It may be reflection of the setting sun upon areas of the craft as the craft spins)  (It could almost be mistaken for a plane if it were holding a steady altitude and going a normal aircraft speed which at first it was, as if mimicking a normal aircraft in speed and altitude)  So in all the cigar shaped object seemed to be flickering a weird metallic white hue about most of the craft with pink/orange flashes radiating from the bottom-front sun facing side as it moved or darted about what seems like a long ways away almost straight above my house. This thing started moving like no aircraft known to civilian science as the motions defied my minds visual knowledge of physics in action.  Everything in me screamed this motion was unnatural for machines of man.  Every cell in the core of my being knew that what I saw was not possible within my now shattered understanding of the laws of motion. This movement and motion has only been hinted at in sci-fi movies and I must say that the movements of these objects were very different than even ‘that’.  How could something survive the forces, I could only guess, were in playing upon those craft and what about the effects upon any posible biological entity. This motion from the flickering shimmering glittery pink-tinted spheres were doing some short-range fast acceleration/deceleration maneuvers, zipping and pausing and darting around almost like the motion was governed by something my mind has no concept for comparison.  Their motion was different than anything I even seen in the movies, which is what gave me such a sick odd feeling in the pit of my soul.  (I have never experienced a sensation like that, which I felt while watching these objects. Knowing I was not alone in what I saw made me feel more ‘real’ than I ever have.)  The UFO started out as one cigar shaped object flying in a straight line at very high velocity before coming to a fast stop and changing directions.  For a couple minutes it darted about instead of staying upon the course I saw it upon originally. The object moved fluidly with fast stops and starts almost like a darting hummingbird with very little curving to its flight path as you would expect from any plane or aircraft known to the US and any other nations of the world. Human craft would need to bank and arc around in a circle to change directions. This was ‘No’ plane. I have worked on many aircraft and ‘nothing’ that is not mentioned in science fiction comes close to this behavior.  These craft moved about like predatory birds dogfighting at speeds and direction changes that defy imagination. Just think of the unbelievable g-force conditions exerted. I went to the front door to call for others to come see the UFO’s. When the two other witnesses showed up I pointed up to it and noticed that it was now circular shaped and fading in and out of view while hovering and appearing to dart around in a tight area. I realized the craft I relocated, ‘This craft’ was no longer cigar shaped, but circular in appearance all darting and flickering about close to the same area I last saw the original cigar shaped craft.( Did it change or was it a different craft. When I opened the house door to get someone else to see the weird objects, I lost site of the original object). It seemed to be winking in and out and hoping from being in one place to being in another close by. My mind had a hard time believing that metal could be made to move like that. These were no known manmade objects and these flying objects were real and right there in front of us all. Then, as I am pointing at it and the others are saying how weird it was moving and with everyone looking after having located the UFO, within moments, 3 more small whitish flickering UFO objects also circular and the same size as the first, appeared out of nowhere almost on top of the first. To me, at first, the first craft I saw seemed to be winking in and out, but then I started seeing two and three winking at the same time until ‘4’ circular/sphere shaped flying objects seemed to appear into existence. (Listen to what I am SAYING. ‘They’, three new UFO’s, just appeared, right in front of our eyes. When I say appeared, I mean that the one object was there alone. ((At least there was nothing else of interest within my visual spectrum although the jet had taken off climbing in a lazy mechanical manner flying a southerly direction with these UFO craft almost directly overhead)) It was just there alone one second and then the next second, three others start showing up, flickering in and out of visual sight.    There was no interception from the ground. I absolutely can tell you there was no craft on approach from earth. (One plane did take off from the base heading southeasterly direction with nothing in common as to shape or mannerisms. When I would glance at the plane I couldn’t help but keep thinking that, ‘THAT’ was how I was taught metal was supposed to act while in flight) Now there are 4 moving around the first with 2 hovering a lot within the first ones flight path while the 3rd seemed to be chasing the first. The original would zip one direction and the 2 would move as if to block and the first one would get close and stop very abruptly, a few times they got so close they were hard to make out as 2 separate objects. The 3 new arrivals appeared to be the same size as the first. The only explanation I can think of is that they came from out of the atmosphere at unbelievable speeds from way higher up than the original UFO. This seems a lame view of what happened, as we were watching the first one, the others just showed up blinking in and out of existence before solidifying for the rest of the encounter until they vanished for good. CLOAKING? When I say they just appeared I mean they (the 3 new comers) weren’t smaller looking than the 1st craft and on an intercept course until they got close enough to see them as being the same shape and size. ‘No’, these things just appeared from out of ‘nothing’. There was one, and then there were 4 with 3 flickering in and out of existence for a few seconds longer than the first before they stabilized and remained in sight. These newest three craft just showed up like they were winking in and out existence or our visual spectrum for a few seconds (like flickering fast) and then they were all within our full view. Then the block and chase maneuver started from the three newcomers. I look at the plane that took off and marveled at how the motions of the plane and the motions of the UFO’s were so very in contrast with each other. Then I realized how unique my sighting was. I actually have a visual reference of one of humanity’s flying machines in flight in the same area as four unknown flying objects that defy conventional motion and shattered what I took to be reality of the limits of motion and metal. I saw these objects. I saw how they were moving and seeing ‘is’ believing. ‘I now know, ‘that’ kind of motion is possible, for I saw it and believe it to be as true as the flight of the contrasting plane. They were both there and they were both real and vastly different. I know now first hand of the limitations to our own reality and the hardwired from birth ‘limits’ set in place within our own minds. Limits upon our beliefs and what we KNOW (were taught) to be true, on what we think is the entire scope of reality, machinery, physics and motion. Wake up ‘Please’. These limits themselves have limits and are not permanent. We can wake up our misguided views of the world. I have been shown a true taste of what’s possible. I know it’s possible because I saw it with my own eyes. In full focused contrast against an American aircraft in flight. I liken the feeling to showing a cell phone to an old west cowboy in the early 1800’s and showing that it works and that its real and there in front of him and that this tech is possible. I feel like that cowboy. Here are my comments on the aircraft: An aircraft took off around 4:15 give or take. When sight was lost on the original and only remaining UFO I went inside to check the time and it was 4:25GMT. The UFO on last location was almost straight over the house behind me now as I am facing between Cheyanne Mt. and Pikes Peak Mt. in Colorado Springs Colorado. The US Aircraft was heading south easterly where the flight paths would cross the original encounter location albeit at a far lower altitude. The plane was in no danger of collision as the UFO’s altitude was far greater and they(the UFO’s) were in and out of the clouds during their chase. Not in and out really just behind and peeking out from around as the cloud passed by. Visibility was excellent with very light cloud groups, very small very high up. As the Plane got further and further away the UFO objects still looked far away and above the plane’s flight path. The UFO objects appeared to be staying the same size as the aircraft receded from sight and it gave me a weird kind of dual reference point from my perspective of looking at both types of craft within the same field of vision, almost straight up from my front steps facing a southeasterly direction. Then I went to get the binoculars out of the van and it was really hard to find the targets. As I was looking for them in the binoculars, the three pursuit craft just winked out first one then the other two at about the same time. The original UFO that used to be a cigar shape, when I looked at it through the binoculars, I could see a definite bell shape, that for a few seconds I thought it had flickering on and off lights. It wasn’t really flickering lights on and off, It appeared to be rotating/spinning very fast with these quick flashes of pinky white glinting at the bottom corner of the craft that was facing the setting sun. The rotation was defined by a massive black form that interrupted the whiteness as it rotated. I just saw black splotch interrupting the whiteness with a much faster sunset color flickering or maybe flashing as if the sunlight was reflecting off of several objects upon the crafts side. It was a little hard to comprehend, but there were three flashes of sunset color in the bottom side that was facing the sun, per one black flash that never blacked out the overall whiteness of the object. This gave the definite appearance or rotational motion. Then with the craft in view through my binoculars, it vanished. Now try to comprehend what I am saying here. I mean, it disappeared between flickers. From one flicker to the next it just wasn’t there anymore. This was the last I saw of the UFO’s.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
It was a horseshoe shape and brown flyinging above the mountains disappearing and then coming back;2016-07-10 13:00:00;1 minutes;it was a horseshoe shape and brown flyinging above the mountains disappearing and then coming back I was driving and I looked up at the mountains and I saw a figure that looked like a giant horse shoe in the sky it was brown and my sister saw it too but not my parents.  it flew across the mountains disappeared and popped back up later when we got to woodland park it was like it was following us.   At first I thought it was an airplane but it made no sound and what type of airplane is horseshoe shaped.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Taking out the trash I saw an odd shaped object flying in a circular as well as zigzag pattern with no visible lights. I wouldn’t have;2017-02-18 19:10:00;2 minutes;Taking out the trash I saw an odd shaped object flying in a circular as well as zigzag pattern with no visible lights.  I wouldn’t have been able to see it except that light from the moon and presumably town was reflecting off of it.  At first glance I thought geese, but it moved extremely fast, made no noise, and was erratic in movement before making a half circle and disappearing.  I wasn’t able to get a handle on the exact shape, but it had what looked like scoop or spoon-ish protrusions (thick antenna?  Not wings) that made it look somewhat triangular.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
Strong of flashing red lights across the sky;2017-12-09 21:00:00;15 minutes;Strong of flashing red lights across the sky There was three of us walking in a field.  We saw a thing fall from the sky and flash up around 8:45 as if a firework but the die was no bang.  Moments later at 9 we notices a long string of red lights in the horizon.  It looked like a chain of helicopters but later appeared to be of one large ship.   It lasted about 15 minutes then continued out of the horizon.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
I was sitting in our hot tub around 3pm and noticed a bright light that looked like a star in the north sky. I thought, wow a start in;2020-01-12 15:26:00;10 minutes;I was sitting in our hot tub around 3pm and noticed a bright light that looked like a star in the north sky.  I thought, wow a start in daylight!  I kept watching it and it was high above the light clouds passing by as I noticed passenger planes flying well below it.   Then all of a sudden, the star started to move slowly east and moved 45 degrees from its original field of my vision.  On a side note, at the same time it was moving east, a fast moving cigar shaped very bright object was flying west high in the sky, much higher than the passenger plane I noticed.  As I noticed that object flying west, I looked back to the star shaped object and it had stopped moving east and was stationary.  Then it started to move west again and almost came back to its original location, when it suddenly disappeared.;38.8753097510373;-104.772105082987
