2 bright lights in the sky.;2013-05-20 20:30:00;10 minutes;2 bright lights in the sky. I saw 2 lights in the sky and I thought they were cars on top of a hill.  As i looked closer i could see the outline of the hill because it wasn't quite dark yet and there was a bright moon.  As I looked closer, the 2 lights were moving slowly but just in one general area.   I went outside to see if I could hear if they were helicopters hovering and I could not hear a thing.  As I continued to watch the objects would seem like they were moving closer together and move apart and then be horizontal from each other and then move vertically from each other.  This went on for several minutes.   Finally they both started moving across the sky first really slow and then picked up speed.    As they went by I listens really close and could not hear a single thing from them and they finally just moved out of site. ((ADDENDUM FROM VISITOR TO THE NUFORC SITE)) Dear Peter,   I heard your interview on Coast to Coast with George Noory, last Sunday, June 2, 2013.  You mentioned that in the previous week you were astounded that there were over 400 UFO sightings.  I reviewed some of the sitings and they seemed very easily explainable to me.  One of them, in Maine, I believe was very obviously the B-1 Bomber in the sky.     I checked with a local AFB website (Creech AFB has a website - near my home in Pahrump, NV) and as I expected, the Air force - specifically the B -1 Squadron out of Texas) was doing Green Flag exercises from May 17 - May 31.  These are exercises which replicate exact tactics that are being used currently in Afghanistan.  They are also trying out a new targeting system which explains the sighting in Cleveland or Indianapolis, I believe, where someone saw planes flying in formation chasing a white light - it turned red (blew up), then vanished (because it disintegrated in the air).  This is typical  Air force exercises that occur at different times for military readiness.     I hope this helps with your quest.  I am an extraterrestrial hopeful, and am always interested in extraterrestrial life - would like to believe we are being visited, but in these cases the only vists are from Uncle Sam.   Thank you.   ((name deleted)) Pahrump, NV 661-((number deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((RESPONSE TO VISITOR'S COMMENTS)) Dear Ms. ((name deleted)),  Thank you very much for your note!  Could you please direct me to the website you accessed?  Also, if you spoke with someone in the U. S. Air Force, could you please provide me with a name of, and a telephone number for, that person.  I recognize that any aircraft in the air might give rise to a UFO sighting, but the U. S. Air Force probably does not shoot down “targets” over civilian areas, or even over unpopulated forests, given the damage and injury that could occur. Other aspects of your observation that I don’t understand is why two B-1B bombers would be flying in close formation, and why they would have bright lights on them.  Moreover, they are very loud, and even at a distance of many miles, they would have had a sonic signature.   Thank you, again!   Cordially,  Peter Davenport, Director National UFO Reporting Center ((END NUFORC'S RESPONSE));44.2606;-69.2717
