Alien abduction.;1995-06-01 02:00:00;5 minutes;alien abduction I am a 19 year old from Culpeper, Virginia. I really didnt see an alien space craft but I was abducted. It all started when i was sleeping in my bedroom. I was sleeping on my bed when i rolled over onto my left side. I opened my eyes and saw this alien looking down on me. The alien was smoke (black) colored skin, had shiny, black reflective eyes. It was tall and slender. When I looked into the eyes of the alien, I immediately froze. I was defenseless and had no control over my body. I couldn't even move or speak. I tried to open my mouth and scream but I couldn't. The Alien overrided my neurological system, which made it difficult for me to move. The only thing that I could do was watch in horror. The Alien then lifted his/her hand and I suddenly saw a bright flash of light that last for about a second. I was then on what appeared to be the UFO. The room (inside the UFO) was really bright. I saw 3 other aliens. They had me on a hard bed which was made out of some type of smooth stone. I then watched them inject a needle that had 3 smaller needles around it, inside my right bicep. I didn't feel any pain but I was able to feel the coldness of the needle. After the injection, an alien came over to me, lifted his hand up and a bright flash of light fulfilled my eyes. I was then back in my house, laying on my bed. I got out of bed and went into the kitchen and turned on the light. There, I observed my right arm (bicep muscle) and I saw markings (red dots) where they had injected me with their needles. I saw one dot, about 3cm and 3 smaller dots (about 1cm) that surrounded the bigger dot. This was my encounter.;38.5083;-77.9943
All I saw was ablue,purple and pink blur with a white dot seeming to be on top, soaring in a zig-zag formation, then finaly zoomed off;2004-01-14 03:00:00;not sure;All I saw was ablue,purple and pink blur with a white dot seeming to be on top, soaring in a zig-zag formation, then finaly zoomed off I am only 16, and very scared to even tell this! I was at my cousin's house, we were going to bed and i got the window. Sometimes i tend to go into a light/dream sleeping,when i am about to wake up. And when i do that, i can remember those dreams. That is how it started...I was dreaming about a party i was going to go to, then out of nowhere, i start dreaming i'm in my cousin's driveway!And i was wraped in my big blue blanket.Then i got this intense feeling i was being chased. So i ran,but i was bare foot on gravel,and i hurt my foot on a rock. I got to the street(my cousin lives just in town)and i just passed the mailbox,when a pink light fell down over me, into a circle on the black top. I felt so scared,I tried to move but coudn't. But i somehow looked up,and saw a pink circle for a sec. then woke up! When i woke up i had a relief feeling. But i then tried to roll onto my right side, facing my cousin,but i couldn't move again! All i could do was move my eyes. So i panicked again! I felt a tingle feeling,like your foot is asleep. I felt it at my neck and shoulders,and my feet,it faded away,disapearing at my waiste. I calmed down and was able to move again.I rolled over on my back. Then i sat up andtried to breath normal, Then something caught my eye,i looked out the window, and there it was. All i saw was a blue,purple and pink blur with a white dot Seeming to be on top,soaring in a zig-zag formation, Then it finally zoomed off! It scared the crape out of me! So i went to go tell my mom(who was downstairs)What happened. What i realized though, was the blanket...was exactly how i dreamt it wraped around me! And...i had an impression in my foot that hurt where i felt it hurt in my dream!So i ran downstairs and told my mom. But she just told me it was a dream and to go to sleep. I am not sure what exactly happened to me in that time i was asleep,but i KNOW what i have just told you is real! No matter what any one says or thinks! I know! I've  asked my mom if i could even go to theropy to ! be hypnotized,she said no. I think about it though, and i kind of don't want to know! But since then...i have seen different things in the sky. I see an orange,red,and yellow ball moving around the moon Almost every other night.I have also had strange marks appear on my legs and back. Not very often, but they pop up the next morning when they were not there that night before. If there is anything you could do to make it easier to tell my experiences, please do! And any advice how to handle any more visits,also make it findable. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.5083;-77.9943
