Cigar shaped object with two orange lights flies low and FAST across sky only blocks away with no sound;2004-02-15 20:15:00;20-30 seconds;Cigar shaped object with two orange lights flies low and FAST across sky only blocks away with no sound My wife and I had been watching the star Sirius because of the unusual prisms we were witnessing. It usually changes colors and flickers however it was more blinking that night.  Vivid shades of green, blue, red, amber and yellow were quite visible.  It was about 20-25 degrees above the horizon and very bright that night. At around 7:30pm PST, we were standing on our front porch (facing North) looking at the night sky when we first noticed something strange.  It appeared two red orbs, very small and very far away, almost spewed from the Sirius star. (This isn’t actually what prompted me to file this report.)  We watched them move very similar to a plane at first, slowly making their way across the sky. The biggest difference was that the lights weren’t blinking and there was only that red glowing light. It was a bright magenta, though it appeared very far away. We first witnessed one shoot off to the left (West) and take about 45 seconds to move what seemed like a mile or so. It then suddenly appeared to stop in the air, then disappear seconds later.  We weren’t sure what to think of it and decided to get a 2nd opinion. We called my wife’s mother who happened to be out driving on Cook Road (country road about 5 miles away to the Northeast) and asked if she had seen anything. She said no. At this time, we started to witness another red orb that looked exactly like the first, but this time it shot off to the right (East). We asked if she could see it as well and she confirmed it.  It acted very similar to the first one, moving a mile or away from Sirius, then stopping and disappearing. Somewhat stunned and excited, we decided to grab my camera and be ready for the next time.  About 10 minutes later my wife’s mother arrived at our house. We talked about what we had seen and decided to keep an eye on it through the front bay window. (It was a cold night so being outside for hours at a time was difficult.) Over the next 45min I ventured in and out keeping an eye to the sky whenever we weren’t talking.  What happened next is what not only prompted me too make this report, but turned my previously skeptical wife into a believer. I had also called my father since he’s always been interested in UFOs and the paranormal. (He’s also a very smart man. PhD in Psychology licensed Shiatsu therapist, LMT, etc.) While standing just off our front porch in the front walkway and talking to him about the night’s events, I noticed two very clear amber/orange lights moving rather quickly towards us from the North-Northeast also seeming originating from Sirus. I had been watching the sky the whole time and didn’t see it come up over the foothill. It appeared from nowhere.  At first I dismissed it as a plane, but as it came rapidly closer, I realized there were no wings. I yelled for my wife and mother-in-law to come look.  By the time they arrived at my side, the object had moved drastically closer. It now appeared to be maybe a mile away from us at the most. It had only been maybe 10 seconds since I first saw it from what seemed like 20-30 miles away. All three of us just stared up in awe. Within 2-3 seconds, it passed almost above our heads (maybe a few blocks away) at a surprisingly low altitude (couple hundred feet). We got a pretty good look at it… it was cigar shaped with no wings or tailfin or anything. We couldn’t make out the surface, although it looked very dark. There were two lights on it (the amber/orange ones I had seen) that appeared to be on the bottom, plus a dimmer and smaller red light, similar to the orbs we had seen earlier. They lit up the area directly underneath them apparent by the treetops. The surface of the object didn’t appear to be reflecting the light back at all – it reminded me of a street light color and beam. A kind of floodlight, but controlled.  There were two very distinct things that stuck out in all of our minds. This object was moving *FAST* at first (appearing to travel 20 miles or so in 10-15 seconds), but then slowed down when closer to us, then speeding up again as it went away. The other thing that really surprised us was the lack of sound. It was dead silent. No wind noise, no motor, nothing. It was shooting across the sky at easily 80-90 miles an hour without making a peep! The fact that it appeared so close to us added to the confusion..  We watched it as it flew overhead and eventually out of sight (to the South-Southeast). The time frame from when I first saw it appear to when we couldn’t see the lights anymore was about 30 seconds. We started trying to rationalize what it was. Plane? Nope – no wings or sound. Helicopter? Looked like it *could* of been, though again it was completely silent, plus we never saw the blades or tail light. It was a night we’ll remember for years to come if not for the rest of our lives!   Some quick background information on my wife, me, and my mother-in-law:  I am a computer security professional (own my own consulting business) and have been so for over a decade. I’m very well respected in my field and have always been a perfectionist on the job. I pay a large amount of attention to detail and have been told I’m quite intelligent.  My wife owns her own company as well, manufacturing an up and coming product that a handful of large businesses have shown interest in selling. She has been doing it for about 4 years with a business partner. She is also well respected by her customers and business associates.  My mother-in-law is a volunteer coordinator at the local church and a Boy Scout district commissioner. She is a very particular person when it comes to facts and research. Just like me, she prefers to research all the facts for herself and then make the best educated decision that she can.  Thanks for listening and all you do!;48.5274;-122.2329
