20+ circular objects seen over Georgia;2003-12-27 15:40:00;3 minutes;20+ circular objects seen over Georgia I had just arrived home from a friends house with my two sons. I climbed on the trampoline and laid back to gaze at the clear blue sky. I saw many buzzards flying about but what caught my attention was a cluster of bright circular objects much higher in the sky than the birds. These objects were circling each other in a whirlwind/tower pattern. Each followed its own course, but they all were circling and, as I was to soon find out, going upward. My wife came out of the house to talk with us and I asked her to take a look at them. She watched them with me until they slowly vanished in the atmosphere. The objects at the top of the tower began to disappear first followed by those at the bottom. They appeared to be bright white with a haze around them. I also noticed a refraction of some sort on the outside of that. Like bending light. At first I wanted to shrug them off as birds and leave it at that. But my wife urged me to look closer and really observe them. It was then that I knew they could not be birds. They were circling much to fast and I've never seen birds shaped like orbs that disappeared into the atmosphere. Another thing we both noticed was that when they circled around on our side of the loop they were brighter and seemed to reflect the sun. When they were on the opposite side of the loop they were dull and faint. That would be the result of astetic distance because they were blued by the atmosphere. Several buzzards flew between us and the objects and it was even more obvious how high they were. Later, a jet flew by in the same area where the objects had been. The jet was very far away by the time it appeared to be the same size as the objects had appeared. These objects obviously traveled upward and not horizontal. We haven't seen them since. Unfortunately I was debating with myself as to what these objects were before I thought to retrieve the video camera. By then they had all vanished. I could draw a picture of how they appeared and email it to you, if you'd like.  Thank you.  ((name deleted));34.3654;-83.2556
