Orange/red sphere very large changed shape and color into small white light that flew off near Lancaster, PA;2011-09-01 21:00:00;1 minute;orange/red sphere very large changed shape and color into small white light that flew off near Lancaster, PA I thought I was looking at a fifth of the moon with clouds covering it.  It was orange.  I told my friend to look at it and was about to say doesn't the moon look crazy.  Then we realized the moon was to our left and it was not the moon.  It was changing in shape and size slightly and then it was got small and remained orange/red.   At this time it moved around a little.  It was larger than the size of the brightest star.  It turned white.   My friend took two pictures of it with her phone.   At this time it shot out of the sky away from us and disappeared.  There were a lot of helicopters flying around.  She lives near an airport, but there were a lot more than normal.  The object we saw was very far away, not as close as any planes so this may have been a coincidence.;40.1846;-76.3015
Many red objects flying in different directions for about 4 minutes and then disappearing;2013-09-22 00:03:00;4 minutes;Many red objects flying in different directions for about 4 minutes and then disappearing It was around midnight and we were driving home and noticed red lights in the sky, I didn't think anything of it because I was driving but my husband said STOP and I stopped right in the middle of the road and could not believe what I was seeing.  I couldn't stay in the middle of the road so I turned into a neighborhood and parked,got out and looked up.  We watched 1-3 flying objects turn into about 9 and they all flew in different directions.  As we stood there I made sure to watch closely to see if they were falling or flying and they certainly were flying.  After about a minute they started disappearing,however 4 of them remained for another 3 minutes.  2 of the objects stayed very close together,the other 2 were not very far behind.  We watched them just disappear and stood there for a few minutes in disbelief.   Yes we live near LANCASTER AIRPORT, I know what aircraft looks like in the day and at night and this was not a PLANE.;40.1846;-76.3015
