Three orange lights, one with energy field surrounding it;2019-08-18 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Three orange lights, one with energy field surrounding it Went out to turn off my sprinkler and noticed a bright orange light coming from the NW and traveling slowly towards the SE.  The sky was already dark with no cloud cover and stars were out.   National weather service out of Missoula reported winds aloft at 60mph out of the NW over Hamilton, MT at 10:00pm mountain time.  Once I noticed the first light, I could see another traveling along a similar path as if one was following the other.  They were both equally bright and where much bigger than any object such as Jupiter or other planets or stars.  They were easily10x bigger than the biggest planet or star.  They were circular in shape, possibly slightly elongated when at their brightest.  The first one slowed and stopped directly overhead making no sound at all.  While the first one remained stationary and the second one continued towards the first, the first one dimmed and became smaller to about the size of the stars out at the time.  Then the first one vanished compl! etely. Meanwhile, the second one while still moving also dimmed down to a smal star sized object and completely vanished as well.  While all that was going on further in the distance a third object following along the same path caught my attention as well.  The third object was orange as well but different than the other in that it appeared to have an orange energy field surrounding it making it much brighter.  The main part being what seemed about the same bright orange as the first two objects, and the surrounding orb surrounding it a much lighter shade of orange.  This energy field that I call it made the third object 4-5x bigger than the main center object that it was surrounding.  The third object never came as far south as the other two so my view of it was not as close.  It may have been as far away as five miles to the NW when it reversed its direction and started traveling back in the direction from where it had come from.  Then it too faded down to a tiny orange object,  like the others and vanished as well.   Hamilton is in a valley that sits at an elevation of around 3,500ft with surrounding mountains between 8,000-10,000ft.  I would guess that these objects had to be over 10,000ft in elevation or higher.  None of them made any sound that I could hear and it is very quiet here on a Sunday night with almost zero wind at the time.;46.2433000000001;-114.1678
