Bar shaped light with lit ends hovering in Niagara Falls for at least 30 minutes with darting small light;2009-11-10 06:15:00;30 minutes;Bar shaped light with lit ends hovering in Niagara Falls for at least 30 minutes with darting small light I was on Stanley & Murray St by the new Casino along with other witnesses in the area watching it. The object was there from when I arrived around 6:15, watched for 30 minutes, rushed home to get camera, came back it was only there for 30 second more so I captured nothing on video. There were MANY witnesses looking up and staring and commenting, some screaming saying  OMG what is that etc. I noticed at least 5 witnesses and talked briefly to a few people about it. It was almost STRAIGHT up in the sky as after the clouds went away a bit I noticed it was in the area of W Cassopia. It FLASHED when the Casino spot lights hit it, just like the previous youtube video's from the end of October of this year, but those video's had only 1 small light, this had 2 IDENTICAL lights and a longer one in between them. I could not make out anything when the spotlights were not hitting it as there was cloud cover and it was already night. It looked like it was just above the clouds, quite high, 1000 feet for sure, about 2 inches long&#65279 at arms length. VERY bright, was in a straight line time facing NNW. The light was white with a tinge of blue, light itself was the straight like a bar bell with 2 lights on the end. IT had a smaller light on each end of the bar that were identical in shape. There was a light, then a small space then light. This composed the SMALL light at each end. Then there was the middle BAR light which was about 5x the length of the small end lights. Had a middle longer bar then the light like the video again in a straight line. Since it was there for about 30 minutes or more as I was watching it, I was hoping it might be there for a while longer, so I rushed home to get a camera and my Night Vision Monocular. When I got back, it was there for only about30 seconds more, I couldn't even set up the camera to take any video then it disappeared. I waited until after 9:20pm to see if it would come back but I didn't see it anymore. Just before 9pm, still looking in the area of the sky where it was using my Night Vision Monocular, I suddenly saw a DOT just like a small star moving in a straight line and immediately thought it was a Satellite as I have spent countless nights star gazing and see satellites every 5 minutes sometimes which is nothing unusual. This light however  stopped going straight, slowed down smoothly, but quickly, and turned, started flying around that area with incredible speed and maneuverability, it's very difficult to describe the type of movement...it was FAST, reactive, but still smooth flying, not like a bug or bird or anything I've ever seen....keep in mind I've star gazed for decades, have owned numerous telescopes, so I'm familiar with what I can see out there, this was like nothing I've ever seen. This point light looked to be very high as it was in FOCUS with the stars, anything very close would be out of focus on my Night Vision as it's manual adjusted focus so it had to be quite distant. This light then darted off in a straight line after the maneuvers, and the lights from the street and buildings flared up the Night Vision and I couldn't view it anymore as there were street lights everywhere.  The whole time I was yelling out that's impossible etc, I couldn't contain myself.;43.0846993902439;-79.1018554878048
Aircraft with pinkish pulsating light travelling in straight line.;2012-07-01 23:00:00;30-40 seconds;aircraft with pinkish pulsating light travelling in straight line. Just before turning in I went outside to look around as I will often do.  Full moon that night, warm and quite bright out.  I spotted a small pinkish light heading my way from the northwest. I assumed it was a helicopter.   It approached in a perfectly straight line and did not appear to be travelling too fast but of course I couldn't gage the height of it,so could only guess at the speed.  Maybe 150 mph? It looked to be only a few hundred feet above my house as it passed over.   The light was brighter pink by now and appeared to pulsate slightly almost like it was a burning ball.   I could just barely make out the shape of the thing and think I could see a missle or cigar shape with no wings or rotors visible.  The light on the underside more or less obscured the actual craft.   I strained to hear any sound and I may have heard a very faint hissing sound as it passed over.  It continued in a straight line to the southeast and eventually dissappeared in the night sky.   I will add I've never see anything like this before and have seen countless helicopters and aircraft large and small over the years.;43.0846993902439;-79.1018554878048
