I did NOT see a UFO ship. I saw what I feel was a UFO set of persons. My horse was a foal at the time and I was leading him (like walki;2006-06-15 00:00:00;5 minutes;I did NOT see a UFO ship. I saw what I feel was a UFO set of persons. My horse was a foal at the time and I was leading him (like walking a dog) to increase his comfort with people and other animals and noise. He was pretty comfortable and we walked in this place often. All of a sudden he and my dog went on alert. I thought it probably a black bear (we have them around). However, I saw something very strange. The best way I can discribe what I saw sounds silly. It looked like two long, really skinny, frogs standing on two straightened out legs - upright. I tried to make sense of what I was seeing telling myself it was two snakes standing up straight or something. When the two frog things bent over and picked up something (and I saw they had arms) that seemed like it was like a bucket. They both lifted it - looked at me and turned and walked into the woods. Despite the fact the dog was barking and my horse was acting up and rearing and pulling and naying - I walked a little forward trying to figure out what I was REALLY seeing. I saw the grass moving as they walked through it. The one turned and looked at me again - and at that point I was literally dragged back by my horse who broke free and ran all the way back to the barn followed by our border collie.  My phone book is Kecksburg, but I have never been a UFO person. When I was very young I lived in Montgomery, NY and saw a craft of some sort with my Mother, but we always thought it was an airforce craft. Occasionally we have a odd thing go on with sound here, it becomes VERY, quiet and sound carries in a very odd way and we hear some sort of odd noises. It is quite rural. I think I believe in other types of phenomena, but not UFO's. I would like to know what it is I saw. I have not seen it again and both the dog and the horse get worked up in that spot. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.1166;-79.4112
