Sphere passess over apears then disapears;1999-07-26 15:00:00;2.5 minutes;Sphere passess over apears then disapears Clear day no clouds sun was setting. I was facing East repairing the roof from the top of a ladder. It passed south west to south east in a perfectly staight line. It was unusual because it seamed to appear out of thin air. I remember that got my attention. I decided to study it and not take my eyes off. As it passed over I noticed the sun was reflecting off the surface of the object, without that sun being at that angle at that time of day it would have reflected its surroundings and dissapeared as it did a few minues later when my viewing angle changed from the proximity of the sun and the craft. I could almost be certian that there would be very few different angles that you would see the object. The reflective qualities alloud me to observe what was imediately on the other side of the craft. I determined that this quality of stealth reflection could only be achieved if the craft was a perfect sphere. The extra light from the sun gave shape to the object. The farther it moved from my position the more faded the suns reflection became, until it was gone, but I still new it had to be there. That was really frustrating. I new it was close enough that I should still be able to see it. It wasn't like a plane that you see how far you can watch it for. It wasn't even close to being that far away. I also remember being extemely exited a few months later when I saw some clear close up footage on TV from mexico (A Sphere) thats all I needed to see to know I'm not nuts. I think they are totally hidden if its cloudy. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));49.1257968438533;-122.805839202657
Silvery sphere buzzes jet aircraft, suddenly stops and hovers;1999-08-21 12:00:00;about 5 minutes;Silvery sphere buzzes jet aircraft, suddenly stops and hovers About noon, I was on my balcony enjoying the sunny weather and clear cloudless skies when I heard a jet approaching off to the right. We are almost directly beneath a southeastern approach corridor to Vancouver International Airport. I looked up to watch the passing commercial passenger jet, which was heading northwest about a thousand feet or so above. I suddenly noticed a strange light, which seemed to suddenly zip in front of the jet, before coming to a sudden stop. As it moved through the air, it left  what looked like a vapor trail that almost instantly disappeared. I thought that the movement seemed very strange, and continued to watch the light, but it did not seem to move, or only moved slightly, as the jet passed by. I believe that the jet was beneath the light when it passed it. My estimate is that if the object at the same or higher elevation than the jet, then it was probably traveling at a velocity of about one thousand miles per hour when I first noticed it, before coming to an instantaneous stop. I rushed inside to get my binoculars, and when I returned, the object was still there. I focused on it and discovered the object was actually shaped like an orb, although I seem to recall that it looked slightly flattened in the vertical dimension. It had a pronounced  metallic or pearly luster. The outer edges had a reddish color. The brighter, more reflective center seemed more like a silvery gold color. It was hard for me to guess at the height of the object, as I had no real reference point - other than the passing jet. I reasoned to myself that maybe it was a type of balloon, even if its initial movement did not seem to indicate this. The object did not seem to rise, as you would expect from a balloon. It did start to move, in a sort of random manner until it was finally hidden behind a nearby tree and I lost sight of it. I probably observed it for a period of about five minutes.;49.1257968438533;-122.805839202657
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Three colored spheres.;2003-02-15 10:30:00;approximately 30 minutes;Three colored spheres. Number of witnesses: 3  Number of objects: 3  Shape of objects: spheres email report:  I was standing in the back of the house. It was a clear morning and when I sat down to take a load off my feet I looked up to stretch my neck. I stayed like that for a bit until I realized that I was seeing something really strange. I would say that at over 60,000 feet or higher there were three spheres separating and then criss-crossing each other.  I then called to my wife and Mom to see if they could see the same thing, and they did. I wasn't imagining it, it was so spectacular that I phoned the university of British Columbia and reported it but I never heard back from them so you are the second person that knows about it now. Thanks for listening to me.  Additional Information:  I telephoned the witness back as I wanted to gather more information on the sighting these folks had back in July of 2003. What I was told was certainly interesting. In the original report which is above, the date was left out at the time the sighting report was filed, mainly because the witness was not sure when the event took place. The fellow did ask his mother as she kept a diary of some of the interesting things which take place in her life and the sighting they all had was one of these important dates to write down.  Video footage was taken of the objects. He said that there were three spheres, silver, red and green all traveling together. As the colored spheres passed by the silver object it was reflected, or the silver colored sphere changed color briefly to the color of the passing sphere. The witness said it was like a mirror image to whatever was happening around it. He said after a while the objects separated, heading off in different directions. One headed in a north-easterly direction, the other towards the west and the final sphere heading south-east.  I then talked with the gentleman's wife who gave me a good description of what she saw. The lady said she was taking her mother out when her husband called to her to come and look at the strange objects he was observing. Her first thoughts when she noticed them, was of a jet aircraft, but after watching them, she soon decided it couldn't be aircraft she was seeing. The woman said they watched the spheres for approximately 30 minutes before they finally disappeared.  She said the first sphere was silver. It looked like a shiny surface with the sun reflecting off it. Also it was noted that the silver sphere was the largest of the three. The second sphere had a reddish hue to it and the third was greenish in colour. They were unable to look at the objects for any length of time due to the brightness of the day. The lady told me she could clearly see the red sphere move towards the silver one and went behind it and disappeared. The green one also did the same thing. Eventually both of the colored spheres came out from behind the larger silver sphere and moved around the sky. The silver sphere did at times sit stationary in the sky and the colored object did the moving around. This witness said the colored spheres would at times travel down on an angle both apart from one another and that move back up towards the silver sphere. The colored spheres traveled back and forth many times to the silver object and from different directions.  What puzzled the witness, was when the objects moved off in different directions as they left their sight. They figured the wind would have carried them all in the same direction. When the objects finally were leaving the area they did so quickly.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Phone 1 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for submitting this report.  PD));49.1257968438533;-122.805839202657
An object was following a single engine plane and split into multiple objects and disappeared.;2012-02-13 19:00:00;4 seconds;An object was following a single engine plane and split into multiple objects and disappeared. Hello, I would like to provide a detailed report of a sighting of which I personally witnessed in the year of 2012, and the month of February, from the province of British Columbia Canada, in the city of South Surrey B.C. about 5 minutes from the blaine border crossing. I do not have a precise date of this event, but I can cay that it was night time, around 8:00 p.m. P.S.T. I was sitting at my computer watching videos on YouTube, when I looked to my left out my window, and saw a small single engine plane, traveling northeast below the plane was a bright gold colored object not unlike a star.  The object appeared to be following the plane at approximately three to eight hundred feet below the aircraft.  The object accelerated at an incredible speed ahead of the plane, then reversed at a slightly slower speed.  The object then accelerated at a fantastic rate of speed, and within an almost imperceptible period of time, split into about five separate objects of the same bright gold color and disappeared in less than one second.   This event lasted about 4 seconds at the most.  I can say that I do not believe this was a reflection, satellite, or a shooting star, of which I have personally seen many.  Its behavior was unique. Respectfully,   ((name deleted));49.1257968438533;-122.805839202657
