Orange Orbs over Lake Erie;2007-06-01 19:00:00;Several minutes;Orange Orbs over Lake Erie June 1, 2007  -  Bay Village Friday evening June 1, 2007.  I out with friends in their boat about 50 yards directly off Huntington Beach in Bay Village, Ohio.  Very hot and sunny evening...perfect for hanging with friends and being on the water.  Around seven o'clock an orange orb with a slight shimmer to it appeared directly off the coast, heading directly north.  It was moving at about the speed of a slow plane though at a definite lower altitude that any plane.  My friends were pretty shocked as was I...this thing just appeared right over us with tons of people on the beach and in the water in their boats/swimming etc.  Considering the direction it came form, it must have flown directly over the city of Bay Village.  The size of it seemed rather large, maybe the the size of a small plane...though it was definitely not a plane and definitely not a Chinese lantern.  It also made zero noise. It moved in a straight line with purpose, not floating lazily about the sky.  We were all kind of surprised to say the lea st, though I did not notice the reactions of other people as we were all staring at the orb. About two hours later just as it was getting dark yet another orange orb popped up right off the shore, similar to the other one and made the same flight path north.  A friend got this one on camera and put the video up on a now defunct file sharing page called put file. The video essentially showed an orange ball on a black background.  The orb had a slight shimmer to it ...it was not just a solid looking object.  The shimmer was kind of what you would see off of a hot road during a summer day.  I was pretty much blown away...two UFO's in one night!  June 3, 2007  -  Sheffield Lake   Two night later, the following Sunday my brother comes running into my room saying he sees my UFO outside.  Thinking he's just excited form my tale the previous night, I reluctantly got out of bed and sure enough the exact same orange orb, this time going west right along the lake coast as if heading to the Domonkas library in Sheffield lake.  I live down the road from the lake and this thing was visible right above the trees.  After moving west at a rather slow and leisurely speed, the orb stopped and shot several multicolored light from the bottom of it, blinked several times and went dark.  My brother says he could still see the shape of the object after it blinked out, though I can't remember that myself.  I've watched quite a few videos on you tube of orange orb phenomena and the light being shot or dropped out is something I've never come across before.  Truly a unique experience, and we were both pretty blown away at what we saw. since this thing was directly over the lake, I thought for sure many others would have seen it.  Anyone walking the Lorain Pier or out on their boats had to have gotten a glimpse of this thing, though there was no mention in the paper or local news.  Of course, I was a witness and did not report anything until eleven years later so I'm sure others did the same.  Whether this was ET or man made who knows whatever it was it was an awesome sight, and something I'll never forget.;41.4851999999999;-81.9292
At 9:30 pm on 12/12/25 in bay village , ohio I saw a reddish orange light go from ENE to WSW at lower aircraft altitude.;2012-12-12 21:35:00;1.5 minutes;At 9:30 pm on 12/12/25 in bay village , ohio I saw a reddish orange light go from ENE to WSW at lower aircraft altitude.  It was not an helicopter or small plane and no jet engine sounds.   Just thought it was a very strange sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is flawed.  We assume that the witness implies a date of 12/12/2012.  PD));41.4851999999999;-81.9292
