Come and watch for yourself! (Venus??);2004-07-31 03:05:00;1 hour to 4am;Come and watch for yourself! This mourning at approx 3am I saw in the northeastern sky a very bright light that is the second encounter I have had with this object, last time I reported to Fairchild Airforce base at 5 am in the mourning the following My son Ryan and myself watched a bright light that at first I believed to be a planet but then I relized it was stationary with a beam of light from the oject in the sky to the ground. We pulled over on our dark country road as we live in farm country where its very dark, turned off my truck and watched for an half hour the first time with ryan, last night by myself an hour. Now the first time after about 30 minutes of viewing the brite object it started moving towards us, we both looked at each other and were in total disbelief, we were questioning each other if we were seeing the same? I being afraid of nothing due to being in heavy combat at 18 in Vietnam got out of my truck, as did Ryan, but we both watched fixed on this now moving object. The object moved directly over us, it was like a triangle but huge, I mean very huge, there appeared to be a lite area where we saw figures, but could not identify origin. Peter, I reported to fairchild and you should of heard the phone ringing, he rushed me off. This craft made no noise, it stopped, we had a look like the guy who was beamed aboard in the woods of oregon while logging. This morning it was there again but I feel asleep watching it, we have many weird things going on here, better take statements. My Son is now in th USAF, the event changed his life. I am a retired Marine recon and a Law Enforcement captain, so you are not being fed bs, in fact my religous beliefs have taught against this stuff. I will be awake again tonight watching. This is big! ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses may have been looking at Venus.  PD));47.4949;-117.5789
Several white triangular objects in the sky above our meadow, way too high to be birds;2012-06-28 16:00:00;five minutes;Several white triangular objects in the sky above our meadow, way too high to be birds My brother and grandson called me to come outside to look at something strange in the sky.  Very high up above our meadow were 20 (maybe more) triangular objects.  They kind of looked like birds from a distance, but birds don’t fly that high.  One by one, they “flew” off toward the south.  I took a picture of them, but you have to enlarge it in order to see the objects.;47.4949;-117.5789
I was multiplaying with my friend online, talking to him on the phone. My dad yelled to me saying there was something weird outside and;2014-09-19 20:00:00;3-6 minutes;I was multiplaying with my friend online, talking to him on the phone.  My dad yelled to me saying there was something weird outside and I should look at it.  I went downstairs and I saw two lights traveling very slowly, if at all.  I told my friend to look out his window, and he was like HOLY COW!.   Then one craft appeared to go under the other one and then one started to go to the north, the other one going 330* west.  Then one flew almost directly over us, and it appeared to have lights in an isosceles triangle shape. It had no sound but they were pretty close to us.  Strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.4949;-117.5789
