hovered and had amazing speed;1996-06-01 20:00:00;?;hovered and had amazing speed We were driving to Springbank in a Yellow Dodge 2500 after a day of chopping firewood, we had to go to springbank so (M) could get changed as we were on our way out to (M's) house the next thing we knew the radio turned off and we must have been going 80Kmh and this object came right next to the passenger door where I was sitting and seemed to hover for what seemed minutes but only seconds, I really dont feel comfortable talking about this to a web page that I have no Idea is even going to be read. I am more than willing to tell whomever wants to know the story but I would like someone to E-mail me and then that way I can tell my story of this odd thing that I saw This has not been mentioned too much but just between a few friends and it is quite interesting and I feel that it's about time that I came out and told it to someone, so if you do want to hear about this event please E-mail me. thanks;51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
Bright ball of light seen flying above us no more than 50 feet away in Calgary Alberta.;2002-02-17 18:41:00;3-5 seconds;Bright ball of light seen flying above us no more than 50 feet away in Calgary Alberta. I was playing basketball out in Abbeydale this evening and it was getting dark. It was quite cloudy and you coudlnt see any stars. I was with 2 other friends, and I passed the ball to one of them for him to shoot. As I did, i turned the other way and looked at my friend who was looking up. I looked up as well and saw a white ball of light that was gliding across the sky with such perfection. This lasted for about 3 seconds, and then the light seemed to fade away really quick, as if the light scattered across the sky. I have seen meteor showers, and this looked nothing like it. Whats scarey is that It was so cloudy, that if this ufo was above the clouds we would not see it. I could tell that the object was no more than 50 feet above us when if flew by. The way it moved is undescribable. It moved in a straigh line, but with perfection. It was so bright, but did not have a tail behind it. It was so close to us though, and it did not make any noise as it floated across. Whats also very wierd is that there is a sighting posted by a man from Calgary in the January section on this sight. His sighting is very similar to ours, and whats really odd is that he saw it exactly one month before we saw ours. (His sighting occured January 17th, ours was February 17th) One other thing I should add is , the reason I have the exact date AND time of the sighting is because my cell phone rang as soon as we witnessed the object, and my phone recorded the time and date of the call.;51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
Observed sun reflecting off object following behind and to the right of commercial aircraft in Canada.;2002-11-01 16:45:00;1-2 minutes;Observed sun reflecting off object following behind and to the right of commercial aircraft in Canada. Learned of your site tonight listening to Coast To Coast-  This occurred sometime in November or December of 2002. Driving home from work on the Trans Canada Highway on the western edge of Calgary proceeding west- I observed a commercial aircraft overflying Calgary at cruise altitudes proceeding west ahead of me.  The sun had just set below the horizon, however the sun was reflecting off the commercial aircraft and the vapor trail behind it.  The sky was bright blue, clear and this sight was very pretty.  At this point I noticed a reflection off an object slightly to the right and to the rear of the commercial aircraft. The reflection was also moving and was matching the speed of the commercial aircraft.  From my position driving my truck down the highway-the commercial aircraft and object were approx 45-50 degrees above the horizon and my estimations were that the object was at the same altitude as the commercial aircraft, approx 1000- 2000 ft behind it( less than a mile) The 2nd objects speed and distance remained constant for the duration. There was no vapor trail behind the 2nd object, and the commercial aircraft did emmit a vapor trial 3-5 miles long.  As they proceeded westbound the reflections changed slightly  - and I was left with the impression the object was much smaller than the commercial aircraft and was spherical in shape.   Eventually as they proceeded westbound they dropped below my feild of view ( Large hill just west of Calgary ) I have a 25 year background in aviation including over 5000 hrs of flying and found it very odd to have two aircraft flying formation and to have only one emitting a vapor trail at such altitudes. My hobbies include astronomy and following the USA Space Programs and I am familiar with Planets-satilites- the Space Station -Shuttle re-entry  and most things which we see in the sky.  This was something very different than I had observed before. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
2 bright objects in the sky hovering and signaling each other.;2004-02-09 20:30:00;30min;2 bright objects in the sky hovering and signaling each other. clear night, Two bright objects in the S.W. sky a fair distance from each other . the objects seemed to flicker one object seemed to be rotating, it had orangy red and white lights the other was bright and white and just hovered they seemed to be signiling each other. the orangy red and white object was very far away in the sky the white lighted one was closer After about 30 min another ball of light appeared out of no where parallel to the bright whiteobject and was getting closer it was a jet plane with flickering stroby type lights and I saw a yellowinsball of light zoom over top the aircraft then the bright white object disappeared. the orangy red object was very far away by now but seemed to be mobeing away slowly. ((NUFORC Note:  We believe that celestial bodies, possibly twinkling stars, would be the first possibility that would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that the witness had observed a genuine UFO.  PD));51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
2 foot  ball of solid yellow light  passed me four feet away and six feet off the ground.no sound or heat;2005-03-05 17:30:00;2 minutes;2 foot  ball of solid yellow light  passed me four feet away and six feet off the ground.no sound or heat I was driving down a highway on my way home and saw this ball of light coming down the middle of the road.  At first I thought It was a motorcycle head light in the distance. When it got closer, I slowed down to let it go by because it was right on the yellow line.  When it was about 100 meters or better I saw that it was just a ball of light and nothing else. It passed me about six off the ground and was just a sphere of light about the size of a large medicine ball about two feet in diameter. I watched it in my mirror as it disappeared down the road. I slowed down to about 50 KPH (30MPH) and it maintained its speed. It wasn't moving very fast maybe 100 KPH (60MPH).  I looked for reasons such as on coming traffic or lights from any where. There was nothing in the sky ,it was daylight and there were no other vehicles coming my way or behind me.;51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
Orange like sphere flying around eratically right over 17 AVE (lower mount royal area);2007-07-24 00:00:00;2 min;Orange like sphere flying around eratically right over 17 AVE (lower mount royal area) Looking up to the sky at around 12:00 am to see a small cloud off my balcony in Lower Mount Royal, and from under the cloud I saw a (one) small bright orange sphere which I thought was a satellite until it moved(out of what looked like a orbit) and then looped, it almost felt like it sensed I saw it because it was moving fairly straight until I noticed it about 5-8 secs later it started moving eratically and went around in fantastic speed a maneuver pulling more G's than anything we have and flew over top of my apartment out my visabilty, probably at a altitude of 30000-50000 ft.  I'am wondering if a strong laser pen light could have produce this phenomen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
Four spherical orbs seen high in the sky, including 4 tiny white craft fly from one of the orbs.;2011-06-17 14:00:00;45min/1 hr;Four spherical orbs seen high in the sky, including 4 tiny white craft fly from one of the orbs. On or around the 17 of june, 2011, I went out for a jog in my native city of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.  As I was running in a park in Calgary in a park called centanary park, I happen to notice the police helicopter conducting some sort of patrol manouvere.  I could tell that they were because the sound of the blades was louder, slower and the movement of the helicopter was in a sideways positon, as to look down to the ground. I stopped to observe it for a little while. As I was watching it, I remember noticing that when I looked at the rudder, in the distance I noticed these two objects in the sky, being stationary (this diverted my attention away from the helicopter, obviously!)  Eventually, these two objects began to slowly move away from each other.  One went north from me, and the other flew south towards me. I remember distinctly telling myself in my mind, &quot I will observe both of them, back and forth, until I lose sight of one of them.  So, back and ! forth my eyes darted from one to the other until I lost sight of the one moving north of me. I still kept my eyes on the one that was moving south, and now almost moving directly over me. What I remember from this object was how slow it moved across the sky.  It also could stop in mid air and linger or hover. I noticed that it was very high in the sky - I can say that they were in the cloud range of the cirrus clouds. I also noticed that the object was spherical in shape, and that the fuselage was a relective shiny, or silverish material. Now, this is the part were it gets weird. I had noticed all these things from this one object because it had come almost directly over me, and its movement was slow. When it had come to a halt over me, I noticed - out of thin air - a spherical orb object, reflecting the sun aswell, being red in color, appear out of no where ! I was stunned, in shock and utter disbelief ! This would be the third object I had observed so far: the first one flying north and being lost to distance and clouds. Anyhow, I sat in shock, wondering what these two objects were ? I remember seeing birds fly around the area of sky I was looking up at, and this gave me some perspective on the objects. This is where the first shiny metallic orb started to move in a North Easterly way. I kept watching it, and the new red one as much as I could. Eventually I lost sight of the Silverish shiny metallic one in clouds in the North Eastern sky. The reddish shiny orb had not moved since it first appeared out of th! in air to the left of the silverish shiny orb. This is around the time when I noticed a second reddish shiny orb was in the sky to the right of me or in the Eastern part of the sky. I do not know if this one had simply crept up to that position or if it had simply appeared there like the first red one ( or the last one I had obeserved of the four ) Now, here is another observation I noticed from these objects that left me dumbfounded in utter disbelief. Before I go into the detail of what I saw from the red object, I want to state that: if I had not have looked and watched the police helicopter in that first instance, I would not have noticed the first two objects in the sky simply because they were really high in the sky, tiny and one would have to be actively searching the sky to see them. Anyway,  out of  the first reddish shiny object I observed, ( or third witnessed by me ) 4 tiny whitish looking objects, and I mean tiny, much tinyer than the 4 objects seen, came out o! f the first reddish shiny object and they flew towards the sec! ond ( or fourth one seen ) object. like I said, these 4 little craft were whitish, and I compare them to sperm because they had a tail or left a tail and there movement is like that of human sperm. I was shocked to see them and did not know what they were, but they moved across the sky towards the second reddish shiny orb. I do not know if they entered the orb or if they simpy continued beyond it. This is the part of of my memory that gets somewhat hazy. I don't remember what happened to the first reddish shiny object, but I remember that the second one I saw - the one that I did not notice where it came from or the fourth one that I saw - but I do recall it now moving slowly. At one point, I lost view of it  because it flew over clouds but then it appeared again. This is the point, I remember, where I began to start following it and I moved for the first time in about 45 min to an 1 hour after first seeing the initial two. As I crossed the bridge, I noticed a man with a camera and he was taking pictures of a couple. I felt soo compelled to tell them of my experiece, but I feel as if they were not interested. I continued to follow the object, I walked on the bike path, and then another person, a man, came by and I told him and even pointed to the reddish shiny object. He could not see it and I remember him saying something to rationalize what it could be I was &quots! eeing&quot. Soon after this, I recall seeing the final of the four objects I had seen this day, not including the four minute craft that came out of the third or first reddish shiny object. It looked to be getting smaller in the sky, as if it were rising in altitude, and then I simply lost sight of it due to the amount of clouds. This is my encounter of the first kind with UFOs - Unidentified Flying Objects.;51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
Very high silver sphere moving very slowly beside the sun during the day (around 20 people watching with me).;2013-06-28 13:20:00;5 minutes;Very high silver sphere moving very slowly beside the sun during the day (around 20 people watching with me). It was the final day before summer break for my colleagues and I (teachers). We had a  bbq get together at work on June 28, 2013 at 1 PM.  We were sitting outside in the school courtyard as it was a nice and sunny day.  I was having a conversation with one of my colleagues, when I looked up towards the sun.  The sun was actually being blocked by the side brick wall of our building.  Right beside the sun, there was a silver sphere. It was quite small as it was very high up in the sky.  My colleague asked me what the heck I was looking at, and I pointed it to him. He saw it too.  I couldn't detect any motion at the time.  I got up and showed another colleague who was in the middle of a conversation with a few others.  She saw it.  Next thing I new everyone was looking up into the sky, with one hand up blocking the sun, and were all seeing this silver dot in the sky.  I ran into the building to get my phone and turn on the Skywalk app to see if it was Venus or possibly t! he ISS. I came back after about 20 seconds and the object was now to the left of the sun (it was to the right when i first saw it).  It still was not moving fast whatsoever. In fact, I thought it wasn't moving at all, and that's why I went to grab my phone...as I thought maybe I was looking at Venus (which would have blown me away seeing it in the day).  I checked Skywalk and it showed what was up there, but since the object moved, it certainly wasn't going to be Venus.  At this point my colleagues were concluding it was the ISS.  I explained that the ISS likely wouldn't be visible right next to the sun, and moves much much faster than this object and would be long gone by now. I would say the entire ordeal was about 4 or 5 minutes long.  Soon people lost interest and the bbq party continued and it was no longer visible. There is the chance that this was a weather balloon, but I have no way of knowing.  I just am not one to jump to major conclusions, but it was neat to see people's reactions and I was happy that I had between 20-30 people with me l ooking at the object at the time.  This obviously, eliminates anyone thinking I just have an over-active imagination.;51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
Orange white object traveling at extreme speed west of Calgary, Canada.;2014-09-12 22:15:00;2 minutes;Orange white object traveling at extreme speed west of Calgary, Canada. A round orange white sphere was seen traveling  North to South just above the horizon.  The object traveled at an extremely high speed in a straight line without stopping or slowing down.   The speed of the object was faster than any thing I have ever seen and could not have been any known man made object.  It made no sound of any kind.;51.0349887480189;-114.073320760698
