Craft shone bright white lights for an hour or so into house from above - Telluride, CO.;2016-05-07 03:20:00;45 minutes;Craft shone bright white lights for an hour or so into house from above - Telluride, CO. Background that may be relevant:  I live in a remote area outside of Telluride up in the mountains (around 10,000 ft elevation).  A few months ago I was SURE I had seen a disc-shaped UFO land with white lights land below the mountains that comprise our view out of the picture window in our living room.  At the time, I convinced myself otherwise and figured no one would have ever believed me.  It was gone before I could get a picture and I was sure I must have just mistaken a private airplane since there are folks in the area with them.  That being said, what I saw was NOT the shape or size of a private plane.  It was much larger (perhaps because it was lower than planes usually are) and completely NOT a plane's shape.  I kept this sighting to myself. Fast forward to last night at just after 3am.  I was alone with my toddler at home and was awoken by an insanely bright light being shone coming down into our house angled from above.  It was blinking on and off at a normal interval (for 3 seconds or so lights would be ON, 8 seconds they would be OFF).  It seemed to be coming from above the area in between our home and our neighbor's home which is actually the guest house on the property.  It was like my whole house was getting lit up by a flood light.  Because we live in the middle of nowhere on a mountain top, that amount of light is noticeable and jarring… This went on for about 45 minutes to an hour - pretty sure it was just hovering above our property or parked in the trees?? (I think - I was actually terrified and just put the covers over my head after walking around the house a bit and making sure doors were locked (as if that would matter, right??)). Because my husband is out of town, and I let my 4-year old son sleep in our room with me, I did not want to wake him or scare him and I was way too chicken to actually go out and look at the full shape of the craft (or get a picture - DUH!!), but I believe it is likely a craft like the one I saw before (disc-shaped with white lights on the bottom) based on the way the light was hitting our home and the one across the way. I cannot tell you how insanely BRIGHT the light was. All of the lights in our place were off and this lit the whole place up. I am regretting I didn't get a picture for proof, but I was actually a little worried about my safety because this thing was right outside our window above the house.  Whoever or whatever was in there would have definitely seen me and I did not want to see them!  We had our blinds shut in our bedroom save for a 2-3 inch crack at the very top which is why the light came in and was shining right on my face and woke me, but at the same time, I could not actually see the whole ship either (these are the kind of blinds that drop from the top of the window).  Our bedroom is the one room on the side of the house that the light was coming from but the light was hitting in through to our living and dining rooms as well. Not sure what else to say - I know I didn't fully see a UFO this time around (though I now believe I saw either this same craft or one like it a few months back), but I KNOW that I fully experienced it.  I can't wait for next time - I'll be ready and think to get phone or video then (if I don't completely freeze up and chicken out)!!! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she sounded to us to be quite sober-minded.  We asked whether the effects she describes above might have been caused by a sighting of Venus, and she was emphatic in assuring us that Venus could not have caused the flickering effect of light she witnessed in her home.  PD));37.9408;-107.8243
