LARGE DARK DISK SHAPED OBJECT  WITH VERY BRIGHT LIGHT SEEN IN DAYLIGHT-HAVE VIDEO PROOF;2003-11-30 12:45:00;3-5 MINUTES;LARGE DARK DISK SHAPED OBJECT  WITH VERY BRIGHT LIGHT SEEN IN DAYLIGHT-HAVE VIDEO PROOF About 12:45 pm my husband yelled for me to come outside, what I saw was shocking and disturbing a very large, dark colored disk shaped object was hovering in the sky just south of my home. The object seemed to move in all directions(swoop from side to side and upside down) at times it looked as if it were floating then it would very quickly and smoothly fly further south and then come back. At one point the object seemed to be on it's side with the top facing us while in that position a very bright white light came from the object. After a couple minutes the object slowly moved further up and further south, my husband ran in to get the camcorder and shot approx 15-20 seconds of footage before the object was blocked by trees and no longer in view. We have shown the footage to several people all were shocked and believe what they saw was a UFO.;41.0583;-96.3937
Film is seen by who knows how many hundreds of people and is  considered to be authentic & has been determined that it is not a Hoax.;2003-11-30 12:45:00;2-3 Minutes;Film is seen by who knows how many hundreds of people and is  considered to be authentic & has been determined that it is not a Hoax. It needs to be noted that the film shows exactly as what is described.  I have seen the film also, many others have too.  It is not mentioned but needs to be - from what I heard and understand, this film was sent into an agency (unknown) for authentication & analysis.  I beleave the couple got the tape (or a copy of) back in February or March of 2003.  The determination was that the film & the object in the film were not staged and is not a hoax but in fact is (1) one of best footage's taken of an actual UFO.  It was also mentioned that this footage is being considerd to be possibly the best footage ever filmed of an authentic Unidentified Aircraft hoovering.  How am I able to back this report??? Because the film was on all 4 Local News Channels for the evening news.  I understand that it actually  made National & had made International News. It was not shown on TV until the tape got returned, I will try to find a copy of the News Clip Arhive - otherwise websites for 2 of the sites are WOWT.com & Omahachannel.com ((ADDENDUM FROM ORIGINAL WITNESS)) CORRECT LINK  Here is the link to the Ashland Nebraska UFO  http://www.ufocasebook.com/ashlandnebraska.html ((NUFORC Note:  We have viewed the footage on several occasions, and although the object is interesting, I do not believe that we can conclude yet that it is a genuine UFO.  It might be a balloon, being carried by the prevailing wind, but that is only a guess.  PD));41.0583;-96.3937
