A Whitish/Orange Light in the sky made no sound as it traveled overhead.;2009-02-25 20:25:00;35-40 minutes;A Whitish/Orange Light in the sky made no sound as it traveled overhead. I don't know if anyone has reported this or not. Wednesday Feb. 25, 2009 I live in Ridgely, MD (Eastern Shore)  On the way home from my 2 daughters' dance class (8:25 PM), we saw a strange light in the sky. At first it didn't seem to be moving.  I pulled into the drive way and stopped about halfway down, opened the window, and turned down the radio to see if I could hear anything.  I could not hear any sounds other than the car engine. I parked the car and we went inside. I pulled out my Binoculars, went to the back porch and proceeded to watch the object. There were no visible flashing lights on the object.  It was a very bright whitish/orange and traveling at a steady speed in a North/Northwesterly direction. I observed aircraft pass over my house and in the distance, all with the telltale flashing lights. This object was considerably brighter than any light on an aircraft.  Too contrast, I witnessed an airplane pass under the object, in relationship to the horizon, and could easily see the flashing lights. I went inside and brought out our telescope to get a closer look at the object. I could not make out any visible edges, only light. The object seemed to pulse but never left it's course. My youngest daughter and I watched it until it vanished over the horizon. As a clarification: We live on one of the flight paths used by Dover AFB. We have seen combat helicopters, regular helicopters, Chinooks, A-10s, F-16s, and C130s pass over. Growing up, I lived near Andrews AFB, and we have a small airfield on the outside of town (about 4 miles from me) and Easton airport to the south, So I have a lot of experience with identifying aircraft. What we saw on Wednesday night wasn't anything I have ever seen before. I wish I had had the foresight to bring out a camera, but I wanted to identify the object first. (Next time I'll get the camera also);38.9597;-75.8813
