On the evening of February 6, 2020 around approximately 6:34 PM, I was driving Northbound on Interstate 25 near Milepost 124 South of S;2020-02-06 18:34:00;25 minutes;On the evening of February 6, 2020, around approximately 6:34 PM, I was driving Northbound on Interstate 25 near Milepost 124 South of Socorro, New Mexico. I noticed two orbs of white light to my 2 o'clock position at approximately 20 degrees above the horizon  closely circling each other, falling rapidly to the ground, then rising again. When the two light orbs rose again to approximately 20 degrees above the horizon again, the objects merged into a single, larger light orb. Object was visible in same position for approximately 5 seconds, then the light disappeared, but the outline of dark cylindrical object was in its place. The object was approximately 50-100 feet in width approximately 1/2 mile away from my position.  The object slowly moved towards the ground, at this time into the slightly lower, landscape East of Interstate 25. Object again illuminated on the ground for approximately 10 seconds, this time with two, smaller circular orbs circling around the main orb light. These objects rose to a point around 30 degrees above the horizon, but still about 1/2 mile away from my position.  The object was in front of light cloud cover dotting the valley floor. The two, smaller orbs then merged with the larger main orb and shifted into only two orbs of light.  The two objects then moved quickly in relative position to my 3 o'clock position, being again 20 degrees above my position. The two objects then merged into a single orb, and again moved rapidly to a 2 o'clock position  and 30 degree position relative to my vehicle.  At this time I photographed the single orb using my cellular phone. Orb then separated into two distinct orbs adjacent to one another.  At this time, too, I photographed the two, adjacent orbs.  The two orbs merged into a single light orb.  This was visible for ten seconds before light disappeared and one dark circular orb was seen in its place. Dark circular orb then became two distinct lit rectangles, with a small lit orb circling it.  The small lit orb became a lit rectangle, as well.  I was able to photograph this, as well. The lit orbs, subsequent merging, elevation and movement, and shape altering continued intermittently.  Orbs and rectangles would appear and disappear. Relative activity was now more to my three and four o'clock position at 20 degrees.  At this time I could no longer continue to safely drive and take photographs, and switched to my cellular phone video camera, trying to aim it in general area so I could drive. I continued recording as I drove Northbound Interstate 25 to the US Highway 380 San Antonio-Carizozzo Exit.  I pulled my vehicle over at the end of this exit off ramp and exited the vehicle. Two lit orbs were still visible to the South by approximately one to two miles at approximately 10 degrees above ground, relative to my 11 o'clock position.  I captured very poor and brief video of this, then these orbs disappeared from view.;34.0527;-106.8895
