Visit to Famous Socorro UFO Landing Site Lonnie Zamora;2016-05-06 14:32:00;1 hour;Visit to Famous Socorro UFO Landing Site Lonnie Zamora. During early May 2016, my family took a road trip involving visits to CA, AZ, NV and NM.  Of course, we wanted to visit Roswell and Socorro, NM, and we did.  Prior to our departure, I watched my documentaries and videos regarding the Lonnie Zamora UFO incident on April 24, 1964.  I was really fascinated with this case because Lonnie Zamora was a sworn police officer at the time of the incident which I believe makes his testimony and credibility noteworthy. A recent documentary video in particular caught my attention.  2 researchers who were working with Ray Sanford (I believe he arrived on scene April 29, 1964, and was able to perform an investigation with the assistance of Dr. James Allen Hynek) gave a presentation regarding up to date information obtained through continued research into this incident. In particular, was a claim that approximately 1 year after the incident, both Ray Stanford and Dr. Hynek returned to the landing site.  I believe I have seen a few pictures online confirming the same.  It is alleged that Ray Stanford took random snap shots of the area and many, many, years later discovered objects flying in the air  off in the distance.  It is my understanding Ray Stanford, at a later time when appropriate, may share those pictures with the public. While visiting the landing site which has been marked with rocks and a mural memorial to Lonnie Zamora, I decided to take some radiation readings and random photographs of the area. Nothing jumped out during the radiation testing but upon later examination we did discover an object in our photos that was not seen with the naked eye.  To confirm there was something in the air, I did use MUFON's free to the public image analysis tools.  While I am no expert, it does appear to verify we caught something in our photos.  The object appears to be metallic, grey colored and oval/round. In addition, prior to driving to Socorro we visited a Native American petroglyph site approximately 1 hour north.  We took many pictures of the drawings on the rocks.  After we discovered the object in our Socorro photos, we decided to more closely examine our petroglyph photos too.  It was then we discovered in 1 of the photos an object high in the sky that was not visible with the naked eye.  This object appears more oval/elliptical. We are not saying what we caught on our photographs is extraterrestrial in nature.  It could very well be a plane, bird, some sort of flying debris, etc.  However, it is worth noting that at no time did we hear any noise or observe any jet contrails in the sky.  These photos and videos were all taken with a Samsung Galaxy Note 5 mobile phone.  So we were surprised that we captured something with the limited capabilities of a mobile phone vs. a real camera or camcorder. I hope one day Lonnie Zamora's name is fully cleared and any doubt about his testimony will be put to rest.  RIP Lonnie!  If NUFORC would like copies of my digital photos and videos, I'd be more than happy to share them.;34.0527;-106.8895
