Silent flying rectangle with lit windows at dusk close to the ground out in the desert flying in the direction of White Sands;2003-09-15 17:50:00;Approx 1-2 minutes;Silent flying rectangle with lit windows at dusk close to the ground out in the desert flying in the direction of White Sands I don't remeber the exact time or day, but I was on my way home from work in Albuquerque, NM.  It was dark enough I could see a slight reflection from my dashboard console but still light enough my headlights were ineffectual.  I was about 15 to 20 minutes outside of Socorro, NM on southbound I-25 which is essentially in the middle of the desert.  I suddenly noticed something in the air off to my upper left.  It was close enough I could see the outlines of windows.  It was shaped like a rectangle with rounded corners and I saw no wings, props, etc.  It was proportioned like a candy bar.  It looked like it may have been indented around the middle, but I was unable to really focus on it as I was travelling at 80 mph.  The windows were rounded squares and the light coming out looked to be from an incandescent source (i.e. - it looked like the light that comes from residential homes' windows after dark.   slightly warm-looking or yellowish).  When I saw it, I realised I was able to see the windows clearly, but I could not hear it, nor did I hear it approach.  It seemed to be on a slighlty disconverging path with the interstate, travelling in a south east direction.  I kept glancing back to the road to make sure I wasn't going to hit anyone, but that stretch of highway is pretty deserted, so I was able to look at it several more times as it slowly pulled ahead and farther to my left.   There are several small road cuts which blocked my view of it's location in the sky for a few seconds (somewhere between 5-10) and when I could see that portion again, it was gone.   Absolutely gone.  For the rest of the drive, I kept an eye to it's presumed trajectory in the sky.  Suddenly I saw it again MILES from where it had been.  When I relocated it, it was a tiny speck, but I'm sure that was it.  It was in empty sky space (no towns, airplanes, etc.) and then it was gone again.  I'm not sure if it flew out of my line of sight, if I just couldn't see the lights anymore or if it just disappeared like it did behind the road cut.  I do know it was flying in the direction of White Sands.  A bit about me:  I'm a graphic designer and I am going back to school to get my geology degree, I have no history of hallucinations,  my husband is an engineer.  Every day for 18 months my commute to and from work took me directly under the flight path into and out of Kirtland Airforce Base, so I am famliliar with what jets that can move that fast sound like and look like in flight, in both day, night and dusk conditions.  One more thing I know, for 18 months, I cannot recall seeing aircraft flying the same flight path except for about a week or so after I saw it.   My final thought:  I don't know if what I saw was alien or not, but it did seem to stay close to the road longer than it need to, almost as if it wanted me to see it and get a pretty good look at it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));34.0527;-106.8895
Followed by at very close range, rectangular shape, orange lights approximately 75-85 mph;2010-02-01 04:45:00;5 minutes?;Followed by at very close range, rectangular shape, orange lights approximately 75-85 mph Highway 60 between Eager, Arizona and Socorro, New Mexico, February 1, 2010, Monday morning 4:30 am.  I find myself in a very desolate part of New Mexico on Highway 60 heading east.  I am on the road so early because I couldn't sleep, I am sure with anticipation of the very long drive to Denver ahead of me.  I have driven up to Eager Arizona to see a friend, stay the night and head out the following day.  It was suggested to take 60 because it's a much prettier drive than Interstate 40.  I had done that so many times, I could drive that in my sleep, a new route was in order.  However, because it was so very dark, I didn't see much.  The occasional fog patch and lone vehicle heading in the opposite direction.  I could see silouettes of the landscape and there was snow on the ground that dimly luminated my surroundings.  I was awake.  Very awake.  Just finished a large cup of coffee, listening to Sirius stand-up comedy (satellite radio) and driving very fast 75-85 mph.  I was alone on this road. Judging from some of the signs I had passed, I thought I was coming up on a small town and slowed down a bit.  I started to gain on a mini van and decided to hold back and not pass until we went through the town.  Being the kind of driver I am, I am constantly looking at my surroundings.  Both side mirrors, rear view mirror and of course, straight ahead.  Not coming up on any town and I start to think about passing the van.   I look in my driver side mirror and there is suddenly a vehicle directly behind me, only more toward the center of the two lane highway than in my lane.  As if it were thinking about passing me.  I'm thinking, what the...I did not see anything in the distance, had not gone around any curves, nothing obscured my view of several miles behind or in front of me.  I did not pass any roads either for somebody to get on to the highway.  My first impression other than how freakishly close it was to my tailgate, was that is was the grill of an older model 80's, boxy Chevy truck.  I never saw a truck, just what I have illustrated on my drawing.  It was directly, 3 - 4 FEET behind me.  We are traveling at maybe 75 mph. .. I'm thinking, pass me buddy.  I look in my rearview, see only the lights (not all of them), side view, looks like it wants to go around.  I move to the right to indicate he is cleared for passing. Look again, it's right on me, look forward to make sure I am not too close to the van which is at a very safe distance, then look back to see where it is.  It vanished.  I even slowed down to look behind me to see where it went, no dust from going off the road, we did not pass a road to turn (going to fast and it was far too close to me to make a sudden turn), there were no ditches, no tail lights behind...nothing.  Just gone. At the time, I wasn't thinking UFO, but I thought the grill was odd and the lights weren't the average color or placement. Why didn't I see the shape of  the truck I thought it was?  Why were the main headlights a soft orange and why was there more than one turn signal light? Honestly, I did not see the whole thing, just what I could see in my drivers side mirror at a very close range.  There is no way it could have come up so fast without me seeing it.  I was going very fast and was on the lookout..(I didn't want a ticket for speeding). After it was gone, my mirror was really dirty, foggy, I rolled the window down and tried to wipe it clean. It wouldn't clean up, just smear. AND, I felt a tremendous need to sleep. I could not keep my eyes open.  I rolled the windows down, thinking the cold air would keep me awake until the sun came up.  Didn't help so much.  I fought it and finally came upon a very small town just as the sun started to come up.  I pulled over, where there were several buildings and some activity and gathered my thoughts.  At first, I thought maybe it was a ghost truck, don't laugh.  I did think that.  Then as I drove on it occurred to me Roswell was just over the mountain range...really??  could it be??  It all really struck me as bizarre, the way it happened. The rate of speed, how it suddenly appeared, how close it was to my truck and the way the truck grill looked, not quite right..and, how it suddenly vanished. Do I report this?  If so, to who?  As I showered, I checked for any weird marks..you just never know.;34.0527;-106.8895
