Witnessed triangle shaped object with flashing lights and luminescent orb at 2:30 AM.;1988-07-02 02:30:00;20 minutes;Witnessed triangle shaped object with flashing lights and luminescent orb at 2:30 AM. Hello, I just listened to a radio interview with a gentleman from your organization on Coast to Coast AM.  As I never filed a sighting report when my incident happened, I was encouraged to file one now although my sighting is now twenty four years old.  Around 1:00 AM on a Saturday in July of 1988, I decided to travel home to Albuquerque, New Mexico for a long weekend from Las Cruces, New Mexico where I was attending New Mexico State University.  Having always been a night owl and very used to not going to bed until three or four in the morning, I decided to head for home.  The drive from Las Cruces to Albuquerque is about 230 miles traveling North on Interstate 25 and takes approximately three hours.  I was a little past two thirds of the way, North of Socorro, New Mexico, when I happened to notice bright flashing or blinking lights way off to the East and traveling South.  As I continued to drive, I could see that the lights began slowly moving from the East toward the West in my direction.  I thought that the lights were perhaps a large military aircraft that was banking to the right as Kirtland AFB was only about fifty miles North of my position. By this time, it was about 2:30 AM.  There was no South-bound traffic on Interstate 25 and only one vehicle behind me about a mile.  After about ten minutes, the blinking lights were very bright and very low, perhaps 1000 feet.  It was not long before they were only about ¼ of a mile ahead of me and beginning to cross over Interstate 25.  At this time I pulled my car over to the shoulder and got out of the car to watch the object.  Within a minute, the vehicle traveling behind me also pulled off to the side of the road to watch the object as well.  What we saw was almost beyond belief.  The object stopped its traveling motion and hovered motionless.  It was pitch black and appeared to have a triangular shape.  This was evident because it exhibited bright, flashing lights with each light flashing in unison very quickly.  The shape of the flashing lights was suggestive of a triangle.  Suddenly, all of the flashing lights went out and a round, bright hole appeared in the center of the shape.  A small luminescent ball appeared to drop from the center hole where it slowly moved off and away from the triangle shape.  It then appeared to flash away and was gone.  The light in the center of the triangle shape dimmed and the flashing lights started again.  The triangle object then began to continue to move off to the West and then South.  The gentleman from the other car and I were at a complete loss for words.  In fact, we were both overcome with an urge to get to a populated area as soon as possible.  Unfortunately, we did not exchange any contact information.  Thank you. Submitted from Denver, CO – June 2012 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.0527;-106.8895
Triangular shaped object seen over Socorro New Mexico;1996-04-20 00:00:00;50 sec.;Triangular shaped object seen over Socorro New Mexico Some friends and I were ordering some food at the drive through window of the local fast food restaurant. We were staying at a motel next door and had decided to just walk up to the window instead of going inside. It was already pretty late and we didn’t think they would mind. I placed my order and walked off to watch the cars go by as my friends placed their orders. I don’t know what made me look up maybe it was a sense of motion or movement that caught my eye. I looked up and I saw a dark triangle shaped object with three lighter shaded circles at each of the corners. The circles were not really lighter in color but maybe not as black. The object was just within the glow of the street lights being reflected off the street but not quite low enough to be fully illuminated. For some reason it seemed darker than the night sky above it. It moved at a very slow, deliberate pace as if not in any real hurry. It seemed like it was observing maybe. There was no sound either. It seemed to float or glide without any sound of any kind of propulsion. Whatever it was doing, it never increased its speed and slowly made its way down the street and disappeared into the dark. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.0527;-106.8895
object is not the average lil green thing,, more like we are about to learn stuff we might not want to know;2002-07-26 05:45:00;45 minutes;object is not the average lil green thing,, more like we are about to learn stuff we might not want to know same object observed as the one reported 06-19-02 @ 1900 in socorro but a bit further away. triangle in shape to the best that we could determine, lights fussed together as one but very distintly seperate ,, no movement for entire time,lights were , like the sun but white, nearly overpowering to watch for very long, object just  blinked out and was never seen again, (just a bit before sunrise)sky was cloudy but patchs of blue could be seen behind clouds,, to borrow from a sci-fie format  object looked like it just slipped into another demension with-out a trace of evedence to speak of,, object appeared to fly verticle,,,have always assotiated these things to fly,,appear as a disk on a horizontal plane,, but what we have seen both times indicate that our sighting fly's on a verticle plane as opposed to a horizontal axis,,New Concept ? mabey,,,,  and not just the way we observed them, ,,,,same typy of objects were sighted in deming 7-22-check out web sight www.rense.com for pix that are right on to our sightings, welcome feedback;34.0527;-106.8895
