Over the past 17 years ...by accident I've seen 3 UFO'S.....I believe they are real.;2000-09-11 18:00:00;5 minutes;Over the past 17 years ...by accident I've seen 3 UFO'S.....I believe they are real.  1)  My daughter and I were sitting on our front steps into our home just talking her day.  My daughter and I heard a plane come from back of home and proceed over head and was lower than the rolling cloud cover.  The red spot has much higher than the clouds over head. Not sure how much higher.  The jet liner we feel was between 2,000 and 3,000 feet on approach to airport about 20 miles away.....when I saw a red spot between cloud formations.  I squinted and a few times because I didn't recognize the object. Asked my daughter to look in same location in sky.  She seen it also.  It was completely stationary. We both stared at the red spot for about five minutes between clouds moving between our view of red dot object.  I told the daughter to go get the binoculars, so I could get a closer view to make an accurate description.  I kept my focused on object to make sure not to lose line of site while my daughter went to get the binoculars. Were so sure that we had the same spot in sky....but the red spot had disappeared after just a brief view.  We looked all over the sky between cloud formations with binoculars.  But didn't find the red object again.  There and then gone after five minutes, or so as fast as an can blink. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.2815;-93.4195
The wife and I were in the back yard of friends at a birthday party when I saw a jet plane once again on approach to airport about 20 m;2011-07-09 17:00:00;<5 minutes;The wife and I were in the back yard of friends, at a birthday party, when I saw a jet plane once again on approach to airport about 20 miles away.  I watched the jet plane fly over ahead for just a couple of minutes, following it with my eyes....  THEN as the plane was flying under the clouds, and it passed a clear opening in the sky, I saw that same stationary red spot spot in the sky at about the same altitude and location.  This time I got to see the spot up closer with friends' binoculars.  All I can say is, that it was high up in the sky.  It was red in color.   As I was focusing in, I got others to come take a look.  They tried to see what I was seeing. They said I was crazy. It was difficult to determine the size.  The red spot was above the clouds, which was much higher than the jet liner that was under the clouds.  The clouds were moving in front of the spot every minute or so, doing this a few times in less than five minutes.   No time to find a camera and didn't have a quality mobile device.  It started to move slowly, and then it was gone in a blink of an eye lid.  So fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));45.2815;-93.4195
