object over Vaudreuil - Quebec;2003-06-09 00:00:00;aprox 10 sec;object over Vaudreuil - Quebec Monday june 09 at about 11:50 PM, i was outside in my back yard watching the sky wen i saw this strange light, first i tought it was a shooting star it looked like it was coming straith down from the sky. But the further it came down i could see that the object was more then a shooting star, the descent of the light(object) lasted about 2 seconds and a half, after, the object stoped for about 3 seconds that's when i could see there was maybe 3 or 4 lights forming the object. i cant say at what altitude the object was but it was below the clouds,it really appeared from nowere and got thru the clouds, the lights wer orange and redish in colour. after the object stoped in mid air, it went south south east from my position it was about the same height of regular plane that lands in Montreal Dorval Airport, i live at about 30 km west from the airport. (The airport RADAR must have seen this on there screens)The object i saw crossed the path of regular planes that take a west to est direction to land at the airport. The object looked like a flat square, the lights wer not blinking they wer steady lights, it was a cloudy night but i could see patches of clear skies,it cant be a sattelite because i could clearly see it below the clouds. I was Facinated to see this maybe someone else saw it to, its really sad that it lasted only a couple of seconds. I was hoping that it would return but it never did. The object was smaller than a commercial airplane but not much.  Im forgetting details but its pretty much all there. if you could contact the montreal Dorval airport and check with the radar controlers you should get something. This is my first report on nuforc.  Have a good day. ((initials deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting also reported to Brian Vike in British Columbia, Canada, who spoke with the witness.  PD));45.4002037037038;-74.0398333333331
Not a UFO but a Strange being sigted;2005-10-26 21:30:00;30 seconds;Not a UFO but a Strange being sigted Hi, I am an undergraduate student at the University of McGill in the Faculty of Science.   I am writing to you about a very strange sighting I saw around my house about a year ago and that my younger brother saw October 26th 2005.  In the mid summer of 2004 I was driving home from work and it was around 12:00 in the morning. Living in a fairly rural area with fields and forests all my life I am accustomed to seeing the occasional deer, fox or if I am lucky Moose.  On that night I came around the corner of my street and saw in the light of my neighbours driveway two upright beings that stood at around 7-8 feet tall and did not appear to be clothed.  At first I thought it was my neighbours walking at night, but when I saw the height, I was surprised and the their walking movement was much different then that of a human being.  Consequently I was a bit nervous, but as I turned the corner and had them in full view they walked into my neighbour's driveway out of sight.  As I came by my neighbour's house the two beings were no where to be seen, there is a 16 foot cedar hedge and large overgrown field next to my neighbors that's where I think they may have gone.  Once I came home I recounted the situation to my family and haven't really thought much of it since then.  Tonight, the night of the 26th of October 2005, my father asked my brother to bring the garbage out at around 9:30.  To my surprise he came running to my room out of breath and recounted what he had seen in front of my neighbours driveway.  To my surprise his sighting sounded very similar to mine accept for the fact that he only saw one being and not two.  I feel kind of stupid and I have spoken to my girlfriend about it and she just laughed at me, but I know what I saw and I feel kind of stuck because no one will believe me  accept my brother who has witnessed the same sighting.  So I came on to the internet and decided to look for places who studied aliens and other strange sightings as this and I came across your site and decided it would be best if I wrote to you about the situation.  I am just wondering if anyone else has seen anything similar and if you have any explanations as to what my brother and I saw.  I would like to thank you very much for your time and hope to hear from you in the future. I remain. Contact me via e-mail.;45.4002037037038;-74.0398333333331
