4 Bright Orange Lights/Spheres. Not planes or fireworks. Flying objects that were silent.;2014-07-04 21:30:00;5 -10 minutes;4 Bright Orange Lights/Spheres. Not planes or fireworks. Flying objects that were silent As I went out in to my driveway, I looked up to see some fireworks going off when I saw an Orange light just hanging there. I thought at first it was a firework, due to its firey orange color, that had reached its peak height and was ready to explode. Instead of explode though I noticed it was moving south, towards me, at a slow pace maybe 30-40mph.    After I realized it was flying I watched it for a minute then ran in and grabbed my video camera and got the wife.  As we watched it fly overhead and right past us the orange glow just faded out.   At that time we both looked back north and noticed another one coming.  This one did the exact same thing.  It flew south then slowly faded out.  This happened two more times.   These objects seemed to be following each other at a distance.  One every 2-3 mins apart.  The great thing about the night of the 4th was that it was a clear night and even after the lights faded we should have still been able to see the shape of the objects due to the fact the sky was so clear and we could see the stars.   I'm not sure what they were but as I said the were a bright firey orange color and were roughly 2000 feet high and completely silent.  They didn't make a sound! I see and hear planes go over all the time since I live about 5 miles S.E. from DTW.  These were NOT planes and were not on the flight route of the planes that land or take off.   These objects looked as if they were following Inkster rd due south and veered east over Lake Erie.  I found these same objects on youtube when I typed in UFO's of July 4th.  As far as my video went.  The video quality was terrible.  Trying to record and object like that at night is harder then I thought it would be. I'm not a UFO nut I and my wife work for GM and have no history of seeing things and can explain almost all of what I see in the skys.  This night however I saw 4 Bright Orange Lights flying overhead at a somewhat low altitude and did not see any type of body to these crafts against the backround of a Very Clear Sky.  These lights simply faded out as they flew over and were gone!   I cannot explain this or tell anyone what it was I saw other then orange lights.;42.1055;-83.2795000000001
