Diamond Lights dance in the Heavens;2003-08-21 23:15:00;2-5 minutes;Diamond Lights dance in the Heavens I was at a friend's backyard in Bristol, Indiana on a late warm summer night in 2003. The home was located in a large clearing on top of a countryside hill & we were enjoying the stars and trying to see our Milky-way in space. While viewing the night time sky & spotting the Big & Little Dippers, Orion and other mythical shapes, I noticed a few satellites crossing below the stars which is not unusual in the summer months on a clear night. But while one satellite slowly passed overhead, something unfamiliar was occuring even higher in the stary heavens. As I focused toward space to what I THOUGHT was another glistening man made space craft certainly was not! Maybe it was a falling star or a blinking light of an aircraft, but the spot of light (the size of a star) began to move faster than the satellite in the foreground. The semi-circular shape was traveling in a South bound direction & it then slowed down and instantly changed directions & was now traveling North bound without a single stop in action. No human device, rocket, plane or Stealth bomber can do that manuvuer in a split second, I exclaimed!! I asked my friend to watch the dancing light in the sky and she witnessed the same occurance as I. I believe this was a massive object because of its particular size to the stars up in the darkness of space. The distance was far more farther away than the satellites that traveled across the sky. This was not a shooting star with a tail for there was no tail or icy trail behind the object. As we watched the sparkling object continue its dance, yet ANOTHER orb exactly like this one joined with the first to play a game of tag. As the first orb continued to move North to South and then East to West in a triangular pathway, the second circular object followed the same direct path as the first orb. It was a game of chase for the two objects and they were not harming each other but only staying as close as they could travel behind one another without hitting themselves. The two orbs traveled with no sound and reacted as a rubber ball would bounce off of the surfaces that it touched. But in space, as we know it, does not have A surface to bounce off of. Which made me more curious about this event. I blinked my eyes to be sure I was truly seeing this event unfold probably a 1000 miles away, or so it seemed, in the night sky. I asked my friend if she was the second orb in the same pathway as the first and she agreed that there was now two bright objects in the sky that were playing a game of tag. Then as fast as the objects came into sight, they swirled away together as though they were sucked into a vortex and diminished into space & gone from our sight. It was then I realized that this was a UFO encounter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting event is approximate.  PD));41.7217;-85.8264
