Stargazing at 3am... We were not supposed to see this...;2016-01-19 03:00:00;3 hours;Stargazing at 3am... We were not supposed to see this... My boyfriend and I spend our weekends in a very rural part of Virginia working on his 15 acre undeveloped property he bought last year.  At 3am I stepped outside for a cigarette and walked towards the end of the driveway.  I was drawn because I noticed that there were an unusual number and arrangement of stars in the sky.  There were too many of them to begin with, they were bright and they FILLED the northern sky.  As I stood there I saw that many were not stationary.  In college I took physics of the universe and realize that stars can have a slight wobble however, these objects were clearly moving closer…  I stood there transfixed until finally I went to get my boyfriend.  He was not too thrilled to be urged out into the freezing cold at 3am, but obliged. We stood at the end of the driveway and tried to take a video, but because there is not a street light nor neighbor within close proximity we were only able to capture our commentary.  The  objects were spinning, moving erratically, stopping and darting and changing colors.   We noticed one extremely low in altitude to our left.  We hopped in the car and dialed 911 as the sight we felt should be seen by someone in law enforcement, if only to give more credit to what we were seeing.  The operator sounded completely annoyed as I tried to convey the magnitude of what we were witnessing.  When we found a field, we pulled over and parked.  We were encircled by flying objects in the sky.  One with red X's and white lights circling its perimeter flew across the sky at a faster rate than others.  The smaller ones formed spiral/circular patterns overhead. I used a flashlight to 'communicate.' I wasn't sure what I would accomplish, but I didn't feel scared or threatened.  I think it coaxed the objects to come even closer. We had one overhead that had a green light on the underbelly.  There was an SUV that I think must have seen everything as the driver stopped on the road by the field and then sped off.  This is why I listed the witnesses as 3.  What we saw was undeniably the most surreal and bewildering experiences I have ever had. We drove to a 24 hour gas station and then onto another field where we witnessed more of the same and a larger, triangular shaped object with white lights on the corner which tilted and flashed in the middle where two smaller objects circled each other.  We watched these objects overhead until the sun rose.  It was absolutely the most incredible thing I have ever seen.  I have no other explanation other than alien craft.  What I saw could not have been driven by or made by human hands.;36.9045;-76.8855
