15-20 brightly lit objects travelling in formation in the night sky.;2017-09-03 23:00:00;5-7 minutes;15 to 20 brightly lit objects travelling in formation in the night sky. I was outside in my driveway around 11 pm last night.  I went outside to close the windows in my car.  I looked up to check out the full moon and over the next block I saw a brightly lit object moving overhead. (My house faces east and there are tall trees with two-story houses on the next block.  I have a clear view of the sky in front of my house about 3 properties wide on the other side.  I am located in the center of a small town about 2-3 miles wide)  It was completely calm out with no wind or clouds and there was no noticeable noise coming from the object.  The object was brightly lit, about 1-200 feet up and moving over the houses on the next block.  I continued to watch its movement and noticed another similarly lit object that cleared the tree line into my view a few seconds later.  It had the same bright redish/orange light and was following in the same line as the first object.  This continued for a few minutes with multiple objects (6 or so) coming into view and spread apart a few seconds.  The objects travelled in this straight line formation from south to north, turned east heading away from me, and then travelled another few seconds to turn north and moved out of my sight. During this group of objects, I heard my son coming down the stairs in the house so I called him out to see it.  The temperature was cool and we had all the doors/windows open in the house.  He thought it was weird and started getting all panicky since he didn’t know what it was. There was break of about a minute or two and we thought it was over.  Then another bright object cleared the trees from the south in the same line as the original group.  Over the next few minutes we saw another “group” of 6 or so objects travel the same path from south to north, make a turn to the east and turn north out of our view.  There was a break of another minute or two and a third group of 6 or so objects followed the same pattern.  After the third group, we waited 5-10 minutes but there was no reoccurrence of these objects. I have no idea what these were and I have not witnessed any similar event in the past.  15 to 20 brightly lit objects, in 3 groups travelling in the same formation, on the same path with multiple turns.  It was too dark to make out an actual object but they looked like they would be about 1-2 feet across.  The light was bright like a flare so that all you saw was these individual lights moving across the sky.;42.858;-80.5019000000001
