Who Would Have Thought Looking At The Stars... Would Turn Into A Night I Will Never Be Able To Forget!!!;2008-04-07 22:00:00;30 Min;Who Would Have Thought Looking At The Stars... Would Turn Into A Night I Will Never Be Able To Forget!!! I was looking in the sky yesterday night to say there weren't very many stars out.. The sky is very clear usually. When i looked up i happened to notice this very bright light.. It was a little bigger then the regular size of star. I asked my boyfriend what  it was, because i have never seen anything move that fast. For a second i thought it was a shooting star, it was NO SHOOTING STAR! He thought at first that it was a airplane but there was no blinking lights or anything to show it was a airplane.. Besides it was doing triple speed of a airplane. We were on the way to Store to pick up cigarettes for a friend.. After i noticed it it began moving faster and staying above us.. When we stopped to look up at time i stopped in one spot and looked like it was hovering over us. Then when we started to walk it moves again which ever direction we moved it would hover above us. We walked very fast back to our friends house. My Boyfriend told his two friends to look.. When we got back out side it finlly moved from above the house almost and was going the opposite direction from where i first noticed it. Not even two minutes we were all looking at it, it then disspeared into the sky. I sat inside my friends house, scared out of mind. I didn't know what to do!! I never believed in other life forms or anything.. I don't believe in ghosts and i am not supersicious. After about half a hour we went back outside to go get my friend her cigarettes for the second time. We weren't more then half way there and i had seen these three bright stars in the sky.. I told my boyfriend again about something in the sky. There were 3 perfectly spaced apart bright lights, that weren't there before when we were outside.. I couldn't have been mistaken either because.. Like i had said before there weren't very many stars out and i am very observant. I didn't really think anything of it then i realized if it was o'rein's belt or anything i wouldn't know because i was never into that kinda of stuff in school. i can honestl! y say i  have never seen that low to the ground stars before. But the fact it wasn't there before really didn't honestly scare me.. Considering what we just had seen not even a hour prior to that. We decided to go back again.. To scared to even walk our 5 minute walk to grab cigarettes... We got back inside and told my boyfriends two friends to come see this for themselves.. My boyfriends one friend is very smart when it come to stuff like this so we had asked him about it. The odd thing was the lights weren't the same color when we got out side they were an almost a green color as silly as that sounds.. After a few minutes they kept like moving a bit.. Almost like doing a VERY slow circular motion. Not even 5 minutes after that they faded away completely. My friends that were in the house came out and they thought we crazy because they didn't see anything.. They kept making jokes and thinking we were crazy.. But four of us had seen these objects.. And i can't even explain to people how scared and how weird that was. I used to hear stories about people seeing flying saucers and thinking they were crazy and it was like a myth.. But i can honestly say, i never thought i would have saw anything like that in a million years. I was also talking to my boyfriend on the phone today and he had told me he was talking to his friend.. And his friend also had said that last night he had seen these weird bright lights in the sky. I have nothing else really to say besides the fact i never want to experience something like that again for as long as i live.. I really hope this is helpful!;50.0347;-100.2222
