Lights and flashes in the sky with interaction every night since the spring of 2020.;2020-06-02 21:00:00;All night;Lights and flashes in the sky with interaction every night since the spring of 2020. It all started in the spring of 2020. All together I have had 100s of sightings and have had multiple interactions. I've also have had plenty of witnesses which includes a high ranking officer in the Air Force.  Some of the UFOs I've seen are fireballs but mostly different colors of light.. round. The interactions I have are flashes of light back and forth.  If I flicker a lighter or flashlight most usually they respond. One sighting I've seen with my girlfriend was one of the craziest I've ever seen. We were sitting on the back porch looking for any sign of a UFO because the night before we were seeing them all over. All of a sudden over the mountain in front of our house huge balls of light (couldn't see an actual craft because they were so bright) one by one you could see them coming right over top of us. My girlfriend had our kids and was so scared she wanted to go in the house. The were flying in a straight line (no it was Starlink.. I've seen those satellites.. twice) and as they passed the tree in the back yard where we were they disappeared one by one into thin air. There was about 30 of them round about. It's like they left the realm of Earth or something. Very strange thing.. I don't think I'll ever see anything like that again. Something that is strange to me is that every since I have been seeing these UFOs  I've also have been seeing military planes, drones, and helicopters. As the military planes came in the sightings have dwendeld down. It's hit or miss when I go out to see them, but almost every night I see at least a flash in the sky or what I call cruisers that just cruise thru the night sky then eventually disappear or zip off. I am a true believer and have seen it with my own eyes. There is a lot more I could tell but I would need much more time. I'm just glad I get to share my story with other people that have seen them too. I think it's also great that there is a team of people interested in what the government is hiding from us. When will we get any answers ??;38.4793;-81.7849
