As it moved across tthe sky and stopped looked like a star.Dropped down from the sky to several hundred feet above the ground. Followed;1999-03-20 20:30:00;30-60 minutes;As it moved across tthe sky and stopped looked like a star.Dropped down from the sky to several hundred feet above the ground. Followed two witnesses For distance of app. 800 feet. Pausing Periodicaly. There was no noise or wind. It followed witnesses to home. Where it made a final pause, Made a u turn, and seemed to leave in an instant at a great speed. The object was shaped as an orb and was amber in color. Their was no flashing of any light. It seemed to be liquid. It seemed curious of two of the four witnesses as it seemed to follow them. There was no sound from the object. ((NUFORC Note:  One of four reports from same student.  PD));38.4793;-81.7849
Saw unusal light star move across sky - amber orb lowered and followed 2 witnesses (from dime size to basketball size in seconds. whi;1999-04-13 20:50:00;5-10 min;Saw unusal light star move across sky - amber orb lowered and followed 2 witnesses (from dime size to basketball size in seconds. while 2 others watched. It came to within few 100 ft. of ground, manuevered uturn and went up and south at rapid speed.  Made no noise, did not flash. One the evening of April 13, 1999 my sister, 12 year old son, and 9 year old daughter, were outside watching stars.  A neighbor had recently spotted an unusual looking flashing star, and we speculated that it could've been a number of optical illusions, he felt it may have been a satellite or other manmade object. Nevertheless, we (me, son, daughter, and sister) were watching the stars that night and I attempted to point out the particular star the neighbor had commented about.  He was on the phone with me at this time (about 8:45 pm) it was dark. I was on my front porch at this time.  I was looking in a southerly direction as he attempted to explain where the star he'd viewed was.  My sister 9 year old daughter and 12 year old son walked approx 500 feet away from the house (south - towards the neighbor's house) and were looking for the flashing star.  My neighbor had looked at the star with binoculars and I yelled for my daughter to get a small pair we had.  She came to the house to get these, leaving my son and sister still watching the sky.  My neighbor was on the phone still, and as my daughter went inside a star moved across the sky and stopped. My neighbor on the phone who was watching for his odd flashing star said he saw something move across the sky. I said I had just witnessed it myself, we both felt it looked like a star.  He then said he could no longer see it from his house.  The star had dropped down considerably.  When it first moved it appeared about the size of a dime, and at this time it was much larger, and seemed to be just lower than the hill between my neighbor and me.  My sister and son yelled out Did you see that? I yelled back Yes I hung up the phone telling my neighbor that we were watching the moving star.  My daughter came out to the front porch about this time, and had just seen the movement she stood there with me for the duration of the event, and consequently did not find the binoculars.  At this point the star seemed to be about the size of a baseball or apple, bu! t was getting larger as it appeared to be getting lower. I yelled for my sister and son to come to the house. The were on there way to the house by this time,  stopping to look back at the star.  My stopped several times,  and seemed quite amaized or even mesmorized by the light. I kept yelling for them to hurry up and I knew my son was stopping to look because my sister was telling him to come on. The star lowered and was about the size of a basketball, and began slowly coming towards me,  in a direction I believe is north.  It was slow and paused a couple of times but it just kind of floated or glided towards me. My sister and son had made it back near our front porch and I could see that my son was very curious about the light. It is also puzzling to me and the others that by this point, it seemed to be lighter outside, closer to just after dusk, than dark, but it had been dark (I hope this makes some sort of sense to anyone reading this).  The light came to about 100 feet from us (south of us) and seemed to be lower by a little bit, than the hill top (I should probably explain that we live in hallow)  and stopped breifly - then it made an uturn and rapidle went upward and south and was completely gone within an instant. It may be important to you to know that none of use heard anytning, no engine sounds, wind, or anything else from the orb.  It did not flash in any way, and there was no other color of light associated with it. After the light was gone,  we noticed a lot of planes were flying over, and found it to be unusual. ((NUFORC Note:  One of four reports from same student.  PD));38.4793;-81.7849
