Three sitings, all in Oregon, at night, no visible moon;1995-11-20 22:00:00;5 minutes;Three sitings, all in Oregon, at night, no visible moon Traveling from the mountains after christmas tree harvesting.  No visible horizon, no moon.  Up in the sky were three bright lights.  Initially I was thinking it was a military aircraft.  The lights were spaces as if there were a nose light, and two under the wings lights, near the wheel wells, as per military aircraft design.  Then one of the lights went out. Leaving two lights.  I thought how odd.  Normally in military aircraft, the pilot cannot extinquish say the nose light.  Then another light went off, leaving just one bright light.  I thought, wow this is really odd, how are they pulling this one off.  If the plane was in a turn, it could possibly explain the lighting, but there were no red port lights or green starboard lights.  There were no anti-collision lights present. Then the single light went out, leaving complete darkeness.  As a former military pilot, I just thought this whole episode odd.  Later it was rumored to me that there is a secret military base located in that part of Oregon.  A year later I ran into a gentleman and his twelve year old son.  They were staying at the Lakeside Motel in eastern Oregon near Christmas Valley.  He said it was around two in the morning and he and his girlfriend's son went out to retrieve the boy's shoe from their truck.  When he walked outside, he noticed that there were no stars in the sky.  On more careful observation, he saw a large craft passing two hunderd feet above him, moving at approximatly 40 mph.  When the aircraft passed, and the stars reappeared, he said it was the classical red/green/blue lights circling around the aircraft.  He said the object was 3/4 of a mile large. The next morning during check out, he asked the Manager of the Motel if they had ever seen UFO's around. The manager responded, We don't talk about those kinds of things around here  A year later a friend was visting.  He was traveling through the Van Deuozor r corridor which is a stretch of forest between Lincoln City on the Oregon coast and Salem Oregon.  He said he and his friends saw a large trianglur shaped object traveling above the tree line.  I tried to trick my friend and say how big was it about 40 feet long.  He responded, Are you kidding try more like a half a mile ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.2341;-120.6363
Objects lighting up, burning out, and leaving tracers in Christmas Valley, OR;2009-01-11 20:30:00;15 minutes;Objects lighting up, burning out, and leaving tracers in Christmas Valley, OR I was driving home heading east.  The light balls were to the left of the highway about five miles away and a mile up in the sky.  They were lighting up and burning out, one after the other.  As soon as the last one lit up, the first one burned out, followed by the second and so on.  There were four in a row that did this.  I arrived home and continued watching them.  The lights sporadically burned out and lit up again, not always in single file this time.  Some would not quite burn out, to where my fiancé and I could see them dart back and forth, then light up again.  While doing this, the lights would leave tracers.  The lights seemed to be alive while darting around then stopping in place, slowing down, and then speeding up.;43.2341;-120.6363
