Bright lights changing color and pattern above skyline, like I've never seen before.;2004-06-07 23:00:00;35-40 minutes;Bright lights changing color and pattern above skyline, like I've never seen before. I was glancing out our back door while talking to my sister when two very bright white lights caught the corner of my eye. They were above the horizon, which made me wonder what it was. I asked my sister to take a look and the two lights merged into one, then back again. I grabbed the binoculars to see if I could tell what it was. That was when I noticed there were many orange and red lights around the side of it. This went on for about ten to fifteen minutes. My sister got scared and decided she was going to her room so she wouldn't have to see it. I called for my brother and his friends, who were staying the night, to come look. They all four came to see. We each took turns with the binoculars and everyone but my brother, who couldn't see where we were looking, agreed that they had never seen anything like it. It occasionally got closer to the ground, then rose up higher again. They all decided to go back in the house, but I continued to watch. Almost as soon as they did, it almost dissapeared. Then it turned into one big red light. I called for them to come back and look. Just as they were getting back to the door, it became one large white light again. Then I watched it slowly turn and became really bright, then dim again. Everyone alse went back into the house because they though I was joking, but then it turned red again so I called them back. As they were coming back, it turned into a long line of several red and orange flashing lights, like you would see Christmas lights in their running fashion. It had an orange glow over the top of it. We again took turns with the binoculars watching it slowly rise and sink in the sky. They all went back inside once more and I continued to watch it. After about five more minutes it began to slowly and steadily move towards my right along the skyline. This all went on for about thirty-five minutes until it suddenly was gone and I couldn't locate it anymore.;43.2341;-120.6363
