Huge disk type object with flat edges, red glowing steam around it, hovering very low.;1995-06-30 21:00:00;15-20 Seconds;Huge disk type object with flat edges, red glowing steam around it, hovering very low. My boyfriend and I were bored one.  Othe and drove around neighborhoods, looking at the new houses in a new community.  There was still construction going on in some neighborhoods, so it wasn't densely populated. It was night time, and the sky had some clouds in it but not heavy.   As we were driving down this hill, all of a sudden in front of us appeared an enormous disk but with flat surfaces  that angled on the sides. It was so large it filled the sky in front of us.  It appeared to be incredibly close, about 30-50 feet away, hovering effortlessly and silently not very high in the sky at all. I cannot stress enough how insanely large this thing was just hanging low in the sky. From what I remember it wasn't a smooth surface, it was dark in color, and had steam all around it and red lights which made the steam glow red.  I don't recall seeing where the red lights came from.  I just remember the red glowing steam.  Just as suddenly and silently as it appeared, it disappeared.  It was like seeing something unimaginable, right in front of you.   I recently asked my ex about that night 20 years ago, and if we really saw a ufo, and he confirmed that we really did see it.  If I was alone, I wouldn't have believed my own eyes.   I have never seen anything like it since.   We were also close to El Toro Marine Base, where we lived.  I don't know if that had anything to do with it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));33.6806;-117.6612
A large sphere object  with many blinking lights in different colors.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible flares over firing range.  PD));2007-02-06 18:30:00;10 minutes;A large sphere object  with many blinking lights in different colors. I saw a big light green ball at the top of the UFO. The rest of it was big and dark green, and blinking red, yellow, and white lights. It looked weird because I’ve never seen one before. It was going kind of slow.   The UFO was in a sphere shape.  It wasn’t very high in the sky.  I watched it move in the night sky for about 10 minutes before it moved north and seemed to get smaller.;33.6806;-117.6612
A large sized, see through shaped saucer with lights all around and within the object.;2007-02-06 18:30:00;10 minutes;A large sized, see through shaped saucer with lights all around and within the object. On February 6, 2007 at around 6:30pm I saw an unidentified object. It was a very large object. An airplane had passed next to it, and the airplane was about 1/50 as compared to the object. It was a saucer shape. There were thousands of lights surrounding it and inside of it. The lights though were separated enough to make the saucer shape. It moved relatively slow across the sky heading north. The object made no noise. It was very close to the ground. It went no higher than seven thousand feet. Two other people witnessed this sighting. There was only one object. The lights within it were colors of green and blue with some red. The lights looked like stars almost. The lights were all moving together in unison. The lights were all the same size. It was at night and the moon was out. When the object flew through the light of the moon, there was no metal body or anything to bind all of the lights together. It was completely see through. It slowly got smaller as it moved away. We stood there for ten minutes and watched it float away.;33.6806;-117.6612
