A formation of slow flying objects with a haze apperance with no sound being omitted. Formation was a semi circle type and too flawless;1992-07-01 18:00:00;5 minutes;A formation of slow flying objects with a haze apperance with no sound being omitted. Formation was a semi circle type and too flawless On a late afternoon to early evening summer day around dinner time in the Capeheart apartment complexes (formerly the DOW Air Force base military homes for service personnel) on the Finson Road a strange formation was witnessed by myself and my mother and some neighbors.   While watching TV in the living room my mother who was in the kitchen washing dishes hollered for me to come to the front door.  She was outside pointing to the sky and what I saw that evening has haunted me ever since.  A formation of a couple unidentified objects were flying or more like hovering in the low skyline.   At first my thought was I was watching a couple helicopters except there was absolutely no sound being emitted at all.   They had a flare or bright slightly reddish exhaust in the rear except no smoke was coming out.  The exact shape is hard for me to remember but they were not overly large and had a shape unlike any I had ever seen in a military or domestic aircraft.  What I remember like it was yesterday, though is how the formation was too perfect and why was there no sound being emitted if they were so low in the sky.   Some of my neighbors' children started to yell UFO mom UFO's.  I looked at mom who was white as a ghost and at the same time we uttered to each other frigging UFO's.   Our neighbors' parents came outside and the father uttered holy shit!  What the hell are those.  The objects slowly and in perfect exact formation started to drift out of sight.  I remember wanting to call the police or the Air National Guard base to report this sighting, because it absolutely spooked the hell out of us, but I decided not to, out of fear of not being believed.;44.8216161981262;-68.798627443106
