small, luminous, silent,  gliding craft;1998-07-07 22:00:00;five minutes;small, luminous, silent,  gliding craft May 9, 2007, 12:50 AM  Good  Morning, and thank you for your efforts. We were on a hill situated in the middle of the Transcontinental Pipeline that ran through our property,  This pipeline originates in Texas and terminates in New York.  It is natural gas and carries within its trajectory also, the Viacom cable that lies beside it. The path of the line is about two hundred feet wide, bordered by dense growth and large pines with an occasional home here and there. My Granddaughter and I were in a small tent with openings on four sides, it sat on the top of a hill looking NE on the open pipe line when we saw it. It emerged from the pines below tree top level.  The trees were about forty feet grown for lumber. It  simply glided at that low altitude across the pipeline, across a small country road, over the roof of my neighbor’s house, on the hill top, and disappeared into trees on the other side of our property. It was oval, but flat towards the edges.  The color was yellow/white or golden and luminous. It seemed to be the size of a large vehicle in length. like a large truck size. in relation to the size of the home it cruised over.  It was perfectly silent.  My granddaughter and I saw it at the same time and couldn’t grasp what we were observing.  My far sight is blurry so I couldn’t make out surface details, only the form. I knew a helicopter could fly low…but not without sound. It was, at the closest, about three hundred feet away. There were no other sounds as it was late at night and we were simply out there to look at the stars and talk. The craft glided,  and appeared to be untroubled by obstacles in it’s path. No other craft that I’m aware of could hover that low and maintain altitude???   My grandchild has never forgotten it--neither have I.  We were amazed not afraid.  I have a simple philosophy. I believe in everything--just in case. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.0497;-83.314
