Prone to being ESCORTED  by bright ball of light???;1995-04-15 23:30:00;60 minutes;Prone to being ESCORTED  by bright ball of light??? This still give me chills thinking about it...my ex husband & I owned a small restauarnt in East, Tx.  (Kilgore)..after a long hot day my ex wanted to go and get a case of beer in Kilgore (since Tyler, Tx) is dry.  The drive on the outskirts of town is about 1hour coming and going, after driving several min on long dark road w/thick trees and forest we saw pulsing light..got brighter so bright we had to shield our eyes..spouse said it was light from drilling for oil..then the light slowly rose from ground and glided toward us..we were scared shitless.  The object fell into line with us along roadside and glided thru tree branches, trees and kept steady pace with our car which was moving as fast as possible..we made it to Kilgore in record time and spouse went into store to get beer.  I was crying and he was shook up.  We were apprehensive about the return trip back to Tyler on the dark road but we started our journey back..once we were about 2 min. into drive the object was waiting for us and escorted???? us all the way back to Kilgore keeping constant pace with our car and moving thru the tree limbs and brush without disturbing them.  We were the only pp on the road I seemed to have the impression that we were being studied???  Husband said he never wanted to talk about it again.  Since our divorce, approximately 6 years later, I saw the same thing in Dallas, Tx.  My girlfriend and I were on our way out that evening and I was sitting next to her and saw the light again.  I did not say anything to her, (as I recognized it from before)...I was amazed and comforted when she commented to me as she drove...I don't know what ((deleted)) that thing is but I hope it stays where it is...I never said a word as the feeling I had was so erie.  The object seemed to escort us along a major road?????  Going through about a 7 minute strecth of dense forest and trees before we came to the major intersections.  I have witnessed sightings on 2-3 other occassions with witnesses.  I have also had other supernatural ! experien ces that have involved loved ones that have passed away.  Those experiences were pleasant and I had no fear at all.  Am concerned about the bright ball of light that follows me sometimes while I am in my car.  FORGOT TO ADD THAT OBJECT HAS FOLLOWED ME AGAIN TO ESCORT ME HOME ON ISOLATED ROAD (IN 2001).  WAS WAITING FOR ME ABOUT 50 YARDS ABOVE INTERSTATE.  WAS SCARED AND TURNED AROUND TO HEAD BACK TO TOWN WHERE TRAFFIC AND PEOPLE WERE...CALLED MY SISTER TO TELL HER ON PAY PHONE (SHE HAS WITNESSED UFO'S WITH ME...SHE CALMED ME DOWN ENOUGH FOR ME TO ATTEMPT THE DRIVE BACK INTO THE COUNTRY TO GO HOME.  OBJECT WAS NOT THERE WHEN I MADE THE DRIVE BACK HOME THE SECOND TIME. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));32.382128;-94.870596
Two police officers, out on a hunting expedition, witness a dramatically bright fireball close to their position.;1997-07-01 01:30:00;5 seconds;Dear Sir,  I'm ((deleted--middle age)) years of age and currently been employed as a ((law enforcement)) for the past ((deleted--approximately two decades)) years.  I've spent more than enough time investigating everything from homicides, to conducting relatively rare under cover investigations.  I'll elaborate more if further documentation is required.   I first want to explain why I have never reported or discussed this situation.  I'm currently a police office and served over 13 years of those 13 years I have heard numerous encounters of suspicious circumstances among the local population.  None of these, however, have anything to do with what I have seen.   I currently live in the southwest area of Arkansas.  This area is home to the Fouke Monster, AKA big foot....  A recent television show included numerous people investigating areas that sightings have been made.  I'll be honest, I've hunted these areas on foot for over 8 years.  I've never seen nor heard anything that I can't explain.  Needless to say I'm not a man afraid of the! woods, strange noises or ... well ok I'll admit I am afraid of spiders....   So on to the topic of discussion.   I cannot give you the exact date.  I honestly have only spoken twice as of last night as to the event ever even happening.  I do not want to compromise anything by asking questions of the other person involved because we have never spoken of it.  I say we have never spoken of this situation, but we have spoken of it twice.   Neither time have either one of us spoken as to what we saw, when it happened. I can not recall the year, but I know it was late summer.  It was hot outside and the windows in my car were up.  I was driving an early model Chevy Nova 4dr car, maroon in color.  My friend, ((male name deleted)), and I were at a party.  We, for some reason, although it was alcohol related, decided to go 'big foot' hunting.  Well I loaded up a bunch of guns into the trunk of the car, took some more beer, and we left... en route to the hunting grounds.   This is an area that I don't exactly know where we were at.  ((male name deleted)) said we were in the Tiawishi River bottoms.  I've never heard that name or term before and still havn't.  So we went to where he said to go.  We were both drinking and having a good time as we headed to this area. Once we arived to the area, I knew, just by being on the roads, that this was an oilfield back road type of area.  I was driving and continued driving down these back oil field roads.  I do not have a time frame or amount of time that we were driving but I know that we were on an oil field road.  We did have guns, but they were still in the trunk of the car.  We continued driving and if memory serves me, and we came to a bridge.  Once on the bridge, I stopped the car.  I/we decided to stop the car to listen to the sounds from the woods.  We didnt't hear anything..... and that is when it happened. I lack words to describe the scenario.... We were listening to the sounds of the woods, it was quiet, not unusually quiet....  While sitting in the car a bright light appeared from the right side.  A light that was brilliant in color, and I can only describe as being bright as the sun and the same color.  There was no sound, wind, or anything else to make you believe anything was ever there.  This sphere passed from my right to the left in a steady motion while maintaining static elevation. Afterwards ((male name deleted)) and I left...tried to describe what happened to us... and I remember that nobody believed us.... To date I have spoken to ((male name deleted)) two different times.  Once in November 2012 ((sic.  2011??)) , the conversation was brief and non discriptive in nature.... The second was on 08/04/12.....  The conversation was joking in nature and I realised after he said that he has had nightmares about that night since. I don't know what we saw together that night.  I've told myslef so many times that it was swamp gas of sorts..... I'm open for personal interviews and willing to take poligraphs, or what ever else we need to do.... Honestly, I want to have an answer that it was just swamp gas and methane gas combusted with decomposition products. From what I remember it was just above the tree line, running in a directional path.  It never changed direction, speed or made any kind of sound,   If you would like to speak with me directly I can be contacted at ((deleted telephone number)).  I'm employeed for the past ((deleted--approximately two decades)) at ((deleted--law enforcement))..  I would like my information kept confidential. I've not spoken of the details of what I saw the night that I believe what I saw.  I have spoken to ((name deleted)) and neither were times that we wanted to talk about it... after a laughing incident the previous date I decided that since we havn't spoken about what we have seen and my understanding of interviews... this might be a situation that can be explained or debunked....  I believe it's probably just swamp gas, at least that's what i've always told myself! ((ADDENDUM FROM AUTHOR OF REPORT)) Dear Sir,  In reference to the sighting in east texas.  I spoke with with my friend y ((name deleted))  (XXX) xxx-xxxx).  I adivsed him why I was calling and that I wanted him to tell his version of events that happened.    I also told him that I did not know exactly where we were when the incident happened.  ((name deleted)) said we were on county RD 322 and turned right (or East) onto FM 1249.   We were on FM 1249 when it happened and afterwards pulled over near a bridge.... between the two of us we believed this happened in the summer of 1996.... ((name deleted)) van Meter 903 xxx-xxxx;32.382128;-94.870596
Dear Sir,  In reference to the sighting in east texas.  I spoke with with my friend y((name deleted))  (903 XXX-XXXX).;1997-07-01 01:30:00;5 seconds;Dear Sir,  In reference to the sighting in east texas.  I spoke with with my friend y ((name deleted))  (903) xxx-xxxx).  I adivsed him why I was calling and that I wanted him to tell his version of events that happened.    I also told him that I did not know exactly where we were when the incident happened.  ((name deleted)) said we were on county RD 322 and turned right (or East) onto FM 1249.   We were on FM 1249 when it happened and afterwards pulled over near a bridge....  between the two of us we believed this happened in the summer of 1996.... ((name deleted))  (XXX) xxx-xxxx;32.382128;-94.870596
