Glowing Orb with 2 satellites circling;1976-08-15 22:30:00;10 minutes;Glowing Orb with 2 satellites circling At the time of this sighting I was an automotive technician and engine builder. I had just graduated from high school two months earlier. Since this incident, I have written and published a book on automotive subjects, written for automotive magazines, and helped produce an automoitve television show. I was returning from my friend's home after working on his race car all evening. It was a week night, and I felt pretty good about our accomplishments for the evening. I turned onto the road that leads to my house, when I noticed a large bright orange glowing object in the sky. At first I thought it was the moon, but when I made eye contact with this object it began following me. I turned onto an access road to my subdivision, and when I turned, the craft (or object) had moved to the corner of the intersection. I continued slowly down the street and the craft slowly moved in front of me and lowered its altitude to approximately 100 feet above the ground. At this distance, the object appeared to be approximately 20 to 30 feet in diameter, and there were two satellites moving around the object. One from the upper left hand corner, and the other from the lower left hand corner, both circumnavigating the object in a flash of sparks (similar to how a sparkler burns). It seemed like the satellites were moving along a guide that was attached to the exterior of the craft, but I couldn't physically see a guide. The paths of the satellites remained constant throughout the encounter.. The night sky around me -- that was moonless -- was illuminated in a bright golden light, while the areas around me were bathed in darkness. I stopped and exited my car ( a white 1969 Camaro SS) and stood watching the craft -- motionless and without any trace of sound -- for what seemed like an eternity. When I realized that I was involved in a stalemate, I got back in my car, turned the corner and continued to the next street. The craft continued its movement along with my car and stopped with me at the next stop sign, only now the craft was approximately 50 feet from the ground, and dangerously close to telephone poles that line the street. I turned, continued to my driveway and pulled my car into the garage. I walked out of the garage to see the craft hovering over my home, and once again it followed me to my front door. I sat on my front step and watched the craft for about five minutes. The entire time I felt no fear, only wonderment at what I was witnessing. At this point I went into my home to retrieve my dad's car keys. I left the house, still watching the craft over my home. I got in my dad's car to move it into the driveway, and watched as the craft contiued down my street. I gave chase with my dad's car, around the corner to the neighborhood ball field. I watched the craft descend through the trees onto the ball field, now flashing the same golden light in sequence around the craft. I felt a seismolgic event as it touched down and the lights went out. When the lights went out I saw what appeared to be a door opening on the craft. At this point, I raced my dad's car back home went inside and locked every window and door that wasn't secured. I called the local air force base, but they blew me off and the next day contacted Dr. Alan Hynek and filed a report. The entire time I watched this object there did not seem to be any portals or doors visible, nor were there any visible signs that such things existed, and to this day I wonder what I would have seen had I stayed longer. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We express our gratitude to the witness for submitting such a wonderful report.  PD));40.1794;-75.1107
Saw a large green light, sphere or circle .shaped go in arc across the sky, fairly fast, steady rate With no trail.;2020-10-10 21:00:00;3 seconds;Saw a large green light, sphere or circle .shaped go in arc across the sky, fairly fast, steady rate With no trail. At about 9:00 pm on 10/10/20 I looked at the sky above my front yard and saw a bright light, colored very green move in an arc across the sky. It was large and moved moderately quickly. It was shaped in a circle, but my impression was a sphere. I had only a small viewing site between two large trees. I observed for only about three seconds. I am a long time sky watcher, and have seen meteorites, fireballs, space station, planes, Chinese lanterns, weather satellites... but I never saw anything like this before. I am a teacher and a college graduate, as well as an outdoors person. I was so puzzled I posted about it on facebook, and asked if anyone else had seen it. Seven other people in my area responded that they had, with all the same details. I find that remarkable. I asked a family member, and she found a site that took reports on meteorites. 58 people in my general tri state area reported very similar sightings, with same particulars.;40.1794;-75.1107
I looked at the sky above my front yard and saw a bright green light, sphere shape travel in a arc across the sky between two trees.;2020-10-10 21:00:00;3 seconds;I looked at the sky above my front yard and saw a bright green light, sphere shape travel in a arc across the sky between two trees. At about 9:00 pm on 10/10/20 I looked at the sky above my front yard and saw a bright light, colored very green move in an arc across the sky. It was large and moved moderately quickly. It was shaped in a circle, but my impression was a sphere. I had only a small viewing site between two large trees. I observed for only about three seconds. I am a long time sky watcher, and have seen meteorites, fireballs, space station, planes, Chinese lanterns, weather satellites... but I never saw anything like this before. I am a teacher and a college graduate, as well as an outdoors person. I was so puzzled I posted about it on facebook, and asked if anyone else had seen it. Seven other people in my area responded that they had, with all the same details. I find that remarkable. I asked a family member, and she found a site that took reports on meteorites. 58 people in my general tri state area reported very similar sightings, with same particulars.;40.1794;-75.1107
