Hundreds of Orbs in a Line Formation Over Arizona  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-23 05:15:00;31;Hundreds of Orbs in a Line Formation Over Arizona March 23, 2020:  Between Holbrook, Arizona and Joseph City, Arizona Wife’s Report: Approximately 5:15 AM, as I looked up at Orion and the Southern morning sky I saw a small object (“Orb”) traveling from West to East.  It moved slow and steady.  I thought it was a satellite. I then noticed another small Orb following the 1st Orb, slow and steady. The first Orb then changed course and moved towards the South and disappeared (or went up real fast) at the tail end of Orion. The next one followed the first and disappeared. I then noticed another Orb following the 2nd Orb, and so on and so on, when the count got up to 10, I ran into the house and got my Husband.  We lost track of how many we observed and watched until about 5:30 AM when my Husband went back into the house. They seemed to be ending, with 2 close (like traveling together) and brighter to the others. After these 2 traveling together, was one smaller Orb traveling slow and disappeared. I was about to go inside, when suddenly, a stream of Orbs moved quickly from Southwest to Northeast! . I couldn’t believe my eyes. I called my Husband’s phone at 5:34 AM, it was off and no answer, so, I ran to the window and knocked frantically. I then ran back to where I was standing and saw the stream of Orbs still flowing appearing from one fixed point in the Southwest sky to about a ruler length to the other fixed point to the Northeast where they disappeared.  My Husband ran out and saw what I saw.  We tried to film it, but I don’t know how to work my phone.  We watched till about 5:36 AM and then the Orb stream stopped.  There were hundreds of them, too many to count. Husband’s Report: It looked like a military exercise.  The Orbs came out of an area (could have been a big ship we can’t see) in semi-circle, dropping out of sky in single file. They were spread apart at equal distances. When I came back outside, I saw a row of 3 Orbs per unit side by side stacked in a broad formation line from Southwest to Northeast of Holbrook, AZ. They lit up the sky by hundreds flying in unison. The Orbs disappeared into the sky, like entering a portal. They all disappeared and then a straggler followed them. You’d have to see it to believe it. It’s the strangest thing I have ever seen.;34.911;-110.1419
