During the last blood moon.  I am guessing that was 31JA18.  A friend and I decided to look at the bl;2018-01-31 02:30:00;2 seconds;This siting happened during the last blood moon.  I am guessing that was January 31st, 2018.  A friend and I decided to look at the blood moon with my telescope.  We went to a very dark location about 2500’ altitude.  It was a perfect night for viewing.  We had turned away from the moon and were leaning up against my car and talking.  I am always watching the sky at night.  Even when I am talking.  I was looking southeast at approximately approximately 5’ from the horizon, if you put a measuring device at arm's length.  I saw a white light appear from nowhere.  It increased in intensity and size to the equivalent of Jupiter, if Jupiter was white.  It lasted 2-3 seconds, and it was done.  It did not move or leave a trail or make a sound.  It was a pulse of light.  It did not appear to be in the atmosphere of earth.  It seemed to be quit far away, beyond our solar system.  I watched the sky for a long time and did not see it again.  I looked ahead in all directions looking for a! path or trail.  I went back to the same spot many nights looking for it again.  I have not seen it since. I waited a couple of minutes and asked my friend, who was standing with me, if he “saw anything weird tonight”.  He said he just saw a flash of light. Without telling him anything, I asked him to describe it to me.  His description was the exact same as mine.  Thank god!  I’m not insane or maybe both of us are!  My first thought was that it could be a pulsar.  I cannot remember if pulsars emit light in the human viewable spectrum.  I have had physics, chemistry, biology, math, etc in college.  I took a year of astronomy online from Ohio State.  I’ve been an amateur astronomer for many years and have been an avid sky watcher spending hundreds of hours looking up from high altitudes and excellent locations.  I have learned a lot about what flys around up there.  I know a meteor from a satellite from a plane from a bug!  I never saw this before!  It left no trail.  Nothing visible.  I think it was probably a type of pulse from a star going through some type of energy emission.  I just do not know which one yet.  If you have any ideas, please let me know.  I would love to check this one off the UFO list.;38.815;-122.7157
