Three fiery orbs travel in straight formation, alter formation slightly, then disappear, one at a time;2013-08-25 21:00:00;2 minutes;Three fiery orbs travel in straight formation, alter formation slightly, then disappear, one at a time. On August 24th, 2013, we were anchored out in Worton Creek, which is on the eastern side of the Chesapeake Bay, about half way between the Bay Bridge and the C&D Canal.  At about 9pm (+/- 30 min), I poured a glass of wine and had just sat down on the transom to watch an unbelievably clear sky – I have never, ever seen it this clear in Maryland.  I was facing west.   After about 10 minutes, I noticed a light appear from over my left shoulder, heading east to west.  At first I assumed it was a helicopter, because it was traveling at the altitude and speed that most helicopters seem to travel at.  The light was rather bright, roundish and mostly red in the center and some yellows and maybe greens at the edges.  My best guess is that it was about 200 yards to my left and 300-400 feet up – it’s difficult to judge distance at night, especially with a bright light, and if my distance guess is correct, it was perhaps 50-80 feet in diameter. As this object moved westward, a second one appeared same description, and maybe 100 yards behind.  Then a few seconds later a third one, but this one was farther back, maybe three times the separation of the first two.  All three traveled westward in a straight line formation at the same speed.   After about a minute, the second one moved out of formation to the left and picked up speed.  He passed the leader, still heading in the same westward direction, and then when he was well in front of the leader, his light flickered, or wavered, then perhaps half a second later it flickered and dimmed and was gone.  The original ‘leader’ continued on for another second and when he reached the spot where the other one  changed, his light also wavered, and then flickered and dimmed and was gone.   They really have my attention now.  I watched the third guy intently as he continued west and when he reached the area where the other two were, he did the same.  The light wavered, half a second later it flickered and dimmed and was gone. When the objects disappeared, it was like they flew into an invisible wall of grey jello, or maybe like on Star Trek, when the ship goes to warp drive.  A silly description, but that’s what it reminded me of.    I jumped up and grabbed my binoculars to search the area I had last seen them but there was nothing there. Nothing.  Also, I failed to mention that they were silent.  The wind was blowing at maybe 5 kts so there were no interfering noises that would have covered up the sound of their engines.  Other than the obvious fiery light and the disappearing act, the thing that most caught my attention was that there was absolutely someone at the helm, they weren’t just things floating by.;39.2961;-76.0959
