Lights like a plane, not exactly the same, and disappearing after trees blocked my view.;2003-11-03 22:30:00;5-10 minutes;Lights like a plane, not exactly the same, and disappearing after trees blocked my view. My boyriend and I and our baby were driving North on US1 through Rockledge, and I saw some flashing lights up ahead and to the west.  The area has lots of radio antenae in the area, but what I saw seemed to be an airplane heading North as well.  As I watched (from the backseat), through the front windsheild, I saw two white lights perfectly opposite from each other, and two red lights.  One was to the left of the leftmost white light, and the other was in the middle, a bit more forward (sort of in a triangle formation) than the two white lights, sort of taking the 'point'.  The red lights would alternate between which one was on an off.  I asked my boyfriend what it was, and, knowing that I was a stargazer who often mistook things for UFOs, he said it was an airplane.  I looked again, and saw that it seemed to be descending (like an airplane would).  I asked what it was doing, and he suggested landing.  However, I know that there are no landing areas anywhere near where it was (for those familiar with the area, it was northwest of the Gannette/Florida Today office building).  He suggested Orlando, and I said that it's too low and it wouldn't make it to Orlando before it landed.  Then he suggested Merritt Island, and it was headed in the wrong direction.  Then he suggested Titusville, which was northward of where we were, and I conceded...  However, the low flying plane seems to slow down, because now I could see it through the driver's side window.  I couldn't see any body at this point, but now the white lights were gone, and the red lights were there, still alternating between on and off.  Then, I guess we caught up with it so it was by the rear-driver's side window.  I looked out and saw a very vague black/gray triangularish shape.  I couldn't locate any wings, however, and at that point, the red lights were both on at the same time.  I looked forward and told my boyfriend something, and when I looked back to look at it, we drove past an area that blocked the plane with lots of trees.  When we broke free, the craft was no longer there.  When the road curved to the northwest a bit, I looked again, and still couldn't find it.  I looked every direction and still couldn't find anything.  I might not know a lot of aircraft, but I was under the impression that that a) had blue lights as well as red, and b) couldn't disappear suddenly.  I like looking for UFOs, and my boyfriend doesn't exactly disapprove of it.. but he does make fun of me for it sometimes.  I think it probably would take something extraordinary for him to believe that what I saw was really a UFO.  A story about what was happening in the county that night:  There was a hostage situation abotu 20-30 miles south of where I spotted the UFO.. but it had ended  at 7pm, about 4 hours earlier than when I saw the UFO.;28.3160082872928;-80.7292005524861
moving yellow, star-shaped light -- stationary, then moving erratic -- still there.;2005-11-03 23:45:00;on-going;moving yellow, star-shaped light -- stationary, then moving erratic -- still there. then a white star near it we were not watching suddenly turned red and flew around the larger yellow star in a circular motion -- and flew off and away at great spead.;28.3160082872928;-80.7292005524861
