A bright white beam and a large, bright blue beam and the white beam object disappeared behind an out of place 'cloud' .;2000-07-07 21:30:00;appx 1 minute;((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch out of Vandenberg AFB at 2125 hrs..  PD)) A bright white beam and a large, bright blue beam and the white beam object disappeared behind an out of place 'cloud' . At around 9:30 pm this evening I got out of my car and in turning around caught sight of a bright!! light in the sky towards the western end of the (Coachella) valley.  At first it appeared to be an airplane unfortunately aimed.  A very large cloud hovered all around this light-appearing somewhat like a duststorm would with a misty look to it.  This combination made the bright light resemble those movie shots from *inside* a theater, with the flickering light and smoke-effects.  (Although this light was steady and not flickering) My immediate second thought was that it was a police copter out looking for someone as they often do. I continued to watch the light as it moved slowly up and to the left (my left..around 10 pm on a clockface) It moved-not too far, distancewise, but over and up, where it went behind the cloud/smoke/dust/mist and reflected, from behind, in a very bright, round manner. Around this time I am noticing another/more light that at first I guessed might be this police copter using a blue searchlight, although the *cone* of this blue strip of light was pointed down, as though it was a searchlight from the *ground* pointing up at the light. This strip of light was fairly wider, it seemed, than the white strip that was coming from the object. There was, although it was dark, a fairly well-defined sense of where this cloud started and stopped in the sky, since it was well illuminated. I took note of the sky and climate: The night was clear with stars speckling the sky.  The moon was...? about a quarter?  Not too big, not obtrusive. The temperature *here* had to be around 89/90-as the thermometer in the car said it was 89 when I was about 5 minutes from home. 		So I watched as the white light (beam) moved behind the clouds just as the moon would, and waited for it to come out from the other side of the cloud.  It failed to do so.  I scoured the visible sky for what had become of the object...there was nothing moving (through the air) that was even remotely close enough to the area, to have originated from there.  I did not see anything moving in what would have seemed to be the proper trajectory. The light had dimmed to nothing.  There was *not* any cloud-cover tonight, I could see the stars all around. The blue strip/beam of light remained...still pointing down towards the right .  I stood there for several minutes as this effect slowly faded-at the outset this was a fairly bright shade of blue, almost a light turquoise/seagreen type of color. I tapped on the window for my daughter who sent a message via AOL to my mother who lives next door. So we all hung out for a few minutes and looked as the brightness started to fade and the eventual result was an oblongis/vague triangle 'cloud' in a pale, pale blue tint and then just fading into transparence and then gone.  In the meantime my housemate approached me on her way home from being out and said she had seen the same thing although from her viewpoint (about 3 miles and closing, coming in from the west I think) she had seen something of an 'x' or cross-shaped item.  She told me she would draw a picture of what she'd seen. From the moment of my first noticing it until the time we went into the house about 10/15 minutes had passed.;33.5566;-116.1572
