Orange Light passing over city, silent.;2011-06-30 22:08:00;2 mins;Orange Light passing over city, silent. Went outside to smoke, noticed a bright orange light in the sky moving southeast to northwest.  Assumed it was a firework of some sort because people are shooting them off already in town.  After about 30 seconds or so, it had not dimmed at all and was still progressing at a medium rate of speed, it seemed to grow even brighter. Called wife and daughter out to look 'hurry hurry!'  Took eyes off of it for maybe 10 seconds.  Wife and daughter arrived in time to see it continue it's travel across the sky, heading away from us towards Jackson, Missouri.  Finally 'went out' all at once, but could still see the bottom edge of what ever it was lit by the city lights. Object was a bright deep orange and looked very bright, like a flare, until it's light seemed to extinguish, but something was still there.  Was a circular light, bright enough to obscure any other detail of the object until it went out.  Did not 'sputter' out like flares typically do. I am positive it was not a normal firework, far too long being lit up.  Potentially an orange flare, not red but deep and bright orange attached to something that was able to float along but there was virtually no breeze.  In fact there was absolutely no discernible breeze noted as such because of the temperature and the air conditioning currently on the fritz. My wife and I both in our late 30s, professionals.(I.T. Network Specialist and Medical Coder)  I am a 7 year veteran of the Air Force, familiar with various aircraft (worked on C-130s) and avionics.  It was NOT an airplane or chopper.  Was close enough to our location to have heard some sort of engine noise. Heard no noise. Seemed like it was fairly close and not very large.  Possibly 2000-3000 feet above city.  About half a thumbs width when it was at it's closest point, growing smaller as it moved away.  Was not moving fast enough or at the correct angle to be a falling star.  Hard to tell it's actual size and distance because there was no good points of comparison, but 'seemed' to be small and fairly close, traveling directly over the town. Left no 'trail' or burning bits, was solid until going out.  Had a slight delay in going out, like the decay of stadium lights turned off.  Did not flicker, just quickly faded. Also possible that the light was directional and was turned away from our vantage point.  That might also fit the manner in which it went out. Was certainly out of the ordinary.  Daughter described it as 'spooky.' Noticed no other effects, like power outage or upset dogs or anything of that nature.  Also do not yet know if anyone else saw it, will try to find any other witnesses via local paper website.  Did not call police or anything, they likely have their hands full enough tonight and it did not seem to pose any threat at all. Afterwards feel like a goober by not grabbing a camera, but a cell phone video of an orange light isn't going to help anything. I have reported in the past other sightings, been several years ago and also investigated another local sighting by a police officer in Cape Girardeau in 2000, speaking briefly with Peter on Jeff Rense's show.  First thing I have seen in years and it was rather striking.  I would not be adverse to passing any info along to any other local researchers, but there's not much else to say except perhaps to be a 'one more' to the sighting.  I am sure others saw it, given the outdoor activity going on (you could hear fireworks going on all around) but if someone else says anything publicly is another matter.;37.3044837586996;-89.5205481051793
Bright green/yellow light traveling nw to se about the speed of passenger jet, but somewhat lower than those.;2012-06-24 21:55:00;30 seconds;Bright green/yellow light traveling nw to se about the speed of passenger jet, but somewhat lower than those. I observed a bright green/yellow light traveling from northwest to southeast in the sky. The object appeared to travel about the speed of a passenger jet. I observed the object for approximately 15 to 20 seconds, then changed positions so I could see it over the roof of my house. I then observed the object for approximately 5 to 10 more seconds until the object slowly dimmed and faded away. The object did not accelerate away, it's light just dimmed slowly until it couldn't be seen.(dimming process approximately 3 seconds) The object appeared to be slightly lower than other aircraft I observed this night (I had seen some passenger jets later on in the night), but this object was only one solid bright green/yellow light. No blinking lights as with passenger jets. It was a very clear night. The only object in the sky that was brighter was the 1/5 to 1/4 cresent moon in the western sky.;37.3044837586996;-89.5205481051793
There was a visible steady white light coming out of a Westerly Direction at about the 10 o'clock position traversing across the sky in;2017-02-15 18:48:00;5 minutes;There was a visible steady white light coming out of a Westerly Direction at about the 10 o'clock position traversing across the sky in a Southeastern Direction with an arcing movement until disappearing beyond the tree line.  This white light seemed to be moving at a slower pace than an aircraft of something that high in the sky but ranging the object could not be done accurately a guesstimation between 20000 and 25000 feet is possible.   A few minutes had passed since the object left visible side and then seem to reappear from a southeasterly direction traveling in a Northern Direction.  This new path seem to be straight steady and approximately the same height.  The light seemed to be a shade dimmer but still remained steady and visible.   The night sky was clear with typical visible stars the temperature was in the low forties.  Multiple other aircraft was present in the sky in multiple directions which was verified by a cell phone application to include aircraft identification.  The anomaly that was seen was not identified by the applications radar.  The entire event lasted approximately 5 minutes.  The unidentified flying lightsource was witnessed by one adult female and one adult male. /// end of statement.;37.3044837586996;-89.5205481051793
