Dreadlock aliens seen dancing in the clouds.;2014-09-09 10:30:00;10 minutes;Dreadlock aliens seen dancing in the clouds. This Is going to sound like a hoax. (which is why I've waited so long to report it)  Here is what I saw in the sky on September 9, 2014, in the north east corner of FL.  Regardless, this is how it went down.   I went outside mid morning, after staying up all night playing video games.  I was enjoying the sun on my face and I knew it wouldn't last long as a large storm front was coming from the east.  I than noticed a large cloud that looked like a wiener dog traveling forward, east, just south of the location of the sun.  As it hit the storm front it pushed it back keeping the sun on my face.  The cloud moved in a normal cloud speed.   This is where It gets strange.  I then saw three humanoid images standing on what looked like the deck of my childhood summer house in the head of the cloud.  They were standing between the picture window and the railing of the deck.  The images were moving around and I was very much entertained by what I thought was my imagination.  Then I realized that the lines of the window and the lines of the deck railing wear staying consistent.  All of this was seen in gray and white.  I was now entering into, I guess, a state of shock, so I smiled and waved.   Two of the figures went back into what appeared to be my cloud summerhouse.  The other figure came around the railing and began moving frantically around as if it was yelling at me or dancing or both.  The figure appeared to have large what looked to be dreads on his head. I continued to watch.   Just then, towards the butt section of this wiener dog looking cloud, eight points of light formed a perfect circle and  began to connect with each other with light.  It was at this time I became petrified and ran into the safety of my home.  I few minutes later I came out to see what was happening, clouds moved in from all directions everything I saw previously was now deep behind the clouds, however in what appeared to be a funnel kept the clear sight from me to where I had seen the lights, as if to keep an eye on me to see what I would do next.  I went back inside and went to bed.  I only shared this with a few friends, since I didn't want people to say I was nuts.   Today I googled the date with UFO sightings and discovered that UFO activity in the world was very high.  I am curious to find out if anyone else has had any kind of similar experience.  Even if you don't believe me it feels good to say what I saw to somebody.;29.7049;-81.4864
