Hovering over the trees next to my house.  3 globes of luminous light as large as basketballs.  Rotated then took off and disappeared;1996-09-01 05:35:00;3 minutes;Hovering over the trees next to my house.  3 globes of luminous light as large as basketballs.  Rotated then took off and disappeared Labor Day morning 1996 right before dawn  My cat jumped across my head, waking me up.  I looked out the window in my 2nd story bedroom and saw the lights.  I knew immediately that they were not something normal.  They looked as big as basketballs in my window.  They were three glowing globes.  The light was soft and not like any quality of light I had seen before.  They were white in the front, turning to blue and then red.  I was transfixed, as it was a beautiful light emanating from the globes, then they rotated and shot off towards the west and then just disappeared.  It seemed like they were all part of one craft.  They were hovering over the trees and about 100 yds away.  My son had played high school football, so I was used to the distance of 100 yds. One dog was outside but never barked.  When I opened the door to let him in he bolted in like he was scared.  I called the Albuquerque Air Force Base, and they took my report in a disinterested way.  I drew a picture of it right away.  I called a local UFO investigator and reported my sighting.  She came to where I worked at waitressing on Labor Day and interviewed me.  She said that there had been cattle mutilations and red, white and blue lights sighted in the area over where I lived previous to my sighting.  She said my pupils were dilated.  I went and looked in the mirror and they were.  She asked if I had experienced any missing time, and I said I was pretty sure I hadn’t.   The Taos News wrote a front page article on the cattle mutilations, the lights and my sighting. It has been many years, and I have not seen anything since, but the elk hunters’ sighting near here on 9/2/19, Labor Day made me think of it all again.  There are always many sightings in the sky in Northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado, but mine was pretty close up.;36.3923;-105.5822
