segmented flashing formation w/ v formation of glowing lights leading S. to N.E., Taos NM (Northern NM);2006-10-01 23:15:00;2.5mins;segmented flashing formation w/ v formation of glowing lights leading S. to N.E., Taos NM (Northern NM) While driving north, glimpsing up at a 45deg angle, out of the corner of my left eye, an apparent streak of florescent green, which I immediately thought of as a meteor traveling south to northeast. My thought then was that it would streak across the sky to the north and that would  be it. But, instead as I was driving I didn't see it streak and instead looked back to the left and saw that this object seemed to slow down to a really slow speed, and as it was night time I couldn't get a good feel for what altitude that it was at. As I've said I was driving and on my way home which is outside of the town limits towards the Taos Pueblo. I slowed down considerably due to me trying to keep this object in my eyesight. At this time I was able to get a good look at it and could see that it was what appeared to be a segmented string of objects which was the center mass and around and leading this, were what appeared to be smaller disk shaped lights which were space evenly around in a v shaped formation. These where what I thought at first to be sparks or flares, but as mentioned, since it had slowed down and I also had been able to travel the half mile down the road at a 15mph speed or so, and had left the town area where the overhead lights diminished the clarity of the night sky, the details stood out quite a bit. I by now had pulled over on the side of the road and could see that this object was moving by now with faster speed and seemed to be banking directly towards an opening between the Taos Mountain/Wheeler peak area and the El Salto peaks area. The object moved in a smooth, almost liquid motion with all of it's satellites moving in unision, and when it approached the opening between these two landmasses, it sort of flowed through the opening, with again, a smooth banking motion. At that point, I could see that on the top of this object were what looked to be a series of flashing lights running from front to back, twinkling in series and at the end of it were three flashing li! ghts, in a triangle shape. At that point, it seemed to just speed up and travel through that area very fast and apparently head northeast where it disappeared behind the Taos Mtn.;36.3923;-105.5822
Two large craft that released a dozen smaller craft which dissapered as the larger craft kept flying;2010-05-29 20:05:00;5 min;two large craft that released a dozen smaller craft which dissapered as the larger craft kept flying At approx. 20:05 MDT my coworker and I saw a group of objects in the eastern sky.  It was late afternoon before sunset.  The objects were two large craft and a group of smaller craft that were flying to the north east.  The smaller craft were randomly dispersed around the two larger craft, and as the group of craft kept moving to the north east the smaller craft disappeared.  The smaller craft did not crash, nor was there any light emitted from them.  The two craft stayed at altitude as they moved through the sky and my co worker and I lost sight of them due to distance.  The craft did not leave an exhaust trail  I estimate that the craft were traveling near the speed of sound, and below the flight ceiling of commercial aircraft.  This is due to the fact that a commercial flight flew overhead at 20:18 MDT and did leave an exhaust trail. From my position the craft were approximately 5 to 7 degrees above the horizon and within 5 miles of my position. The craft stayed in sight for 5 minutes and disappeared due to distance. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sober minded.  PD));36.3923;-105.5822
2 larger craft that released a group of smaller craft.;2010-05-29 20:10:00;10 minutes;2 larger craft that released a group of smaller craft. A follow up report from a previously reported event on the same date. They craft were investigating the MRI machine at the local hospital.  The distance in the previous report is incorrect.  Using Google earth to measure the distance the craft were about a mile away (1.57 Km) when my co-worker and I observed them on Saturday night.   I estimate that the height that they were flying at was about 1000 feet (.305 Km);36.3923;-105.5822
