Parallelogram shaped bright, white light low on the horizon, flashed twice.;2012-10-13 19:00:00;10 seconds;Parallelogram shaped bright, white light low on the horizon, flashed twice. We were visiting Taos on vacation and were driving on Rt. 68 Northeast on our way into town.  It was just after dusk when we saw a rectangular or parallelogram shaped white light low on the horizon.  The very bright light flashed for 5 seconds, as it moved horizontally across the sky.  The light went out for 2 seconds and then flashed again for 3 more seconds and then was gone.;36.3923;-105.5822
An adult male asserts that he and two hunting partners had been witness to a craft, and two alien creatures.;2019-09-01 12:00:00;Minutes;An adult male asserts that he and two hunting partners had been witness to a craft, and two alien-looking creatures. TRANSCRIBED REPORT FROM TELEPHONE CONVERSATION:   NOTE:  THIS REPORT IS UNSUBSTANTIATED, AND NO WRITTEN REPORT HAS BEEN RECEIVED BY THE NATIONAL UFO REPORTING CENTER, AS OF THIS WRITING.  NUFORC IS AWAITING WRITTEN REPORTS FROM ALL WITNESSES, AND THIS REPORT REMAINS IN QUESTION UNTIL RECEIPT OF THOSE FOLLOW-UP REPORTS.  THE FACTS PRESENTED HERE ARE SUBJECT TO AMENDMENT. At 1816 hrs. (PDT) on Tuesday, September 03, 2019, our Hotline received a call from an adult male, who described himself as a bow hunter, hunting for elk in the vicinity of Taos, New Mexico.  He said that the elk season for bow hunting had opened on Sunday, September 01, and that he was hunting with two other hunting partners. According to the source, on the first day of their hunt, two of the hunters witnessed a very strange looking structure, which at first, they thought was some type of building.  However, the area they were in was so remote that they didn't understand what a building would be doing in that area of the forest.   One of the witnesses estimated the craft to be not less than 100 feet in length the other estimated the strange craft's length at not less than 200'. The witnesses did not get a photo of the structure.  They departed the area, but returned to the same location again the next day, September 02nd, to scan the area for any evidence that might be present at the site where the alleged object had been seen resting on, or near, the ground.  During this second visit to the area, the one witness who contacted the National UFO Reporting Center went on to recount that on September 02, he and one of the other partners witnessed two tall, very strange, alien-looking creatures, who were seen standing in the bowl of a small volcanic caldera. The one witness who telephoned the UFO Hotline stated that he would submit a report, upon returning home from his hunting trip, and that he would attempt to convince his two partners to submit reports as well. The individual who called the Hotline added that all three of the witnesses had been quite upset by the events they allegedly had witnessed, and that they were considering returning home early from their hunt. NUFORC was impressed with what we perceived to be the apparent sincerity of the caller during the telephone conversation with him. ((NUFORC Note:  Still no report from the witness, as of September 12, 2019, although he has represented to us that he will send one.  We will post it, when it arrives.  PD));36.3923;-105.5822
