I was looking out my window at my husband lying face down in the grass on our front lawn at 11:30 pm because he celebrated just a littl;1999-11-20 23:30:00;30 SECONDS;((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the author of this report, and she seemed quite sincere and serious-minded to us.  The husband apparently does not remember the event.  PD)) I was looking out my window at my husband lying face down in the grass on our front lawn at 11:30 pm because he celebrated just a little to much that night at a 30th birthday party.  As I was watching out my window to make sure he was ok I saw a light coming up the street and I thought it was a neighbors car coming up the street and the light got closer and closer till it was upon him and circling around and on top of of him but I could not see where the light was coming from so I kept watching because I wanted to know what was going on.  Before I could make some sence out of it I saw, the reflection of lights that were upon him were glemming off of our work van parked infront of our house, I than saw two round colored lights about the size in-between a tennis ball or a soft ball one was red and the other was amber.  I was also assuming that the craft had to be over my house for the reflection to appear in the work van and as fast as it appeared on the van it was gone like it knew it could be spoted.  The whole experence lasted about 30 seconds I just could'nt beleive my eyes when I saw what I saw.  I also feel that this UFO was going to take my husband away because the lights were all around him like they were trying to take him for some weired experiment.  So when it left I brought him inside the house to be on the safe side. THE STORY I GAVE IN THE ABOVE SUMMARY DECRIPTION IS DETAILED ENOUGH AND IF NOT CONTACT ME AT THE INFORMATION BELOW. THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME, ((name deleted));39.9830357446807;-74.1961438297871
Craft speeding in diving position, with an orange/yellow glow. Then it came to a hault and hovered for a brief time then was gone;2016-02-02 19:00:00;10 minutes;Craft speeding in diving position, with an orange/yellow glow. Then it came to a hault and hovered for a brief time then was gone Myself and three other witnesses saw a small aircraft speeding, on a decline with a orange/yellow glow.  We followed it thinking it was a small plane or helicopter losing control, speeding fast and nosediving.  We were in our truck following it thinking it could possibly crash into residential homes or to the Bay.  As we got closer in chase, approaching the woods on our left and the baseball field on our right, it came to a complete halt behind the baseball field, hovering above a home and behind trees.  We turned the corner of the right side of the ballfield and pulled over.  We looked up and saw a octagon/hexagon shape aircraft with a blue light on one side, red light on other, and while lights in the middle.  The height of it in the air was probably at the height of top of water tower, it was very clear to us.  Stepped out of our truck to take a picture, then I moved outside my truck door to get a better angle and the craft shifted to the right and all lights went out and was black.  We could still see the shadow of it, we jumped back in the truck as it started to move behind us back to field.  We still were pursuing it as fast as possible and it crossed over to the woods.  We saw some men at the field watching exactly what we saw, they got in their truck to follow it and then we followed them.  We could not catch up fast enough as the craft went back in larger wooded areas.  Shortly two helicopters came flying up from behind up and were surveying the area with spotlights.  We were told to leave as they blocked and closed the property entrance to the woods, the was the last we saw of it.;39.9830357446807;-74.1961438297871
