It came up through the trees and had red lights spaced around it. I could see it plain as day in front of me;1992-12-15 05:55:00;4 min;It came up through the trees and had red lights spaced around it. I could see it plain as day in front of me It was the last day of hunting season in Mass. i was waiting on my grandmother's steps for it to lighten up a little so i could hunt. She has 110 acres in Lenox, Ma. I was just looking around when i noticed what seemed to be red flashing lights in the trees. I kept watching and it was moving upwards. This saucer came straight up. It didn't have flashing lights but stable red lights kinda spaced out around the disk. It's hard for me to tell you how big it was or how far. It was pretty big though. This is not a case of just seeing something in the sky. It was , as plain as day, right spack dab in front of me, a complete flying saucer. I didn't know what to do. I mean, i was scared but also excited a the same time. i then heard a car coming down the road. I began running towards the road. It's very hard to explain what I was thinking. I was planning on flagging down the car but decided against. A man in full camo with a gun before 6am jumping out in front of a stranger yelling flying saucer, flying saucer I would've probably run myself over and not looked back. Anyway, i stopped running towards the road and headed back to the steps. It was still there but looked like it moved a little west. It then moved down like it was going to land or something. I watched as hard as i could. It didn't land but moved low to the ground back to where i saw it first. It came up in the same spot i saw it the first time. This time while rising above the trees, it seemed to have trouble and looked like it wobbled on its way up. Then there it was again directly in front of me, clearing the trees, it just hovered therefor about 20 seconds i guess, and poof. Like a snap of your fingers it was gone. It literly left a streak of red in the sky. I know some may be reading this thinking that i'm crazy. My friends even said the same thing! But when i insisted that a bunch of us go out there and walk a straight line through the woods they knew i was DEAD serious. And we did. There was probably 15 of us and found nothing at all. I was hoping for burned grass or something. I mean it had to have been landed back there . Hell, i don't know. Listen it was the LAST day of shotgun season in Mass in 92. Wish i knew the exact day. I will find out.  I believe that someone else HAD to have seen it. They just had to!  My grandmother's property borders the Lenox sportman's club. I was hoping that when i searched sightings by the state i would see one in there around the same time on the same day. Who knows, maybe someone will contact me with the same sighting. I really hope so. You wanna know something funny? I went to the library immediately after my sighting and got a few books. Of course everybody's first question was,what did it look like? In the book, UFO's and how to see them, there is the same exact saucer i saw in that book. If anyone is interested in contacting me please do. ((e-address deleted))   Thank you!! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.3667;-73.2750000000001
