A small, oval, metallic object was seen rocking back and forth while flying in a straight trajectory over Lenox, MA.;2008-07-13 17:28:00;2 minutes;A small, oval, metallic object was seen rocking back and forth while flying in a straight trajectory over Lenox, MA. I was sitting outside at a picnic table, facing due east, atop a hill overlooking Laurel Lake in the Berkshire Hills of western Mass., and sipping a cup of coffee while watching some birds flying in the clear blue sky. A metallic sheen caught my eye, and I looked to my right to see a relatively small object (maybe 2 feet to 5 feet in diameter?) flying toward me from the south.  I immediately knew it was something unusual, as it was moving in a strange way—“sliding” on its axis back and forth, back and forth, like a rocking chair—in very precise intervals.  And it did this even as it cruised silently from due south to due north with a straight, level, unwavering trajectory and pace.  My first thought was that it was a child’s Mylar balloon, but when it flew directly in front of me, perhaps only 200 feet in front of me and maybe just 100 feet above the ground, I got a very good look at it, and it seemed much more solid than a balloon.  Also, it moved very deliberately, consistently, and not entirely in alignment with the wind (which, I checked online afterward, was about 10mph from the south/southwest).  I can’t completely rule out the possibility that it actually was a balloon, but I don’t think that it was.  When I got a good look at its shape, it seemed like an oddly flattened, concave oval, with a slight depression in the center that was colored flat white, while the back side of the object was colored cerulean blue.  There was also some part of it, perhaps the sides, that were metallic silver and reflecting sunlight very brightly every time it rocked.  It was this bright, shining glint that initially caught my attention, and it’s also what enabled me to get up from the picnic table, walk around a building and some trees, and continue watching the object on its smooth, straight, northerly trajectory until it disappeared behind a distant tree-line about a mile away.  (The whole sighting lasted maybe 2 minutes.)  I’ve had an abiding interest in UFOs since the early 90s, and I think I may have seen one near Seattle in 1995.  But even though I regularly watch the skies whenever I’m outside, this is the first thing I’ve seen since 1995 that I simply couldn’t figure out.  It was simply bizarre.;42.3667;-73.2750000000001
