A single small jet contrail moving very fast and gaining altitude.;2014-05-18 20:32:00;10 seconds;A single small jet contrail moving very fast and gaining altitude. UFO Report from May 18, 2014  I am reporting this event witnessed by myself alone outside.  It was so unusual, I thought it would be reportable.  I have never made a report like this before.  I am skeptical of UFO’s in general, but believe that people like myself report unusual occurrences in order to find out the truth regarding such occurrences.  There may be a plausible explanation for certain occurrences. I am a retired firefighter, living in the suburbs of Chicago.  I am a U. S. Army veteran.  I have a college degree.  I have always had a keen interest in military aviation and space travel.  I have been to many of the annual Chicago Air and Water Shows at the Lake front.  I watch the skies for jet travel, local and transcontinental, and recognize the “circle route” when I see it.  I also have friends who are airline pilots. Yesterday, May 18th, in the evening, I witnessed what I would call an unusual occurrence.  I was at a local dog park with my Golden Retriever.  It is located at 185 Spring Ave., 60137 (41.865944, -88.044325).  This park has a large open sky area.  At approximately 20:32 hours, right at twilight, I witnessed what looked like a single jet contrail moving across the sky at a very high altitude.  I could not visualize the aircraft, but it seemed very small.  The surprising fact was that the front of the contrail, was moving faster than anything I have ever seen before. The contrail itself was smaller than a commercial aircraft contrail that I have witnessed, single, hazy, and white.  The background of the sighting was blue sky and I was facing north.  It also was evaporating at a fast rate as it crossed the sky.  It was moving from the north to the east, at a heading of approximately 100 degrees.  It disappeared in a very few seconds.  The altitude appeared to be as high as I have ever seen a commercial aircraft.  The aircraft appeared to be moving three times faster than a commercial flight.  The aircraft may have been in a circle route, because it appeared to be gaining altitude in a straight line.  The contrail stopped, and disappeared without any further sighting. So my first thought is maybe a military fighter jet.  I have seen them before at this approximate altitude.  What was missing was the roar of the jet engine.  No sound came from this fast moving aircraft.  That is all I remember at this time. Respectfully submitted;41.864;-88.0671000000002
