2 girls lose track of time while singing Octopus's Garden and taking a short cut through the woods around a pond after seeing a UFO !;1974-08-23 19:30:00;about 3 hours of lost tim;2 girls lose track of time while singing Octopus's Garden and taking a short cut through the woods around a pond after seeing a UFO! On our travels away from my home to my friend's house, we cut through some wooded areas that concealed a barbed wire fence enclosing a compound called Remington Arms. We had done this hundreds of times before, just like all the kids did, but this time we had become frightened while passing through the first woods because of an orange glow which seemed to be illumunating behind some trees in the compound. It was a dry humid summer night, but it smelled strange, like rain or some wierd sweet odor. We started to sing the Beatle's song:Octopus'Garden over & over again as we entered the second section of the dark wooded area. Brushing sounds of branches made us so nervous!  Soon we were at the clearing around the pond and could see the open sky.  We sang a bit louder and tried our best to ignore the orangey glow behind the trees.  I remember that the moon was hanging low and to keep our spirits light we slowly walked along the path toward it and kept on singing.   An object seemed to fly out from inside the Remington Arms compound and we noticed the strange odor in the air again. That wierd sweet odor, but even creepier was the way the tree tops were swaying, especially because there was no wind!   When we had first entered the pond area it felt as if something had been following us from behind the other side of the fence.  My friend was scared and I was too, but acted a bit braver and told her to keep singing and so our voices got louder with nervousness.  As we got closer to the shore of the pond we could see the sky better across the open water.  Suddenly we noticed that it was a triangular shaped ship which appeared without any sound, except for the movement of tree branches brushing together as it emerged from behind some tree tops. The dark triangle cruised directly towards us. It had some bright orange lights and made everything look like a negative film, with that orangey, brown tone. We kept singing, but softer as we couln't believe our eyes. Was this truly a UFO? Time seemed to stand still and must have slipped away because when we finally were able to move away and go down the path, skipping rocks in the strange glow which illuminated our way out of the woods and into the streets, the moon had risen and looked smaller. We hurried to her house as fast as we could and upon arrival everyone was worried. We were three hours late. It was after 11:00 pm and we started out from my house at around 8:00 pm. It was less than a thirty minute walk even with our dilly-dallying!  No-one believed our story and said we each shared an over active imagination. We cried and begged to be believed. Call the authorities! We're telling the truth. and continued to insist that our experience was real! Then the next day my friend's Dad said, Maybe, girls, what you witnessed was only a new aircraft of sometype that the government was testing out. Make sure you both keep away from that area because you'll be caught and convicted of tresspassing! Of course, we didn't heed him and went back the next day afterschool. We sang until our lungs turned blue, but no UFO appeared. Later, after supper at my friends house, she decided to only walk me halfway home, the pond would be the good-bye point. So we sat on rocks in the clearing and began singing Octopus' Garden again. Sure enough, the orangey glow hoovered over the moving tree branches and the UFO softly floated above the water once again, not making any sound. This time we were both frozen with fear and disbelief. Again time slipped by, my friend wore a watch, but when we checked it later, it had stopped. She admitted that maybe she forgot to wind it or push the pin in tight enough after setting it. Whatever happened we'll never know? We ran down the path not even skipping the rocks properly. With soaking sneakers and drenched bell-botttoms, we reached the streetlights and fell to our knees in the middle of the road and began to pray! The older kids in the neighborhood started to make fun of us when we told our tale, so we stopped sharing it! One boy who had a tree house  and lived near the pond told everyone that it was true and that he saw the same UFO! We sorta felt better and became closer than ever before. Eventually,though, we kinda stopped talking about it altogether. Soon we became more interested in teenage things, like love, Rock N Roll, and our developing figures. I was always on the skinny side, butd suddenly started to loose a lot of weight. The boy and my best friend fell in love. Soon after my parents moved to the country, I was hospitalized. The Doctors diagnosed me with Hodgekin's Lymphoma. But the pathology report said some nodes had bizarre changes in them which couldn't be identified! Radiation & Chemotherapy took over my young life. I was just turning sixteen. I lost touch with ALL my childhood friends. The last time we got together was in 1984 after our dear friend, who said he also saw the UFO, committed suicide. My best friend was newly engaged to be married, but suspected that she was barren inside, maybe because of our experience. I haven't seen or spoke to her since. However,I was able to give birth to twin girls in 1986 and in March of 96 or 1997 during the visit of Hale-Bopp Comet, I had bizarre dreams of being abducted and woke up with tiny needle marks on the veins in my right hand. My daughters both had nightmares! One of them saw me on a table in a white room. I couldn't beleve it when she told me that these aliens took her arm off and she saw them doing painful things to her twin sister. I told them that I had a visit too and showed them my hand. I had two tiny unexplainable scabs directly on my veins. I chose not to tell them until later in adulthood that I saw them in the white lights too, and in my dream I also saw that same daughter laying on a table without her arm. God's honest truth! To this day the twins become uncomfortable talking about it. They don't like to remember the bad experience and say that I am making up my admissions just to scare them. I wonder...can generations become targets of study? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.1906331460674;-73.1930814606741
I was sitting on my front porch and noticed a bright light in the distance over the trees. I mentioned it to my fiance and he said it w;1980-09-15 23:00:00;5 minutes;I was sitting on my front porch and noticed a bright light in the distance over the trees.  I mentioned it to my fiance and he said it was an airplane.  I said it couldn't be an airplane because I had been watching it for a few minutes and a plane would have been over us by then.  As we watched, the light got brighter and, when the craft got close, we knew it was a UFO.  The craft was only about 100 feet over our heads.  We called three more family members outside at this point for them to witness what we were seeing.  The craft was HUGE, black and triangular shaped with some lights on the bottom.  The craft made a very low, faint humming noise.  We watched it go over our house.  As it passed overhead, some helicopters and small planes were following it.  Five of us witnessed this sighting.  We didn't discuss this until some years later, when we thought how strange it was that, on a warm Sunday evening, on our usually busy street, we were the only ones out to see this amazing thing.  We wonder now if we were maybe taken and the memories were erased from our minds.  Since then, my son has had sightings where we now live in West Virginia.  After our Connecticut sighting there was no mention in the newspapers or TV news of this craft having been seen.  It was as if the craft was there for us to see and only us.  This sighting occured at about the same time as the sightings in New York state.  We are still profoundly affected by this experience. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));41.1906331460674;-73.1930814606741
Large triangular with lights in a V shape.;1988-05-01 11:15:00;20 minutes;Large triangular with lights in a V shape. The date above is not accurate. Back between may '88 & july '89, I saw a UFO in CT.  It was a LARGE triangular one with lights.  Moved rather slowly, I'd say 40mph if that over Bridgeport CT.  Fact is I was a cop at the time on duty.  Sitting on the booking entry roof making out my end of shift reports & killing 20 min as shift was ending when I spotted this large thing heading almost directly towards me.  While looking at it & realizing it was nothing I ever saw before, I radio'd in my car number ID & said, Any reports of a UFO coming in now?  Then the dispatchers mic keyed in & I can hear about a dozen call takers in the background, laughing, when the dispatcher says Not until you!  I said, well, I am looking directly at one now!  Again, the dispatcher keyed his mic & there was a bunch of background laughter where is it?  I said Im on the booking roof, get out of the basement (of City Hall where dispatch was) & lo! ok to your right, HURRY and you will see it!  So I walked down the ramp as my PD building hid city hall from my view & saw them all coming out to see.  It had to be about 11:15 pm or 11:45pm, cant recall if I was on early or late shift.  By that, I mean so at any given time, there's at least half the cars patrolling, so one shift ends at 11:30, the next 2nd shift ends at 12:00am. So they all came out & were in awe at the size of it.  I radio'd the dispatcher to ask to call the airport as that was about 3-5 miles away and it was heading in that direction & should have had that on radar although this was less than 1,000 feet off the ground.  I don't know what height they pick things up.  Dispatcher said airport says cant see it, nothing on radar.  Within 20 minutes, it was out of sight, but appeared to turn to head in another direction, as if an angle of a triangle, not a U-turn, back towards heading North(?) towards Massachusettes (55 miles away).  I later saw a friend & she too saw it above Stratford. Next day read in the paper that it was spotted up the Hudson river if I recall right. Later over the years watching UFO series documentarys, I believe I saw one that was in Europe that looked like what I saw.  This was huge, I'd say like a football field size at least, even at that height & distance away, less than a half a mile. It was a huge thing, about the size of a football field I'd say, with 6 or 8 lights in a V shape.  There still may be people that work in the complaint bureau or can be easily located to verify this incident I witnessed even though 30 years ago.  With the internet now, it has piqued my interest especially having seen a show recently that showed what I saw. I'm only stating this now as over the years seeing the shows & documentarys, I believe I saw an episode where one was spotted if I recall right, in Europe like the one I saw, but think that was early 90's.;41.1906331460674;-73.1930814606741
three brightly lit arrow shaped  objects observed in night sky;2008-10-06 21:10:00;10-15 minutes;three brightly lit arrow shaped  objects observed in night sky It was around 9:00PM when I looked out of my window and noticed three rectangular or arrow shapes lit up in the sky. They remained completely stationary for about 10 or 15 minutes because I left and returned several times to check and see if they were still there, and they were. They appeared to be in the formation of a chevron.the last time I went back to check they'd vanished. Very curious.;41.1906331460674;-73.1930814606741
((HOAX??))  Microsoft.  ((anonymous report);2019-07-12 09:23:00;Microsoft;Microsoft Seen a green orb shaped then out of nowhere we seen a Triangle shaped with red blue yellow lights moving slowly up close looked like leather with things moving then out of no where we seen a white light appeared out of no where witch looked like a gate way slowly opening but before moving toward's the white light that was opening it disappears in the clouds but before it disappears it was changing shape we was stuck looking at the object we couldn't move or say nothing it was crazy cause we dont know what we was seeing or witnessing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.1906331460674;-73.1930814606741
