Clear day,large cigar shaped object;2009-07-07 13:00:00;5 seconds;Clear day,large cigar shaped object Hello Mr. Davenport  Its been 3 years since i first reported to your site, I’m pretty sure it  was yours, and at the time i didn’t have a scanner and probably did a poor job filling out the form.  I want another try. It's something you don't forget.  What actually got me thinking about it again, surfing channels,there was a show on Discovery channel and they talked about possible energy forms, mercury being one. My story  It was a clear day, a few high cumulus clouds and at least 6 airliners at different altitudes, 20-30 thousand feet.  We get a lot of air traffic. I was driving north on interstate 95,exit227 I travel this road occasionally.  I happened to be looking at a cloud when I saw this cigar shaped object moving through the cloud, I might have seen it for 5 seconds It was moving east to west, about the same speed of the aircraft  around it.I thought,how can all these aircraft not see this?I’d say it was 20-30thousand ft high, may be 20 miles out. The airliners were barely visible other than a con trail. This object was a lot bigger,maybe as big as 6 greyhound buses, big enough to see in detail It seemed to be 1 dimension,there were 3 separate  rotating screens[blue like the sky with small clouds inside ringed by this flowing silver[that's where the mercury comes in] I was alone [unfortunately] I only saw one. I mentioned  it to my son afterwards and  he found a picture  on u-tube, they called it a helix. A grainy picture  but the same shape. I’ve thought about going back to that spot ,under the same conditions and looking for it .The experience has been both exciting and a little scary.Was it some sort of craft or a portal?I’v often looked into the night sky and wondered are we alone?Now I know we’re not.One odd thought I did have, the other day my wife and I were headed south on I 95,got to this exit and I wondered aloud,where did that saying every cloud has a silver lining originate?  I’v been married  33yrs,raised two sons, I do have a web site mrcanoe.com.I would be happy to answer any questions.  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.3489;-68.5061000000001
