Fireball moving across the sky;2010-07-04 21:50:00;2-3 mins;Fireball moving across the sky It was just before 10pm on July 4 in Derby, CT, and my girlfriend and I had just gotten to my house.  I had ran inside real quick to turn on the air conditioner and neighbors were setting off fireworks and an orange ball of fire came from over the trees near where the neighbors were.   My girlfriend yelled to me from outside thinking it was one of the fireworks headed for the house and when I finally got outside to see what she was yelling about, the object continued across the sky from West to East at a constant speed.  At first, I thought it was a plane on fire, but it wasn't exactly a flashing light that you would typically see on an airplane, it really looked like something on fire moving across the sky.  It looked like it was about the size of a plane, but it was flying far to low.  We lost sight of the object after it went over my house, and when we walked around the house to track it, the object was gone.   It could have possibly been a missile launch, it definitely was not fireworks.  I'm not sure how many people witnessed this event other than the two of us.  I'm hoping that we weren't the only ones.;41.3227;-73.0814
Strange orange fireball streaks across sky,stops,shines two lights and turns into spacecraft and bolts straight up and out og sight.;2012-07-04 00:33:00;3 minutes;strange orange fireball streaks across sky,stops,shines two lights and turns into spacecraft and bolts straight up and out og sight. I was walking a friend's dog on Hawthorne Ave., when I noticed what looked like  a round  fireball traveling from Shelton towards Derby fairly low in the sky. This light orange yellow fireball had a darker orange color around the outer edge.  I thought it would shrink and burn out, but it continued to move rapidly towards where I was viewing this fascinating ball of flame, and then I pulled out my phone camera and clicked two photo's from the middle of the street, when all of a sudden the fireball shone two lights that did not blink, but just shone like it was attached to something solid.  Then all of a sudden the whole fireball went straight upwards and then changed directions and headed eastward for a few seconds, then I could see it staying still while clouds passed by, and then it took off straight upwards and out of sight.;41.3227;-73.0814
Witnessed seven Fireball objects flying near the Derby Dam;2012-07-06 21:10:00;5 minutes;Witnessed seven Fireball objects flying near the Derby Dam On the night of July 6, 2012 at approximately 21:10 my brother, best friend and I were fishing at the Derby dam.  At this time we all witnessed a solo fireball, at approximately 5000 feet in the air flying rather slowly over CT Route 34 heading eastwards towards CT Route 8.  This flight seemed to last for about a minute before disappearing into cloud cover.  Approximately 3 minutes later we then witnessed five more fireball looking object flying in the same direction as the first object did.  This time the first three objects flew in a triangle shaped formation while the last two flew side by side.  This time we could see the first formation slow down and speed up, while the second formation mimicked the first group as if it was avoiding crashing into it.  This slowing down and speeding up happened at least five times as the flight of these two formations seemed to take approximately five minutes.  These two formations then disappeared into the cloud cover as did the first solo object.  My best friend then left our location at 21:30 and he went home.   At 22:03, my brother and I were heading back to our vehicle when we witnessed a solo fireball object flying in the same direction as the first six fireball objects.  After watching the flight for a minute we backed up our vehicle and left the dam.;41.3227;-73.0814
