I was 15 years old when my friend and I spotted this light moving in the sky in a strange fashion. Up, down, and sideways in all direct;1995-06-30 10:00:00;3-5 minutes;I was 15 years old when my friend and I spotted this light moving in the sky in a strange fashion.  Up, down, and sideways in all directions and then it just took off at a speed so fast straight up and was gone, just like that, and I knew it could not be a regular aircraft because I had never seen one move in this kind of pattern formation before.   It happened so fast but long enough for me to notice.   At the time I thought I was the only one who had seen this object until my friend next to me said, did you just see that?   I nodded yes and was still confused by my observation but I still to this day 17 years later will never forget that mysterious and  encounter!;40.9058;-73.3381
no crafts were seen, only a brilliant silver-blue light that moved north to south ....;1998-03-11 20:10:00;2 seconds;no crafts were seen, only a brilliant silver-blue light that moved north to south .... My friend and I were sitting in my car on 3/11/98 at the docks in northport, long island.  As we sat talking, a very bright light filled the car and appeared to move through the car from south to north. It lasted about 2 seconds.  We both looked around to see what kind of vehicle would have such brilliant headlights, but there were no other cars or trucks pulling in or out at that time.  We then discussed whether it may have been someone taking a picture.  Bu it was late, very cold out and no-one was appeared to be outside. At that moment, there were no planes overhead.  The light itself was silver-blue in colour and illuminated the interior of my car for those brief seconds.  Although we have no idea what the light may have been, my friend was able to relate the light back to two other events similar in nature.  So there you have it.;40.9058;-73.3381
blue light  changing shape and brightness;2002-07-13 23:59:00;3 minutes;blue light  changing shape and brightness I would like to first say I understand how important your website is. I have a hard time discussing the topic with friends and family. I have had numerous sighting and experiences since I was a child. Last year on the same day on July,07/13/02, I went to sleep in my bed room around 12 A.M. I was laying in my bed watching the television for around a half an hour. Nothing much was on the t.v, so I turned it off and started to close my eyes. The lights were off and the room was pitch black. I was still awake. I want to make it very clear that I was awake and not drifting off to sleep. I've had a real problem falling asleap in the past two years, I've seen a doctor about this. On a usual night I will just lay in bed thinking about the day and things going on in my life. This is what I was doing that night. I all of a sudden felt strange and heard a faint sound, almost like that of a pool filter being on. It was a kind of humming, but not loud at all. I felt nervous and looked out of the window by my bed. Above my roof was a blue light. It changed colors and sizes, yet did not seem to be moving. Still in bed, I tried to get up, but found my body frozen. I could not move. Then suddenly I felt my legs being pulled and my body being moved from my bed. I tried to scream, but I could not talk. I became worried that I would stop breathing. I have never been so scared in my life. The strange thing is that this is all I remember. I regained control over my body and got out of bed and looked out of the window. The light was gone. I glanced over at my alarm clock, andit read 2:30 A.M. Over two hours had passed, but the whole experience felt like only minutes I am positive that I did not dream this, and know that I was awake the entire time of the occurance. This was not the last time this kind of episode has happended. Only a month ago I had two similar things happen. One was scary as all hell! I was laying in bed ready to fall asleap when a small light, almost like a lighting bug flew by my dresser. ! Then I was frozen and could not move, but I could move my eyes. My head was facing my couch and there I saw  Myself  sitting on the couch. I was so stricken with fear, it was so real. I was watching myself from a behind the scenes point of view. I then fell asleep. I've had missing time episodes all of my life, and numerous times I've seen strange moving lights in the sky. One time I watched an unidentified object flying in circles and changing color, I saw it from the raod and followed it to scudder Beach on Long Island. I saw a suffolk county police car parked near by and asked if the officer would take a look. The two of us watched in awe this strange light.  Anyway I thought I would write what has happened in my life. Do what you want with it, draw a conclusion. But the fact is these things happened and scare me.;40.9058;-73.3381
Unexplainable bright light in the sky in Long Island Ny.;2008-12-29 18:40:00;about one hour;Unexplainable bright light in the sky in Long Island Ny. On the night of December 29th 2008 around 6:40 pm my boyfriend and I noticed 4 to 5 extremely bright lights in the sky during a drive to our friends home. The sighting originally took place as we were driving down Ocean Avenue in Northport,Suffolk County Long Island. Whenever we drive down that road, which is practically every night, I always look out at the view because it overlooks the water and is very scenic and beautiful. I was startled immediately by it because it was very unusual and there isn't a huge amount of plane traffic especially in that area. It appeared to be very very bright shining lights in the sky. I was unsure at first whether or not they were some kind of man made lights on some kind of building because of how bright they are but I know the location and there are only residential homes in the area beneath the road by the water and the lights were clearly not a part of anything. I pointed them out to my fiance who was driving and he couldn't tell what they were either. It did not look as if they were in any precise formation. They all seemed very close up, way to big and bright to be stars and definitely not planes. They seemed to hover or stay in one place. They were at all different heights in the sky, some lower some higher but in the immediate vicinity of one another. As we continued to drive I could continue to see one in the sky. We drove from Ocean Avenue to 25A and when we stopped at a light at the corner of Waterside and 25A there was that one huge bright light still visible in the sky. I frequently look up at the night sky and admire the stars and watch planes, it is something that has always stunned me. This was definitely NOT a plane. In fact there seemed to be quite a few planes in the sky which added to my suspicion that it was something unexplainable. Seeing the light in comparison to the planes really showed me how distinctly different it was. When we stopped at the light I wanted to make sure it wasn't moving, that it was hovering or stationary. I wa! tched it for about 30 seconds between two tree branches to see if it was moving even slightly. It seemed to stay in place perfectly and maybe move very very slightly to either side. It was shining like nothing I have ever seen in the sky almost like it was a light that was rotating or oscillating. I then called my sister and parents who live right up the road in Fort Salonga. They kept asking me to take a picture of it but whenever I would try to with my cellphone the quality was so poor that it did not look like anything significant. I was able to take a video of it on my phone but again it looked barely visible and it was very frustrating. As we continued to drive I lost sight of it but then it was visible again when we were driving down the Sunken Meadow state parkway. We pulled into our friends neighborhood in Commack Ny and the one bright light was STILL visible outside of his home. We told him to take a look at it and he said that he has noticed it before but couldn't tell us what it was. When we went inside I could see it through his bedroom window and I noticed an extremely low flying plane in the sky while we were looking at it. ( Maybe trying to also see what it was?). I did not look out the window for about 15 minutes or so because my fiance was having a panic attack or feeling really anxious for no apparent reason. When I looked out again it was totally absent from the night sky. My mother called my Grandmother who lives in Ridge Ny which is about 20-30 miles East of where we were and she also spotted it in the sky. The whole experience/sighting lasted about an hour and it was visible from a pretty impressive radius throughout Long Island. There are six witnesses I know of who have seen this particular light in the sky. I wanted to report this to see if possibly anyone else had noticed anything bizarre or strange. I have a very poor quality video of it on my cell phone but it is not distinctive and it looks so small on tape when it was so massive in real life. I am guessing this is due to the quality! of the lens and camera on the phone. I wish I could have gotten better recorded proof but 6 people throughout four different towns saw it so I am at least glad I wasn't alone in seeing it. It did not seem to be descending or moving around at all. When I originally saw the 4 to 5 other lights I lost track of them behind the trees and only the one light was visible the duration of the sighting. My fiance does suffer from anxiety but we were fine the entire way there and I thought maybe there could be a correlation between him feeling that way and what was in the sky. We had no car troubles and I only saw a white light. My mother claims that while she was watching it it was changing colors but I did not notice that. Since there were more than one maybe it is possible that she was looking at something different than I was. She said she thought it could maybe be a star dying but that wouldn't explain how many I originally saw and the light was so bright.;40.9058;-73.3381
Four circular hazy lights circling and criss-crossing in the sky for 5-10 min.;2012-07-10 23:00:00;5-10 minutes;Four circular hazy lights circling and criss-crossing in the sky for 5-10 min. Four circular pale white-green lights in the sky overhead for 5-10 minutes, starting together, then separated into a wider and wider circumference and criss-crossed each other, then come back together in a regular repeating pattern.   The lights were hazy and did not appear to be search lights or any natural weather related phenomenon we've ever seen.  My husband and son observed them too, and the dog was freaked out by them.   Then it just stopped abruptly. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.9058;-73.3381
Round light shot across Northport - Huntington Long Island then it shot straight up.;2012-11-22 23:30:00;1 minute;A round light shot across Northport - Huntington Long Island then it shot straight up I was looking west from Northport, NY, Long Island. I seen a white light that was round shoot a cross the sky from the south going north.  While I was looking west.  Then it stoped short for 3 - 5 seconds.  Then it shot straight up.  This was on Thanksgiving at about 11:30 pm.;40.9058;-73.3381
