Fighter jet chasing object in the sky over south Alabama;1972-10-29 15:30:00;15 seconds;Fighter jet chasing object in the sky over south Alabama. A friend and myself 34 years ago were traveling down a dirt road on our way to hunt in some local timberland areas.  We are from a small town in southwest Alabama.  As we travelled down the road we were talking and shooting the breeze like most teenagers would be doing.  I don't remember which one of us first noticed the object, but, we observed a shinny object streaking across the sky.  We took the time to decide if it was a plane with the sun reflecting off it or not.  We came to the quick conclusion that it was simply a cigar shaped object moving at a very rapid pace across the clear blue sky.  We of course, could not determine the speed or size of the object , however it was quickly making its way out of our view.  Stunned at what we saw, we both decided it must have been a jet of some kind flying extremely lower then we antiscipated and fast, until we noticed a fighter jet on the same plane and general area of flight pattern as the first object.  It appeared to be chasing or mirroring the objects movements but obviously not moving as fast as the object had been moving.  But it was evident that they were not the same size and the sun was not reflecting off the jet, so the first object must have been different.  Whether or not we were witnesses to a ufo or not, it is a memory that will never leave me.  I would like to believe it was.  It has been a thought of mine for all my life, that we would be a very arrogant planet of people to think in all the universe, that we were the smartest or even alone in the vastness of space.  Who are we to think God didn't experiment with many planets with many Adams and Eves.  And if on one of those other planets, Eve didn't eat the apple, wouldn't that society of people, all of like thinking without hate, judgement, and malice, all come together thousands of years ago to learn, invent, and explore the universe quicker than the way our society of warlords and human haters have done it?  Wouldn't and couldn't they have come a long way further in a shorter period of time than we did because we were greedy and self absorbed in ourselves rather then working together for the common good?  Our world is too busy tending to each others business and building technology to destroy each other, rather than building a united world toward the betterment of mankind.  They would be so far more advanced then we will ever make it. I personally believe  all this is very possible.  If we developed in a world of togetherness, just what could we have invented or produced to this point?  Anyone who says we are alone in the universe, is a fool.  As much as anyone who says there is no God is one.  Athiest are the dumbest people around.  Smart wisdom would say that you should believe in God and the afterlife and other life.  After all, the atheist has nothing to live for after they die, but if they are wrong, they will be sorry.  Smart money says take the Christian way , just in case, we are right , and you are wrong.  You have nothing to lose doing it the Chirstian way, because your way just ends either way..  Why take the chance?  The same way of believing in ufo's.  If we don't believe as a society, then we lose the wonder of it.  If they do exist, then we have much to learn about how we treat each other.  If they do exist, then hopefully someone will prove it one day, and our world of greedy selfabsorbed people, might, just might, grow the hell up and work together.  Enough said....  Tell me what you think.  ((e-address deleted));31.5153;-87.3409999999999
