Two lights observed in north sky;2004-12-04 21:00:00;30 min;Two lights observed in north sky A light with no sound hovering in the sky about 45 degrees from horizon.  After several minutes observing the light, a second light appeared out of nowhere and joined up with the first light.  The two then traveled together across the north sky until out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));38.653;-92.7801
cars in the sky?;2007-03-08 19:30:00;30-45 minutes;cars in the sky? I am an avid watcher of the sky. Always listening and looking for aircraft, of the military kind. Living 65 miles East of Whiteman Air force base, I am fortunate to see a lot of aircraft day and night. On this particular night, it was clear with no wind, and warm enough to be out with a light jacket. I was standing on the upstairs porch when I noticed two stealth bombers flying slowly to my South heading East toward Whiteman. I glanced around and noticed what I thought to be a satellite making it’s way across the night sky. That is when I realized it was heading directly toward me. It appeared to be a car with it’s head lights on bright, heading North to South as it approached I could tell it was some sort of aircraft. While it was directly over me I noticed three greenish white lights in the shape of a triangle underneath the craft, rather close in formation, not at each wing. There were no other lights on the craft to help identify its shape.  Once it pasted over me I could no longer see it, however there was a noise, like when the stealth is in silent mode and you hear the air moving across the wings, however unlike stealth, there was no initial rumble as it approached.  Just as this craft made it’s way on, I could feel a vibration, almost as if it were in my chest, not an external vibration. I looked up to see to aircraft one apparently winging for the other. They appeared to be large, larger than stealth the only light visible on these two craft very two small bluish lights on the underneath. These two craft were heading East to West. Not more than two seconds behind them were two stealth’s’ (I feel I pretty good at identifying them with their two stationary lights on the back to wings.)  The two craft I could not identify seemed to vanish as I watched the stealth’s tail them.  Shortly after this sighting I noticed four aircraft to my North that appeared to be dog fighting and two more Stealth’s heading in a Southeasterly direction.  Nothing about these craft made me uneasy, no more than people felt when the Stealth was first made public. But I just wonder has anyone else seen the ‘flying cars’ as I like to call them. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.653;-92.7801
While driving home from work on Tuesday November 27, 2007 I noticed in the sky what appeared to be a line of large orange lights.  I th;2007-11-27 18:00:00;45 seconds;While driving home from work on Tuesday November 27, 2007 I noticed in the sky what appeared to be a line of large orange lights.  I thought at first it must be my imagination because it flared up out of nowhere.  Then the lights began blinking, they shut off and then on three times with a different series each time.  For example there were two lights on then four and then five or six.  I am the first person that would say this was not a believable event but I was there and I saw it.  I don’t know if it is some sort of helicopter with a light bar attached but I have never seen anything like this before.  It was very disturbing to see on a dark country road.  This event happened on highway B approximately eight miles outside of the town of Tipton, Missouri.;38.653;-92.7801
