USAF pilot on ground in Yelm sees hovering, moving orange light near Mt. Rainier.;2001-11-30 20:50:00;ten minutes?;USAF pilot on ground in Yelm sees hovering, moving orange light near Mt. Rainier. I am a former USAF pilot and know this was NOT a fixed wing, helicopter, air balloon, or satellite. There was a very high, almost occlusive, layer of clouds this night. From Yelm, I saw a distinct orange dot of light(about the size you would see the planet Mercury on a clear night) hovering due east of my location at about 35 degrees above the horizon. It was generally stationary, but would move 2 to 4 degrees left, right, up or down at least one time in each minute. It's changes in direction were instant. Twice in the ten minutes I watched it, it made large movements, once dipping slowly down to the horizon, and once moving about twenty degrees north. Then it would return to it's original location and hover. If this was not a UFO, it may have been a cloud layer reflection of a laser someone was aiming at the sky? It ended at almost exaclty 21:00 -- maybe a good indication it was the end of some laser targeting exercise at Fort Lewis. My neighbor and my son saw it too. I'm curious to know who else saw it.;46.921;-122.5938
Very bright, unmoving object in eastern sky that suddenly faded to invisibility over about six seconds.;2006-09-01 20:55:00;20 Seconds;Very bright, unmoving object in eastern sky that suddenly faded to invisibility over about six seconds. While driving eastward, I noticed a brilliant, star-like object about 40° above the horizon with brightness between that of Venus and Jupiter when observed on the local meridian.   The object was unmoving, and I wondered if my dream of seeing a supernova before I died was about to be fulfilled.   The object was unmoving, and I could not discern any other lights associated with it, as with an airplane.  After viewing it for about 20 seconds, the light faded to zero in approximately 5-7 seconds.  Prior to this its light output was steady, insofar as I could observe with the unaided eye.   Of course, Jupiter was low in the west at the time of the sighting, and I saw it, as well as the moon, which was just past first quarter, i.e., in waxing gibbous phase.    Venus can never appear where this object did since its greatest eastern elongation is about 47°, as I recall.   Sirius, the brightest star, is not as bright as this object was, and, of course, it's a wintertime object.   I don't have a ready explanation for what this object could have been. ((NUFORC Note:  The only Iridium flare visible on this date would have occurred at 22:15 hrs.  Therefore, the sighting probably was not of an Iridium satellite flare.  It may have been the landing light on an airliner, approaching from the east, but that is only one of many possibilities.  PD));46.921;-122.5938
2-Light's seen one stopped over head for about 1-hour till cloud's rolled-in tried to act like a star.;2012-10-02 05:25:00;1 hour;2-Light's seen one stopped over head for about 1-hour till cloud's rolled-in tried to act like a star. I was outside looking at the moon when all of all of a sudden I see a yellowish looking light moving from the NW to the SE direction.,there where no FAA beacon's visible just a bright yellow light.  As I am watching this thing go across the sky I ran into another light moving in the same direction only higher up in altitude,then it stopped almost directly above me and just stayed there., If I didn't observe it moving before it stopped I would never new it was anything more that a star, only lower and more yellowish than any star I've seen.;46.921;-122.5938
Orange light moving across sky  slowly absolutely no sound.;2013-03-12 00:00:00;2-3 minutes;orange light moving across sky  slowly absolutely no sound Myself and my man around 12-1 am, witnessed an orange light moving across the sky south to north crossing directly over our heads crossing over nisqually river near the nisqually pines no sound slowing down what appeared to be our military bases back forty.;46.921;-122.5938
Abnormal for meteor, no flare, no sparks, no burn out no change at all hor. to hor., 8 sec..  ((NUFORC Note:  Senior pilot.  PD));2017-07-29 21:58:00;7-8 seconds;UFO abnormal for meteor, no flare, no sparks, no burn out no change at all horizon to horizon, 8 seconds. At about 9:58 pm on 7-29-17 a bright white and green light with a long trail similar to a meteor EXCEPT there was ZERO change in size, shape, color, tail, trajectory, or altitude, from horizon to horizon, and we did NOT see is diminish at all.  We were near Yelm, a town on a prairie plateau in the South Puget Sound area, with a big sky view. The color was silver white, with a long bright white needle like tail much longer than I have ever seen with a meteor.  It had inside the small super bright oval shape a small faint green color to the core with a very short green tinting into the beginning of the tail.  The green was only by the object itself, it did not bleed into the tail more than about 5% of the overall length with its full tail. This is more conducive of a missile, than a meteor, in that its magnitude never changed.  The light was identical to the light of small missiles, such as patriot missiles, but much faster, and much longer.  As for the flare of missiles right at the front of the propulsion fire we couldn't see well, it was too far off, but it appeared to have a faint flare to it, not quite doubling it thickness at that point only, it didn't trail at all, almost like just a blur around the start of the burn area. This did not look at all like a meteor after initially seeing it, and it appeared to be about 40,000 to 70,000 alt., and if so, would put the speed about mach 10.  I flew flight test in Lear's, and I know what I saw.  It did not appear to change altitude in the least. Furthermore, EVERY meteor I have seen acted identically the same.  This was only fast and bright, no other similarities to meteors. It DID NOT flare up and fade off as meteors do.  It DID NOT have the orange and particulates that flare off meteors in about the middle of their entry to our atmosphere.  There were no sparks or glittering. I did not have a compass with me last night, but looking at the map I put the direction of travel near 350 degrees. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report is a very experienced pilot.  During a telephone conversation with the witness, he reported that the object was approximately 12-15 degrees to the east of overhead, and that it traversed approximately 140-150 degrees, from south to north, in approximately 7-8 seconds.  Further, he estimated that the object's apparent size was just a bit less than Venus, in the eastern morning sky.  He added that he did not believe that the object was a meteor.  PD));46.921;-122.5938
Long string of lights.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-17 21:45:00;10 minutes;Long string of lights moving SW to NE.  Some lights actually appeared to pass others, but they are in no discernible pattern. No sound was heard.;46.921;-122.5938
