object hovered, then separated into two sections and flew away;1999-11-15 20:00:00;15 minutes;object hovered, then separated into two sections and flew away At the time this happened I was employed by a Court Clerk and my son was a student at the local middle school. Apprx. 23:00 i was driving my son home from some school function and I we were about 1/2 mile from our home I noticed some werid lights in the sky.  It was just before 8:00 p.m. and was compleletly dark out. I noticed them because they were so low to the ground.  I kept driving toward my home and pointed them out to my 12 yr old son and said to him what the heck is that?  He said what I guess all 12 yr olds would say I dunno know & went back to the radio.  As I proceeded up our street I kept saying what the heck is that.  In the late 80's I lived next to a US Marine air base and helicopters were always flying overhead.  I dont mean the little news helipcopters but the but huge kind.  Super Stallions and some other kind.  Anyways, I first thought that it was a helicopter cause these werid lights where just hovering.   But I would be dammed if I couldnt hear the helicopter.  Once thing I remember about those big helicopters is you can hear them and feel them when they fly that low to the ground. I couldnt get a good fix on the shape of these lights because of trees and homes, but about 30-40 yards from my home I got a very very close look at this thing.  I stopped the car, but kept the engine running and opening the window and I couldnt hear a thing, nothing silence except for the neighborhood dogs barking.  The object was no particular shape.  The closest we could come up with was the lights made it look like the letter T upside down. I turned the radio off and still nothing but silenec. By now my son, but now gave his full attention to this thing. We stared at this thing and we both remarked that it was nothing like we ever saw before.  My son kept saying it had to be a helicopter.  We were looking toward the northeast approx. 100 yards away from us and was flashing colored lights in not particular sequence.  After apprx 5 minutes a section of this thing separated from itself and kep! t hoveri ng while the main section took off in the sky toward the east.  Then after a moment or two the smaller of now 2 sections took off after the larger section.  We took on after it  and watched it move very fast across the sky and out of our vision. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));46.921;-122.5938
A moon shaped object and the dream i thought was a dream;2002-08-22 12:30:00;30;A moon shaped object and the dream i thought was a dream I was standing in the kitchen looking through my back window and i saw what i thought was a full moon threw the trees then i realized that it wasnt a full moon and that it was a large circular glowing ball i went and woke up my boy friend on the couch so he could see what it was and then when we got back to the window we could see the circular object moving up through the trees and what seemed to be was colored lights at the bottom.What i thought was a dream was reality when i thought i was asleep i thought i saw three little men beside my bed the next thing i know im trying to scream but cant and i am going up through a white beam of light the next thing i know its morning and i got up for work and i notcied my left ear and nostril was hurting and i had a blister on my lip also my face felt swollen like i was sun burnt last thing was that i culd not put my arm under cold water for about a week because it felt wierd like radiation. My kids went out that day after the sight and checked it out what we saw was unusual all the grass was flattned and in a circler way i dont quite know what happened but i will never forget this for as long as i live. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));46.921;-122.5938
orange balls that stretched out for about 10 minutes.;2002-10-31 06:40:00;10 minutes;orange balls that stretched out for about 10 minutes. My dad and me were waiting for the bus around 6:40 in the morning. We saw a orange ball that stretched out. We thought it was an airplane but when we saw more coming we knew they could not be airplanes. The crafts hovered for about 5 minutes, then they started decending together from 2 diffrent directions. thats all I saw because the bus came.;46.921;-122.5938
