Bright yellowish light, size approx. pea at arms length.  Passed dead silent overhead at estimated 1000 ft. Straight line trajectory fr;1999-03-07 20:30:00;4 Seconds;Bright yellowish light, size approx. pea at arms length.  Passed dead silent overhead at estimated 1000 ft. Straight line trajectory from 240 degrees WSW to 60 degrees ENE. Passed from that point directly overhead (in a temporary hazy sky condition.)  Light disappeared from view behind buildings in the ENE at approx. 50 degrees above horizon. First observed approx. 35 degrees off WSW horizon while viewing the Pleiades star cluster. The strange light passed from that point to directly overhead (within a temporary hazy sky condition).  Light disappeared from view behind building in the ENE (approx. 60 degrees compass), about 50 degrees above horizon.  Silently traveled the distance in approx. 4 seconds. Too fast for a plane, too slow for a shooting star plus no tail.  Constant yellowish light. I am age 56 years.  Owner of national manufacturing company producing our own patented products of which I hold U.S. and Canadian patents.  I am a self educated man and for 30 years consider myself an amateur astronomer with a keen interest for anything that moves in the sky.  We live on the main approach for Van Nuys and Burbank airports, so I am very familiar with aircraft of all types.  Over the past 30 years I have seen many strange sights in the night sky.  But nothing that I could not resolve in my own mind.  I have studied UFO evidence all my life since Donald Kehoe.  I have read everything possible over the years and consider this to be the biggest mystery of my lifetime.  If you are ever in need a competent volunteer in the Los Angeles area,  I would be most interested in helping.;34.1671;-118.5373
Bright green light hovering in the sky that suddenly descended rapidly in a zig zag formation until it dropped out of my line of sight.;2014-01-02 03:00:00;2-3 minutes;Bright green light hovering in the sky that suddenly descended rapidly in a zig zag formation until it dropped out of my line of sight. I went out on my porch with my husband to take my Labrador to the bathroom, when out on the horizon we both saw a shining green light that was so brilliantly bright that at first I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.  It hovered for about a minute and a half maybe longer in silence.  Then the bright green light suddenly dropped in the sky and proceded to descend in a very fast and strange zig zag formation until it dropped out of our line of sight, over by the Encino CA, area.  The track of houses were also disrupting my line of sight, after the strange descent of the green light.  I was scared and my husband who wants to leave this entire thing alone however, was in agreement that this wasn't a common helicopter light like the one's we are used to seeing every day and night, being the Van Nuys airport is 3 miles away from where we live.  This time was different!  We have seen everything from the police helicopters, to the infrared helicopters and the sesna! planes and private jet lights as well as the common passenger and cargo planes.  However this time the direction of this green light or object in the sky was over towards Ventura Blvd. and Busway, which is opposite the direction of The Van Nuys Airport, CA.  I am not sure what it was.  However I felt the need to report it because I want to validate what it was I saw, almost as if I am hopping for an explanation other than that of what my gut is telling me,   Thank you for your time.;34.1671;-118.5373
