'91, SF Valley. 5 small, bright, low-flying red spheres, followed fwy traffic: melded together from 5-3-1-2-4 total. West-to-East;1991-12-05 19:30:00;3.5min;'91, SF Valley. 5 small, bright, low-flying red spheres, followed fwy traffic: melded together from 5-3-1-2-4 total. West-to-East Observer #1: Myself. I am an engineering drafter of 24 years. Observer #2: My close friend who was a waitress, and the driver of the vehicle we were in during this event. While traveling East on the Ventura fwy (hwy 101), our car approached the halfway point between Winnetka Blvd & Tampa Blvd (this would be at Corbin Ave) when the event began. As the passenger in the front seat, I had been facing to my left (North) while speaking with my friend. At this point near Cornin Ave, I took brief notice of an intense, red light in the far corner of my left eye. I assumed for a split second that a helicopters nav light was responsible for the bright glow. What initially drew my attention was the low altitude of the objects flight path(approx 90-120ft): By looking level thru the drivers side windows, the object was clearly visible. I looked away momentarily as I was in conversation, but returning my stare almost immediately. It was travelling East, slightly faster than traffic (65mph) and was moving parallel to the fwy trafic. With my attention now sharply focused on the object in question, we could see that 5 (five) objects were clearly in a flight formation: a straight, level line extending perpendicular to the fwy structure, and only about 200-300ft from the fwy. The objects were identical in every describable aspect,... and all were sparkling (not flaming) beautiful red spheres. The spheres were approx 30ft in diameter, and approx 120ft center-to-center. Not only were background urban features visible between spheres, but very subtle, yet distinct vertical variations of the altitude of individual spherical entities confirmed that they were indeed not (physically observable) conjoined entities. During this entire event, at no point did the entities appear to deviate from the estimated altitude/speed/direction/distance: Making for an exceptional viewpoint for us, for the duration. Beyond the point being perpendicular to my vehicle (& while the entities briefly appeared as a singularity) and where individuals were clearly visible again, something radical in their orientation to one another developed rapidly. Each of the outermost two spheres began, simultaneously, to close the gap between its nearest neighbor in flight: encroaching on the sphere next to it!: I feared some sort of accident and/or crash. However, there were no visible cautionary measures taken by the two spheres apparently being jeopardized. In fact, the moving two entities simply continued on their collision course, to eventually meld with the neighboring spheres: All of which now totalled three! Very soon afterwards (only seconds), the outermost pair of entities embarked on the same course of action as their previously described counterparts,... and melded with the central spherical figure, and with the same methodical ease! Only one entity existed now. Note: At no point did any sphere, individual or combined or transitional, exhibit any deviation from the original observed color/shape/speed/altitude/direction. Within a few moments, our companion sphere (now approx 1/4mi ahead of us) quite casually split into two distinct entities,... and similarly, each of the new pair divided themselves, now formimg a group of four individuals. This talley was not observed to change. It appeared as though the unusual transformations within this event transpired over approx one minute. Since they had been travelling slightly faster than traffic, the theatrics of combining & dividing had ceased when the group of spheres was approx 1/2-3/4mi ahead of my vehicle. By their brightness, this new group of four spheres was clearly visible up to approx 2mi away. The pitch of the fwy eventually severed our line-of-sight view. We were left astonished. It seems evident that my friend & I were in perfect position to view the intelligent flight management display of either directly or remotely operated craft,... or simply that of Light Beings or pure consiousness. I am to this day, grateful for that night. This was my 8th sighting, and the 2nd for my friend, who also saw her first one with me approx 6mo earlier. I will write of this one in future. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));34.1671;-118.5373
Ball of white light near contrail. Moving from left to right, hovering in sky. Zoomed in and out of view.;2006-11-16 10:00:00;20-25 seconds;Ball of white light near contrail. Moving from left to right, hovering in sky. Zoomed in and out of view. On November 13, 2006 around 10 am, I went outside in my backyard and sat down eating breakfast.  It was a beautiful sunny warm say, and the sky was blue with little or no clouds in my view.  There was this trail of contrail that I was looking at, and it was a bit wierd because most contrails that I have seen span horizontally, but this one was vertical, it almost looked like an aircraft shot straight up, but I dismissed this thinking that im looking at this at a bad angle.  About a minute later something remarkable happened. I noticed a BRIGHT white sphere shaped object near this contrail. In my mind i assumed it was this object that created the contrail and thought it was just another aircraft.  But just by looking at it, I knew something was wrong. This object was just hovering there, I got up and went closer and this just reafirmed what I was seeing, it couldnt have been an aircraft, it was just hovering there completely motionless.  This ball was too bright to be an aircraft, it wasnt blinking and did not have any lights blinking on it either.  As I was looking at this object, the brightness of this object and how it just stayed there baffled me.  Then it started moving towards my direction, it got even MORE brighter, I was shocked it was going back and forward.  Then it zoomed out of view, it got less brighter. Then it zoomed back in closer towards earth and it got even more brighter.  Then it zoomed out again, and this time the ball of white light was getting less brighter, it then turned into a white dot in the sky, then completely disappeared from the sky.;34.1671;-118.5373
Spherical object hovering in the sky consistently changing colors from blue, green, and red.;2014-10-20 05:45:00;1 minute;Spherical object hovering in the sky consistently changing colors from blue, green, and red. I saw an unknown spherical object hovering in the sky.  It consistently changing colors from blue, green, and red. Its movements were too precise to be an airplane or helicopter, plus it was silent. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.1671;-118.5373
