Object was at tree level, approximately 200 feet in diameter and made no noise.;1988-11-15 05:30:00;1 minute;Object was at tree level, approximately 200 feet in diameter and made no noise. I was approaching the Dexter, NY airport early in the morning on my way to work.  It was dark.  From about a mile away I saw a bright light at the airport.  I passed it off as just being the beacon.  When I got closer I was shocked to see that there were two separate sources of light, one being the beacon and the other being unidentified. When I got to the precise area where the light was, which was about 1/4 mile from the airport beacon, I saw the object producing the light.  It was about 100 yards away from me at a position just above the tree tops.  I had a very good view of the craft.  I exited my truck and stood at the side of the road observing it for approximately 1 minute.  It was saucer shaped but had flat sides which did not come to a point. It was approximately 200 feet in diameter and had bright lights around its peerimeter and on to and bottom.  The lights varied in color from green to blue to white. It made absolutely no noise.  As I watched it I made a decision to leave the road to attempt to get underneath the craft as it was only 100 yards away.  I heard a vehicle coming down the road and looked in that direction to see if they were going to obvserve the object and slow down or stop.  I was only looking in that direction for a second or two and when I turned my head to watch the object again, it was gone.  It had made no noise at any time.  As I forgot to mention its height, which was about  20 to 30 feet.;44.01;-76.0686
craft was close, silent, brightly illuminated, and appeard to be examining the local airport.;1988-11-15 05:30:00;5 minutes;craft was close, silent, brightly illuminated, and appeard to be examining the local airport. craft was hovering soundlessly about fifty yards from the road just above treetop.  It had lights of green blue white yellow underneath, on the sides and on top.  I observed it from a few miles away and pulled over when abreast of it.  I exited my vehicle and observed it for approximately one minute.  It was only about sixty yards from me on the diagonal.  It made no noise. It was about 150-200 feet in diameter.  I glanced away for a second or two as I saw a car in the distance in my peripheral vision.  when I returned my gaze to the crafts location,  it was gone.  It made no noise whatsoever and virtually 'disappeard'.;44.01;-76.0686
large saucer shaped object with many colored lights, very close to me;1988-11-15 05:30:00;1 minute-2mins;large saucer shaped object with many colored lights, very close to me Driving to work near at 5:30 AM  passing the Dexter, NY airport.  I saw a bright light in sky, assumed it was the airport beacon.  As I got nearer, I was able to see two distinct, separate lights, one which was the beacon.  I got even closer and could see that this object emitting the light was about 1/4 mile past the airport and somewhat in-line with the airport beacon due to my perspective.   I passed the airport and neared the object and could clearly see it was a UFO.  I stopped adjacent to its position alongside the road and exited my vehicle to better observe it.  The object was large and saucer shaped with bright lights of different colors along its outer rim and on top and bottom.  The object was approximately 150' or more in diameter, and approx 10-20feet in height, and was stationary just above tree level and less than 100 meters from my postion.   I got a very good look at it.  The profile of the object was 'eye' shaped but it was round.  It made no! noise nor disturbance.  I watched it for a minute or so.   I heard another car approching from the east and looked to see if the vehicle was going to stop.  I returned my gaze to where the UFO was and it was gone.  It was only about two seconds that my gaze was averted. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));44.01;-76.0686
It was treetop level and only 100 yards or less away;1989-11-15 05:30:00;3-5 minutes;It was treetop level and only 100 yards or less away Driving to work early in the morning, it was still dark outside.  When I was about a mile or so from the local airport I noticed a bright light, brighter than I remember the beacon light to be.  I drove on not paying it much attention, assuming it was the airport beacon.  As I neared the airport, approximately 1/2 mile away, I noticed that there were two lights present.  There was the beacon and there was another, brighter light just behind and to the side of the beacon light.  When I  got to the point where the unidentified light was I was able to determine that it was a UFO.  I pulled to the side of the road and got out and stood by the side of the road looking at the craft.  It was just above the level of the trees, about 60 feet off the ground and it was less than 100 yards away.  I was saucer/ elliptically shaped, with bright white and other colored lights around it and underneath it.  It was making absolutely no sound.  It was about 100-200 feet in diameter.  As I was watching another vehicle drove by on the road which did not stop.  I would guess the object hadaa height of about 20-30 feet.  After watching it for about 1-2 minutes, I glanced down the road to see if another vehicle was coming so that I could possibly stop the vehicle and get a witness (no vehicle was coming)  My head was only turned for one or two seconds.  When I returned my gaze to the area of the UFO, it was gone.  I t never made a sound and when it left it must have left quite quickly and it MUST have known I was watching it, so I am under the impression that it waited until my gaze was averted before it left. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));44.01;-76.0686
