july 9 2003- glowing pink object hovering above san francisco bay;2003-07-09 20:30:00;3 to 5 min.;july 9 2003- glowing pink object hovering above san francisco bay at about 830 pm wednesday evening i was dropping  my friend off at home when i saw this glowing pink egg shaped thing hovering over the san francisco bay. i suppose it could have been the setting sun but i dont think so.  anyway so my friend starts to get out of the car (she lives on the street above me and has a clear view above the treeline of the north side of the bay Richmond to the right and Marin to the left)as i'm saying goodbye i see this thing out of the corner of my eye. so  i look more closely and cant believe my eyes. i didnt know what to think so i yell for my friend to come look. i ask her what she sees or if she has any idea what it is and she doesnt know either. i am convinced almost immediately that its a ufo and say so, knowing that her skepticism will produce the most reasonable explanation possible. her reponse was  i guess its a plane or something, i dont know.  well we live in between two major airports. its not likely that we wouldnt recognize an airplane.  basically it was oval or egg shaped and was hovering vertically in the sky.  what was so bizarre was its closeness to the earth` in broad daylight.  it seemed t o be pretty big compared to what i cant say. however considering that my distance from it appeared to be only a few miles, 10 at most, and the distance between me and the other side of the bay isnt any more than 30 on the highway id have to say it was pretty large. from my viewpoit it was about  two inches in height tapering at each end just slightly and then rounding out in the middle. just like an egg. although i remember thinking of it as an orb initially. it was glowing or luminescing in pink and white. and the colors sort of kept flowing into each other blending and separating simultaneously. kind of like fire or waves or a gas cloud. very beautiful. i watched it for a few minutes to see what it would do but it never moved. it wasnt even hovering it was completely motionless except for  its outer visual display. but that didnt even seem to be att! ached to the object but more of  field around it. anyway it just hung there in middair surrounded by this swirling light. i started to drive home to get my boyfriend so he could see it. i literally live 30 seconds from friends house down the street around the corner and back up. an elongated u-turn. so im looking at this thing until i hit the down turn and then i floored the gas squealed around the corner and into my driveway. i yell for my guy and honk he jumps into the car we drive back up the hill and around the corner to the same spot and it s gone. were talking` 2 minutes max. this whole episode didnt last more than five minutes but it was pretty intense. i have never seen anything like this in my life. but after reading the story i just wrote im starting to think that i was watching the sun set and somehow processed it as a ufo. few more details and im done. 1. it was still  daylight at the timebut just late enough to make the object really stand out. 2. it was hovering  directly in front of the surrounding hills of marin and richmond not above or behind. 3.ive seen hundreds of glowing pink sunsets over the water but none of them were shaped like upright eggs nor did they swirl and blend visibly and they all eventually sank into the horizon as i watched. 4. the  person who was with me is not given to flights of fancy knows what the sun looks like and probably does not believe in ufos and she couldnt figure out what it was. 5. we are both fairly normal levelheaded types with at least one foot firmly grounded in reality we werent on drugs she had just come home from work and i had just finished having dinner and there it was. i didnt seeit  fly sideways or anything and i didnt see it come or go. it just wasnt and then it was and then it wasnt poof. ((NUFORC Note:  The only possibility we can imagine is that the witnesses were looking at the contrail behind a high-flying jet, but that is only a guess.  We do not know what it was they saw.  PD));37.8045301391035;-122.228513292117
