Large object over southwestern sky in W Massachusetts, bright lights, slow moving object, changing shapes.;2016-03-06 20:00:00;2 hours;Large object over southwestern sky in W Massachusetts, bright lights, slow moving object, changing shapes. I went outside and actually was looking for anything moving in the sky. (Because I actively now seek this stuff out) I spent 20mins looking at all the stars and trying to find an odd one. In the south western sky high over the tree line I noticed there was 3 star looking objects in formation of a perfect triangle, and a very bright looking star next to the formation (so 4 all together)  At first, I kept staring at this formation as I found it odd all the objects were stationary  and I have never noticed this constellation of stars. I kept searching but could not find anything I thought. I went back inside then went back out to smoke again 20 mins later. I could not find the triangle formation that was previously there but did still see the big bright star. I stared at it and saw bright lights coming from it.  Greens, bright blues, red, orange all the colors of the rainbow.  It was moving very slowly but fast enough (in all directions up, down, and horizontally) and now I could see it was changing it kept making a red triangle and I'm not sure if it was just flashing this or if that was the shape.  It also flashed a few other pictures/shapes one looked like a pine or Xmas tree)   At some points I could see it looked like a classic ufo...round, seamless, and rotating horizontal lights, but as I stared harder at it, it was changing to a triangle then to a round object. At a few points it looked diamond shaped then maybe it could have been multiple ufos in formation it changed so often I could not tell. Sometimes the entire thing got very bright then it had and aura around it. The flashing different bright lights never fades though only when a regular plane flew by did it stay stationary and white. It had to be very far away because I had no readings on my magnetometer. And I know how crazy this might sound but I want to be honest I felt waves coming from this, only when it was in view and I was staring at it.  It felt like my vision was like twilight zone everything went black and then bright in and out.  At one point there was stripped lights down trees in my vision as my vision blacked in and out.  There was no fear or pain or negativeness I really didn't feel much while in this trance state (it also felt voluntary but hypnotized)other than pure interest/curiousity and I tried to allow the waves to take over as far as they would go but once I blinked the waves stopped and started over again until I blinked or the object went out of veiw. The object eventually slowly fell out of veiw within a little over an hour (it fell behind the trees) & my boyfriend who thinks aliens are absurd started yelling at me, but I wanted to get in my car and follow it.  Too bad I was unable to. Please note I did try to video tape this effect but I could not hold my phone long enough to get anything also every time I tried the object did not look the same as it did in person I believe this is due to my phone not having a good camera and I was shaking and could not hold it still.;42.6127999999999;-72.2882000000003
