It appeared as a ghostly white-winged object traveling so slow as to give one the impression, it was studying  the terrain below.;2000-03-10 04:00:00;3-5 min. Max.;It appeared as a ghostly white-winged object traveling so slow as to give one the impression, it was studying  the terrain below. Out on my backporch, at 4:00 am in the morn with cigarette, glanced up to see something approaching me from the south in the morning sky.  Although still dark, the object was able to reflect the light from the street lights below, the craft being approx. 3-4 hundred ft. high (Max.), it cruised very low under the low-hanging cloud cover, the craft was v-shaped say what looked like to be size of: One football field in width/wingtip to wingtip.  In my opinion and from where I was standing in relation to it, in length maybe 50 yards length from point of front, to tail end of wingtips to the rear and to the side, like a flying wing, and I had figured it to be of a lighter color maybe cream or white.  As when it reflected the light from the streetlights below, it was of the same color, kind of a rose/cream color. More cream than rose.   It flew so slow, it looked like it could have dropped from the sky at any minute.  No noise associated with it.  It came from the south and continued north, following the main street through town, because it runs perfectly North/South, cruised North til' out of sight,  No lights assoc. with onboard. No windows either.   I watched it cross the sky in front and above me, for what seemed like about four minutes or so, maybe three, til' it went out of sight, as trees got in the way and cut off my view, continuing on towards the small town north of Ephrata, of Soap Lake. (5 miles away from Ephrata)   That is all...  In it's entirety! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));47.2771;-119.5336
Two black cloud flying into the wind.;2019-09-19 18:50:00;5 minutes;Two black cloud flying into the wind. I am a 77 year old male.. I was walking with my 40 year old son and 35year old granddaughter at 18:50 hours when I saw what looked like two small black clouds that were shaped like a widened W. The sky was clear accept for a few white clouds. wind was blowing from the west. I said to the kids look those two clouds look like space ships. Then the lower cloud turned around and headed southwest into the wind. About thirty seconds later it looked like it vaporized and disappeared. About a minute later the second cloud did the same thing. ((13 digit number deleted));47.2771;-119.5336
