Two craft 3 miles from each other close to the ground seen by two in Central Washington November 1999;1999-11-30 19:00:00;20 minutes;Two craft 3 miles from each other close to the ground seen by two in Central Washington November 1999 THIS IS ABOUT THE: Sightings of two different UFOs within moments of each other in central Washington State, November 1999.  LOCATION:  13 miles north of EPHRATA (pronounced E - frA - ta) WASHINGTON on Sagebrush Flats Road.  (Sagebrush flats road goes at a North by Northwest track from the town of Ephrata to the south.)  TIME:  about 7 pm PST (Dark outside), November 1999  SETTING ONE: About 13 miles northwest of Ephrata, Sagebrush flats road comes out of a small canyon (gentle rolling hills on either side of the road) onto a 2 mile wide (north to south) and 5 mile long flat area with wheat farms and high power transmission lines.  The lines are suspended upon the very tall erector-set towers such lines are usually found on.  The high power lines cut across the flats coming from the Northeast (Grand Coulee Dam) and going to the Southwest.  As I was traveling north and approaching the high power lines, I noticed a very bright light traveling very slowly (maybe 10 miles an hour) an estimated 20-50 feet above the lines.  It was to the northeast and coming towards me – as the road intersects under the lines at a 90 degree angle.  The single light was very bright such that I couldn’t see the craft behind it.  Not wanting to be directly under the craft when it got to my location, I went maybe 1/8th mile north on the road – all the while watching the light.  I stopped the car and got out to watch.  There was absolutely NO sound from the craft holding the light.  I watched as the light came to the road and made a 90 degree turn to its left and slowly followed Sagebrush road south.  As it slowly, and at a very low altitude, approached the small canyon, the canyon and adjacent rolling hills were illuminated as if it was a bright summer day.  Since the craft/light was now going away from me, I could not see the light, just the effects of the lights illumination.  I still could not see nor hear the craft holding the light.  I watched for maybe 10-15 minutes.  SETTING TWO: My home is about three miles northwest (as a crow flies) of where I saw the light.  When I got home to my wife, I said to her, “You will not believe what I just saw.”  My wife excitedly interrupted with, “You will not believe what I just saw.”  She went on to tell me that 15-20 minutes before I got home (the same timeframe of my sighting) she had stepped outside and looked up to the east.  Hovering, maybe 50 feet above her was a very large (an estimated 150 feet to each side) black triangular shaped craft.  It made no sound.  At each corner were several small bright orange/red lights.  These corner lights gave enough definition of the craft for her to tell it was triangular.  She watched for maybe two minutes and then, out of fear, stepped back into the building.  There isn’t any way these two craft (my light carrier and my wife’s black triangular craft) could be the same craft.  It seems too much of a coincidence that these two craft were in the same general area at the same time.  I’ve always wondered if the light bearing craft was looking for the triangular craft.  That possibly, the triangular craft was hugging the ground for stealth reasons.   NOTE:  I should mention that this remote farming country has frequent daily (and nightly) over flights by military craft coming from the airbase in Spokane, Whidbey Island Naval Air Base north of Seattle, McCord Air Force base outside of Tacoma, and from Canada.  None of the usual military over flights are of strange craft.  Some are large but quiet (not silent) craft.  I felt my sighting was probably of a manmade craft – just silent and for some reason closely navigating the high-power transmission lines.  My wife and I have no idea of the origins of the large black triangular craft she saw.;47.2771;-119.5336
4 bright whitish yellow lights completely silent and weaving between each other abnormally close to each other .hear and saw plane afte;2019-04-30 21:00:00;25 minutes;4 bright whitish yellow lights completely silent and weaving between each other abnormally close to each other.  hear and saw plane after plane, about 6, chasing the lights in circle over and over trying to get close to the lights.  we do not ever have multiple low circling airplanes at night going in circles (ESPECIALLY at night);47.2771;-119.5336
