Orange glowing orb floats across sky;2013-07-04 20:40:00;2-3 minutes;orange glowing orb floats across sky My family and I were waiting in the field behind the middle school waiting for the 4th of July fireworks when my 5 yr old son noticed something in the sky.  He thought it was a hot air balloon.   When we turned to look at it there was no balloon or basket.  What we saw was a glowing orb. It was bright white at the center, yellow around the center and orange on the outside.  It was traveling from southwest to northeast.  It wasn't falling thru the sky, it appeared to be gaining in altitude.  It made no noise.   There were at least a couple hundred people there waiting for the fireworks to begin.  You could hear other people saying look at that  So I know we weren't the only ones who seen it.   As an avid photographer I had my camera ready to photograph the fireworks and was able to get 2 pictures of the object. I have a Canon T3i rebel camera with a 55mm-250mm zoom lens and was able to get a fairly clear photo of the object.   My girlfriend had been frightened by what we saw when we were observing it.  It traveled in a fairly straight path across the sky appearing to slighty gain altitude as it crossed overhead.  It traveled about three quarters across the sky above before it just disappeared.  About 15-20 minutes later a comercial plane passed over the field seemingly in the exact same path and at the same speed as the glowing object.  The plane had the traditional noise associated with a plane and flew until it was so small you couldn't see it anymore, farther than the object that passed before it but it was visably much less bright.   Once I was home and examined the photos I took, one had obvious shaking distortion to the object.   The other was clear and you could make out a longer cylindrical solid object in the center of the glow. Clearly nothing like any othe flying craft I had witnessed or anyone I've shown the photo to.   I'm positive that others there that night witnessed the same object.;40.7575;-74.9967
