Shimming object in the sky between Popcorn Park Zoo and Garden State Parkway NJ;2006-09-21 13:00:00;7 sec;Shimming object in the sky between Popcorn Park Zoo and Garden State Parkway NJ While driving from Popcorn Park Zoo I was approx, between the streets of Humane Way and Dover Rd Forked River NJ. I was driving at the speed of 45 mph the weather was clear and sunny with one or two very small low clouds in the sky temperature was approx. 70 degrees. As I was heading east towards the Garden State Parkway what caught my attention was a very bright shimmering light it was far away in the sky and I would say it would be approx. 10:00 angle. I did not hear any sound, I can describe it as a long cigar shaped elongated and it appeared to be hovering. The object was definitely a solid I didn’t see anything else on the object except for it was a bright shimmering light. I stared at it for approx. 7 seconds then I blinked my eye and it was gone, I have no idea what direction it took or if it had a direction, there was no trail. I surveyed the sky for the object and it was not seen again. “It was a very clear day” On Lacey Rd the road is a two lane road East to West with low trees very much of an open area. I called my husband at that moment to tell him what I have seen. I would have thought that I would seen it an again or even an object if it was a plane or a blimp but it was not seen again. Now I can tell you that Robert J. Miller Air Park runway is directly across from was I saw the object far east possibly near the Garden State Parkway. I understand that planes airlines reflect the sun light but not like this. This shimmered while I was driving then disappeared. I would like to add that I could not explain the sighting I’m just saying it was definitely strange nothing like I saw before. Where we live we have airlines flying over us to Newark Liberty which I would say the flight pattern and I see airlines all day and yes they reflect the sunlight but not for 7 sec’s while I was driving and the plane would fly at the least 200 mph or more I would like to know if any one saw something strange also in this area.;39.8451;-74.2021
