Red/Orange Fireball south of Buffalo;2012-05-05 23:00:00;1 min;Red/Orange Fireball south of Buffalo Red/Orange Fireball seen traveling low in the sky from south of Buffalo to north towards Canada.  Traveling about the speed of an airplane visible for about a minute then faded away.  Object left no visible trail.;42.9297;-78.7434
2 Orangish/Red Round Glowing Objects Spotted Near Buffalo Airport.;2012-06-13 22:40:00;5 minutes;2 Orangish/Red Round Glowing Objects Spotted Near Buffalo Airport. While coming out of an establishment on Union Rd near Genesee St, I observed a orangish, red, glowing round object about 800ft in the sky.  During the first moments of observing this object, I was carefully trying to figure out what it could be.  There were no strobe lights on it and no other colored lights, and it made no sound.  I first thought that it could be someone on a self-propelled hang glider with a light attatched to it, or even a hot air balloon until I noticed the object almost come to a complete stand still in the sky with no loss in elevation.  Right at that moment out of the corner of my eye, from the right side, I noticed a second similar object moving quickly towards the first object that was hovering. It looked like the first object had waited for the second one to catch up.  Right when they got closer together, they both began to rise in unison. It was right at that time that the Buffalo Airport was landing planes and without realizing it at first, these two objects were in the glide path of the jet that was about to land. The pilot of the landing jet had to see these two objects as they were in his direct line of sight while he was landing.  The Buffalo tower must have seen them also.  So these two round glowing balls of light rose up to get out of the way of the incoming jet.  As the jet passed underneath them, they continued to rise at a high rate of speed disappearing in seconds.  These two object had intelligent motion.  First, one slowed down and waited for the other then they rose up to get out of the way of an oncoming jet, then they ascended at rate of speed never seen before into the night sky.  No aircraft, glider, hellicopter, or balloon could have did what I seen these two objects do.;42.9297;-78.7434
