Very large dark grey object  over small community in Western New York frightens non U.F.O believers.;1996-08-12 13:00:00;10-15 Minutes;Very large dark grey object  over small community in Western New York frightens non U.F.O believers. On August 12th 1996 at approximately 13:00, I was watering some plants at my landscaping buisness. It was a hot overcast day.At this time something had caught the corner of my eye and I looked up.In between the break of the heavy overcast clouds there was a very large disk shaped object just hanging there approximately one-hundred to one-hundred and fifty feet above the ground.It was a dark grey in color.No lights,no noise,no crew compartment.Just hanging there like it was looking at me.It appeared to be approximately sixty to eighty feet in circumference.Very large.Up unto this point I was a total disbeliever.I dropped the watering hose at my feet,and ran to a small engine repair shop that shared the same building with my company.There were two mechanics working there at the time.When I arrived there I immediately called the two mechanics outside to where I was standing but the clouds had filled that area of the sky again.I had told them what I had just seen and they began to laugh and make some expected comments until when just then another small break in the clouds had proven my sighting.The object had still been there except it was approximately an added three-hundred feet above the previous position.Both men became very frightend and ran bak to the shop.They said call news or police did you see that thing? oh my God! We continued for awhile trying to figure out what to do.The main mechanic said  I wish we had a camera I'll call nine one one and the news.The news never took us serious until other calls came in but it had been forgotten about pretty quick by the local news and authorities although they confirm that something had been there and no records of any aircraft had been in that area that day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides no contact information.  PD));42.9297;-78.7434
Object flying over a taking off airplane in cheektowaga ny;2013-06-14 14:00:00;45 seconds;object flying over a taking off airplane in cheektowaga ny Me & my girlfriend were driving down Harlem rd. in cheektowaga NY, it was a sunny day no clouds in the sky,  there is an airport about 5 miles away of our sighting so airplanes are relatively low landing and taking off.   I am interested in Television shows about UFO's and other phenomenon so I'm always looking In the sky's.  I see an airplane taking off, this plane is close to the ground where we're driving and I see a dark grey metallic looking object flying directly over the airplane, the shape of the object was like oval saucer shaped,   I ask my girlfriend do u see that flying over that airplane and she says yes, for what seemed to be minutes but was around 40 to 50 seconds we ask each other what that could be flying over a plane, ruling things out as we are looking at it, there is a ton of cars on both sides of the street we are asking each other if anybody else sees it,  I am driving so I'm trying my best to stare and drive.  Then it leaves our view, this was! the most amazing thing I have ever seen, my heart is beating telling the story, my girlfriend is skeptical of UFO's and alien life but she does not deny we seen something out of this world that day, I told my mother, father and siblings about what we seen and they do not believe us, my girlfriend doesn't want to sound crazy to my family so she tells them we did see something but she can't explain what it was, I wish I can take a lie detector test to prove to my family we seen something that day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.9297;-78.7434
