A triangular shaped object with flames and green lights floats through the sky in my neighborhood.;2002-07-28 01:00:00;one minute;A triangular shaped object with flames and green lights floats through the sky in my neighborhood. We were sitting in my friends backyard around a bonfire. I was starring up at the sky looking at the stars when to my left a triangular shape appeared. I first thought it was a plane and then realized that I never seen a plane like that before. I was able to point out three corners of the craft which did indeed look like a triangle. The front had two green lights at two points and what looked like a red flame in between them. It was moving a bit slow for a few seconds and then picked up speed. We stood up and ran to the front of the house because the house next door was in the way of our view. When we made our way there it had disappeared. It wasn't a cloudy night so us not being able to see it anymore was a bit strange. ((NUFORC Note:  Source elects to remain anonymous.  PD));42.9297;-78.7434
Two triangular objects they were black with white lights underneath them three on each no sound and they were about four to five hundre;2018-07-20 23:30:00;10 minutes;Two triangular objects they were black with white lights underneath them three on each no sound and they were about four to five hundred My son was learning about the moon and stars in school.  So we got a telescope just so we can look at the Moon.  And then this happened couple days after we started messing with the telescope.  It was around 11:30.  I went outside to have a cigarette walked out to the middle of my driveway I just looked up to see if I could see anything I could see with my telescope when I looked towards the back of my house I seen six lights they were all white.  I have an airport near me that's like two streets away a little Cessna Airport.  And then the Buffalo International Airport is about 10 miles from me.  As I'm watching these things I'm wondering why I don't see colored lights cuz I'm used to seeing colored lights because of the planes flying by all the time.  But then I noticed there was no sound either and being so low I should hear something.  As I'm looking at them the one to the left turned towards the Buffalo International Airport and the other one to the right turned flying towards Niagara Falls air base ( which is super far away from my house) so I watch the one going to the Buffalo Airport it flew for a short distance towards the airport and then turned around to follow the other one. I have no idea what it was kind of creepy if I knew this website existed I would have said something about it long time ago when I was flushing my head;42.9297;-78.7434
