bright ufo  lights up night in new york near buffalo;1995-08-25 00:30:00;4-6 seconds;bright ufo  lights up night in new york near buffalo my sister and i were i were travelling from queens new york to buffalo- new york to visit our mother.  we were on a very dark road with the only light coming from cars (ours and the few that were on the road)  suddenly our car was lit up by a very bright light.  the whole right side of the sky was lit up. in the sky was a huge bright object with colored lights.  it made no sound.  i couldnt make out the shape because the light was too bright.   i remember purplish pink, blue and green. it was not moving when we first saw it then it shot across the sky at an incredible speed to our left.  the clouds were moving left to right so that when we first saw it it wasnt in the clouds but when it shot across the sky it went above the clouds and we could see the clouds light up with the different colors and go across the sky.  later that morning there were reports of a meteor but it wasnt a meteor.  we saw because it was stationary for a time.  i did keep the news clipping and have it to this day.   there were also tv news reports on all with different stories but one had a VIDEO of what we saw.   not when it was clearly visible, but when it was over the clouds. you could see the clouds lit up with the lights going across the sky.   i only saw the footage once.  it was never repeated and i watched all the news shows that day hoping to see it again.   i see many reports on this website of  a sighting on the same day as mine and in nearby areas.  did anyone see that tv footage?  it was in the morning. does any one know who shot that video? ((NUFORC Note:  We are grateful to the source for her having submitted the report.  We received many reports about the incident, which was captured by a television news camera team in Canada, somewhat east of Windsor.  The footage is very dramatic, and appears to show an object streaking up from ground level, and joining with the main light!  NUFORC received MANY reports about this incident, which occurred at approximately 00:40 hrs. (Eastern Daylight Time).;42.9297;-78.7434
