Two star-like objects move across night sky, then disappear in an instant.;2009-09-22 02:00:00;1 minute;Two star-like objects move across night sky, then disappear in an instant. On the night of my last camping trip to the northern wilderness of Vermont, the night sky was crystal clear.  As I was used to doing, I pulled my chair up to the campfire, sipped a coffee, listened to the CBC on the radio, and enjoyed the glory of the heavens.  Before climbing into my tent, I hit the head, which was a patch of bushes at the back of the site. I paused to take one last look into the clear, starry night. As I slowly scanned to the left of my field of view, I noticed what appeared at first to be a star, but soon realized that it was moving. It was a small, bright white light. It was no larger than an average star. There was no sound, and no other lights. Moved in a steady, unwavering path. It appeared to be quite a distance, perhaps orbital distance, but that's just a guess. I would say that its speed was twice that of a commercial airliner at that altitude. I thought, Hey, I think that must be a satellite, but it was now 2:00 AM, and satellites are not visible at that hour in my region. I followed it, with my eyes trained on it, as it moved from far left, until it reached the center of the sky, directly overhead. Suddenly, it was gone! I kept looking, further to the right, trying to pick it up again. No, it was gone. After desperately trying to relocate it, I looked back to my left again. Again, I spotted a bright white light, larger than the first, and traveling the exact same path. It was the same as above, but larger, about thrice the size. I followed it as well. When this second one reached the same, exact spot as the first one, it too disappeared from view! I was shocked! It was right there, and in an instant, gone. Again, it was a crystal clear night. There were no clouds. There was no sound. Early that night, and on other nights, I had watched jets cross the night sky, only to disappear beyond the horizon. These two craft, simply disappeared. Needless to say, I didn't sleep too well that night. I am still wondering just what it was that I saw that night. Note: I only just learned of this Web-site, which is the reason for the delay in reporting.;44.8088;-71.8895
15-20 mildly bright lights all flying in a line.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-27 20:30:00;15 minutes;15-20 mildly bright lights all flying in a line Saw 15-20 or more small  mildly bright objects all heading southeast from the northeast. All appeared to be the same distance apart. Sighting lasted for approximately 10-15 minutes.;44.8088;-71.8895
