I think my sighting as a child may have something to do with my current abilities;1989-07-01 03:30:00;15 minutes approx.;I think my sighting as a child may have something to do with my current abilities This is the first time I'm telling anyone outside of my family about what I saw when I was a child. I've always been scared to, but now I'm ready to learn more about it because I've lately been experiencing abnormal things in my adult life and want to explore further. I just don't know where to start and something tells me to start here. When I was about 11 or 12 I woke up from a deep sleep to go to the bathroom. My bedroom was in the front of the house with a big window facing the front yard. We lived outside of town in a housing development so it was pretty secluded but we had neighbors. As I was coming out of the bathroom across the hall, I could see a VERY bright light shining through my window and through my room out into the hallway. I remember walking very slowly, robotically, towards my room. I thought maybe there was a car in the driveway with their brights on and thats when I remember looking at the clock. It was 3:30 am. I neared the window and thats when I remember this heavy feeling come over me. I was totally frozen where I stood. This giant object was hovering over our front yard. We had a couple trees in the yard but it was somehow clearing them but the object was also kind of transparent. I could see the house across the street through the object. I remember it was triangular with curved corners, not pointy. Underneath, in each corner, was one large light and in between each big light were straight lines of smaller lights. There was a small circle of lights in the very middle too on the bottom. I could also tell from my angle that the top of it was slightly elevated. Not a lot, just a little curve at the top. Like a VERY short pyramid but again, not pointed at the top but curved. I don't remember any colors or colored lights. No sound either. I remember thinking that was odd that this wasn't waking anyone else up and thats when I looked at the clock again and it was 3:30. I had been standing there for a half hour just staring at this thing. I don't remember it feeling ! like a h alf hour though. I snapped out of my trance and bolted for my parents room. My mom would not get up but I forced my dad out of bed to come look out my window. By the time we got to my window, it was gone. Since then, I have seen pictures in books of the EXACT thing I saw. I also have read where there were similar sightings around the same time in the midwest too. That made me feel not so crazy and I've just kind of let it go. I have never seen anything like this since nor have I told anyone outside my family. Who of course don't believe me. They only make fun of me.  I am almost 30 now and have recently been feeling strange vibes as I call them. Ever since I was little I sometimes knew when things would happen or could guess things about people. I always have chalked it up to just being lucky. My sister and her husband recently told us they were pregnant and I knew it was a boy almost as soon as they told us. I told my other sister that I know its a boy. She asked me how I knew. If our other sister had told me first and I said no, just that I knew. I don't know how I knew, I just did. Yesterday, she called me and said our other sister had told her about my vibe and asked how I knew that. I again explained that sometimes I just know things like that. I realize its a 50 50 chance, but I can't remember a time I've ever been wrong. What are the odds of that? Anyways, she did confirm that it is in fact a boy. This same sister has, in her childhood, had odd experiences too. She had a dream about a Christmas present that she hadn't received yet. The next day she got that exact same doll. Same name and clothing and everything. She also has an uncanny memory. She is the only other person in my family with unusual abilities that I know of. Its not like I'm psychic or anything. I don't see dead people or things like that. I can't explain it. I just know certain things. I have certain dreams of things that haven't happened yet. I just don't know what that means and want help figuring it out. I can't help but won! der if m y childhood sighting might have something to do with all of this. Its always been something I've wondered about. Anything you could do to help would be appreciated. Thanks for reading my story and hopefully believing it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
Dark triangular object with light on nose and 3 underneath at the points.;1992-05-09 22:00:00;10 minutes;Dark triangular object with light on &quotnose&quot and 3 underneath at the points. I’m not exactly sure of the date, but this is a reasonable guess. At the time I worked every other Saturday night and I was going downtown into work traveling east on 16th avenue.  As I drove down the road, in the distance I saw what I thought were spotlights from a sale of some kind, yet they were facing toward my direction.  As I got closer I noticed it was one bright light and there was an object.  There is a stoplight at the intersection of 16th Ave and 18th Street.  The object was on the west side of 18th street (41.962633,-91.696363). I would guess approximately 40 feet in the air was a dark triangular object with the light on the end facing west (I was traveling toward it).  As I was stopped at the stoplight there were others around, but I can’t say if anyone saw it, but it could not be missed.  I rolled down my window and it was not making any sound and was not moving.  There were three less bright lights underneath at each “point” of the triangle.  The edges were slightly rounded. I could not see any detail beyond the dark shape and the lights. I drove on as the light turned green watching it in my rearview mirror. It did not move.  I wish now I would have stopped and waited to see what it would do, but I had only been at my job for a few years.  It was also an odd excuse to be late in a production environment.  I arrived to work approximately 15 minutes later and told a few people, who responded with joking, and then called my girlfriend at the time.  I asked her to go down the road as it was not far from my apartment and see if it was still there.  I called her back after a little while and she said she did not see anything, so it was have been gone approximately 30-45 minutes after I saw it. At the time I thought it was an odd shape, but later I saw the reports from the Belgian Air Force and the Illinois Police sighting and it was very similar. My friends know that I am open minded and have an interest in this.  I would never fake information as it does nothing to help people be objective on this subject. I also never thought something like this would happen to me. As I tell people now - it was truly an unidentified flying object. I won’t say it was definitely extraterrestrial, though I’m not saying it wasn’t.  It could be of earthly but unknown origin, but it was something that I have never seen or heard reports of other than in the context of other UFO reports even to this day. It’s funny that when something like this happens, you are just incredulous. I can see how more people don’t make better notes or document better as the reality of it does not hit you until later and then it’s too late, and I’m someone who should have known better or accepted the consequences of being late for work.;41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
Cedar Rapids Iowa   blue lights hovering in the shape of a V with no sound and two witnesses;1997-05-01 22:00:00;maybe 15 minutes;Cedar Rapids Iowa   blue lights hovering in the shape of a V with no sound and two witnesses My friend and I were going to stay in a tent on my parents property. I do not specifically recall the year, I know within a 3 year range, but could not possibly ever recall the exact date because neither my friend nor I made a record of the observation.  My friend and I were contemplating leave the tent because the air was getting cold as the evening progressed. We unzipped tent entrance which faced to the East. I poked my head out and immediately noticed the apparent lights which couldn't have been anything produced by human beings. Without moving, I told my friend to poke his head out to observe the site and he saw the exact same thing as I did.  We noticed lights in a V shape with the point being closest to us. Since this at night, it's impossible to judge both the distance above the ground and distance of the lights/craft but they appeared to be within 2 miles of the surface and over 1/2 of a mile in length. These lights were blue in color. I believe there were either 7 or 9 lights, I do not recall, but they were in a perfect V shape. The lights were shining down towards the surface, with the closest one almost directly above us, but they didn't light up whatever they were attached to. These could have been separate crafts in a perfect V shape or just one craft with all the lights on them, but you couldn't see above the lights. The front of the V was pointing towards the North. The rear of the lights stretched far away from the front. The lights appeared to be perfectly spaced out from one another with thousands of feet in between them. Thousands of feet is more-than-likely an understatement, but again it would be impossible to tell in the dark, especially with it being up in the sky at an undermined altitude.  There was absolutely no sound coming from the light sources and no movement either. They appeared to hover in place throughout the entire duration of the siting. We were both afraid we had been spotted and didn't know if it were possible for us to be harmed so we didn't run, move, or anything except quietly whisper on infrequent occasion. I believe 10 minutes had passed before we felt safe enough to duck inside the tent. We discussed what we had seen to make sure our stories were identical and not fictitious. We both agreed going into my parents' house was the best decision because staying in the tent wouldn't give us the safety we felt we needed. At this time, we were unsure if we were going to be abducted, left alone, or have any other insane experience because seeing the UFO was astonishing, so at this point, we felt anything was now a possibility.  After 5 minutes of discussion, we grabbed our pillows and looked out again prior to making a dash for the house. We slowly poked our heads out and were both amazed to notice the lights were not there, or not on, one of two cases. I didn't think they could have been off, my assumption was they had vanished, but I suppose they could have just been off. The thought never entered my mind until typing this recount of the events. No sound was ever heard and the massive array of lights were not seen again. We ran into the house and told my parents about it. They didn't doubt we believed what we saw, however, they had never seen anything like what we described and didn't know if any possible explanation was possible other than a UFO. At least 9 years have passed before I wrote this recount of the events. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
Sighting of a triangular-shaped object judging by distinct lights on three corners.;2000-07-17 22:40:00;45-60 seconds;Sighting of a triangular-shaped object judging by distinct lights on three corners. Triangular object with one white light and one red light on each corner. The lights did not blink. No other lights on object. Object moving with one light forward and two corner lights in back. Could not see a fuselage or wings. Sound of some type of propulsion could be heard, but it was very muffled sounding. Did not sound like jets that go over our house often, and was not nearly as loud as the ones that would be 2000-3000 ft altitude.  If it was a regular jet passenger plane, judging by what we saw, it would have been flying at about 1000 feet or lower by the relative distance between the the three points where the white/red lights were. Craft not moving very fast. My wife saw it first. Said look at that, John. She noticed it through our trees coming toward us, NW to SE direction. I looked up, and could see it through the trees, coming toward us, and I then moved in the direction where I could get a better view.  The speed of the craft was very slow, that if it was a jet aircraft, it would not be doing any faster than 50 mph, relative to the altitude it appeared to be at. (We also see the police helicopter go over our house often, and I've seen it go over or by us much quicker than this total sighting took.) We were just on our way to go for a drive with our two great nieces. They had already gotten into the car in the garage when my wife first noticed this sighting. I called to them to come see it after I first saw it.  They didn't move fast (the kids), and I wanted them to see it, too.  But, they still climbed out of the back seat of the car, and the car is a two door - that when they got to the driveway at least 30 or more seconds after the craft was first noticed, they could still see it before it went over the trees to our SE. I would not report this, except I can not explain this sighting as a normal aircraft because: (1) the sound was too quiet for most jets that have passed over our house, (2) the wingspan, or distance between the corners of the triangle, would have made the craft size very large even for a 747, (3) the craft took a long time to move across our viewing space, (4) the lights on the corners didn't blink, (5) I've never seen jets going in on a landing pattern for the Eastern Iowa Airport in the direction of NW to SE, though I did see a small jet go over a little N-NE to S-SW just the same day, about 6:30 PM., and (6) I have never seen a passenger jet come in to our airport at that time of night.  Most of the normal traffic seems to die out after 8:00 PM. Because I can give an close time, plus or minus 5 minutes, and because I also believe that local radar would show a blip for what we saw, I think that this sighting would be easily verifiable if was a normal craft or not.;41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
Hovered over tree tops next to I380 and angled toward highway before speeding off with flashing lights;2001-04-01 22:00:00;4 min or so;Hovered over tree tops next to I380 and angled toward highway before speeding off with flashing lights it was hovering above the treetops just outside of Cedar Rapids off I380 towards iowa city.  By a trailer park. It made no noise. It started to angle towards high way and then, as we drove passed flew off with lights now turned on that resembled the lights of a cop car.  It had blue, white and red lights blinking.  It flew off so fast over the city and then disappeared.;41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
The UFO was a dark shape, almost looking like a helicopter.  I almost thought it was a helicopter until i noticed i couldn't hear any n;2004-06-01 23:00:00;city park;The UFO was a dark shape, almost looking like a helicopter.  I almost thought it was a helicopter until i noticed i couldn't hear any noise coming from it.  The UFO also had an extremely bright spotlight of some sort on it.  At first i thought it was a helicopter becauese all helicopters have them, but it was in the front of the object and soon dimmed itself and was no longer showing anything.  Once it approached us and got near it was nearly 50 ft. above trees maybe less just coasting.  Again, no sounds what so ever where heard from the object.  Three red lights were on the bottom of the object in a triangular form.  Thats how i observed that the object might be triangular.  This is no bs.  Thankyou.;41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
Triangular craft, two horizontaly level beams of lights, Head Lights I-380, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Near Eastern Iowa Airport;2007-11-23 22:03:00;3 Min;Triangular craft, two horizontaly level beams of lights, Head Lights I-380, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Near Eastern Iowa Airport We were driving Northbound on I-380 about a mile from the Airport exit. I looked up through the front windsheild directly in front of the car. At first glance I thought I saw a plane landing at the airport, a black plane with it's landing lights on and a flashing red light on the side opposite of the landing lights, as I could see two distinct beams of light that looks similar to a car's headlights in a light fog. The weather was clear, I just looked at the NWS website, the weather at the Airport was: Wind S 9 MPH Visibility 9 Miles 23 Degrees. Then I realized that the plane was ascending with the beams of lights facing the opposite direction that it was traveling (it was traveling from west to east), my second thought was, oh this must be a helicopter because of the craft's movement patterns. It slowed down and began to hover for about 10 seconds, it then turned its two beams of lights towards the south (90 degrees left) and began to slowly accelerate to about 20 MPH or so. By the time the craft was almost directly overhead (coming right towards us at about the same height you typically see news helicopters fly) it became clear to me that this was no helicopter, as I could see the crafts distinct flat perfectly triangular hull, there seems to be no way that a fixed wing aircraft could travel that slow, I saw no propellers. It immediately sent chills through me when I saw it. I could tell that both my Grandpa and I, both familiar with aircraft, were interested in the craft, after it went by my Grandpa, typically a skeptic of anything, said, What the heck was that thing? If I didn't know any better . . . I would say it was a UFO!;41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
Flying object in the background of our video in video class flies 100 yards in less than 1/2 a second;2010-09-30 13:05:00;about half a second;Flying object in the background of our video in video class flies 100 yards in less than 1/2 a second We were taking a video in video class and we didnt see it, and when we went back through the footage and slow down the frames, in 1/2 of a second, an unidentified flying object flew 100 yards.  There's no way an airplane would be that low to the ground, and we have video footage, and no bird can fly 212 mph.   The flight pattern was an arc towards the atmosphere..we have video!;41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
An object in the sky moved gradually, hovering at times, flashing red, blue and white lights  for 30 + minutes, 2 nights in a row.;2012-10-16 02:00:00;30 minutes;An object in the sky moved gradually, hovering at times, flashing red, blue and white lights  for 30 + minutes, 2 nights in a row. I was sitting outside, when I noticed flashing/blinking lights in the sky.  I watched it for awhile since it was moving upwards very slowly. The lights were red, blue, and white and blinked back and forth in a pattern.  It continued to move slowly, when in a split second, it veered east, then slowed back down again.  Even from the distance, and with it being slightly cloudy, I could see a definite shape..  Almost like a jet (nose facing straight up towards space), with the lower half angling out.  For about 20 minutes it hung in the same spot, constantly flashing.  Then just like that it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
3 orange lights at dusk, moving in sync just over NW horizon, top two faded before bottom one.;2013-07-11 20:00:00;1 minute;3 orange lights at dusk, moving in sync just over NW horizon, top two faded before bottom one. Heard a low boom, looked out the window and my wife said look at those three airplanes.  we went out on the deck and agreed they were not airplanes.   Three orange lights just over NW horizon, moved very slowly and perfectly in sync to the left or west.   Top two lights in the triangle formation faded before the bottom one faded.   Just at dusk, before stars were fully visible, very distinct, unique experience.   Previously, didn't believe in things like this but I believe what we saw was real. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
((HOAX??))  WATCHING THE METEOER SHOWER WHEN WE SAW 3 TRIANGLE SHAPED OBJECTS THAT WERE IN A TRIANGLE FORMATION FLY BY FAST.;2016-12-13 21:00:00;10-15 seconds;WE WERE WATHCHING THE METEOR SHOWER, WHEN WE SAW THREE TRIANGLE SHAPED OBJECTS THAT WERE IN A TRIANGLE FORMATION FLY BY AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED THEY HAD A PINKISH WHITE COLOR TO THEM ((NUFORC Note:  Witness provides a telephone number, which is inoperable.  Possible hoax??  PD));41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
At 9:00 pm on Thursday October 1st, I was taking out my garbage when I saw a aircraft slowly coming towards my home, west to east, goin;2020-10-01 21:00:00;4 minutes;At 9:00 pm on Thursday October 1st, I was taking out my garbage when I saw a aircraft slowly coming towards my home, west to east, going towards Mt. Vernon. I thought it was a helicopter but then as it came to be almost above my head, I realized it was not.  It was flat metal gray, almost black, it wouldn’t be easy to see had it not had lights on it.  It was triangular in shape but the points were flat, not pointed.  It spanned maybe 10 feet across and was 10 feet in length.  It had two bright lights on the front, like headlights , and a light on each wing, I guess, one was red and one was green.  Both blink opposite of the other.  It was traveling at I would say approx 20-30 mph.  It wasn’t fast.  I yelled for my friend Cody to come outside when it was directly over me.  It was very low, only about 6 feet above the tree outside my balcony.  And the sound it made was that if a very far away jet.  So oddly super quiet but very distinct. I saw no propellers, nothing move! d or it produced no wind at all and it stayed traveling at the same speed until it was out of site.  A car driving by stopped to watch it go by as well, so technically 3 witnesses but Cody came and saw it just as it was passing over head. Not sure what it was. But it was not a helicopter or a plane, at least not any that I know exist. If it was a drone, it was a huge effing drone. We had completely cloud cover the sky not even 10 minutes after this happened.;41.996638321168;-91.6659598540148
