The object was moving pretty fast, going North East, Boomarang shape, No Lights on at all, Made NO Sound!;2008-02-13 21:54:00;Maybe 2 minutes;The object was moving pretty fast, going North East, Boomarang shape, No Lights on at all, Made NO Sound! I just took my two Dogs out side to go to the bathroom.  I live in the flight path of DFW airport as well as Love Field airport In the Dallas area.  I was out side noticing how clear the night was, The stars seem extra bright.  All the sudden I saw a Aircraft shaped like a boomerang flying over my house. What really got my attention was the craft had No lights were on at all. Again I live in the flight path of 2 Airports by the time Airplanes fly over my house their lights are blanking and they have all the landing gear lights on.  As this craft got closer I got a good look at the shape.  It was not like the stealth boomer (I've seen many since I had 3 sons in the Navy) This was literally shaped like a boomerang's. It was moving across the sky going North East. It made NO Sound It was about the size of a DC10.  At the speed it was going I only saw it for a couple of minutes. However, I did get a good look at it.  With all the airplanes in the area I am wondering if a pilot might have seen this.;32.9744551063831;-96.8821161702159
Craft with two rear propulsion engines accelerates and disappeared apx 600 yards as I turned around, and previous triangle craft;2014-10-29 20:00:00;4-5 seconds;Craft with two rear propulsion engines accelerates and disappeared apx 600 yards as I turned around, and previous triangle craft Recently, I started to smoke a tobacco pipe, and out of consideration for those that can't stand the smell, made a concerted effort to go out to a field/creek nearby.  I stand and wait just to bide time, and was drawn to observe the usual nighttime activity of plane sightings.  Observing the smoke from the pipe, and even watching out for passing vehicles driving to and from their homes so as not to draw unwanted suspicion, I would resume from ducking down and proceed as usual.  Considering I was observant of regular vehicles, likewise I was somewhat inclined to turn around suddenly and witness a somewhat traditional shaped aircraft. First I must note that this was within a very short distance from where I was standing, in a sloped field near an incline roughly 10-15 feet deep, with clear observation of the surrounding area, and somewhat isolated/localized sound observation.  Clean and clear night with a bright moon, and perfect visibility, with or without corrective lenses.   Within the span of several seconds I was able to observe what immediately seemed out of place, was not only a craft that appeared to be propelled by an alternative (plasma?) energy compared to a jet engine, but seemed to have an audible and noticeable hum as it propelled itself, though seemingly akin to the light noise of a motorcycle's rotary engine.  It seemed stationary in the sky as I looked up, and very clearly seemed to speed off (impossibly fast) upon first being noticed, only to very clearly disappear from sight.  No cloud coverage was present, and this craft could not have disappeared simply from having flown out of ! view, or behind coverage of a building or cloud. As far as the shape of the craft, I thought it seemed smooth bodied but perhaps similar to traditional aircraft though I did not notice any wings on it.  Perhaps oval shaped, with engines that lit up but seemed to swirl with light, giving off a noticeable acceleration with greater illumination, and an almost purr-like quiet hum, seemingly difficult to notice if I wasn't already looking up at it (the sound did not draw my attention, and I honestly don't know why I turned around when I did.)  I stared up at the sky dumbfounded and asking myself what the F was that? over and over again.  It seemed to arch upwards at an angle and turned as it accelerated away from me, with what could have been an instantaneous 1000+ mph, as it disappeared. Noticing criteria for close encounters, I do tend to wonder if it could be possible such a thing was in progress although I don't necessarily believe I have been a victim of such an event. Prior sighting I had was several years ago (apx 9/2012?) in nearly the same spot (I was driving home and had arrived around 10:15pm) and despite knowing what I was looking at, I wasn't startled.  It was a pitch dark triangle with three observable clean white lights on all three underside corners (similar to what has been described in the Aurora UFO project by USAF but without the central engine light in the middle.  It was an overcast of clouds and the ufo remained perfectly stationary below the cloud coverage.  I loop the vehicle around to park along the street to get out, and noticed it was gone.  Looking back I know I should have just stopped in the middle of the street and observed for awhile.;32.9744551063831;-96.8821161702159
