incredibly massive slow moving craft, chevron or wing shaped with multiple lights of the same hue of red.;1995-05-12 20:00:00;2hours;incredibly massive slow moving craft, chevron or wing shaped with multiple lights of the same hue of red. My brother called me outside asking if i could identify something he was seeing in the sky, at first glance it looked like the b1 bomber but that was shortly dispelled. The area the sitghing took place in was sparsely populated at the time so there was only 3 sources of light polution in the night sky in line of site of the craft which helped me make a guess at the size of the craft, it was enormous. My house was a few blocks off a main f.m. highway and i45, the fm highway ran east to west and i45 north to south from my position. From the spot i was standing observing the craft i45 was 2 miles east and the closest edge of the craft was close to the end ot the road i lived on which dead ended 2 blocks east of where i was stranding. Between the end of the road and i45 were maybe 20 houses and several acres of woods and pastures. There were a few scattered clouds in the sky and no moon but the light from i45 and the mall could be seen clearly reflecting off near the center of the craft. Id say the craft was less than 1000 feet up and it moved very slowly. There was some traffic on the near highway but over the slight road noise i could hear an audible hum. After making note of the scale of the craft i knew it had to have been something on the order of 4 or more miles long near to far end though i couldnt see the far end, the center of the craft was just slightly above the treeline/horizon with the rest of its outline disappearing below the treeline. The craft had a number of lights on its leading edge and at least 2 on its trailing all of the same hue of red and a constant light no flashing as an aircrafts marker lights would. Against the night sky it was pitch black save where the lights of the highway and the mall reflected off its underside. I would have written it off as a collection of planes flying in formation if it werent for a few things that dont add up. It was clearly a solid object. Jet black against the dark blue of the night sky, stars visible over the light polution disappear! ed as the craft flew between them and me line of sight. It flew too slow to be any regular aircraft save for maybe a blimp but it was far too big to be a blimp of any known make. The thing that convinced me it was a solid single craft was the scattered clouds described earlier. In the 2 hours i watched it passed through 1 of the errant clouds and parted it some going over the top and some underneath. I went inside to get a drink and a sketch pad to draw out what we were seeing and when i got back outside it was gone. It had taken the craft 2 hours or so to move roughly 3 miles but in less than a minute it had gone completely out of sight without making any noise. To this day it remains the single largest thing i've ever seen. if requested i can scan the sketches i made of the sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));29.3953575757576;-95.0820454545455
