Unknown circular (disk) type aircraft moving at astronomical speed with ground shaking noise;2015-03-07 20:40:00;15-20 seconds;Unknown Circular (disk) type aircraft moving at astronomical speed with ground shaking noise On Saturday March 8, 2015, at approx. 2040 hours (8:40 P.M.), I was asleep, when awakened by one heck of a loud roaring noise of such intensity it was literally vibrating/shaking the walls and window panes of the entire house.  To me it sounded as if it were a large jet airliner flying way too low as if it were in some sort of mechanical distress about to have to make a forced emergency landing any second, as I briefly cringed for a few seconds wondering if our house was going to be the first one taken out. By the time I got out of the bed and went through the house into the living room my wife was just coming back inside from the front door.  I asked her, “you hear that dammed jet”!  She had this weirdest look on her face saying, “Yes I did, that’s why I went out the front door and that was no air plane of any kind, I saw it”!   She was watching television in the living room and heard the same approach when she jumped up off the couch and stepped out the front door.  She stated that as soon as she cleared the overhang of the front part of the house and looked up in the direction the approaching rumble was coming from (the south east) she could clearly see three lights to the front of a perfectly round object.  Two red evenly spaced and shining at an angle off to the side with one intensely bright white light centered in the middle shining straight ahead as if were a headlight or spotlight for the pilot/operator.   She further stated upon me questioning her that it looked as if it were! going to brush the top of a row of tall pine trees we have down the side of the yard (approx.. 30 feet high).  That as she could see it was no plane of any kind as it cleared the tree tops she could then tell that it was may be three times the height of the trees above them.   As it flew across the top of the trees going right over our house headed North West upon her looking up at it trying to follow it with her eyes once it cleared the house, “That it was gone with the speed of a shooting star.”   At this time, she could tell that it was may be two to three times the height of the pine trees above them which would have been may be 90 feet or so?  I know it’s extremely difficult to impossible for most of us to accurately estimate distance of most anything in the sky.  Furthermore it looked as if it were may be as big around as our living room which is somewhere around 10 X 20 feet of which I have no idea as to just what size larger that would be 90 plus feet above? Santa Fe, Texas, is located in Galveston County, about 22 miles west from Galveston Island, which sits right on the coast line of the open waters of the huge Gulf of Mexico where quite a few of these unexplained sightings seem to come from/occur and about 30 miles or so south of Houston.  See a previous report of a sighting I personally saw and submitted 05-04-12 @22:15 Santa Fe, Texas, one night on my way to work from Santa Fe to Galveston.   I see where Texas ranks fourth in the nation (4,342 reports) behind Washington State (4,991), Florida (5,096), and California (11,165) all of which seem to be “hot beds” for this sort of activity.   Also look up “Strange Lights Over Galveston on YouTube” where others have caught these strange light orbs and patterns in the sky of which I reported on.  The best one was submitted by a “DB James’ out of Texas City one of many cities in Galveston County reporting video’s there and reports to this site.;29.3953575757576;-95.0820454545455
