Green orb making irregular movements in the sky;2021-04-18 21:30:00;15-20 minutes;Green orb making irregular movements in the sky On the night of Sunday, April 18th, 2021, at approximately 9 p.m. I was inside my home washing dishes when I could hear sirens outside of my home. As a few minutes passed, I began to hear even more sirens and police cars gathering close by. I walked outside to the end of my driveway to investigate all of the sirens I was hearing. Across the street from me, there was a small home that appeared to have smoke pouring out of it. Obviously I presumed something was on fire inside the home. I watched roughly eight fire trucks arrive on the scene followed by numerous police cars and three ambulances. My home resides behind my landlord who i'm friends with so i sent her a text message to let her know what was going on. She came outside and greeted me and stood beside me while we watched the events of the fire unfold. We stood at the end of the driveway while we watched the fire fighters try to make an entry into the house. Roughly fifteen minutes after watching them, I noticed what seemed to be a solid green colored star slowly descend from the sky.The closer it became, the less it seemed like a star and more like a green orb. The green orb descended until it stopped right above the scene of the fire. At the time I asked my landlord if she could see the same green orb I did to which she agreed.  When it stopped, we could tell that the object had a round figure to it, also it had some mass to it. You could tell that it was large, and it sat just under the clouds right above the home. The object sat there in mid air not moving for a few moments. Suddenly it started moving side to side very slowly. 	We continued to watch the object shocked and wondering what it was. We kept asking each other what it could be and we couldn't come up with an answer. The green orb would move slowly in one direction, then in the blink of an eye, shoot straight up into the sky. It was almost impossible to keep up with. The object stayed a solid green color and continued to stay directly above the scene of the house fire. It would come down slowly and hover, then move to the side, then gain altitude and ascend into the sky. All of the movements were irregular and hard to keep up with because of how erratic it was. There were times we could see it right under the clouds almost getting close enough to hover right over the treeline that was behind the house, then it would ascend so quickly into the sky it would look like a distant star all over again. Even when it gained altitude, it would stop in mid air and slowly move side to side, then drop down close. Whatever movement it made it seemed t! o have an interest in the lights or the scene of the house fire. As my landlord and I both watched it, we felt nervous and a little shaken up because of the movements this green orb was making. This was no drone because of the speed and altitude it could achieve in mere milliseconds. This was not a meteor or any kind of man piloted aircraft. It did not have any kind of propelling force that moved the object. There was no fire or smoke behind the aircraft. This object moved across the sky back and forth so quickly and slowly that you could tell it did not abide by the natural law of physics. After watching this green orb for about fifteen minutes it would disappear, then reappear on the other side of the sky. My landlord and I struggled to point out to each other where it was disappearing and reappearing. Eventually after it made its erratic movements and kept moving across the sky, the object just simply disappeared. We watched it do this a few times until eventually it never reappeared in the sky. My landlord and I knew what we had just ! seen was something unexplained. Even now when we talk about it, we get uncomfortable.;29.3953575757576;-95.0820454545455
