Red Orange lights in formation a good portion of sky with sophisticated movement.;2003-09-10 20:30:00;30 mins.;Red Orange lights in formation a good portion of sky with sophisticated movement. September 10, 2003 my boyfriend (architect) and I (software engineer) decided to take a walk on the beach around 7pm towards the lighthouse and bird sanctuary from the far right beach entrance on the boardwalk. There is about a 100 feet of sand between the water and the bird sanctuary that is on the other side of you as you walk the beach. It was about 75 degrees that night and the tide was unusally high. It is very isolated. It was a dark, clear, starry night. When we got near the lighthouse we felt a weird sensation like we were being watched. The only light is the lighthouse light. I even said I thought someone was watching us. We turned around and walked back to where we entered the beach and had an uneasy walk back to the boardwalk. A chill went up my neck and we walked up the boardwalk where the main part of the city is  and I turned my head to the right and said, What the hell is that? One large looming red orange light was joined by another and they mutilplied outward till there was ten on each side, Kevin turned to look as the formation was collapsing inwards (he saw five lights on each side move) towards the center and then the lights got a big bright flash that filled the entire night sky and Kevin saw sparkly things come off it. They then disappeared. The formation was very sophisticated and I grew up on Edwards AFB and my dad was in the Air Force so I know what military exercises look like and I am an engineer and have worked with flares, so I know this was not either military or flare or fireworks in resemblence. We stayed to watch the night sky as red orange formations lit up the sky, sometimes three shapes very high on the left and then two below on the left of the sky. It was some pretty sophisticated stuff. I remember that even though it seemed to happen fast, before we knew it, it was 9pm. I know it started at 8:30 because the reason I happen to be looking in that direction is because I was looking for the time. I can honestly say that I am a skeptic and whatever I s! aw scared the crap out of me and made me consider having a much more open mind. I could not turn the lights out at night when I went to bed, because it unnerved me.;38.969;-74.9167000000001
Formation of blue, purple, green, and red lights hovered over NORTHBOUND GSP . White/metallic spacecraft ZOOMED towards lights. WOWWWWW;2017-08-19 22:00:00;1 minute;Formation of blue, purple, green, and red lights hovered over NORTHBOUND GSP . White/metallic spacecraft ZOOMED towards lights.  WOWWWWW Driving south on Garden State Parkway (from Ocean City towards Cape May), a formation of multiple colored lights hovered in the sky.  Colors ranged from purple to blue to green to red.  They moved in a manner never before seen by my own eyes in person.  There was a gap of space between the formation of lights and ONE singular metallic/white spacecraft that moved towards the formation of lights faster than anything I've ever seen before.   As we drove past the lights, the metallic/ white light caught up to them in NO TIME, and the lights shifted towards over the bay. Every hair on my body stood up for about 5 minutes and occasionally does the same as I continue to think about what it is we just saw.  LISTEN--I'm not one to joke around about something of this magnitude.  There were other cars headed in our direction that saw the same thing and pulled over to the side of the highway to further examine what they were seeing.  If my daughter was not in the car, I too, would have pulled over.;38.969;-74.9167000000001
