Hard orange sphere seen over Deleware Bay winter of '89. The sphere dropped down to both sides of the ferry then departed.;1989-12-10 22:00:00;5 minutes;Hard orange sphere seen over Deleware Bay winter of '89. The sphere dropped down to both sides of the ferry then departed. Winter evening,winter of '89/90. Three merchant marine officers were on the bridge of one of the Cape May, NJ - Lewes, MD ferry ( Two of the officers were the Captian and the Pilot.  The other was a pilot trainee, me.  All of us were ex- military, all had high Merchant Marine Licenses and two of us had a/c pilot licenses. Just prior to leaving the pier a large, hard edged, orange colored sphere descended down to eye level on the starboard side of the bridge, hovered there for a couple of minutes.  It then proceded straight up for a short distance, went horizantal to the other side of the ship (port side) then came straight (vertically) down and again stopped just outside the bridge railing at eye level.  After a very short period of time , maybe one minute, the sphere then departed straight up a very high rate of speed then headed southward at an approximate 45 degree angle until it was out of sight. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of event is approximate.  We will invite the witness to consult his officer's logs, in order to confirm the date of the incident.  PD));38.969;-74.9167000000001
Brightly lighted (white light) stationary object in the Southeastern sky witnessed by three people.;2003-09-25 00:15:00;We saw it for one hour, b;Brightly lighted (white light) stationary object in the Southeastern sky witnessed by three people. We saw one stationary sphere that had what appeared to be windows or holes in a symetrical pattern all over the sphere. The number of holes that I counted was 37. The holes were such that they were larger in the center and got smaller as they went away from the center giving it the sphere shape. I could also see the outline of hte sphere. The center vertical row which contained seven holes, and the center horizontal row which also contained seven holes, were emanating white light. The hole in the center of the intersection had the brightest light. emanating from each end of the rows were light rays that were bright near the object and grew dimmer as they went away from it until they dissappeared. The other holes had light, but it was dimmer than the two center rows (the vertical one and the horizontal one). The vertical rows were as follows: the brightly lighted center row of seven holes, one row of seven holes on each side of the center hole, one row of five holes on each side of those rows, and one row of three holes on each side of those. The horizontal rows were of identical description. The object appeared to be stationary at around 150 degrees azimuth and 35 degrees elevation. ((NUFORC Note:  We have sent an e-mail to the witnesses who submitted the report, requesting more information on how they were able to see such detail, but we have not heard back from them yet.  PD));38.969;-74.9167000000001
My wife and I witnessed a large Orange lantern shaped ORB that was very bright and large in the night sky. It was low in the sky and pa;2008-07-18 22:30:00;10-12 minutes;My wife and I witnessed a large Orange lantern shaped ORB that was very bright and large in the night sky. It was low in the sky and passed very close to us and we could not identify it as normal. The object moved moderately fast in a straight path into the night sky until it was out of sight. It made no noise. It appeared that the object had flames inside the orb and was glowing. The object was in our field of view for 10-12 minutes. My wife and I both felt that our eyes hurt after viewing this object. There was a full moon on this night. I reported the sighting the following day to the Cape May police department. They claimed that no one else had called in. We were unable to video.;38.969;-74.9167000000001
