Orange lights blinking in and out.;2014-11-07 19:45:00;30-45 seconds?;Orange lights blinking in and out. I walked out onto our back porch to have a cigarette at about 7:45PM.  A light caught my attention in the southeastern sky. I would estimate it to have been about 20 degrees off the horizon.  I got the impression that the light was not very far from the edge of town but it's difficult to say.  It was round or spherical and a medium shade of orange with no other colors apparent.  There appeared to be a slight aura surrounding it. The light seemed to be moving very slowly toward what would be northeast of my position. It hadn't gone very far at all when it suddenly blinked out.  Seconds later a new light of the same description and apparent size blinked on.  The new light was trailing behind the first. In other words, I do not believe it to have been the same light.  The second light, like the first, blinked out after a few seconds.  Now, several more lights of the same description and size appeared in the following seconds, however, they did not all follow the same movement pattern of the first two.  Some moved up, some moved down etc.  There were also instances where two lights would appear together but there never seemed to be more than two illuminated at once.  A few of the lights did make some rather erratic movements as well.  I do not believe they were simply being blown by the wind.  All of the lights blinked out or disappeared within a few seconds of appearing.  The lights did not seem to flicker. I saw nothing dripping from them or being cast off them.  Seven to ten lights would be my best estimate as to how many I saw in total.  The event lasted no more than thirty to fourty-five seconds. I would estimate each light to have been about the size of a small pea at arms length.  The general look and movement of the lights seemed odd to me.  There is no way for me to be sure of course but I didn't get the impression that they could have been airplanes, helicopters, flares or fireworks.  I've never noticed any weather ! phenomena resembling this either and I've lived in the immedia! te area for most of my life.  Definitely unusual.;39.6466;-83.7514
