Several bright objects seen moving with incredible speed and flight patterns in the night sky over Onalaska, Wisconsin;2004-06-22 22:15:00;75 minutes;Several bright objects seen moving with incredible speed and flight patterns in the night sky over Onalaska, Wisconsin I was sitting on my patio facing the east sky when I noticed a large bright object proceeding from south to north at a rapid, steady pace. The object seemed to fade, then disappear when it reached about the centerpoint of the skyline. Moments later I began to observe at least three smaller objects move in irregular patterns in small regions of the sky surrounding the spot where the first object disappeared. It was difficult to say what shape the objects were, but they definitely appeared solid and light reflective. They were at about a 40-50 degree angle in the sky. The altitude appeared to be about the same as a commercial jet liner would fly in. These were no ordinary craft as they appeared to change both altitde and range in jerky and sometimes shaky motions. They exhibited zig-zag patterns, back and forth motions, rounded or circular fire-fly like flight patterns. They changed directions at will and at an incredible speed. Considering their distance, and comparing with the speed of a commercial jet airliner, I would say unhesitatingly that the were capable of hovering, then traveling at several thousand miles per hour and making a 180 degree flight change. They seemed to hold their patterns in a region of the sky as if committed to that area. There was some kind of a haze around these objects. No sound could be heard at any point, including the original large, lower flying object. I brought my wife and 18 year old daughter outside and they too sat in chairs and agreed that they saw the objects and that there was irregular, freakish, awesome movement. We then began noticing that several more bigger, brighter objects similar to the first object I sighted were traveling across the sky. Two went south to north together. Others went seperately in a southerly direction. These sightings were followed by the prescence of many more of these smaller objects, all with jerky, rocking, up-down, fire-fly, incredibly fast speeds/ changes. It was hard to say how many total craft there were  but it was starting to seem intimidating. My wife, in fact, found it important to rationalize these away as military aircraft defending us from terrorists. We are a professional couple with excellent reputations. ((NUFORC Note:  We will telephone the witnesses and attempt to establish whether the objects might have been satellites.  If they were not satellites, we do not know what the witnesses observed.  PD));43.9000999999992;-91.2276000000009
