Very bright, silent, triangular object over Bandera Co., TX, suddenly turned off lights tho obj. still there. (NUFORC Note:  ISS.  PD));2011-07-03 22:10:00;20 sec;Very bright, silent, triangular object over Bandera County, Texas. suddenly turned off lights tho object still there. It was about 10 after 10 PM this evening, July 3, 2011, when I stepped outside to look at the sky.  It was a beautiful, clear sky filled with stars.   A few seconds after looking up I saw a very bright object moving from north to south.  It was moving steady and as it passed overhead, it appeared to have a triangular shape.  There appeared to be two, bright lights shining side by side and there were no other lights.  Lights were steady with no blinking.   There was no sound whatsoever.    The object moved at a steady clip but there was no way to know how high it was.  Of course, the higher it was would have meant a very large object.  At arm's length it appeared to be about 1/2 the size of my little fingernail.  The entire sighting lasted maybe 15 to 20 seconds.   As it reached about 40 degs. above the Southern horizon the lights just went out.  I could still see a very faint object of the same size but it quickly moved off and disappeared.  I found out when I came in that my wife, who was in the backyard walking the dog, saw it also but thought it was a plane.  I was in the Air Force for 4 years and never saw anything like this before. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witness observed an over-flight of the International Space Station.  PD));29.7289;-99.0485
A hoard of UFOs flying with a triangle brings clouds in an instant.;2015-01-08 19:40:00;20 minutes;A hoard of UFOs flying with a triangle brings clouds in an instant. My mom and I went out to smoke our cigarettes, when I noticed that the sky didn't look right.  There was a ring of lightly colored clouds that covered the horizon, in all directions.  When we looked up it was like a giant circle of black (like the world had turned into a dome shaped skylight), and there were three lights in the sky, dispersed to where I thought I was seeing the stars.   When I looked to the south, there was a gap in the clouds, which was a very lightly colored sky, as though the sun was still setting.  When I looked back up at the black, I started to notice, I couldn't tell if it was really clouds or not.  It didn't look right.  Then I noticed the brightest of the three lights (mentioned earlier) was actually moving, with a lesser bright light slowly tailing behind it.  The brightest light seemed to split up into two bright lights for short instances.   The two lights were moving south, but the further they went it seemed as though they weren't moving! at all, despite the speed at which they were moving.  I stuck my finger exactly where I saw the brightest one last (making sure I wasn't seeing stars) and sure enough they were moving.  But, they still seemed to be going nowhere.  About the time I confirmed they were moving I noticed the third star disappeared and several little lights dashed and flashed all over the sky.  At one point one little bouncing light dotted the outline of a square.  I think there was thirteen of them, maybe more.  This went on for a while and I noticed the clouds coming from the horizon stretching all the way across the sky. (It took about three minutes to occur) the clouds stretch across like ribbons laid out side by side.  It looked like the lighst were pulling the clouds in, it wasn't natural. Next thing I noticed was the brightest light and the little light tailing it had finally made some distance.  It went from directly overhead to west over the house.  I was soon able to make out the shape of the brightest star, a triangle with a little red pulsing light in the center.   It and the little light ducked in and out of the clouds (Six minutes after the clouds appeared, the sky was covered by clouds), and the lights soon disappeared.  Still after the two lights left the flashing, ducking, and dashing lights still remained and later ceased.;29.7289;-99.0485
