Black red striped organic shape shifting craft;2014-07-11 06:10:00;10 minutes;Black red striped organic shape shifting craft Hello, I'd like to share what I saw today for science.  I live in an apartment where cars are subject to tow so I always need to get up early in the morning to move my car.  I got up and walk to my car to move it which is about 300 feet from my apartment.   As I was getting in to my car I happened to look up and saw a black object in the sky.  I am used to seeing helicopters and military aircraft in the area since this is north san diego.  But I knew right away something was different about this object.  It was far away enough that it just looked like a baloon.  Luckily enough I had my binoculors in my car which they said 10 x 30 on them.   As I observed the craft it had an irregular flight pattern.. (going up and down left and right). As I focused in with my binoculors I could tell right away what it was.  There first thing I noticed every now and then on it was it had what appeared to be a set up lights on what appeared to be fins on the craft.  As I observed it spin, it appeared to be shape shifting and spinning its mass as it was moving with some lights visible.  Once I saw that I started to get excited and look for any other person in the area to point out what I was seeing. I kept an eye on it as I was moving, I found to construction workers talking in their trucks and walked up and pointed to what I was looking at.  They thought it was a balloon but with my binoculors I could see what it really was..   As all this was going on it was drifting south east and gaining altitude.  I did get a view of the craft when it was not shape shifting and it was diamond/teardrop in shape and had an organic appearance with fins in the middle with low light lights on it.  The surface had a vein like appearance of something like a vegetable with black and dark red in a striped like organic way.  I may have seen a windscreen but it was too far too tell. After seeing that I ran back to my apartment to get my camera and try and get a view shots through my binoc! ulors but by the time I came back out it had already been lost! in to t he clouds.   I have a broad knowledge of all kinds of aircraft and balloons and can say this was not like anything I have every seen in my entire life and has changed my perception about life as I know it. I have attached a sketch and a video of the area of its flight. Sadly I could not get any hard evidence of it.;33.1247691860466;-117.179476744186
