Unsual aircraft with bright light and almost no engine noise.;2007-02-20 19:00:00;2 minutes;Unsual aircraft with bright light and almost no engine noise. I was just reading about the black triangle sightings that happened around 2-19-07 to 2-22-07.  I thought I would add one more to the mix.  I don't remember the exact date, but it was in that time frame. I was sitting in my living room watching TV.  From my position I can see through the dining room window.  The sun had already went down and it had just gotten completely dark.  I estimate it was around 7:00 to 8:00 PM.  I see a bright light through the trees tops across the street.  My husband is sitting across the room with his back to the wall.  He has no view of the window.  He sees that I see something and ask what it is.  I said I see a bright light and it must be a helicopter searching for something.  My house faces east and the light was comeing from the east going west.  I go outside to get a better look and a few seconds later I am followed by my husband.  I told my husband that it is not a helicopter cause there is no noise.  Soon we could see the lights where the wings are suppose to be.  There was one on each side.  One was blue and the other is red.  I don't remeber which side one or the other was on.  The white light, which was in the middle and out front, outshone them by about 5X.  I assumed the white light was landing lights.  We started to hear a low roar from the engine.  It passed right over the top of our heads and just a little to the north.  I should of been able to see the landing gear and the noise from the engine should of deafen us.  This was not the case.  It was too quite and I couldn't see the plane.  I couldn't even make out the outline.  My husband made the comment that this is strange.  Viewing it from the rear the two lights on the side changed to one white and the other red.  I ran into the house to get the binoculars and out the back door, but it had already cleared the trees in the back.  My husband and myself are both ex military.  We know what planes and helicopters sound like.  We can tell the difference in the helicopters by their sound.  We don't have to see them.  I am also retired from the FAA.  We live east of an Airforce base.  There is a flight path behind our house going south to north.  This is the training path of the Airforce.  There is also a National Guard helicopter base to the south of us.  Their path is east to west south of our house.  The also sometimes go west to east on their return trip, but not all the time.  I looked on the internet for information on the stealth plane.  Even though there is quite a bit of information about them it doesn't say that they are quite.  Also the lights on the side were to far apart and to far forward for it to be a stealth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.4846;-97.1726
