Ball of bright white light spotted near S.W. 59th. and Czech Hall Rd.;2012-03-24 23:27:00;15 to 20 seconds;Ball of bright white light spotted near S.W. 59th. and Czech Hall Rd. My  wife, daughter, & I were pulling out of the city park onto S.W. 59th Street heading West.  At approx.  A 100 degree angle to my left I saw what appeared to be a ball of white light.  It seemed to be about the size a pencil eraser.  It lasted for 5 to 10 seconds then got smaller and abruptly was gone.  I asked if they saw it and my wife said she didn’t, “I was paying attention to the road” is what she said and my daughter was texting.  I thought maybe it was an airliner but there were no other lights and it wasn’t headed towards us.  It was there one second and then just gone.  Strange!;35.3882;-97.7261
Bright blue/white ' star-like'  light in broad daylight appears, moves, then vanishes.;2021-01-12 16:00:00;30 seconds - 1 minute;Bright blue/white ' star-like'  light in broad daylight appears, moves, then vanishes. No other aircraft in the area at the time, although there were plenty after the sighting for me to compare to and come to the conclusion that what I saw was NOT a plane or a star: Clear blue skies no clouds, absolutely no other objects or stars in the sky. A bright blue/white 'star-like' light appeared for a few moments where there was nothing but a clear sky seconds before, it then moved up/right through the sky unlike a plane. The light is all we saw as it overtook whatever object was making the light. It also seemed to move without any light trails or tracers, nor did the light ever blink. It stayed steady, and seemed to have no effect of inertia as it moved. It then stopped, and quickly faded away as if it was a light bulb dimming out. My grandmother was just as shocked and instantly said: I'm gonna forget I saw that, even after reminding her of what we just saw in broad daylight with clear vision and a sober mind. It freaked her out and she ! wanted no more part in talking about it, but I was amazed and inspired to share this story. We are not alone, whatever that may mean. For a light that glowed as bright as a star during the day to have moved, appeared, and vanished the way it did makes me 100% believe that it was not a plane. I lived next to Tinker AFB my whole life, it was entirely different. To all reading, thank you for your time. I would love to hear more from others, especially fellow Oklahomans. I choose to believe.;35.3882;-97.7261
