Bright lights in sky moving perpendicular, coming together as one and lifting away to space, vanished;2011-09-25 22:00:00;2 minutes;bright lights in sky moving perpendicular, coming together as one and lifting away to space, vanished My friend and I wanted to get out of the hot house to talk about things.  We went out the back door and headed east across the yard towards the cars. The sky was clear and the stars bright.  I live in Oregon and you rarely can see stars due to the high level of polution, so I just looked up at the prettiness as we were walking. At the east side of the property is the tree line.  There are 2 tall firs, about 35 feet from each other.  I happened to look strait up at the sky then let my vision fall towards the east and between these 2 large trees.  That’s when I saw this bright light moving towards the east.  First thought, a plane.  But it wasn’t moving in a prefect strait line, I used the trees as my reference.  So I said to my friend look at that.  He did.  That’s when I noticed just to the north of the relative position another bright light not moving.  Then that object started to head perpendicular to the first.  They came together perfectly, did not increase in brightness and quickly appeared to head straight up to space and vanished. I imagine that it is possible for unknown maneuvers to be done.  This appeared as a docking event. I hope this helps.  I’m not interested in fame or fortune and I am a Lutheran.;46.864;-122.8521
Orange ball of light hovers and then ascends and suddenly disappears;2011-10-01 21:50:00;2-3 minutes;Orange ball of light hovers and then ascends and suddenly disappears At approximately 9:50pm PST this evening (10-01-2011) my wife and I stepped out side our house. We looked to the north of us and there was a very bright orange flickering ball of light in the sky with a slight halo.  It looked like it was burning and I first thought a plane was on fire and expected it to descend at any moment.  I judge the height to be between 1000 to 2000 feet. There was a sound similar to a plane moving across the sky.  But I saw no other planes while looking around. We live in a flight path to Seatac international airport and a few miles south of a regional airport so we are use to seeing and hearing planes.  This was very different.  This light was too low for the jetliners that fly much higher and too large for the smaller cessnas that fly out of the regional airport nearby. This was not typical of the different planes and their normal lights  It seemed to move a few degrees to the east but very slowly. The cloud cover was sparse and low but I thought perhaps the light of this was diffusing oddly through the thin patchy clouds.  The stars were viewable throught the clouds and the light was shining down rather than horizontally. T he plane like sound diminished and the light seemed to hover in place for about 30 seconds.  I kept watching to see if it was a plane flying.  Then it just went straight up and suddenly disappeared.  The best description I can give is that it looked like the firey engines of a rocket as it is ascending.;46.864;-122.8521
