150- 200 feet away from object !!;2001-03-28 01:35:00;0ne minute to a minute an;150- 200 feet away from object !! i'm writting this event for my friend as he told it word for word!!  my friend is a long haul truck driver who lives in Canada and was trucking through Minnesota on the night the event took place.  ((name deleted)) was trucking along hwy 59 south in Minnesota near the town of Mahomen? he was not sure how to spell the name of the town, (mohomen).  It was about 01:35 to 01:45 when he observed a streak of light going across the ground then up into the tree line.(looked like it was going to crash into the trees.)then it hovered over the trees about 150-200 feet away. the object appeared to be observing him, ((name deleted)) rolled down his window of his rig (truck) and stuck his head out, he was watching it and there was no noise whatsoever.  he was amazed of what he was seeing. he looked directly at it when it just suddenly shot straight up into the sky. he was still watching it when it just dissapeard instantly like turning off a light switch. the entire ordeal took about a minute to a minute and a half.  He discribed the object as follows........ a black smooth surface object about 35-50 feet in diameter, in the centre of the object it looked like there was 4 to 6 feet of glass and it was light up with a pulsating gold light.the very top of the object was a red light on a pole, the light was 3 to 4 feet wide on the top of the pole.on the very bottom of the object it was chrome in colour. I have been best friends with this man that has wittnessed this sighting and i personally believe his story.  he is a man in his late 50's and does not drink or take drugs. ((NUFORC Note:  Mahnomen, MN, is located in the White Earth Indian Reservation, in Mahnomen County, midway between Grand Forks, ND, Fargo, ND, and Bemidji, MN.  I have visited Mahnomen on several occasions, and I know the airport that the report alludes to.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note #2:  We have spoken with the witness, and we found his description of his sighting to be quite interesting.  The witness sounds to be credible, and he seems quite serious in his description of the alleged events  He reported the alleged sighting to a law enforcement organization approximately two weeks after the event, and he photographed the site.  We have spoken to the deputy sheriff, who confirms his conversation with the witness.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM--TEXT OF WITNESS REPORT MAILED TO NUFORC)) The night of March 28, 2001, at about 0ne forty five in the morning, I was southbound on hwy. 59, south of Mahnomen, MN, and I observed a flying saucer  come off the ground and into the air.  I couldn't believe what I was watching.  It took about one, or one and a half, minutes to take off.  It took off like turning a lite off and on.  The other amazing thing about this is I returned to this same area on April 10, 2001, about 13 days later.  I reported this encounter with the local sheriff's department.  I got permission from him to go out and take some photographs.  I took about 12 to 14 snap shots of the area.  I was annoyed when none of the pictures turned out.  Today is of great concern about the area, as I think the area should be checked by professional people to make sure (the) area is safe, as this is a large farm area.  I wrote this on April 24, 2001, at 1500 hrs., and I still have concerns about the area.   Yours Truly  Mr. (name deleted))  P. S.--I don't have a problem taking a lie detector test about this.  I'm sending these copies, as this is my own handwriting.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness includes several hand-drawn illustrations, showing the outline shape of the object.  PD));47.3362;-95.8856
