Orange/red glowing objects. Spotsylvania Co Va. 2005 Photographed!;2005-03-09 03:00:00;ONE HOUR;Orange/red glowing objects. Spotsylvania Co Va. 2005 Photographed! I witnessed about    March 2005 , approximately 3:am in the morning 2-3 glowing orange, like ( hot molten metal! Or reddish orange sun type looking ) objects in the western skyline. I was going to get kerosene for our portable heaters I had bought earlier in the day. They were sitting still (hovering)  Where I first noticed them. Then they each sped straight up at a incredible speed. I thought I was seeing things at first  like a jet or plane helicopter. I knew what I saw was no plane or helicopter! I ran into  the house to get my camera that was close . They were back at exactly the same spot. They would go straight up and zig  zag, doing incredible loops and turns that no human being could ever stand the g-forces involved. They came to the same spot again and went left at 45 deg. Right 45 degrees, until  they went out of sight. Accelerated very fast, No sound! Maneuvering as it would seem. They would blink out or disappear and return to same spot  in a  s! traight line formation just like you would turn a light on off? They returned to same spot about 1 week later I observed them do similar maneuvers as first sighting. They have not returned since Dec. 2006. I have heard about other people who have had similar sightings here in Va. As mine. I live near several military installations ,Fort A.P.HILL 15 miles the way the crow flies, to my rear / west to my front / Culpepper  Va, 35 miles / Senate  Bunker, 40 miles Boeing corp. Gruuman  corp, Mannassas  Va, / 45 miles (closest)  5 miles  North Anna nuclear power, as  well as Dulles or Reagan international Airport, I have sent several ( 4 of  the more than 15 )  of the pictures I have  to Mr Davenport here at  National ufo  to review. These have not been altered or retouched, and are on the original dig. Media card. All pics were taken with a Fuji fine pix 4.9 mega pixel camera with a 6 x zoom lens  + 2 x added zoom lens & adapter.Camera is night time infrared capable. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.0625;-77.6584
