Salem, MA UFO sighting by the power plant, in the same location as one before, 69 YEARS AGO!;2021-08-20 19:58:00;~1 minute;Salem, MA UFO sighting by the power plant, in the same location as one before, 69 YEARS AGO! On the night of Friday, 8/20/2021 at 7:58 pm, I was walking toward downtown Salem, after taking pictures of the beautiful sunset and (almost full) moon. I just happened to look up to my left (in the northeast direction  almost subconsciously knowing/sensing something was there, but had no other reason to look up) which is ironically, in the direction of the Salem power plant, I see almost a seemingly small, black disk/saucer type object, slowly moving toward the power plant, (where the first, original report was sighted on 7/16/1952, 69 years ago, almost to the day I surprisingly had no knowledge of this sighting prior to this current experience, and weirdly enough, a few days days later while watching a show on TV,  it happened to mention/discuss and inform me of that 1952 Salem sighting, by US Coastguardsmen) as it seems to be slowly descending down toward that area/shoreline. In my video, you can only hear a few cars passing by, as I’m walking down a main street (Bridge St in Salem, I’m also taking a left turn onto Lathrop St, while passing through the parking lot of the business of Brake and Clutch) there seemed to be almost a eerie silence, as I’m watching this black object passing by in the sky, mesmerized.  As mentioned before, it was black in color, which had no lights, and can’t really make out the outline of the object, other than it looked a black disk/saucer/sphere. Also, as earlier mentioned, didn’t seem to be making any noise it didn’t look like a plane, helicopter, or drone, and didn’t seem to have any recognizable features on it, like you would see and/or hear. The Beverly Airport is in the opposite direction (in the northwest direction), as well as Boston’s Logan Airport (in the southeast direction) and where this object is heading, there is nowhere for anything to land in that area due to the ocean and power plant being there. As this object is descending, right before it reaches the tree line and seemingly goes out of sight and “disappears”, the object seems to be turning onto it’s side, where it looks like it might be rotating in a way. It also left no condensation/“chem” trail or eminence of the object, like a plane would. I stood around in disbelief, trying to f! ind the object after it disappeared (at least from my view), as if it may have just vanished or descend into the water. This experience was less than a minute long, and strangely as if the object noticed me videoing it, seemed to pick up speed a bit, and started to turn/rotate onto its side, and head toward the water/plant, almost looking like it was still rotating, after I lost view of it, behind the tree line. . As mentioned before, I never saw the object again. I stood around for maybe a minute or two, trying to locate it, then continuing to walk down Lathrop St, in the direction where the object seemed to head toward and/or maybe land. A few things that stood out the most during this event was the fact that it seemed to be turning onto its side and continue rotating, that it was completely silent, and the object seemed to be smaller than a regular “craft”, which had no recognizable features that I could make out, other than it looked like a small, black, seemingly  rota! ting saucer-type shape, that descended out of sight, either in! to the w ater/somehow “land” by the power plant/or disappearing altogether.  I also read in the earlier reports from this site this month, that on 8/1/2021, around 10pm, in Beverly (where I live and the northern neighboring town over, which is connected by a bridge) had a sighting there, a little bit over 2 weeks before my sighting. I love taking pictures, and always take nature/sky gazing shots. Recently, even though I don’t have the photographic evidence, I have been noticing some weird, flashing (and not flashing) bright lights in the sky, both during the day/night. I was always confused and bewildered by them, and just discounting them as something else, assuming that there was some type of explanation for it. Now, this experience has me so blown away by what I saw in my video, and I keep rewatching it to see if I notice anything else I missed, try and make out exactly what the object is or what it could be. Lately, there also has been very unusual weather patterns spectacular sunrises/sunsets, strange/ominous looking clouds, bad storms, and som! ewhat rare and amazing views of the moon (in all its phases it was almost a full moon that night, with the actual full moon being a few days later, but otherwise still spectacular), and wondering if it was maybe the reason why the “craft” was there, also sky gazing like I was previously, or if there even is a reason at all.  In conclusion, I am basically still in awe of what I witnessed and captured on video, trying to make sense of what exactly I saw. Obviously, I would be super excited and elated if this really was a UFO, like I believe it is.;42.5181;-70.8989999999999
