Several Balls of light Observed of Salem Ma;2019-09-24 21:22:00;10 minutes;Several Balls of light Observed of Salem Ma I was located on the roof deck bar of the Salem hotel.  I arrived there approximately at 21:15 hrs with my wife and a friend.  Upon settling in at the bar and waiting for our first order of drinks of the night.  I noticed 5 lights off in the distance.  They were rounding a telecommunications tower off in the distance.  At first I thought it might have been aircraft lining up going towards Logan international airport, but after observing them for sometime the lights were just hanging there not moving, and after several mins they began to move.  I asked several people there that night if that was a normal occurrence.  The two bar tenders and waiting staff replied no, it was the first time they had ever seen something like that.  The lights began to move off in another direction and towards the ground were they were not visible anymore.  If this was a flight pattern for landing air craft there should have been more coming in intervals, but have after these lights were g! one there were no more lights that came.  From my vantage point I believe the lights were near Swampscott, Ma, and the Salem, Ma. Roughly seven mins after being there I took a picture of these lights, and then they began to move, but they were going very slow, not like an ordinary planes flight path that should have looked quicker even at the distance that I was at.  This stuck with me and I wanted to check and see if there were any other reports of these lights and I came across your website. I have seen many things, I am month away from my contract ending with the military and I am Staff Sergeant I’m the Army.  I am aware of the way aircraft work and act during observation Wether fixed wing or rotary.  I also should mention there were no visible indication lights, the normal red-green blinking lights, nor were there any landing lights. What I am describing can be viewed on any aircraft.  These lights did not fit that description.  They looked like white balls of lights.;42.5181;-70.8989999999999
