Sighting while watching the eclipse.;2015-09-27 21:56:00;15 seconds;Sighting while watching the eclipse. I was outside the university watching the blood moon/super moon.  There were over 50 students present watching the moon.  It was still in the process of being covered since it was only about 10 pm.  I am a loner so I went to watch it alone on one of the benches meanwhile everyone else was sitting around 150 feet from me. There were 2 girls sitting on the other bench near mine to my left.  Everyone was preoccupied in their chatter and I was cold and bored with nothing much to do so I kept looking around.  The moon was to the right and so were the big crowd of students.  However when I looked to the left a very large aircraft went by.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing since I have lived near the airport for 18 years and am very aware how aircrafts look and could easily identify them at night.  This was different though since it was triangular in shape and upon closer inspection it was made of a black metallic object.  I thought I may be overexagerating which is why I I spoke up and asked the girl next to me if she thought the plane looked odd. I pointed the plane out to her and she agreed that it was in fact unlike anything she has seen before. I had my IPad in hand since I was taking pictures of the moon and quickly took pictures of the object. At the same time I was focusing on the sound it was sort of whizzing but it made no sense because there was no way you could hear an airplane in Salem.  It was a hard sound to make out because of the loud chatter and laughing of the students.  It was going too fast my camera couldn't focus so I tried to do the best I could go get one picture that could at least make out the light formation that I was seeing.  Although I could see the plane in decent detail my camera only picked up five lights in a triangular formation.  The sort of formation that birds use when migrating.  I could only get two pictures in poor quality because of how quickly it had happened.  I presume no one else saw it since there was no one freaking out like me or the girl next to me.  Eve yone was occupied looking the other way towards the moon.;42.5181;-70.8989999999999
3 UFO’s. Triangular, silent , 6 lights and fast.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report submitted by aviation mechanic.  PD));2017-10-28 04:27:00;00:04;3 UFO’s. Triangular, silent , 6 lights and fast. I saw 2 unusual bright lights in the sky.  As i was studying the lights a 3rd craft flew directly into my direction and over my car at a super low altitude.  I did not hear a sound and it had 6 super bright lights however it did not light the ground below it.  It was SUPER fast , I repeat, this craft made no sound.  At this point i lost sight of the original 2 craft on the horizon.   I am an aircraft mechanic.  I know of NO type of silent aircraft.  I also am located on Logans approach, so I see a lot of traffic but not from the south heading north.;42.5181;-70.8989999999999
