It was a red pulsing orb and silently flew by my house from west to east.;2012-06-22 23:00:00;1 minute;It was a red pulsing orb and silently flew by my house from west to east. It was red and it was pulsating.  It seemed to raise up from the western tree line, hover past my yard, then disappeared to the east.  It didn't seem to be that far away,  and appeared to be moving fairly slow.  Assuming it was as close as I thought it was, but it was dark and hard to tell. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));40.3214;-80.0378
This flying red/orange ball was something very out of the ordinary.;2017-09-13 21:45:00;1-2 minutes;This flying red/ orange ball was something very out of the ordinary. Left local pub while walking to vehicle noticed in sky a very bright orange red object in sky heading from the east to a westerly heading (this direction gradually changed to a south heading ).  It was considerably bright and seemed to dim somewhat after changing its direction.  I would guess its closest distance from to be a quarter to half mile ( maybe closer ).  It made no sound.   This object had no navigation lights, it was a solid orange red color for the duration of the sighting.  It was absolutely positively not a Chinese lantern.  The cloud cover was low--it was actually drizzling slightly during this sighting and right after I explained to my gf that this object was not on a standard flight corridor, a commercial jet (737-ish ) flew right under where this object faded from view-the airliner flew on a normal flight corridor that I see everyday and was very plainly visible with attendant navigational lights and was also flying under cloud cover at normal for this area altitude (1000-3000 ft ) about 15 miles from Greater Pittsburgh International.  Its jet engines were clearly audible. ///   I am former military and former law enforcement.  This was definitely an unusual sighting and I'll be curious if anyone else saw this object tonight.;40.3214;-80.0378
