Mother ships in south Texas.;2006-03-01 18:00:00;10 minutes;Mother ships in south Texas I was on my way to Austin,T.X driving alone, while the sun was setting and heading up Interstate 37 from Corpus Christi,Tx.  I had just passed through Mathis, T.X in San Patricio county and was about to enter Live Oak county along the interstate when I looked off to the left and not too far off in the horizon there was two HUGE metalic disc sitting side by side in mid air, slanted in formation at least half a mile away. I immediately pulled off the road and put my emergency lights on. I sat there and watched as the bottom object slowly moved down and left and it elongated into a long pillar of fire orange or almost like a thin cylinder. It turned into the sky and disappeared in a very odd fashion.  Almost like it had turned on a cloaking device.  The top object stayed as a classic disc shape but also turned fire orange.  About this time I noticed a diposable camera sitting in my console so I unloaded.  As I snapped photos I looked around and other cars were looking at me as they passed but no one seemed to be paying any attention.  The last disc did the same as the first and just disappeared.   By the time I had arrived in San Antonio there was alot of military ariel activity going on. Like a hornets nest being disturbed they were flying around the out skirts of the city.  Also in Austin I saw alot of jets flying around the outskirts.  Mind you these were not commercial airliners.  I had the photos developed and out of the twelve photos I snapped one shows a strange illumonous obbject sitting in the sky.  Because of the quality of the film it is left for someones own interpretation for it can not sum up the actual event.  I have this photo but it needs some one to give it an enhancement on the object pictured, some one to clear it up better with a program of some sorts.  It's a photo thats worth it!  These were what I would call mother craft because of the size.  Note that event took place as the sun was setting on the begining of lent and when the sun was down the moon was already in its place large and only the bottom of it was visible.  It was almost like an eclipse. This month of March 2006 yields alot of cosmic activity with an equinox and solar and lunar eclipses through out it. Makes you wonder.... ((NUFORC Note:  For a host of reasons, we wonder whether this is a serious report, or not.  We have not received any photos from the witness, to the best of our knowledge.  PD));27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
A single extremely luminescent light jolted continuously and changed shape for hours.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2009-06-23 02:20:00;Hour and a half;A single extremely luminescent light jolted continuously and changed shape for hours Now, I often stare at the stars at night and in the morning but on this particular morning around two twenty I noticed a really bright “star” next to a quite dim star and I start to watch, just enjoying the view and at first I think it’s just me leaning and throwing off my vision but I’m stable on the ground and this “star” moves. Not for a long distance but a short and quick little jolt. This intrigues me, so I keep watching. Again a quick jolt but now its changed form, almost like an arrowhead.  Now that shape shift could have just been my eyes going fuzzy for a second but as 15 minutes pass by, still staring at this arrangement of light, I am convinced this is not just a star for stars do not fade in and out for more than a second to two seconds at a time nor do they jolt in the form of triangles either. I asked my father to come out and witness this as well just to tell me if it was just me and that my eyes were just going fuzzy from the staring but even he himself was baffled at this sight we both were surveying deciding this was definitely something that was out of the ordinary. (3:54 AM) Now as I write this it is still outside and doing its thing up by that same dim light I’ve kept track of. I am just a regular woman with no astronomical background for credibility to what I am saying in this letter but I know I’ve witnessed something that needs to be documented and seriously looked into for the sheer awareness that something else is out there and potentially observing us as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
Taking pictures of the moon when I saw the object in two different pictures and witnessed the different shapes.;2015-10-08 06:00:00;30 minutes;Taking pictures of the moon when I saw the object in two different pictures and witnessed the different shapes.;27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
