UFO in broad daylight in front of a baseball game.;1976-07-01 15:00:00;5 minutes;UFO in broad daylight in front of a baseball game UFO visual sighting    4th event: 	Summer, July 1976, cabinis field Baseball Park. Divisional game between Carroll high and king high. Skylab is in orbit.  During the middle of game the PA announcer who is calling the ball game, says that Skylab will be visible to the crowd (about 2500people) as it makes its orbit around earth.  The PA announcer knows the exact time and the direction from which Skylab will appear from the horizon, I believe he told everyone to look to the southeast of cabinis field, as I looked up into the ‘clear blue sky’, directly out of the south in clear view came an object.   It was cylindrical, dark and gray, had no markings, some external equipment and crooked arm sticking out of it with red glowing bulb at the end of the crooked arm. It was clearly visible, the PA announcer and another man in the booth began to argue about the object, about it begin too low and not coming from the correct direction.   The object came directly over the ball field, not more than a few hundred to a thousand f! eet high. Its details were very visible to me.  The object cleared the horizons from southern horizon to northern horizon in less than 10 seconds.   The men in the PA booth of the ballpark continued to argue over the loud speaker about the object until finally the head PA announcer said to drop it, nothing more was said.  I remember going down the stands to the concession stand and people looking bewildered and dazed.   I got in my car and drove home in disbelief.;27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
Gentlemen I have always been someone who relies on experiential knowledge. I have always felt that the likelyhood of other intelligence;1998-06-21 22:30:00;7-8 seconds;Gentlemen I have always been someone who relies on experiential knowledge. I have always felt that the likelyhood of other intelligence was a probability. Last night it became a reality to me. The sighting is as follows: Approximately 10:30 PM last evening [Sunday] while outside here in Corpus Christi and simply looking at the stars because the sky was clear, except for a few scattered clouds, I made what I know was a UFO sighting. Moving in a direction from south to north were three objects that CLEARLY were not conventional aircraft. [ Both my brothers are airline flight instructors and I have been around pilots all my life. I have a fairly good knowledge of aircraft and their characteristics.] The size of the objects is best explained by saying if you held a TYLENOL capsule [ the oval/cylindrical variety] at arms length to your vision, that would represent the size these objects were to my field of vision. They were a pale LUMINESCENT orange/pink in color. Flying/moving in formation. One behind another in a straight line. As they moved over me, the one in the rear of this formation, broke and passed the others, as an auto would on the highway and taking the lead position. Their speed was much faster than conventional aircraft. But as the one in the rear passed the others, and took it's place in the lead their speed all of a sudden intensified as they flashed completely out of my vision. I was most impressed with the impact this had on my consciousness. While observing them I seemed to be in an almost altered state of consciousness. As though time slowed down to allow me to make their observance in remarkable detail. There is not even a slight amount of doubt in my mind that these were not of this world. I am still awed by this experience. Regards K((Name & address deleted));27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
WHITE CYLINDER OBJECT MOVING ACROSS THE SKY, ZOOMING AWAY AT A 45 DEGREE ANGLE;2001-02-04 17:00:00;1min.;WHITE CYLINDER OBJECT MOVING ACROSS THE SKY, ZOOMING AWAY AT A 45 DEGREE ANGLE WHITE CYLINDER OBJECT MOVING ACROSS THE AFTERNOON SKY. MADE NO NOISE OR LEFT ANY TRAIL. MANAGED TO VIDEO TAPED THE OBJECT FOR ABOUT 20 SEC. BEFORE IT ZOOMED AWAY AT A 45 DEGREE ANGLE AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED. FURTHER REVIEW OF THE TAPE AT A LOCAL T.V. STATION REVEILED THE INCIDENT AS BIZZARE AND UNEXPLAINABLE.;27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
Multiple event over 10 years.;2014-03-28 14:00:00;varied;Multiple event over 10 years. UFO Report  I am writing this down for the first time in my life.  I am 57 yrs old, these things I swear by all that matters are true and did happen to the best of my recollection over the course of my life in Corpus Christi, Texas. 1st contact with strangeness: 	The summer of 1967 was very hot, muggy as I recall.  One day in june or July of that year 3 men dressed in black suits, white shirt, black ties and black sunglasses appeared (actually I saw them walk up the steps)on front porch screen door.  They knocked and stood very erect and still together, they looked like candles as recall, they were not the same height, but they were very thin, tall and very white.  Their hair was white or blond and appeard plastered to their heads with wavy plastered curles on their foreheads. 	I came to the door and asked what they wanted.  One of them bent down and stuck his nose close to the screen door at eye-level with me (I was 10 yrs old) and asked me…”where are your parents?”  I told him that my folks were at work and he said….”well they should be home, tell them we came looking for them.”  This was sorta not done in a nice manner and rather scared me.  My big sister (she was 13 yrs old) and I her room, I backed away from the door and yelled out her name to come to the door.  The turned around t walk down the steps to their car, a long black Lincoln or what looked like a crown Victoria.  I turned to look to see if my sister was coming to door, when I turned around back to the screen door to look down the porch at them men walking to their car to get in it, they weren’t there, they and the car were gone.  I never saw them get in car, I never heard the car start, nor did I ever see the car drive away down the street. 2ND EVENT:  	Over the course of the next year or so, 1967 to 1968, my parents, mainly my dad, began complaining about a pain in his heel.  Eventually, he had me look at his right foot heel for some sort of splinter or spur that he thought was stuck in his heel.  My dad had me probe his heel with needle where he thought the pain was.  I did this over the course of several weeks looking for this thing my dad thought he had in his heel.  Eventually, I was able to dig out of my dad’s heel this chip or sliver of metal, it was thin and small but very visible.  It was metal or at least had glint like metal, aluminum.  A few months later, my dad removed a piece of metal from my mom’s heel and my sister’s heel.  I had one in my foot pad that I took out, too. 3RD EVENT:  	In the summer of 1970, August 3rd, Corpus Christi was devastated by hurricane Celia, it wiped out the city, martial law was imposed, the National Guard shot and killed 9 looters over the course of the next two months.  We were without power or electricity until mid-October of that year.  Soon after power was restored, one night in my outside my bedroom window, late at night, very bright red and blue lights appeared in backyard.  The lights moved up and down through a very heavily branched cedar tree.  I didn’t get up out of bed because I was way too scared to see.  Later that night, I woke up and I am not sure if I was hallucinating and seeing small little people with big fat heads and very big eyes in room looking around.  I put the covers over head and wished they would go away.  Nothing else happened then I fell asleep. 4TH EVENT:  	Summer, July 1976, cabinis field Baseball Park.  Divisional game between Carroll high and king high.  Skylab is in orbit.  During the middle of game the PA announcer who is calling the ball game, says that skylab will be visible to the crowd (about 2500people) as it makes its orbit around earth.  The PA announcer knows the exact time and the direction from which skylab will appear from the horizon, I believe he told everyone to look to the southeast of cabinis field, as I looked up to the ‘clear blue sky’, directly out of the south in clear view came an object it was cylindrical, dark and gray, had no markings, some external equipment and crooked arm sticking out of it with red glowing bulb at the end of the crooked arm.  It was clearly visible, the PA announcer and another man in the booth began to argue about the object and it begin too low and not coming from the correct direction.  The object came directly over the ball field, not more than a few hundred to a thousand feet, it! s details were very visible to me.  The men in the PA booth of the ballpark continued to argue over the loud speaker about the object finally the head PA announcer said to drop it, nothing more was said. I remember going down the stands to the concession stand and people looking bewildered and dazed.  I got in my car and drove home in disbelief. Over the following years, I had no more interesting events happen to me, things were quiet and calm, but from time to time I have events of precognition or clairvoyance were I find somewhat disturbing.  I have learned to control myself and these precognitive thoughts or clairvoyance and try to lead a good, better life.;27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
