METALIC RED PORTHOLES HOVERED OFFSHORE AT DUSK SLOWLY DRIFTED SOUTH INTO CLOUDS;1980-10-20 18:00:00;5MIN;METALIC RED PORTHOLES HOVERED OFFSHORE AT DUSK SLOWLY DRIFTED SOUTH INTO CLOUDS PARKED AT THE BEACH PAST 4X4 ONLY MARKER ,I THOUGHT I SAW THE TAIL LIGHTS REFLECTING OFF DOOR GLASS. ROLLED DOWN GLASS REFLECTION WAS STILL THERE. I JUMPED OUT AND SAID TO MY WIFEGUESS WHAT THAT IS! SHE SAID I'LL BE DAMN i SAID AS THE HAIR STOOD UP ON MY NECKTHATS A G---DAMN FLYIN SAUCER IF I EVER SAW ONE IT DISSAPEARED AS QUICKLY AS IT APPEARED.I FELT LIKE I WAS REALLY BEING OBSERVED,AS IF IN A ZOO.VERY STRANGE.;27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
Strange white flying objects flying together in perfect unison.;2002-06-02 14:30:00;10 minutes;Strange white flying objects flying together in perfect unison. My husband and I were going under the Island freeway in our fishing boat.  As he was driving the boat I looked to the right side(heading south) I saw what looked like alot of birds. (White birds in the sky)  The longer I looked at the swarm of birds flying all over some distance away.  There were 2 white disc shaped white objects futher back from these birds.  They stayed in perfect distance side by side for the longest time and they seemed to be barely moving or at a fairly slow speed.  This Sunday was an exceptionally clear day and the sky was very blue with white clouds in the back ground.  The 2 things never drifted up or down just side by side.  What was so weird about these 2 objects was that as they approached this cloud, instead of going through the cloud they took a 45 degree turn, both side by side.  Then I saw one of the Unidentified things through the middle of the cloud for a second.(This would be the side of it.  It just stayed there for a second, then slowly went behind the cloud again.(Slow motion).  It came out of the other side of the cloud and once again they were side by side, in perfect order.  At one time I thought that they could be a set of planes flying perfectly together like the blue angels, because they flew close together, same height and same distance apart from each other and when they got near the cloud they both turned and I mean turned exactly to the right at such a sharp angle at the same time.  I  had to keep looking because I couldn't believe what I had just seen.  Even when I first saw these 2 white objects, their were alot of birds flying in front of them that I thought they were also birds. Then I noticed that the front of these things were really birds.  The birds started flying up and down, and you could see their wings go up and down, but the 2 behind the 15 or so birds never went up or down just straight towards this little cloud.(Or so the cloud looked to me from where I was at).  I kept trying to show my husband what I was seeing and he also saw these objects and the birds but he was driving the boat and since we were in the intracoastal canal he had to pay close attention to his driving.  I don't think he really knows what he or I saw except they were white and moving away from us.  After they came out the other side of the cloud they just continued going away from us until they were out of sight.  There was no sound and no smoke like jets or very fast planes would leave.  I did notice that when I saw them in the middle of the cloud, kind of peaking through the cloud, he seemed to have stopped for the moment.  I think all this took approximately 10 minutes or so and then they were gone. I remember seeing these 2 white disc like things so well, for I always wear polarized sunglasses when I go fishing or wade fishing and the sun was behind me, not to the right of me, and therefore was not in my eyes.  Who knows, but I do know that if I wasn't planes then what was it, too perfect flying order, just a little strange for me, especially the way they turned, the way they seemed to just stay in that spot for a little while, then just go one about there way.  Then Gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not specify the time of day of the sighting.  We will attempt to obtain that information.  Please see other report for similar sighting over Texas on same date.  PD));27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
A white ball with gray belt going aroung the center in Corpus christi texas in east sky;2006-08-05 02:51:00;7 seconds;A white ball with gray belt going aroung the center in Corpus christi texas in east sky At about 2:51 pm i walked out side to go wait with my mom when i was just looking around when a white almost as white as the clouds ball shaped object i would say it was as big as a dime in the sky it was just below the clouds and it was hovering in the east part of the sky  and i know it was not a plane it had no wings or blinking lights  it started to get down lower and lower and as it did i noticed it had a silver or a grayish line witch loked like a belt wraped around the center of this object it . the silver relflected light off it in the sun and it only lasted about 7 seconds before it started to dispate as it started that it just speed away at about 50mph .;27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
UFO photographed in sky in Corpus Christi, Texas on May 10, 2013.;2013-05-10 16:50:00;<15 seconds;UFO photographed in sky in Corpus Christi, Texas on May 10, 2013. I photographed this object floating stationary in the sky on my way to a restaurant with my wife. It was on Friday, May 10, 2013, at approximately 4:50 p.m. when I saw the object in the sky. My wife was driving and I was in the passenger’s seat.  I first told her, “Hey, there’s a UFO in the sky!” and she said “Where?” and I said, “over there, on my side.”  She tried to look but couldn’t see because of her angle and because she was driving. I quickly had the presence of mind to take out my camera phone and snap a picture of the object although I did not have time to zoom in I was more concerned about capturing the object. The photo was taken while the car was in motion so I was concerned that I hadn’t caught it on camera but when we arrived at the restaurant drive-through lane, I checked to see if I had caught it.  At first, I could not see anything but once I zoomed in and enlarged the photo in the screen, I saw it!  I showed it to my wife who was skeptical, stating, “It’s probably a bird”.  But, upon further inspection, I also caught a seagull flying through the air (very common here in Corpus Christi, TX).    And when I compared the two it was larger than the seagull and much darker.  What caught my attention initially was that it appeared to me to be a round piece of metal floating in the sky.  It was not traveling, had no wings to flap or fly with, so I knew it was not a bird or a plane, again, it was stationary, not moving at all, not even bobbing and weaving in place just completely stationary which made me think it couldn’t be a jet either because you would definitely notice distance in t! he sky covered if a bird, plane, or jet.  This object had no noticeable lights as this was in the afternoon with slight overcast skies.  I was not going to report it initially, but then decided to, after a woman in CA caught a similar looking UFO in a photograph within a week or two of mine.  I do not have photo enhancing technology on my computer but I can zoom in and can tell it is not a seagull when I compare it with the seagull in the pic.  This had no wings, no motion, and no movement that I was able to witness.  I was able to keep an eye on it for about ten seconds before snapping the picture, this whole time it was absolutely still.  If you can enhance the photo object please let me know, I would appreciate it very much. Thank you.;27.7422623546519;-97.4168003997065
