I saw 3 FLYING SAUCER UFO's when i was 5 For over 45 minutes Hovering at about 500 feet In Daylight Just outside of Whitema;1980-06-21 13:00:00;45 minutes;I saw 3 FLYING SAUCER UFO's when i was 5 For over 45 minutes Hovering at about 500 feet In Daylight Just outside of Whitema I saw 3 FLYING SAUCER UFO's when i was 5 years old For over 45+ minutes.  On a Saturday in Late June or Early July 1980 On my way from Kansas City to St Louis in Missouri Family Trip to St. Louis Traveling East on the I-70.  Hovering at about 500 feet (very low) Following East along the North side of the highway In Daylight as clear as it gets  Just outside of Whiteman Air Force Base (Where the Nuclear Bombers are kept)  There was A LOT of military convoys on the highway that day I believe the UFO's may have been following the military convoys heading East towards St. Louis  The UFO's looked just like the Front Circle of the Star Trek Enterprise But Gunmetal Grey, Smooth, and No Lights  For most of the LONG CLEAR sighting... There was only 1 Flying Saucer by itself for 20 minutes  The single UFO was joined by 2 more Flying Saucers that almost instantly appeared But i could tell the 2 came from the west (KC) because of a visual stretched Tracer streak across the sky that could only be created by something traveling near light speed (or EXTREMELY FAST)  The 3 Saucers hovered (slowly traveling East along I-70 i guess around 60 mph) in a Triangle formation for about 20 minutes  3 black helicopters (assuming from AFB) flew in and circled the 3 UFO's for about 10 minutes  Then all 3 UFO's then shot west in an instant (not up... straight west) leaving a visual streak of the UFO's in the direction they flew (West back towards KC)  The Helicopters stuck around for a few minutes then flew back west towards the AFB  Once the helicopters were gone for a bit... The 3 UFO's shot back from the west, and once again hovered in a triangle formation for about 10 minutes  Then 2 of the UFO's shot straight north (not up, but north towards Canada) Leaving a visual tracer from their speed  The 3rd UFO stayed solo along the I-70 for 5 minutes then shot North (NOT up, but North) in the same direction of the 2 UFO's  These UFO's were clearly, EXTREMELY advanced technology 1000's of years in the future  I could go into more detail in a phone call  I witnessed all of this sitting in the back seat driver's side of a station wagon looking slightly up and back out the passenger window in what would be considered the Blind Spot of a car driver and up.  I freaked out when I first saw the Solo UFO I tried to get my family to look... I was pounding my finger on the window yelling LOOK!!! (that's all I could say)  but my abusive step dad swung his hand back and slapped me in the face (So I KNOW i was awake lol) and told me to shut the f#k up I was already in trouble for kicking the back of his seat lol  All I could do was watch by myself (with tears in my eyes for a few minutes) i couldn't tell anybody in the car what i was witnessing out of fear of getting hit again  This sighting was 100% Legit... and I am 100% legit;38.7674;-93.5621000000001
