String of lights in the night sky!;2013-05-31 22:00:00;3-5 min;String of lights in the night sky! It was like a string of lights...traveling slowly in the night sky.  As they moved eastward they moved slowly upward...and then seemed to eventually disappear.  I have never in my life seen anything like this!  I thought I was seeing things...until I noticed a dozen other cars pulled over to witness the same thing I was!  They we're round yellow/orange firey balls.  No sound.   They seem to travel in a relatively straight line - that's why I describe it like a string of lights.  And then as they traveled farther away they just eventually disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.8522;-93.7786000000001
2 Spherical Crafts, one Engulfed in Purple, the other a Blueish Green;2014-09-18 21:00:00;20 minutes;2 Spherical Crafts, one Engulfed in Purple, the other a Blueish Green Good afternoon, I have been fully engaged in the search UFO's since my first encounter when I was 11 years old.  living in Mound, MN.  That night at around 11:00pm, I saw a very large bright light escaping from the second to last star on the handle of the big dipper, it was heading due east for about 5 seconds before it shot straight up and out of sight in a blink of an eye.  My second sighting came in late March of 2000 at about 5:30pm on my way home from work driving West from Mound to Watertown.  I was looking straight ahead at a large cloud off in the distance when a silver UFO came peeking out of the clouds, it stopped about 20 feet out in the open when another one popped out and went right over it.  The two crafts literally played leap-frog in and out of the clouds for about 2 minutes then disappeared.   The reason I am emailing you is not because of those two sightings, but of my last one which was also seen by my fiancé and eldest son.  This time, there were two UFOS and we got one of them on video and the other one on camera.  This occurred on September 18th, 2014 at around 9:00pm just over our house in Waconia, MN.  The craft was hovering above our house for about 5 minutes then headed SE at an incredible speed and evenutaully out of sight.  The craft had lights but the entire thing was engulfed in a deep purple haze.  It looked like a purple ball surrounding the UFO. We captured this craft on video with my sons phone.  You can't see the color but you get to see it fly away, make a couple 90 degree turns, stop on a dime, go straight up and back down.  It made ZERO sound and was nothing I have ever seen on ANY alien show before.  I have seen hundreds of UFO Sighting shows, Hangar 1, etc....and what I saw has never been documented as far as I can remember. My son and I chased it for 15 minutes in our car but saw nothing so we headed back home.  Before I could pull into our driveay my son yelled to stop the ca! r.  We got out and sure enough the second UFO was right above ! out hous e in the same spot as the other one.  It too headed in the exact same direction.  This one was a blueish green color changing between the two. We got a picture of this craft. It also made no sound.  There was also a very large, low-flying, incredibly slow-moving(what looked to be a very, very large military plane) that my son and I both saw over the city of Waconia within 30 minutes of the original sighting. I have wanted to be a part of MUFON for the last 5 years or so.  I would love nothing more than to be an investigator. I want to help people with their stories and most importantly, I want to bring UFO's out in the open for everyone to see.  They are real, they are here and they aren't going away.  I would love to show MUFON my video and picture. I am not afraid nor do i care of what people think or say.  I honestly believe that this is what I was meant to be doing with my life.  I look forward to hearing back from you.;44.8522;-93.7786000000001
