Blue light in clear sky with unbelievable speed;1986-03-15 15:40:00;2 seconds;Blue light in clear sky with unbelievable speed Myself and a friend had just returned to my house from middle school and were standing in front of my garage when a bright light shot from across the sky.  The object was bright blue/white in color and appeared to be about the size of a fist held up in the sky.  The object flew from the western sky directly over our heads to the eastern sky without stopping and covered horizon to horizon in about 2 seconds.  The sky was clear and sunny. The object was as bright as the sun without hurting to look.  We both questioned it immediately, but never reported.  We've discussed it once or twice since, but have come to no conclusion as to the identity of the object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));31.8052;-81.3882
I saw the distorted head figure as I tried to move and reach out to my daughter.;2012-09-29 05:00:00;1 to 2 minutes;I saw the distorted head figure as I tried to move and reach out to my daughter. Around 3:50 AM, I heard a large crash towards my backyard.  Whatever it was made the neighbors dogs bark loudly.  Afterwards, I jumped up look out of the bathroom window to see if someone was trying to break in.  I have an alarm system so I wasn’t too worried.  However, since the dogs kept barking, I decided to call my son (in the next room) on his cell phone to see if he would get up and go with me to go investigate.  He didn’t answer the phone.  My flood lights were on so I figured maybe it was just a small animal that was roaming out back for food.  For precaution, I put the television on to wait for a while to see what would happen.   Shortly after 4 AM, I went ahead and turned off the television..  Shortly after, I was asleep when I heard another very loud sound on top of the roof followed by a sound like “chhhhhhhhhh” boom.  Within seconds green lights beamed through by bedroom ceiling.  There were about 3 to 4 green lights evenly spaced apart shining through each side of the ceiling.   Instantly I knew what it was and what was going on.  I was spread out on my back and something beamed through me for what seemed to be a minute or two.  As I silently prayed and asked God to make sure I wasn’t taken from my babies and to please be allowed to touch my daughter at least one more time.  I felt like my right hand was allowed to be extended, but a figure appeared and touched my hand instead. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));31.8052;-81.3882
