Two blue-white blinking lights, considerable distance apart, silently hovering over the road.;2008-08-26 22:00:00;1-2 minutes;Two blue-white blinking lights, considerable distance apart, silently hovering over the road. A friend and I went on a drive after a bad night at work, and towards the end of our drive we were on east hwy BB, about a mile away from the intersection with hwy 13.  This is a road I take very often, countless times at night and during the day.  Out of nowhere we noticed lights above and in front of our car, I am unsure as to the width or elevation, that appeared to be two sets of lights set very far apart.   At first I thought it to be some sort of tower I had somehow never noticed before, but there no other lights present.  I turned to my friend and asked her if she saw it too, and she seemed to be just as puzzled as me.  By this point, since we were alone on a country road, I began to slow my car down considerably... since I couldn't take my eyes off it.  At first we asked, is it two planes next to each other in the distance? If so, then the two planes were flying completely parallel to each other, as well as taking turns to blink. The pattern of the blinking was fantastic. There were two sets of bright blue-white lights that would alternate in a sort of pattern. The left would blink several times rapidly, then the right would do the same. There were no tail lights or anything besides these two sets. I thought perhaps, since I am a UFO believer but still skeptical of my sightings, that it was just a plane flying low. We do have an airport in Warrensburg, and we often see stealth fighters from the base nearby. Our music was playing loudly still (we were too stunned to do anything but stare) and so I turned it off completely to listen for an engine. All we could hear were crickets, not even a hum. The strangest things about the behavior of this craft, or set of lights, was that it stayed in the same position, but seemed to be gliding slowly above hwy 13. If a plane were flying that low, the distance between the lights would have changed as it flew away or towards us. It did NOT change. If it were a helicopter, we would have most certainly heard something. Stranger still, as we watched the lights blink in succession, it seemed to suddenly rotate for a split second and blinked vertically over the road. As if, if it were a plane, the plane had turned completely sideways and the wingspan became vertical. And after the quick blinking it was back to normal. It seriously happened so rapidly that I wouldn't have seen it if I had blinked at the same time. After about a minute of driving toward the UFO, we came around a bend of trees to our left. The angle of the craft was so low, but still so large, that we lost it behind the trees. I kept my eyes on it through the treeline, saw a couple of blinks, and then it disappeared. We looked for towers, planes in the distance that were blinking similarly, anything. We could not find anything after driving around the bend of trees, nothing even to use as an excuse to ease how disturbed we were.;38.7668999999995;-93.7290999999984
Very fast moving reddish yellow light traveld overhead with no sound and disappeared moving east.;2020-07-18 23:00:00;30 seconds;Very fast moving reddish yellow light traveld overhead with no sound and disappeared moving east. I was imaging comet NEOWISE at my observatory Rolling Hills Observatory (V83) and a noticed coming out the west a very fast moving reddish yellow light.  It traveled directly overhead and there was no sound at all.  I have seen a lot of A.F. aircraft around Whiteman AFB and this was nothing like I have seen.  I am a retire Naval aircrewman with 20 years experience in P3 Orion patrol aircraft.  I also have 18 years experience as an amateur astronomer and so I know it was not a fireball or meteor.;38.7668999999995;-93.7290999999984
