A large sqaure object being escorted by fighter jets.;2010-11-08 18:56:00;Several Minutes;A large sqaure object being escorted by fighter jets. I received a phone call advising me to rush outside and look to the south.  As soon as I got outside, I heard jet engines and saw an odd sight. We are ten miles from Whiteman AFB, and jets, including the B-2, often fly over at all times of day. What I saw didn’t resemble anything seen before. The first thing I noticed was three small jets with two blinking white strobes (one on each wing). In front of two of the jets and next to the other, I saw multiple solid lights, like stars, moving along with the jets. As I focused on this object, I noticed that it made a square or rectangle shape, and it was a solid object, blocking out the stars as it passed in front of them. All four craft moved from west to east, directly towards Whiteman AFB. It appeared that the jets were escorting this object, and may have been for quite some time. As all the objects got within about six miles of Whiteman AFB, the fighter jets in the back broke away and flew south, slowly, but sti! ll monitoring the object. The third jet turned off the strobes and looked as if it merged with the object. It started out to the left, but went above it, then came back down right on top of it.  After that, the third jet was never seen again. It looked like it landed on the object as if it was a flying aircraft carrier or something.  As the object continued to pass closer to Whiteman AFB, it got a little lower and began to stretch out from a square shape, to more of a rectangle shape. The object then went behind the trees and was no longer seen.  The other witnesses I was speaking to on the phone said that it continued to Whiteman AFB, where it disappeared. The other two fighter jets continued to circle the area, and more showed up. At one point, there were at least ten fighter jets in the air between Whiteman AFB, and Warrensburg. After watching the fighter jets circle a 15 mile radius around Whiteman AFB, I noticed a solid yellow light towards the east, moving north to south at a pretty high rate of speed.  The light instantly vanished and at that time I saw what I thought was a shooting star go right to where the yellow light vanished.  As I thought about it more, it seemed strange because the “shooting star” that I saw was more of a green beam of light, which didn’t resemble the typical shooting star.  I talked with the other witnesses to the event, and they saw a similar event happen with the “shooting star,” but at the north end of Whiteman, instead of the south. Later on I went outside and noticed another beam of green light go through the sky at the same angle as the previous one.;38.7668999999995;-93.7290999999984
