early morning sphere sighting, hovering just above trees appx 100 yds away, silent but craft very distinctive.;1998-10-19 04:40:00;5-7mins;early morning sphere sighting, hovering just above trees appx 100 yds away, silent but craft very distinctive. As I was going to work for 5am I was travelling south approaching a large S curve.  The sun was just rising to my left. As I took A drink of my coffee I noticed a large shape to my right, approx 100 yds away.   I pulled my car over and rolled my windows down to see if I could hear anything.  I couldn't. I turned my car off to hear better, still no noise. This craft was about the size of 2 maybe 3 city buses put together from my estimation.  I noticed that the object was in the shape of a saucer. Its top and bottom sections remained still while the center section moved. The whole thing was very dark but also very distinctive.  I could still not hear anything at this point.  The craft was just above the tree line as there was a small forested area right underneath it. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  The hair on the back of my neck actually rose. At this point I had seen enough so I started my car.  At this point my eyes remain fixed on this object.  As I start my car this object starts to move silently but very slow at first.   As we all know headlght come on automatically on new cars.  I put my car in gear and slowly started to move.  At this point the center section of the craft started to spin faster(still no noise) and as I was watching what was appening the craft was gone in the blink of an eye.  It took off so fast it was almost like it left a streak behind it.  This really flipped me put by this point..  I have never told anyone because I thought nobody would belive me ..I will swear on the BIBLE that I have seen this ans I'm a catholic... I don't care what the government says or anybody else for that matter because I know what I saw! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous.  PD));45.1106;-75.2276
