04/15/73 Glenolden Pa.  large brownish gray craft in the sky wittnessed by many;1973-04-15 18:30:00;5 min;04/15/73 Glenolden Pa.  large brownish gray craft in the sky wittnessed by many It was on or about april 15th 1973 I remember because it was right before easter I was 10 yrs old at the time. I was traveling in the family station wagon with my mother and 12 year old sister. We were headed home from shopping traveling south on south ave in the small town of Glenolden pa. as we approached the area of the Macdade Mall we could see the traffic was stopped up a head. Then we noticed that people were out of their cars looking up at the sky.As we looked up there was a giant craft of some kind, I mean this thing was huge as big as the mall and the parking lot all put together. There were a few white lights on the center of the under side and the craft made no sound at all. It just seemed to hoover there in the sky.The craft was an oval shape brownist gray in color. there many witnesses to this event. We watched it for about five minutes then continued home. After arriving we called our local radio station to report what we had saw, they were receiving many reports of the same object in the sky.That night it was all over the local news. And by the next day it seemed, it was completley forgotten about and never mentioned again, there was no explanation ever given for what we saw in the sky that night. to this day my sister and wonder what it was that we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.9022;-75.2942
The sky lit up blue - there was a black figure within the light. (Distinct shape);2009-02-04 00:00:00;Several Seconds;The sky lit up blue - there was a black figure within the light. (Distinct shape) My friend and I were sledding at approximately 12:00AM on February 5th, 2009.  It was a particularly beautiful night, snowing kind of heavily, so we went to the park.  Everything was completely normal, so we proceeded to sled with no strange thoughts or fears.  After about 15 minutes of sledding, we were both resting at the top of the hill.  Suddenly, we saw a giant flash of blue in the sky.  It was an intense blue-white light that lit up the whole sky.  I did not see anything but the light as I was looking down.  However, my friend claims to have seen a black, non-solid, ovaly-rectangular shape in the sky, omitting the light (unexplainable because she saw it so quickly.)  She says that the shape was not completely solid (picture an open black folding chair, upside down but more oval-shaped.  The sky was visible through a hole in the shape.)  The object flew over the horizon.  The event was about two or three seconds.  It scared the living hell out of us.  We quickly left, assuming the incident was some sort of terrorist attack.  When we returned home, we called the news (they said nothing else had yet been reported.)  We are terrified with no explanation of what happened.  This seems totally unnatural.  We were sober and drug-free during the period of this event.  No other notable events happened except the wind blew a bit more heavily and there was a plane that passed by (we did not see it, but we heard it.)  Also, no other noises accompanied the incident. ((NUFORC Note:  Flaw in date.  We suspect that the event may have occurred at midnight on February 04, and we have amended the date above.  PD));39.9022;-75.2942
