Mirror ball sphere rotating in Dunwoody, Georgia for 1 hr.;2005-07-09 02:00:00;1 hour;Mirror ball sphere rotating in Dunwoody, Georgia for 1 hr. On 7/9/2005, I had to let my dogs outside for a few minutes.  It was very late on a Saturday night about 2:00am. I live in Dunwoody, Georgia.  It was a dark night with a lot of clouds, and very damp.  It had been rainning alot, due to the hurricane named Dennis, off the Gulf. A bright white light got my attention, above my house.  It was about the same height as a plane would be.  It made no sound.  I looked up at the entire sky, and I noticed this object was brighter than the other stars.  There were only 3 stars in the very dark sky.  But this particular one was over my house, and it was the biggest and the brightest one. I went inside and grabbed my telescope.  I actually compared it with the other stars and it was nothing like them. When I came outside, it seemed to be jumping around in a irratic movement.  Through the telescope, I could see it better, and it looked like a sphere, that was like a mirror ball, but shaped oval.  The object seemed to be revolving counter clockwise, as a mirror ball would do, shinning in different areas, at the same time. After observing it through the scope for a few minutes, it would hide.  It seemed like everytime I really locked onto it through the scope, it would hide behind the nearby clouds. I noticed it would even go backwards.  I guess I witness my first UFO.  Within 2 to 3 minutes of hiding, it would return to the same location.  I would grab the scope and witnessed the sphere revolving as if it had little mirror squares on it.  It continued irraticly jumping around, up & down,  and especially back and forth.  I payed particular attention to it when it would go backwards.  I watched it go backwards for quite a distance, noting that our planes do not have this capability!  But it still managed to return within seconds, pretty close to the same area. I watched it appear and dissapear, in the same area, for a full hour.  The entire time, it rotated and shinned like a mirror ball, bouncing around.  Then I realized it was extremly late, and I had to go to bed.  The mirror ball looking sphere was still there went I left it about 3:00am.;33.9462;-84.3346
