Was standing outside looking at the night sky when a bright, clear ball of light with spikes all over it, each expanding.;2012-05-05 05:00:00;Unknown;I was standing outside looking at the night sky when a bright, clear ball of light with spikes all over it, each expanding and contract. It has taken me quite a while to be able to mention this to anyone.  I didn't want to believe it happened, but I have to get this out.  I'm not sure of the exact date although the moon was almost full. I work evenings and had been home a couple hours and had just finished watching tv in the living room.  My wife and 2 daughters were all in their beds asleep.  I am a creature of habit and, correct to schedule, I turned off my tv and turned around to grab my cat to take her to bed with us.  She always watches tv with me until about 5:00AM and then I scoop her up and take her to bed with my wife and I.  My cat hangs out with me like clockwork until I take her to bed with us. (she sleeps at the foot of our bed every night.)  The lights are now off in the house and there was plenty of light coming in the living room window from the bright moon.  I turned around as usual to scoop up our big Main Coon cat and she was nowhere to be found.  I thought that was a little strange because she had been there earlier but if you know cats then you know they have a mind of their own, so I didn't think much of it. As I turned to go down the hall to retire to bed with my wife, I noticed how clear and bright it was outside. Since it had been cloudy and raining earlier I decided to step outside for just a moment in my socks and boxers to take in the rain-refreshed air and look at the moon. The sidewalk had almost dried so I walked about 30 feet down the sidewalk to get to the driveway so I could have an unobstructed clear view of the night sky and nearly full moon.  I looked up and remember seeing the moon and how beautiful it looked and then something even brighter than the moon caught my left eye's per.  Vision. I turned an look up and at first I was amazed thinking to myself, what on earth is that?. It was a bright white glowing orb but it had spikes coming out of it all over.  The spikes were the same bright glowing white but they were not all the same size and they were constantly expanding and contracting growing larger and then smaller again.  They were pulsing and changing sizes getting longer and shorter all the time.  It's hard to explain. At that point I felt frozen and terrified because it appeared very close to me - maybe only 30 or 40 feet up in the air. That's when things got really terrifying.  The reason this has stuck with me is because I was quite literally frozen in fear.  I was descending closer to me - maybe about 20 feet directly over my head now. I have only two words that can explain what happened next: Primal Fear. I had always heard people being paralyzed by fear but I've been in a lot of tense situations before and am known for staying calm and collected. if you asked me before this experience what I would have done I would have told you I would run inside. But I literally couldn't move. My front door was only 30 feet away but it might as well have been 30 miles away because there was no way I could get there. I remember I was standing slightly off the sidewalk into the wet grass at this point and I wanted to run for the door. But I could not. I fell to the ground in a fetal position completely terrorized and paralyzed in fear. I heard no sound from the object at all. It was completely silent as it kept descending toward me now about 15 feet or so in the air. It's spikes continued to expand and contract and I began trying to scream my wife's name, tears running down my eyes. But I couldn't make a sound. I tried screaming for help but not a word or sound came out of my mouth. I remember trying to scream for my wife and then just HELP hoping somebody -anybody would hear me but I could couldn't make a sound. What I can tell you for sure is that the fear was as deep, primal and disturbing. The fear was REAL. The next thing I knew, I woke up about 11AM in my own bed naked.  But that is not unusual for me.  Sorry maybe that is a little more information than you wanted.  But it is relevant because when I woke up everything appeared normal. I remember thinking, Oh God, it was just a dream... It was just a dream thank God! A hell of a lucid vivid dream but a dream non-the-less. So, wife and kids already gone for the day, I stumbled back down the hall toward the kitchen to make some coffee.  I was starting to relax and then decided to walk outside and get the paper.  What happened next I will never forget. There next to the sidewalk where I had been standing in my dream we're my two wet socks, my damp boxer shorts (it had previously rained before the incident the night before.  My socks and boxers (the only two things I had been wearing) at the time were outside.  At that point my heart sank. I threw the socks and boxers away and have never mentioned it to anyone until now. Not even my wife.  After almost two years I still have not mentioned it to my wife or anyone else. I'm afraid they would send me to a mental facility or that my wife would think I am nuts, which I am NOT.  I cannot afford to lose everything.  At best, I went sleep walking around my neighborhood naked (I am not a sleep walker). At worse, it wasn't a dream. I am very confused about it - that's all I remember. One final thought. At night when I close my eyes and start re-living the incident over in my head to try and figure out more - when I concentrate really hard on it my body jerks and I have this extremely unpleasant electrical feeling surge through me until I stop thinking about it.  Think about what restless legs feel like but over your entire body - just for trying to remember it.  It is like my brain has blocked off my access to that memory and has set up some kind of electrical force field around it in my brain that is so uncomfortable physically that I try never to think of it. So there it is. You may think I'm crazy but it feels good to finally get this off my chest. By the way I own a very successful business and have a degree in business management.  I tell you that just so you know I am of at least average intelligence.  I do not drink alcohol. And I am absolutely certain I was not seeing the moon.  They were in two different places. I have never heard of anything quite like this.  If you know of others similar, please let me know.  It would mean a lot to find out I am not the only one to have experienced this sort of thing. Thanks for reading.;35.1949;-94.25
