Light in the sky, moving eratically, dimming and undimming, and staying still.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD));2008-11-17 17:30:00;1-1.5 hrs;Light in the sky, moving eratically, dimming and undimming, and staying still. I have done a lot of research on UFOs and the like in the past.  I have seen many planes in the sky, many helicopters, many military planes, many stars, planets, the moon  I have never seen this, this obviously. This light that I saw in the sky, which I first mistook for the Northern Star, was, to me, shaped like a star, just a speck of light, so bright, its like the Northern Star amplified times 10.  Even behind black clouds, I can see this light, a trait I have never before witnessed in any object in the sky. It would sit in the sky, completely stationary, for a while, about 30 minutes or so, then it would slowly move.. the most amazing thing to me is when it actually starts moving, all over the place.  It moves seemingly closer to me, or further. This may be the light glowing stronger or weaker, because the light would, after about an hour, begin to dim slowly.  It would dim, and re-light a little bit when it was out, then move more, and stop again, when the light was out, I could no longer see it. The even more amazing thing is, I think I saw the SAME OBJECT IN THE SKY TODAY, which makes me think that it might be a plane or something, using a clock, coming back every day, I do not know for how many days this has been going on.  I started at it the second day today, and it did the exact same thing as yesterday.. it was the most eerie thing I have ever seen in the sky.  The amazing thing is, it might be in the sky tomorrow at the same time... I am going to get a large group of friends to go and watch this thing at the same time tomorrow.  I will send another report tomorrow if it is there again. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Sirius??  PD));40.9082035714286;-73.1229607142857
Extremely bright flashes of light moving away and gaining altitude on a clear, bright day.;2012-09-10 18:00:00;45 seconds;Extremely bright flashes of light moving away and gaining altitude on a clear, bright day. Sitting on my patio with an unobstructed view of the north, south and western sky, I noticed an extremely bright flash of white light that appeared to be 6 to 10 miles away at an estimated altitude of 6,000 to 8,000 feet.  The pulses of (only) white light occurred about 10 to 12 seconds apart and lasted for about a second.  There was nothing visible at the site of the flash after each burst of light. The bright blue daylight sky was mostly clear with a only a few small clouds scattered out of my direct field of view.  The flashes caught my attention because they were so much brighter than the landing, strobe, and navigation lights of any other air traffic that was visible nearby at the time, or that I normally see during daylight.   I live near an airport, and the Long Island Sound and am familiar with most of the air traffic that traverses the area. I assumed that the first flash might have been caused by a momentary reflection of the sun off an aircraft that wa! s changing direction. I dismissed that assumption after I observed the second flash continuing on the same heading. I expected that this aircraft was approaching me with an ultra bright strobe, and that it would become visible as the distance closed. It was not until the fourth flash, that I realized that the flashes were moving away and gaining altitude. After about 8 flashes, I lost sight of it. There was commercial air traffic approaching the local airport at a much lower altitude, and closer than the flashes I observed, yet all of the lighting on those aircraft seemed barely visible in comparison. I'm not sure what I observed, but found it quite curious!;40.9082035714286;-73.1229607142857
