Strobing Ball of light and craft.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax??  PD));2011-07-20 21:00:00;3 hours;Strobing Ball of light and craft. My cousin and I had been in Pushmataha county on the Kiamichi river to a spot where, 2 months prior,  we had a violent encounter one night with a 15' tall hairy giant that most people call Bigfoot.  He tried to kill us by pushing a large tree over and we barely escaped with our lives.   After this encounter we began returning to the area with the intention of eventually killing this thing with assault rifles.  Once we determined where the creature was hiding out during the day we were preparing a plan of attack to sneak in and try to take this thing out.  One day while we were in the area we made contact with the creature through tree knocking.  I knocked and he responded with knocks followed by an angry howl.  For people not familiar with these creatures, they use tree knocks to locate each other or communicate with each other in the woods.  Anyway we waited around until about dark, but the giant didn't come out of the woods on this day, so we decided to leave since!  We didn't have night vision equipment.  On the way home we were on the highway between Talihina and Buffalo Valley when I saw a strobing light about a mile back in my rear view mirror.  I instantly thought cop and looked down at my speedometer to see how fast I was going.  As soon as I looked back up I remember hearing my cousin say What the hell is that.  To my shock, there was a strobing ball of light about the size of a basketball beside the car.  It was keeping pace with the car and was about 3 feet from the passenger side window.  After following beside us for about a mile, another cars headlights appeared over a hill in the opposite lane and the light instantly shot straight up in the air.  We looked up and noticed that the ball of light went to a larger craft and the craft continued to follow us.  I decided that this had to be related to the Bigfoot creature and they could be following us in an attempt to find out where we live.  We ended up staying out most of the night driving around and this UFO continued to follow us for around 3 or 4 hours.  It finally quit following us when I pulled into a driveway near Wilburton, OK., which is not where I live,and turned off my lights.  We returned to the encounter area the next week and instead of encountering one creature, there were 3, anyway this is a story for a different site, but I am convinced that entities from another world have an invasion going on and all hell is getting ready to break loose someday soon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.7347;-94.9998
Strange lights appeared to line up in the sky and then dimmed out.;2012-12-10 22:00:00;30 seconds;Strange lights appeared to line up in the sky and then dimmed out. On the night of December 10th, 2012, my brother, my stepson, and myself were in front of his house sitting around a campfire when the incident occured.  It was around 10 pm.  My brother gestured to me to look into the sky and he was suprised at what he was seeing.  I thought he was messing with me and expected him to joke with me when I looked.   When I finally did look, I noticed 6 lights in the sky.   They were lined up and 3 of them had just dimmed out.  I say &quotdimmed&quot because it didn't seem like an immediate cessation of the light.  They did dissipate quickly, but it seemed kind of slow.  I did get a good look at the last remaining 3 lights and grabbed for my phone.  They were between orange and yellow in color, more orange probably.  They were round in shape and did not appear to be moving.  There was absolutely no sound and that was strange because from where they were, if it were any kind of aircraft, I would have heard something.  I did record the second set of lights on my iphone.  It shows 3, in a bit of a diamond shape.  I record 2 at first.  One disappears almost immediately and the second a few seconds later.  Then a 3rd appears to the bottom right of the others.  It then disappears. It was very strange and I cannot explain what it was we witnessed.  It was also strange because we live in a rural area with no bonafied airports within 70-80 miles in any direction. My brother and I are officers in our organization. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));34.7347;-94.9998
