I was sitting on the deck of my wife's parents house on mother's day with a pair of binoculars. I was using the binoculars to watch a f;2017-05-14 13:30:00;30 minutes;I was sitting on the deck of my wife's parents' house on mother's day with a pair of binoculars.  I was using the binoculars to watch a family of falcons near the woodline to the south of where I was sitting.  It was a hot, clear day.  Not a cloud in the sky, visibility was for miles from the sky, I'm sure.  There were also high flying aircraft in the sky that day, and from time to time I was pointing the binoculars to get a look at the aircraft and their contrails.  I've been an aviation enthusiast for my entire life and have attended countless airshows featuring both military and civilian aircraft.  There was an aircraft flying at high altitude, leaving a contrail.  I followed it with the binoculars as it traveled from south to the north.   After following it for approximately 10 seconds or so, I noticed a strange metallic glint just to what would have been the aircraft's 8 o'clock.  I remember thinking, wow.. that plane is close to the other one.. but then realized that this object wasn't moving, and wasn't leaving contrails like all the other aircraft at that altitude were.  I pulled the binoculars away to see if I could see the object without the aid of the optics, but I couldn't - so I looked through them again, found the object again.  It was completely stationary.  Definitely metallic.  I remember seeing the sun glimmering off the surface.   It was far away, and I was using 7x50 power binoculars..  I could tell it was egg shaped with what appeared to be.. spikes jutting from the craft.  I looked away from the binoculars again to try again with my naked eye, but couldn't see it.  I went back to the binoculars and was unable to find it again.  I'm under the assumption that it must've left the area, as I was unable to find it again. I was unable to obtain a picture, much to my consternation.;33.5286505988023;-83.8579811377246
