Sunny evening...shiney cigar shaped object moving slowly rotating...then disappeared, later followed by 3 military aircraft;1995-06-20 18:00:00;6min;Sunny evening...shiney cigar shaped object moving slowly rotating...then disappeared, later followed by 3 military aircraft About three years ago, I and two of my friends, were washing our cars in my freinds driveway...it was about 18:00 (6pm) the sun was about an hour or two from setting. My freind ((Name deleted)) noticed a wierd looking object in the sky to the west. He drew my attention to the object as well as my other friend ((Name deleted)). The object i witnessed apeared to be bigger than a commercial airline, in the form of a long cigar (like a 747 with no wings or tail). The object hovered vertically, which was why i didn't think it was an airliner. It appeared to drift slowly to the north after about two minutes..as it did this a white illumination encompassed it. The Illumination dimmed after about three minutes, and when it dimmed completely the object dissapeared (in no direction without sound) Just as we had convinced ourselves it was an airplane refecting the setting sun, a formation of 3 low flying, military style, black helicopters flew by directly over head in the direction we viewed the object. These helicopter were followed shortly after by 2 military jets (f-15? f-18? not really sure) at a much higher altitude but in the same direction....Coincidense?;31.4528;-97.2029
Cigar shaped air craft chased by black copters in Waco.;1995-06-20 18:00:00;10 minutes;Cigar shaped air craft chased by black copters in Waco. This happened way back in 1995 and is pretty much the same story as a previous sighting post, for the exception of a few things.   It was early evening I was sitting on the tailgate of my truck talking to my neighbor and I happened to glance up and see a very shiny aircraft not sure how high or how far away but seemed typical for conventional air craft.  I was facing northeast as the sun was going down behind me the metallic surface reflected the sunlight like a mirror which probably alerted me that something was different about this craft.  I continued to listen to her but was more interested in what I was seeing and started asking myself is this a conventional aircraft?  And then started asking her these questions:  Do hear any engine?  Do you see any strobe lights?  Do you see any wings or rudder?   I stood up and started walking down my driveway and her Answers were no to all three as we walked together.  Then I noticed an elderly man walking slowly looking at the same object and he stopped at the end of my driveway as if to wait for us.  So all three of us were watching as it slowly turned north to Waco and I thought I would surely see a wingtip as it banked, but did not.   Then something extraordinary happened it stopped dead still and a strange bubble of cloud surrounded it ,it reminded me of when a nuke is detonated and vaporizes the atmosphere out ahead of the explosion and then a flash of light blinded us, but I quickly shook it off to look back to see a green dot with a tracer heading north where it had been.  One of us said WOW that was weird,the old man said  Ya! I'm a retired Air force etc... and I've never seen anything like that and it is physically impossible for anyone to withstand that amount of gravitational force.I'm not sure what happened after that as we all went our separate ways, but minutes later as I was turning on the television when I heard the sound of copters getting louder and louder and louder!   I ripped open the back door to see Three flat black attack copters with clusters of white missiles attached to the bottom flying so low that I could see there helmets like a little closer than at an air show but not close enough to feel rotor wash.  They were hauling tail as they headed from south to north.  I was so excited I wanted to join the chase like Roy in Close Encounters but knew it was futile.  I never witnessed the fighter jets but that confirmed it for me.;31.4528;-97.2029
