An unexplained high to low frequency sounding moving object with a quick flash of contained blue lightning.;2012-09-14 09:25:00;4 minutes;An unexplained high to low frequency sounding moving object with a quick flash of contained blue lightning. I’m going to go through every step from A to B as best I can.  I’m sitting on my front porch. It’s raining and there is thick cloud coverage, enough to where you cant see anything maybe 150 to 200 feet in the sky.   As I’m sitting there, I quickly hear what sounds to be like a tornado siren starting up.  I thought to myself “Hmm, that’s weird?  This is not the weather conditions for a tornado?”  This sound had a very wobbling electronic frequency noise.  The sound was loud and started moving toward me from the East.  I got up from sitting down and walked into the street to see if I could see a plane or something, when I walked into the street, it sounded like there was something hovering right above me.  When I looked up, directly above me, there was a quick flash of a cluster of bright blue lightning.   The lightning was squiggly and looked to be contained in a circle.  I could feel whatever this was flying above me in a weird way.  It felt big and it was moving slowly, too slow to be a plane.  And I know what a jet turbine or any type of propeller sounds like.  It sounded like a subwoofer on a massive level, it was unexplainable.  As it passed over me, the frequency of this sound started to slow down as it got farther away like when you listen to a tuned guitar.  Almost at a state of resonance.  Now this sound is to the west of me.  It sounded like it stopped and was just hovering right above the clouds.  I was panicked and scared.  It seemed to hover to the west for a moment and then the frequency of this noise started to speed up just a little bit and sounded like it was moving away to the SW.  The noise got fainter and fainter until I heard no more.  I ran everything I could possibly think of that would make this sound through my head and left only one outcome, a U.F.O.  I immediately called the Hewitt PD to see if they were testing tornado sirens.  They said no.  So now I’m stuck with this unexplainable noise stuck and replaying over and over in my head.;31.4528;-97.2029
