Mostly white with a little color spherical object moving erratically through the North Dakota sky near Hazelton.;2007-08-13 01:00:00;15 mins;Mostly white with a little color spherical object moving erratically through the North Dakota sky near Hazelton. My girlfriend and I were sitting out in the middle of my grandparents pasture to watch the meteor shower.  Neither of us cared to see anything out of the ordinary, in fact this object kind of ruined my date I had planned out.  We were 15 miles Northwest of a very small community(Hazelton ND) laying out on the bed of my truck out in the hills on a prairie trail, when my girlfriend pointed out a small object a little larger than a majority of the stars around us soaring through the night sky.  I explained that it was just a satellite no big deal, she insisted that it was going to fast, but I stuck by my satellite explanation.  10 mins. later she started talking about this object she had been keeping tabs on, for a moment I couldn't see what she was pointing at, she said the object turned, I didn't see it because I didn't realize how dramatic it's course change was, once I had spotted it, I knew it wasn't a normal sighting.  The object had moved almost directly in front of our field of view and was moving from side to side, and then it would stop hover and begin to move diagonally across the sky, and than in an obscure figure eight pattern, then stop again and hover, it was very bizarre.  We watched it for 15 mins. or so, and decide to head back to the ranch, by the time we reached the farmstead, stopped, and got back out on the bed of the truck the object was gone, we watched for over a half an hour before my girlfriend was to creeped out to stick around out there anymore.  I don't know what that object was, but it gave the feeling that it was almost watching us, the way it would stop and hover out amongst the stars, and then to disappear like that within a 5 min. drive back to the house.  It creeped us out.;46.486;-100.2684
