woman figure in red bodysiut with large head;1981-06-30 00:00:00;during sleep;woman figure in red bodysiut with large head   Sometime during 1981 I had a dream that has not left my memory.  I now believe it was not a dream but an abduction experience.  This occurred in Huntsville, Alabama at night. I have three memories: I was placed in a seat that looked like plastic similar to fast food restaurants.  It was curved and had a high back that protruded above my head.  I was not belted in the seat but I was stuck there and could not move.  My eyes were open but unable to move so I could only see in front of me.  There was a man sitting across from me in a same type of seat, and he was not moving either.  I could see more seating behind him but with the design I could not see anyone sitting. The second memory I woke up and was on a table in the middle of a room.   I was laying with my head in the south and my feet in the north.  My eyes could not look around, but I could see part of the ceiling and part of the wall on my right.  It appeared to look rounded and somewhat reminded me of commercial office partitions, grey/silver and flat.  I did not know where I was, then my head rolled to the left and I saw a woman walking up a small ramp to a door that I heard open with a swish sound, like a hatchback car when you open it.  I could see a little of the hall way and it appeared to curve slightly. The woman was wearing a red bodysuit and seemed to be physically fit.  I saw her head was different, it was larger in the back like it was deformed and her hair was blonde and extremely thin like a chemo patient that is losing most of their hair.  She was on the west side of the room and to the left of me. She had to know I was looking at her from behind because after the door opened she quickly turned and looked at me.  I saw her in the front view before she knocked me back out apparently with her mind, she did not say anything.  Her body seemed human but I have never seen a face similar to her. She had a bigger forehead and bigger eyes than a human, her nose was extremely small, almost no cartilage and reminds me of Michael Jacksons small nose.  Her mouth was small too with very thin lips. The last memory I was in a different seat facing west looking at black windows.  I saw the seat I had been in and it was emply, I still could not look around but I saw a door to the north behind the seat I was in in the first memory.  I was next to the wall and remember the rectangle rounded windows. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date during 1981 is approximate.  PD));34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
I watched the object from my front yard as it changed size, shape, direction, speed and finally disapeared.;2000-07-18 11:35:00;4 minutes;I watched the object from my front yard as it changed size, shape, direction, speed and finally disapeared. Description: On Tuesday July 18, 2000 at about 11:35 p.m. I stepped out my front door and onto my front poarch to smoke a ciggarette. It was a clear night and you could see all the stars, so I stepped off my poarch and into my front yard to look at the stars, when I turned and faced the house, (looking East N.E.), I noticed 4 stars together.  As I started to look to my left I noticed that one of the 4 stars appeared to be growing in size and changing color, but it was stationary.  The color was very similar to that of the planet Mars as observed from the ground at night.  I simply thought that what I was seeing was simply a planet or twinkling star, that is when I glanced back at the other 3 stars in the group and noticed that this object was now 2-3 times larger than the stars that it was next to and had completely change color from a white star color/appearance to an orange/yellow color.  The object began to suddenly move to my left in a straight line paralell to the horizon.  It moved at a rate of speed like that of an airplane for about 10 seconds and then stopped in the center of the star group.  It stayed stationary and both its size and color returned to that similar to the stars around it.  It remained stationary in the star group for about 30 seconds and then it changed both size and color again and began to move to my lower left (at a 45 degree angle to the horizon).  At this point it change shape from a circlular appearance to an elongated appearance, but its speed actually slowed until it pasted the star group that I was using as a reference point.  Once past the stars it increased speed and made a sudden change in direction to my upper left, (at a 45 degree angle to the horizon in an upward direction). At this point the suddenly disappeared.  There were no visible clouds in the sky.  I first suspected a planet, as I said, but ruled it out with movement.  I then suspected a satelite until the object stopped moving the first time.  After the shift to the lower left and both color and shape change I suspected a shooting star, but was completely surprised when it changed direction and moved in an uppward direction and disapeared.  I suspected that maybe it might be a test of some type from Redstone Arsenal here in town, but after realizing that it was in the opposite direction, I gave up on ideas. Can you help?  What is this or am I just crazy and seeing things. Contact: ((personal data deleted));34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
CHROME TYPE CIRCLE SEEN FROM PLANE - WAS BELOW US, CAME UP TO OUR ALTITUDE THEN WHIPPED AWAY;2005-06-19 18:10:00;10 SECONDS;CHROME TYPE CIRCLE SEEN FROM PLANE - WAS BELOW US, CAME UP TO OUR ALTITUDE THEN WHIPPED AWAY hello,  HUNSTVILLE ALAAMA AREA / APPROX 6:10PM (CENTRAL TIME) / I WAS LOCATED IN PLANE AT 6000 FT LOOKING OUT WINDOW / ROUND CHROME COLORED BALL / SIGHTING WAS BY ME FROM THE PLANE ( PASSENGER FRONT SEAT SMALL PIPER 4 PERSON PLANE ).  i sort of feel stupid to be honest. i never thought i would be investigating UFOs. i never thought i would actually see something myself either. i dont know who to contact about this but i would welcome any help you can get me. i just want to know if someone beside me saw anyhting at the same time/place..........and........if there is any explanation for what i experienced ( some kind of explanation of what it could have been based on where i saw it, whebn i saw it, what it looked like etc ).  anyway, as far as i know - you may be a hoax type organazation. i have no idea. i found you by searching the web but thought MAYBE you are ufo experts and can help me figure this out or put me in touch w someone thaty can help me get an explanation for what i saw.  i had been in atlanta for a couple of days. i was flying home with a business associate. we were in his private plane ( HIM AS PILOT - ME AS PASSENGER BESIDE HIM IN FRONT SEAT ). he is a pilot so he was at the controls on his small plane ( 4 person aircraft / piper ). he did not see this and i have not even mentioned it to him. i did not mention it to him when it happened either. i was imbarrased as to even know how to try to discuss it as he and i are not good friends but instead only associates and this was the very first time i had been around him much. it was also the first time i had been up in his plane as well. so, the last thing i wanted to do  was to start telling this guy i doint know very well about how i just saw a UFO during our first business trip together in his plane.  here is my story and will try not to change it from the exact facts only. ...............it was AUGUST 19 2005 at approx 6:10pm on my watch ( set to west tennessee time - CENTRAL TIME - NOT SURE WHAT TIME IT WOULD  BE IN HUNTSVILLE AL ). we were flying home to TN from atlanta. i was looking out the window towards the ground just watching. i havent been up in a small plane but once before so this was fun to me so i was just enjoying watching the ground. i noticed below us what seemed look like maybe a chrome ball or maybe a mylar balloon? it basically looked sort of chrome in color and round. it seemed to be about maybe 500 to 1000 ft away maybe ( i knew distance because we had recently had a plance pass under us and the pilot said he was about 1000 ft below us ). anyway, i saw this ROUND CHROME COLORED BALL below us ( between us and the ground ). it seemed to me to be approx maybe 1000 ft below us ( or so ). it began to move upward sort of toward us. i thought maybe it was a balloon. however, i remembered we were moving in a plane so we should have passed by it if it was a slow rising balloon.it didnt act like a balloon anyway. i am looing aout the window watching this ball rise towards us. it seemed like maybe it was rising slow at first ( or stopped ), then within maybe 3-6 seconds or so, it rose up to the same altitide as our plane, then moved sideways ( as if it were parallell with us and moved in the opposite direction as what we were flying ). i had to tiurn my head backward to watch it move by thru the back seat area glass ( i was in the front passenger seat ). then, as it moved by us it seemed to shoot up really fast and vanish.  basically withing about 10 seconds or so from the moment i saw it, it rose up to our level, was about maybe 100 feet away ( when at our level ), moved sideways ( like going opposited direction as us ), then swooped upwards ( allot faster than it was moving before ) and vanished.  i was a little scared and did not know what i saw. i did not say anything to the pilot about it as i just did not know what to say. ...........i did however, ask him right away 'WHERE ARE WE RIGHT NOW? and HOW HIGH UP ARE WE? .......I thought this may come in handy somehow later if i wanted to try and investigate this. I had no idea where we were ( above what state or city etc ) as I am not familiar with plane routes..............so i had no idea where we were. ......anyway, he told me we were above HUNTSVILLE ALABAMA and we were at 6000 FEET. ....I then looked at my watch at noted it was ABOUT 6:10 PM ( my watch set at timezone of my home in WEST TN )...I am not sure if that would be the same time in HUNTSVILLE ALABAMA or not. ......  I did not see this out of the corner of my eye. It was pretty clear skys and i watched it clearly. It appeared to be something like a ROUND BALL and looked sort of chrome in color. I have no idea of the size as the distance would be sort of hard to gauge in the air for me but if i had to guess id say maybe 5ft to 20ft in diameter???  CAN YOU HELP ME FIGURE THIS OUT?  WAS ANYTHING GOING ON IN  HUNTSVILLE AL AT ANOUT 6:10PM ( WEST TN TIME )?  ARE THERE ANY HISTORY OF THIS?  IS THERE SOMEBODY ELSE I CAN CONTACT?  IS THERE ANY GOOD INFO ONLINE THAT WOULD HELP ME?  IF SO WHERE ONLINE IS IT?  I am not jerking you around and i am 36 years old. I feel stupid even asking and even dumber admitting I saw this but i did.  i hate to give out my name at least right now. hope u understand for know.  i cant just stop thinking about it. i need to know more. any assistance would be appreciated.  Q: I WE WERE MOVING FORWARD IN AN AIRPLANE, THEN IT SEEMS TO ME THAT WHAT APPEARED TO BE MOVING UP FROM BELOW TOWARD US FROM THE BEGINING MUST HAVE ALSO NEEDED TO BE MOVING ALONG AT THE SAME PACE AS US. IF NOT, WOULD WE NOT HAVE PASSED BY IT??? SO  MAY BE IT WAS ACTUALLY MOVING ALONG UNDER US AND GAINING ALTITUDE............SO IT APPEARED TO BE MOVING UP IN A STRAIGHT LINE........THE MORE I THINK ABOUT IT, IT HAD TO MAYBE HAVE NEEN MOVING IN SAME DIRECTION AND SAME SPEED AS US WHEN I ORIGINALLY SAW IT AND NOTICED IT COMMING UP TOWARDS US..................CRAZY!........WAS IT SORT OF FOLLOWING US?????................SPOOKY BECAUSE I AM NOT A BIG FLYER AND THIS WAS THE ONLY THE 2ND TIME I HAD EVER BEEN IN A SMALL PLANE. IT WA THE FIRST TIME I HAD EVER BEEN ON A LONG ER FLIGHT IN A SMALL PLANE. .....................I'LL NEVER FORGET IT.  Thanks ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, provides no contact information, except for e-address.  PD));34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
Up close flying low tonight and 2 others within a month!;2005-10-04 19:00:00;5 minutes;Up close flying low tonight and 2 others within a month! It came from east and was headed towards Madison, going directly over Huntsville, Alabama. It had white lights all around the side facing me and made no noise at all.  It was very low in the sky.  Not much higher than the large tree tops it seemed. It was dark and I was outside walking my dog in the front yard, when it went from one end of the area across to the other heading towards Madison.  Which a friend of mine spotted one out that way a few days ago while driving in that area of which he also lives.  This is the 3rd one I have seen in a months time.  The other 2 which were round, I saw at different times, first in Tunica, Mississippi and then here in Huntsville, Al.  I saw both of them at more of a distance and they were much higher up and these would zig zag briefly, reappear, repeat that performance and then disappear all together in the day light.  The 2nd one was over the Arsenal area here in Huntsville which I saw from my back yard!  I believe some of these ufo's are responsible for the illnesses that are going around this area at the time, this past month!  The first was like a flu but with severe depression like nothing I have felt or seen in others before. 2 weeks later there is one like a flu or bronchitis hitting so many people.  I was shown a picture in a stone about 3 years ago that there will be a massive UFO hovering over the Arsenal area in Huntsville with a smaller round one coming out of it.  It seems there are good ones and then there are others, maybe a war between them will occur? War of the Worlds;34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
Red moving dot above Alabama on July 4th;2011-07-04 22:00:00;1hr 15min;Red moving dot above Alabama on July 4th Me and my cousin were sitting outside watching and shooting fireworks when I noticed a red dot in the sky.   It appeared to be moving at first in a straight line, but then proceeding to go backwards then it stopped completely.   After watching it for a second I showed it to my cousin and watched it do the same. After turning my head for a brief second I looked back up and it was gone.  Ten minutes later it reappeared and made the same awkward movements before disappearing.   About an hour later I took her home on the other side of town, only to see the same object again, which my aunt also observed.;34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
Pulsating ball of white light.  ((anonymous report));2019-04-04 05:55:00;3 seconds;Pulsating ball of white light. Occurred: 04/04/19 @ 05:55A.M. CST Reported: 04/27/19 Location: Huntsville, AL Shape: Ball of white light Duration: 3.0 seconds  Sighting description:  I was looking directly East at the sunrise, there is a building behind ours that blocks the horizon, so all I was seeing were the colors of the sunrise with no glare from the sun.  Out of nowhere, a ball of white light descended, and then leveled off moving East, going away from me.  From my vantage point, I would say the object was about the size of a “BB” held at arm's length to the eye, for lack of a better term it was pulsating and becoming brighter, making it look somewhat larger then back to smaller.   I cannot estimate its speed or altitude, but from where it first appeared, to where it finally went out of my sight behind the other building, I would say it came from an extremely high altitude.  I've never seen anything like it before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
I saw what looked like a ball of fire. It was moving faster than an airplane. As it got closer to the fireworks it went black. I watche;2020-07-04 20:00:00;10-15 minutes;I saw what looked like a ball of fire.  It was moving faster than an airplane. As it got closer to the fireworks it went black. I watched it  Move across the sky.   I lost sight of it as it went into a cloud.  Then about three minutes later I saw another one.  I have photos of the fireball and after it turned black I also have a photo;34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
