A oval shaped object that changed shapes and vanished in thin air.;1999-06-25 22:23:00;30 SECONDS;A oval shaped object that changed shapes and vanished in thin air. Approximately 10:23 on June 25, 1999, As I was driving around town late night I notice a big bright light in the sky, at first i took it to be an airplane but as I observed the object more, the object stood at a standstill and was not moving. The object was approximately 2 miles in the air. As I turned the curb driving in my car, I said to myself that I would try to get a closer look at this object. When I got a closer look at the object. The object begin to transform colors, it went from a white ball into an oval shaped object which was red on the outside and orange in the middle. The object then started to move, at first it begin to hoover, and then it raced off so fast that you could only catch it with the naked eye. The object then dissapeard into the sky. The object I know for sure was not an airpland or jet plane, because a jet or airplane could not hoover and one spot and take off so fast.;34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
Intensely illuminated, sphereoid object moving far too quickly at a 70-75 degree angle into the sky.;2005-07-25 03:45:00;1-2 seconds;Intensely illuminated, sphereoid object moving far too quickly at a 70-75 degree angle into the sky. The object was observed in the night sky at the foot of Brindlee Mtn. roughly above southbound Hwy 231.  At first site, the object was located above the trees about half a mile east of the road (estimated perhaps 300 ft. above ground level on the slope of the mountain).  The object appeared to be roughly round, very slightly elongated, and from my vantage point seemed to be composed of bright blue-white light.  The intensity and color of the light was inconsistant with all fireworks, street lamps, yard lights, and other such sources of illumination that I am aware of.  Within the 2-3 seconds I had a good view of the craft, I observed it to hover above the tree line for an estimated 1/10th of a second and then rapidly moved upwards and westwards, crossing the sky in front of my vehical in approximately 1 second.  From my vantage point, it is my opinion that the object moved in three dimensional space in the same way that an aircraft takes off a runway, only much more rapidly and at a much sharper angle (I estimate the angle would have been roughly 70-75 degrees and the trajectory did not change as it moved).  As the object moved, it also changed color.  The blue-white quality of the light changed to a greenish color and then to a reddish orange color as it gained altitude, and decreased slightly in size proportionally to it's altitude.  The object seemed to vanish completely at the end of it's approx. 1 second trajectory, and the final location of the object I estimate to be at a substantial altitude (at least 5,000 ft, though that is a very conservative estimate) and probably at least 1 mile west of southbound Hwy 231 (also a conservative estimate). A slightly audible sound followed about one second behind the object, and I can only describe it as a Doppler Effect-type sound, though very faint and high pitched (I would compare it to the scream of a fighter-jet engine, only much higher pitched with a very unique undertone).  It is my opinion that this object could not possibly be an airplane or other man-made craft, as it began too close to the ground and progressed at an extreme angle and speed that I have never seen or heard of in a human aircraft.  The only object I know of that could travel from close to the ground to that alititude at anything nearly approaching that speed would be a rocket of some sort, and the intensity of illumination and the speed of the object is not consistant with any amature rocket.  So far as I know, there are no housing or human habitation sites in the area that the object was hovering over.  The local area is nearly completely covered in hardwood forest.  My geological survey map of the area shows no unusual geological phenomenon.  There were no powerlines or cell phone/radio towers located in the area where the object originated.  The atmospheric conditions were humid, but clear.  There is no chance that the object was a star or planet, as it appeared closer than the horizon and was too close to the ground, and from my moving vehical, the object changed perspective in the way that a three dimensional object would be expected to.  The object could not have been a meteor because it ascended into the sky, while a meteor would have descended.  As for my background, I am a native to this area and I am an archaeologist, currently investigating an excavation site on the Flint River flood plain.  When I saw the object I was returning home from visiting friends in Huntsville.  I had not imbibed any alcohol, nicotine, narcotic, or any other mind affecting substance.  I was not affected by fatigue and I have no history of mental illness, nor any physical or psychological cause for hallucination.  I am reporting this because I can think of no other logical conclusion for what I saw than to label it a UFO.;34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
Large bright blue object moving in a box like pattern at an incredible rate of speed until it vanished my moving vertically.;2006-08-13 21:00:00;1 minute;Large bright blue object moving in a box like pattern at an incredible rate of speed until it vanished my moving vertically. Large bright blue object was seen hovering above the tree line north of my location shortly after 9PM central time. Object was moving in a box like pattern stopping at each corner for a few moments before moving to another position. Object vanished by dropping below the tree line then moving vertically at an incredible rate of speed until it was no longer visible. It was witnessed by two people. Within 10 minutes of the sighting four military craft were sight. They flew over head at a very low altitude and at a very low speed. These aircraft were interceptor/fighter type planes and were easily visible and very loud.;34.7166575342465;-86.587443287671
