It was big as a football feild with lit up windows, i could see movement inside, it was so low & slow i could see alot of detail.;1980-08-07 01:00:00;2 minutes;It was big as a football feild with lit up windows, i could see movement inside, it was so low & slow i could see alot of detail. I was driving from Tillamook Oregon to Eugene Oregon on a clear night with 6 of my friends two of them had gone to sleep, but the rest saw what i saw. We were about 30 to 40 miles from Tillamook in a mountainess area of hiway, at about 1:00 AM   when over to my right, and in front of us we saw a large rectangle shaped craft flying just above the top of the mountains, comming right at us. At first i thought it might have been a big jet liner, maybe in trouble becase it was so low, just clearing the mountan top. But after looking at it for a few moments, i realized it wasn't a jet, it was a dark craft with large windows on the front & sides, shaped rectangle like a pack of cigarrets, as big as a football feild or a little bigger. It was flying very low & slow about 250- 400 feet above the ground and it was comming right at us. The closer it came the more confused and puzzeled i became. what was it, i thought, as i watched it. I had no answers to my question just more questions. The windows were brightly lighted and i could see movement inside the craft as it flew over us. It had bright beems of light focused downward to the ground and the under side of it was'nt smooth like i thought it should be, but it looked like pipes & gurters like the underside of a steal bridge, and it had a lot of lights under it. The speed of the craft was maybe 60-80 mph & it made no noise that we could hear in the car. It passed over us and went behind & to the left of us as it just cleared the mountains on the other side of the hiway and was gone. I stopped the car and asked my friends if they saw what i saw, they said yes! with out hesitation looking at each other, we all said what the hell was that. i said i dont know but im not staying here to find out.I put the car in geare and punched it& ran over 80 mph to Eugene& home. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.4524999999999;-123.8198
