Blueish-Green light appears & then accellerates in another direction.;1998-01-08 17:00:00;10 - 12 seconds;Blueish-Green light appears & then accellerates in another direction. I was on my way into town to get Pizza.  It was about 7:00 - 7:30 Pm EST.   I was on US31, heading East, driving next to Little Traverse Bay, on Lake Michigan.  I saw a quick flash, & noticed a ball of light traveling over the bay.  I first assumed it was a meteor.  I noted however, there was no tail & it was a blueish-green color. I haven't seen any meteors like this before....  It traveled for about 10 seconds or so keeping a constant speed, faster than a normal plane, but slower than what a meteor would travel. It then made an abrupt 90 degree change in direction & accellerated out of sight.  The 3 major things that I noted were different from other objects I've seen are .. 1. The color.  (Blueish-green)  2. No tail like on a meteor. 3. The abrupt change of direction, & speed. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.357600000001;-84.9088000000011
Bright Flash on Fast Little Light Traveling over Little Traverse Bay;2020-12-10 06:55:00;8 seconds;Bright Flash on Fast Little Light Traveling over Little Traverse Bay I was walking my dog in the woods behind my apartment complex when I saw a strange phenomenon in the sky. Hiking up that trail is something that we do every day after 6 PM, after I come home from work with my boyfriend. The trail is up a hill a little ways which gives us a good view of the stars over Little Traverse Bay in Northern Michigan. My dog finished her business and we were trying to hike back down a small hill. I looked in the sky at the stars, just because they are so beautiful and visible where we live, and it’s very clear outside tonight. I noticed one of the stars appeared to be moving at a noticeably rapid speed. It looked much too far away to be a satellite, and did not have any colored lights around it besides the single golden, star-like color that it stayed. I also didn’t think of it as a satellite as it seemed so small, incredibly fast, and it looked as though it was traveling in a specific direction away from the Earth, rather than circli! ng it in orbit. It seemed to be traveling east over Lake Michigan. The weirdest part was, after I looked at it and seemed to “make eye contact” with it, I noticed a very short, bright flash. I know I am not mistaken. It struck me immediately as odd, and something inside me made me feel as though it was flashing “hello” to me. I waved back in sheer and utter confusion (and good humor) as the flying light flew out of sight. I kept getting this feeling that it flashed to me as though to acknowledge the fact that I was blatantly staring at it in utter awe. The best way to picture the flash would to pretend that you were driving behind a car in the dark, and their driving lights flashed on into brake lights for a split second. My dog was acting very strange throughout all this as well. She entangled herself around a tree while sniffing about, and no matter what I could do, she would not go back around this tree to untangle herself. She is a very stubborn Pit-bull Terrier who can! definitely be “bull-headed” (no pun intended) at times. I did! not wan t to look away from the flying object in the sky, and my dog seemed to not want me to look at it, or just pay attention to her. Even when I approached her to untangle her, she would not budge when I tried to untangle her. After I did, she stopped in front of me twice, watching me search the sky for the light. She was probably just aggravated that I wasn’t paying attention to her. She’s a very strange dog with very creepy, color/changing and opalescent eyes when I shine lights into them or record it on video. As I’m typing this, she is spastically walking around our living room whining for no reason whatsoever. I call her an “alien dog” jokingly all the time. There are some pretty outlandish theories about dogs and why they’re here on Earth, which I enjoy alluding to in humorous ways. Anyways... once we finally walked back down the hill, I kept searching the sky in vigilance for the light. I think I saw it one last time before it disappeared out of view into the far, far away! sky. It was quite an interesting little experience definitely one that I felt the need to share. I have seen strange things in the sky a couple of times before, and unfortunately I did not have my phone on me or I definitely would have tried to record it. I’m sharing it here in hopes that maybe someone else noticed it too, or even saw the flash. Maybe it was a satellite, or a far-away airplane. It just seemed too tiny and far away to be either, plus there were no colored flashing lights besides the single yellow flash that I saw. After I saw the flash, it did not flash again. At least not that I saw. Maybe extraterrestrials in a ship were just passing by, waving, “hello” to my dog and I. One last thing that I would like to mention is the fact that I saw two “stars” directly to the left of where the flashing light traveled by as I was walking inside. They were directly above me, very high in the sky. Even though they were so far away and small, I was still able to notice that the leftmost  one had a small green light it was emitting, while the other on the right looked like a normal satellite with a reddish light accompanying it. I shrugged them off as faraway satellites, and they stayed completely still while I gazed upwards. Then I went inside to tell my boyfriend what I had seen. He has seen inexplicable occurrences in the sky before as well, so it was nice to have an interested listening audience. Hopefully my “sighting” connects to another sighting in the area, and hopefully what was seen can he described similarly to what I saw. Any/all feedback on what I witnessed is extremely encouraged. Thanks for reading my report!;45.357600000001;-84.9088000000011
