We saw it  and got the hell out of there!  We then came back.......and so dit it!;1976-06-01 22:00:00;30 minutes;We saw it  and got the hell out of there!  We then came back.......and so dit it! Just out of high school four of us friends went to a undeveloped area high on a hill, just south of gresham Or. We liked this place because of the view of the valley, and the fact that we could recieve our favorite radio stations (because of the elevation) much better. On this particular night we were just talking & happy it was a weekend night & that we could stay out late etc. (back then kid's had a curfew). All of a sudden the atmosphere changed. I dont know how to explain it other than to recall how all of a sudden we were all quiet and uncomfortable....about something. After a minute or two I saw a dim white light shinning towards us (or at least visible to us) coming from a ridge about 150-200 yards away, and probably 200 feet higher in elevation than where our car (a 1968 Chrysler 300 2 door) was parked. This light slowly started moving from the east to the south on somewhat of a semi-circular path. All 4 of us were discusing, as this was happening, how there were no road's or path's in the area that this light (if it were a person w/flashlight, or motor vehicle)could of been traversing. It(the light) seemed to be demanding all of our attention, and we were all (as I learned later) experiencing a sense of fear about this thing. We were in a place which we knew extremely well, with regard to the terain, and the proximity of this moving light, and there was no explination we could contrive in our mind's, either individually or collectively, that could explain it's movement. The light continued on it's path moving from where it started (in full view of the passenger side of our car) to a point south, almost directly behind our car (about 200-300 yard's) Everyone in the car had to turn totally around and now view this thing out of the large rear window of the car. The light started to fade out and disappeared all together for about 10 seconds. When it reappeared it was much closer to our position than it had been before. It started to fade again, then went out all together (aga! in) After a few seconds it reappeared and it was much closer to the car (again) and probably only 50 yards away. It started to fade again, and I yelled at the driver to start the car and get the *$%#& out of there NOW! I just knew that when it reappeared again, it'd be right on top of us! We shot down the very steep gravel road at probably 50 m.p.h., and had to stop at the bottom to make a turn and go back to Downtown Gresham. We did go back and told a couple other people we knew about what happened, and they wanted to go back up there right away! Two of the people on the first trip had to go home, but My next door neighbor (who was there with me the first time....about 30 minutes earlier now), and myself, rode back up with Duane & Jim in Duanes 1963 corvair. On the way up to the hill we told them in detail what we saw, and instead of questioning us or expressing any doubt, they seemed to be uncharacteristically quiet & apprehensive. When we got near to the base of the gravel road, after about a 10 minute ride, there were Two police car's parked face to face in the middle of the little country road that intersected with the road that went up the hill.They were about 50 feet from where we had to turn. The strangest thing happened. both of their dome lights were on, as were the red flashing lights on top of their car's (no blue lights back then!) The policemen, one in each car, were simply staring straight ahead, & not even moving, or looking at our car which literely had to slow to about one mile per hour, and pass within 3-4 inches of their car's to avoid going off in the ditch on our side! Why didnt the police move? Why didnt they even look at us? Sitting in the corvair, passing them, we were only 4-5 feet from where they sat in their own car's! We could see their expressions! Nothing!! We turned and went back up the hill & talked for maybe a half hour about what the police could of been doing and exactly where we had seen the lights earlier that night. Everything seemed normal there, and maybe du! e to the fact that Duane & Jim hadnt been there earlier, they were starting to joke around & talk about other thing's. After another 10-15 minutes, I got what I can only describe as a terrible feeling of being watched Things were immediately different, because before I said a word Duane (the driver) said let's go, and Larry (my neighbor) who was there before, looked at me with a really bad look in his eyes. I remember saying out loud Wait It is back. After only a few seconds a large bluish white orb with an orangish colored fog around it flew from down the hill closer to where the police car's were, to directly above the corvair! I remember in detail looking at it above the car (maybe 25-50 ft.) with my head out the passenger window! We all saw it! After what seemed like only a couple seconds it was just gone! I dont know where or what direction it went, it was just out of there. We went down the hill, found that the police cars had left, and drove back into downtown Gresham. It was very strange how none of us were scared, we just seemed to accept what we saw, and decided that we had a special experience of some sort, and wouldnt mention it to the police or newspapers etc. Not even to other people we knew. The experience seemed like it affected us all on some sort of energy level. I guess I have had many thoughts, since that time that MUCH MORE than a couple seconds were spent underneath that thing, but have never persued any sort of hypnosis or regression therapy to try & find out what really occured. I just know in my mind (as do the others that were there) that much more happened that night than we are able to report. Maybe someday I will remember those missing part's! These thing's are very real! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
watched a black object float across the sky level while appearing to rotate on 3 axis, seperate into 2 objects, reconnect and then slow;1999-09-14 19:07:00;25 minutes;watched a black object float across the sky level while appearing to rotate on 3 axis, seperate into 2 objects, reconnect and then slowly ascend straight up over the course of 25 minutes. At 19:07 hrs this evening, Tuesday, the 14th of September 1999 I witnessed what appeared to be a black spot moving slowly across the sky from north/northwest to south/southeast in a straight/level line. My daughter and I were watching this and originally thought it was a large bird. When it stopped and hovered in the same spot for several minutes I ran and got my glasses for a better look. What I saw appeared to be a black non reflective object shaped like 4 cubes connected to form a tri-pod rotating on an x/y and z axis. At approximately 19:15 hrs it seperated into two (2) smaller black objects of apparently equal size and or mass. Neither of the smaller objects appeared to have a definitive shape and moved fairly fluidly in what I can only describe as elliptical orbits around eachother and appearing to come into contact with eachother every few orbits. At approximately 19:20 hrs the objects rejoined in the original shape and started to ascend straight up very slowly. The sighting continued until 19:32 hrs when it passed out of my visibilty range. At approximately 19:21 hrs I tried to phone you via information in Seattle, and they repeatedly told me they had no listing for either the National UFO Reporting Center or anything under UFO at all. The operator was intrigued that I was witnessing it at the time and I tried to describe what was going on while she was looking for your number. Subsequently I am submitting this to you in this format. My daughter and I were watching aircraft and I was explaining the contrails from them to her when we sighted this.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Multi-colored orb sighting report, low, slow-moving;2003-04-13 16:16:00;8 - 10 min;Multi-colored orb sighting report, low, slow-moving This orb sighting gave me the creeps.  I saw it on Sunday 4-13-2003, as I exited a building materials store in Gresham/ Wood Village, OR. It first appeared as a black speck above the near horizon, and stuck around eight minutes or so. It had no glow, at first appearing black or blue black. Then it started rotating emitting a clear gaseous substance around it, visible during the sighting and in photos. It then changed its rotation, now producing a yellow-green substance from the three near bulbs two red and one green in the photos sent to NUFORC.  The sky condition was mottled with light and heavy dark rainclouds not too distant behind the orb, to the south.  The pictures are not enhanced except they are cropped to eliminate excess sky, reducing the photo file size.  As it flew (slowly) out of sight heading north over the store it glowed phosphorescent green-yellow-red, changing its shape to a flat slightly inclined (pitched) disk.  Total distance the orb traveled in the eight minute sighting was about 1/2 to 3/4 mile.  I would say the height above ground was about 1300 feet or 1/4 mile, and this height did not change much, if any.  The orb flew by overhead at what seemed maybe 2 mph, but was probably 6 mph after doing the math, when it wasn't hovering and rotating around end-for-end like a puppy chasing its tail. There appear to be two larger spheres (connected) from studying the pictures. Not only did it rotate end-for-end, it rotated on its own axis between the two larger spheres.  It also morphed shape and color almost continuously.  The pictures I got while the orb parked directly overhead, for a short duration, were poor due to my using the camera's digital zoom, and possibly the wrong mode setting.  The camera was new and unfamiliar to me at the time.  All photos and description as the orb was on approach, it appearing as a black speck, to its eventual departure are copied to NUFORC as they were imaged at time of the sighting.  I wish that I had used the camera's movie mode, but did not think of it at the time due to the camera being new to me.  The camera is an Olympus C730 UltraZoom with 10x optical and 3x digital zoom.  Picture quality suffers with digital zoom, aside from hand-steadying problems too.  I wish it had a lens stabilizer.  There were light aircraft flying in the area probably doing touch and go landings at the airport, but they did not try to chase or encounter the object. ((NUFORC Note:  We have received the photos, and they indicate a tiny white speck against a blue sky with broken clouds.  The photos are ambiguous, we believe.  The object probably was more visible to the eye, than it is in the copied digital photos.  We do not know what the object was.  PD));45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
We saw an object above the hot tub.;2015-06-05 05:15:00;15 minutes;I was on my phone and then my friend came inside and then told us to hurry up and come outside, when we came outside we saw an object above the hot tub, and it looked like a drone but it made no noise, my cousin acted like he had a gun and pointed at it, and then started to hover over us for about what seemed like 5 minutes at least and then it changed to the color red like my friends shirt, and then went further and further up, before it fully  disappeared it was half black and half red;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
((HOAX??))((Deleted profanity))  I have photo and short video!;2015-06-05 05:19:00;10 minutes;((Deleted profanity))  I have photo and short video! Walked out front door saw there was what I thought a Hugh  ((sic.  Huge)) bird til I looked it was black v shapes object so I ran inside to get 2 people to look so I knew I wasnt crazy it start go up in attitude then it started changing like a worm unfolding then into a infinity sign is what I thought and then one of the person's with me was acting like he was shooting at it with his hand I slapped it told him no and then it started coming and hooking over us and turning red like my shirt I am wearing then it changed into what looked like what a transformer all crumpled up in a pile and disappears what's weird usually the air planes go over us all day long but before this object disappears I noticed there was a planes flying by but instead of over us went in L shape and around ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested a copy of the alleged photo and video, but they have not arrived, as of 06/07/2015.  PD));45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
My friend came in here and told us to hurry up and come outside and when we went outside I saw a thing at first.;2015-06-05 05:20:00;15 minutes;I was playing games and my friend came in here and told us to hurry up and come outside and when we went outside I saw a thing at first I thought it was a drone but it made no noise and then I acted like I had a gun shot at it than it went above us and it stayed there seem to be like 2-3 minutes and I took a video of it and than it changed colors it was full black at first than it changed to red like my friend shirt than it got smaller and smaller than it was half black and red than it  disappeared than there was like a airplane going around it. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report describes himself as a high school student.  He has stated that he will send a link to his video, which is posted to YouTube.  PD));45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
