Bright RED light spotted in Southern sky traveling East;2002-03-30 23:00:00;10 Minutes;Bright RED light spotted in Southern sky traveling East While outside smoking my cigarette I noticed an extremely bright RED light in the Southern sky. It was a bright steady glow..not moving, not blinking. I watched it for a minute or so wondering what it was. I figured it strange enough to get two witnesses from inside the house to come out and check it out with me. They both spotted it and we watched as it slowly began to drift East in the sky. It was approx. 3 times larger than Jupiter. One witness grabbed the telescope and tried to get it into view to no avail. While we were watching it we noticed it slowly looked as if it were fading into a pinpoint, then it would come back big and bright again. Finally after a few more minutes it just disappeared by fading into a pinpoint and then it was just gone. It seemed like it had traveled away from us the way it faded away. A few months earlier, one of the witnesses had spotted the exact same bright red light in the Western sky.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
OR UFO Review Case:  Investigative findings and conclusions to the triangle lights sighting case in Gresham Oregon, August 9th, 2003.;2003-08-09 22:30:00;7 minutes;Investigative findings and conclusions to the triangle lights sighting case in Gresham Oregon, August 9th, 2003. Report by Oregon UFO Research Assistant Director Eric Byler of Salem, Oregon.  On 9/11/03 Byler received requested mail at home from his contact at the Abatement Department at the Port of PDX. There was a note attached to a computer printout of air activity over the Portland, Troutdale, Hillsburo area. At the top was the Port of Portland insignia and the following typed information to the right of the Printout...  August 29, 2003  Between 22:30-22:40 PM.  All aircraft operations over the Gresham area between 10:30 and 10:40 PM.  *The circles are five miles apart.  ..and a note that said, Eric. Possibly the person saw the Boing 767-300 (B763) coming in from the West.  It was headed strait for him for several minutes. I'm also thinking that with all the pilots in the area at that time, anything unusual would have been reported.  After examining the map Byler concurred with this opinion as the print out clearly showed the flight path and location of the plane in question during its journey towards landing at PDX. The Intersection of NW Angeline AV. and NW 5th St. in Gresham are also clearly marked on the map as mentioned in the original witness report.  There are four commercial flights represented on the map, three arrivals and two departures. At exactly 10:28 PM Boing 767-300 (B763) was arriving and was due west of the witness, 14 miles out and at 6998 feet. The flight traveled for about fifteen miles at 221 miles per hour on a nearly strait on flight path toward the witnesses location at Angeline and 5th, bright landing lights on, and then circled that location at about one mile out.  It then began its strait decent to the North West toward landing at PDX.  Also in the air at 10:28 PM...  1) An arrival due South of the witness, 10 miles out and at 4961 feet.  2) An arrival due North of the witness, 5 miles out and at 1486 feet.  3) A departure northeast of the witness, 17 miles out and climbing at 5666 feet.  4) An arrival that had just landed from the southeast.  It has been confirmed that none of the other pilots in the area reported an unidentified during the duration of the witnesses sighting.  It has been confirmed that the tower did not see an unidentified craft in the airspace of the witnesses sighting.  No one coming or going from the Portland International Airport reported seeing an unidentified craft in the area of the Airport as described it should have been at the end of the witness report.  The witness himself does not report seeing the 767 in his airspace when the printout clearly shows he should have.  The logical explanation is that he did in fact see the 767 in his airspace.  The fact that it was dark at 10:30 PM and that he was only seeing a series of lights lead us to the conclusion that he simply connected the dots with strait lines to give the illusion he was seeing a triangle shaped craft.  This is very common with night light sightings. The fact that the entire sighting took place from a moving car also seems to account for his not hearing the commercial flight and would also seem to account for the other moments in the report when the lights appeared to pivot smoothly and turn in an odd manor.  Oregon UFO Research Director Skip Schultz writes...In regards to the Gresham sighting, I have reviewed the data Eric received from The Port of PDX and the witness report. I agree with Erics analysis of the sighting. There were a number of identified airplanes in the approach pattern at the time of the sighting. One aircraft was in the reported location and at the exact time the witness reported seeing the triangular lights in the sky.  Next, if there was an unknown object in the same flight pattern as the airplanes we have verified were there at the time, they would have reported this to the PDX tower. Also, if the witness was able to see the lights, the tower would have also seen these lights. The tower would have immediately called the unknown asking for identification since there would have been no transponder signal. With no response from the unknown, it would have been turned over to our contact at the abatement department for verification. At this point the Air National Guard would have been alerted to scramble and identify the unknown. This did not happen.  The flight data Eric presents clearly shows that at the time of the sighting there was an aircraft in that pattern, in the exact location and landing at PDX. The lights disappearing at the point reported by the witness disappeared at the exact time that the known airplane landed at PDX. Media did not report that a UFO landed at PDX so we can conclude with certain confidence this sighting was the known airplane verified in the area at the time.  There was some disagreement with Oregon MUFON as to whether the pilots would report this to the tower if they had seen an unidentified in the first place.  OUFOR is convinced that there is no conspiracy at the airport right now due to the heightened awareness and concern of terrorist threats and that if an unknown were to have been spotted our contact would have shared that information with us.  We conclude that the witness misidentified the lights of a 767 on its final 7 minute approach to PDX as a triangle craft based solely on light patterns, a very common occurrence.  Special thanks to Peter Davenport for sharing witness information with us and for MUFON State Director Tom Bowden for his follow up investigation in the Gresham area that included several witness interviews.   We also would like to thank Jerry Gerspatch of the Port of PDX (Portland International Airport) for his continued cooperation and information sharing in this and past UFO investigations we have conducted.  Eric Byler - Assistant Director, Oregon UFO Research. http://www.oregonuforeview.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Eric Byler, of Oregon UFO Review, for investigating, and sharing, this report.  PD;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Woman witnesses peculiar red light in the southeastern sky.;2005-06-11 23:30:00;7 min.;Woman witnesses peculiar red light in the southeastern sky. Telephoned Report:  A woman telephoned from Gresham, OR, to report that she, and other adult witnesses, had observed a peculiar red light in the southeastern sky.  We are still awaiting a more detailed, written report from the witness. ((NUFORC Note:  No written report received two weeks later.  Telephone of witness is disconnected.  PD));45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Strange light  attracting smaller lights of eradict movements during lighting and thunder storm sky empty of  commercial aircraft;2007-07-12 22:00:00;over hour;Strange light  attracting smaller lights of eradict movements during lighting and thunder storm sky empty of  commercial aircraft Around 22:00 here in Gresham, Oregon we experienced a lighting and thunder storm, it began approximately around 21:00. This storm was announced in the morning news to be headed into the coastal regions from the pacific ocean and perhaps would reach Portland in the evening. Me and my boyfriend had just finished watching a movie and we decided to go outside and watch the lighting for a moment. Thunder was also heard after the lighting. As we watched the lighting our attention became focused to the southeastern sky where we could view the brightest lighting strikes. To right of these strikes was what we believed to be a bright star, however while viewing this lighting we noticed that this bright star began to bob up and down,move quickly to the right of the lighting away from the eastern sky and towards the southern. We live in close proximity of the flight path of commercial airliners heading for landing at the pdx airport. Suddenly many planes headed for landing,these planes were only about 5 to 8 minutes apart. Thinking this was due to the storm we continued to watch the sky for more incoming planes. We however not only viewed more planes, but more smaller lights we had previously supposed as fixed stars dart around the night sky. We kept our attention focused on the first bright object. My boyfriend said that he could see the smaller objects heading in collision with the bright object, i could not see this because my eyes are not as sharp, however upon looking through some binoculars i viewed smaller objects flying eradically around the larger one and then quickly disappearing as if going inside the large one. The large Object remained the same size while this continued. Alarmed, but curious we continued to observe this unsual sight, the lighting and quickly descending commercial aircraft. After about half an hour the sky became clear of aircraft. The lighting continued to flash all around, but its main focus point was still in the southeast and close to the object, it was very bright l! ighting seeming to be concentrated in this area. There were no sounds of thunder with this lighting in the southeast and it seemed to hit the same spot over and over, i realized this because it was in between two trees of our neighborhood each time. This seemed very strange to me because i've never seen lighting crash over and over again in almost exactly the same spot. The behavior of the smaller objects continued on their path towards the brighter one. The brighter object remained stationary in the south. Clear of aircraft we witnessed a military fighter jet appear from the east where the commercial aircraft came from. I am not sure the exact model of the jet but i know the difference between planes and jets. this jet turned towards the south and flew under the bright object. The ufo did not move what so ever and we got the impression that it was much to high for the jet to even come close to reaching. The jet flew under the ufo and then turned northwestern towards the airport or north of it. We viewed another jet plane a couple minutes after this come from the northwestern sky and do a similar flight pattern under the ufo in the south, i dont believe this was the same jet turning around but i can't be sure. Clouds began to block our view of the ufo for several minutes, but between the breaks of cloud cover we viewed it continuing to do the same behavior of assimulating these smaller objects. I don't know the number of these smaller ufos but the night sky seemed to be teeming with them. Neither me nor my boyfriend have ever witnessed a sight so marveling and transfixing. He used to work at the pdx airport and said he never seen anything even remotely close to the way this object behaved. The sky after about an hour was still void of commercial aircraft. The clouds blocked our view for some time and the lighting died away. After about another 30 minutes the sky began to clear in the south and the object was gone. Still the sky was quiet of aircraft. After about 10 to 15 minutes we finally viewed a plane in the ! sky comi ng from the south turning east and then west towards pdx, and then another from the east. They were in no hurry like the previous ones, and soon the flight path resumed to normal with planes. Id just like our report to be known and documented to see if anyone else in Oregon witnessed this in the sky while watching this thunder and lighting storm. We've never seen anything like this ever before in our skies. ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet?  PD));45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Bright, high altitude white light makes a parabolic arc over Portland and Gresham Oregon;2011-11-03 19:10:00;5 minutes;Bright, high altitude white light makes a parabolic arc over Portland and Gresham Oregon At approximately 19:10 Pacific time, a high altitude light was seen passing over the Pacific Northwest over Portland and Gresham, Oregon. It was initially moving in a ENE direction and slowly made a parabolic arc toward the ESE direction.  It was moving too fast to be an airplane if one had been flying at that altitude.  It was also too slow to be a satellite. The color of the light was bright white and did not change in intensity as the viewing angle changed.  There appeared to be a dark halo around the light with a small ring of light on the outer edge of this halo.  This might probably be an optical effect associated with the human eye though. The object faded from view approximately five minutes after the object was spotted. There is an airport flight path near this witnesses home.  This witness is familiar with this path and the object was not on any known flight path.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Blinking blue and red star disappears.;2014-03-12 00:30:00;10 minutes;Blinking blue and red star disapears . Was smoking outside at around 12:30 clear skys for the northwest.  Gazing up at stars but one particular star to the southwest just above the horizon was twinkling blue and red.  My neighbor walked out and I asked him do you see the same flashing im seeing.   He said yes.  I watched it for 10 min and did not apear to move what so ever.   Thinking it was just a star I went back in for an hour.  Came out to smoke again and all stars in the sky I remembered are still there except the blinking one has totally disappeared.   I dont believe in aliens or spacecraft until I see one but I have seen other weird lights looking out that same direction.  This is the third .;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Fixed bright multicolored light in the NW sky after sunset, looked like a very bright star but seemed too brilliant for the usual star.;2015-09-27 20:00:00;2 hours;Fixed bright multicolored light in the NW sky after sunset, looked like a very bright star but seemed too brilliant for the usual star. On 9/27/2015, at about twilight, my neighbor, who was watching the eclipse, said that we had a UFO and pointed to a bright light fixed in the northwestern sky.  The light was very brilliant (for a star) and emitted blue and red colors, very much like a “Diamond in the sky.”   He said that it’s not on any star charts.   I got out my telescope to see it.  I located it about 20-30 degrees above the horizon in the northwest and watched it for about an hour.  It seemed to set (move) just as any planet or star would as I had to keep adjusting my telescope.  It was very brilliant and looked like a colorful fire but I could not discern a shape, just twinkling blue and red colors predominantly.  I looked again on 9/28 but did not see it, possibly due to a thin cloud layer.  I saw it again tonight, but due to scattered clouds, I did not stay out to observe it longer.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Two strange illuminated semi circle of Vapor expand and the bright star-like light appears and one half semi circle disappear and the o;2016-02-10 05:15:00;4 minutes;Two strange illuminated semi circle of Vapor expand and the bright star-like light appears and one half semi circle disappear and the o I have only seen one other thing in my life that would qualify as a UFO and that was over Death Valley years ago.   In the daytime and a very physical looking object it was. The below described phenomena was quite different. I am a professional photographer (sorry did not have a camera on me - I was outside smoking my first cigarette of the new day) and was raised as an Air Force brat and have always watched movements in the sky just out of curiosity.  I guess it comes from always wanting to know what kind of plane was flying over head.  Hey, I was a cold war baby. OK so now to what I saw this morning. Looking up into still very dark morning sky, many stars still quite bright and visible, and just at the head of a vaporous string of light clouds moving to east, I noticed two perfect illuminated semi circles creating a broken full circle of light moving together as if facing each other.  They were traveling South West directly overhead, over Gresham, at a very consistent rate of speed. That broken but perfectly shaped semi-circle expanded slowly until it reached a consistent point, that if it was, let’s say at 70,000 ft, would be three or four hundred yards across.  Off to side there was a flash of bright but contained light.  Almost as if a large star just appeared and then disappeared. The broken semi circle of illuminated light kept moving in it’s original direction.  The bright flash of light happened again but this time in front of the moving broken semi circle.  The light again seemed to disappear.  But then reappeared almost immediately at the head of the the forward part of the semi circle.  At this point in the dark morning sky there were no illuminated vaporous clouds that were visible in the slightly to the north sky when I first noticed this phenomena. The trailing part of the semi circle band of vaporous light just disappeared and the forward semi circle now reshaped itself into a strange funnel shape as if illuminating directly out of the bright star like light, but off to it’s side - in a different orientation then it’s preceding travel shape. Both the bright star-like light and the funnel vaporous light traveled together in the same South West direction and then both instantly disappeared for no apparent reason. I would like to back up and rephrase that when the leading semi circle changed it’s shape and orientation, it’s shape defied what one would think of as either a light illuminating out into the atmosphere or a plane’s light or illuminated rocket exhaust. Imagine a star moving that had a headlight shining off to side at an angle but the light pattern was semi thick for several hundred feet as it moved away from bright light and then mushroomed out in a strange pattern and at the end point of it’s beam and made a perfect concave semi-circle.  Almost as if it was a strange, physics defying light that was illuminating an invisible perfect circle, while moving.  Again, the concave pattern at the end of this vaporous light range stopping as if it was illuminating an invisible large circle off to the back and side of this bright star-like light. I have never seen anything like it in all my years.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Bright light in SW sky from Gresham, Oregon.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));2016-12-30 18:42:00;1 hour;Bright light in SW sky from Gresham, Oregon. Bright white light has been spotted about the same place in the sky SW, this is the second time we have seen it in the nights sky.  Took pictures this time and went out at 18:22 and light was gone.  The sky is clear and can see other stars in the sky, at first looks like a plane coming strait at us but have watched it for about 5 min. and it does not move.  It sits pretty low in the sky but I don't think it's in the Earth's atmosphere.  Am going to watch it until it goes away next time to see how it leaves. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
It was happened at 12:03, I opened the sun shade of south window of my room, noticed it was very strange soft lights blinking it rotati;2018-08-04 00:03:00;35 minutes;It was happened at 12:03, I opened the sun shade of south window of my room, noticed it was very strange soft lights blinking it rotation, I taken the iPad video and full zoom it closely....stay there in south sky over south of Gresham, watched for 35 mins at same it point, no moving.......that was strange.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Super bright light in the Eastern morning sky.;2018-11-16 05:45:00;10 minutes;Super bright light in the Eastern morning sky. Walking between 5:30AM to 6:00AM on 11/16/2018.  I saw a very large bright light in the Eastern sky.  It did not move.  I first thought it might be an airplane with their landing lights on, but it did not move, and was far away.   The airplanes from the PDX airport are now flying East this time of year because of the airstream.  I saw 3 airplanes flying toward the east sky at this time.  This light was very large.  I stopped to stare at it several times to determine what it might be and if it was moving.  After 10 minutes into my walk it disappeared.  No sound was heard.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
String of 10 or more satellites traveling in a row.  ((Starlink satellites??));2020-02-19 05:45:00;3 minutes;String of 10 or more satellites traveling in a row. I had stepped out onto my driveway for my first cigarette of the day.  It was still dark in the sky but clear, no clouds. And as I often do when it is clear in the sky I looked up to the stars.  Immediately I saw what appeared to be a satellite traveling relatively quickly from a West-SouthWest to East NorthEast course but immediately behind him (a mile?) was another one and then I noticed that there was a whole string of them.  They were mostly evenly spaced apart but not all of them.  A few were 3/4, give or take the distance from each other.   One of them seemed to play slight catch up with the others - But I couldn't be sure.   I am also not sure that the first one I saw was indeed the first one in the column.  I suppose its possible that I didn't look up until the string of these satellite looking semi-bright objects were already half way past.  I just don't know.  These could be satellites but I have never ever seen perhaps a dozen all strung together in a row.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
Two orbs above gresham move soth to north.;2020-04-17 20:00:00;5 minutes;Two orbs above gresham move soth to north. Was driving west on burnside and eastman pkwy in my convertible. I looks up like i often do and saw two orbs next to each othee, no shape no sound going from south to north. The orbs would alternate brightness about a second apart. At first i thought drone but it was to high to bright and moved to far for any drone, not sure if it was higher or lower then an airplane going to land at pdx which i also saw at the same time. it flew several blocks before it disapered behind trees. The further it moved away the more it looked like it had two small lights in between the two larger lights now looking to flare up left to right. Have seen helicopters and jets at night both loud and obvious with distinct shapes. What i saw was just to orbs, a UfO. i have no idea what it was. Ican only speculate.;45.492615730337;-122.415958426966
