On this particular day I was working in the garden at a cabin on Sterling Arm, Sproat Lake,Port Alberni, B.C.. I was busy digging a hol;1992-04-06 11:30:00;1 minute;On this particular day I was working in the garden at a cabin on Sterling Arm, Sproat Lake,Port Alberni, B.C.. I was busy digging a hole for a post.The day was overcast, no rain, about 65 degrees F, no wind. It was serene and quiet. The cabin is on the shore of the lake between two stands of hemlock and cedar. The area between these trees affords a fairly wide look at the sky.  While working away I heard a sputtering sound above me similar to the sound you hear when dropping water on a hot griddle. I looked up and noticed a silver/gold sphere approximately 300ft. altitude passing overhead. It's speed was about 10mph, maybe a little faster. Diameter of the sphere was approx. 40ft. It had a sort of vaporish mist surrounding it that exuded no trail. I watched it pass over the trees and it disappeared from view. It appeared to be descending so I waited, listening, expecting to hear a crash of some kind. I did not hear a crash so I assumed it continued on. Because of the topography of the region I thought that by the time I found my car keys and chased out to have another look at it, it would be gone so I did not pursue the idea.       The sphere had no wires, ropes,etc. hanging from it. It was perfectly round. As it moved, basically in a straight line, it seemed to wobble a little at times. The hissing sputtering sound was constant.   I was not under the influence of drugs, alcohol or medication. I'd had a full night's sleep. I have no history of mental illness.  I kept this sighting to myself for years. One day I was talking to another resident that lives in the area and he said he'd seen the same thing several years earlier only over the river where it goes out of the lake. He didn't report his either.   Since then I've told re-searchers about it and always get the response that my sanity is in question. Well, I know what I saw (and heard)......I never heard of a weather balloon that fizzles while aloft, however I'm sure the experts will be glad to add their fact-based speculation.;49.2403;-124.8026
UFO Port Alberni valley early august;2005-08-15 17:25:00;20 minutes;UFO Port Alberni valley early august While my fiancee and i were camping on Kennedy lake west of Port Alberni  we were sitting around our fire pit about to have dinner when i observed what i thought to be sunlight reflecting off an object on the hillside on the otherside of the lake towards the mountain pass.  we initially thought that it was the sun reflecting off of something either metalic or glass.   because of its position close to the top of the hillcrest where there were no apparent roads i thought that maybe there was an old plane crash wreckage reflecting the light from the sun.  We pondered reporting it to the authorities in the area but did not.  the object seemed to wobble slightly over the time that we obsered it but was hard to be sure because of the distance.  we continued to watch it until the fog crept across the mountain top and we lost visibility.   upon our return home the following week from our holidays we saw a news clip of the UFO sighting that was witnessed in Port Alberni and to our astonishment there was the object we had seen exactly.   I later checked satellite imagery for logging roads on that hillside and could find none.  at no time did we even entertain the idea of a UFO when we saw it but now we are sure of what we saw.  next year i will check at the same time to see if it was a reflection or not if it is a reflection it will be there same as this year when the sun is on the hillside at 5:20 in the afternoon in the middle of august!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  Video tape of an anomalous object was taken in the vicinity of Pt. Alberni during the late summer, and we have viewed it.  However, the object is distant and blurry in the video, and we cannot certify that the object is a genuine UFO.  PD));49.2403;-124.8026
