2 Bright lights, Noises of white noise and screeching on phones. Vehicle problems.;2012-10-06 23:30:00;30 minutes;2 Bright lights, Noises of white noise and screeching on phones. Vehicle problems. Was driving on provincial route 391 heading south to Thompson. 35 Kms North of Thompson, I noticed 2 bright lights over the tree line to the left.  Vehicle lights, interior and head lights started flickering.  Made phone calls to let Husband know what was going on with the vehicle. Kept driving, then called Mother to let her know that I was close to home.  While on the phone, noises started, Like white noise and screeching and sounded like someone was trying to say something. (Sounds like from the movie &quotThe Fourth Kind&quot).   Then tried making a 3 way call to my husband, hoping he would hear it(Thank goodness he did!).  As the noise continued, both ends of the phone lines weren't able to hang up.  Both heard the noises that were on the phone. When it all stopped, the heat in the vehicle turned cold. Kept driving. Pulled into the driveway, rolled down the window to let my husband know that there was only cold air coming out of the vents. (controls were turn! ed on all the way to heat setting). I then turned off the vehicle, took the keys out, stepped out, only to hear the motor still running, sounds of fluid pouring out.  Opened the hood to find out everything was OK. No spills on ground or inside the hood.  Motor stopped.;55.7425;-97.8622
Ufo appeared again secound night, and travelled east.  This time we have video.;2015-08-10 22:00:00;20 seconds;Ufo appeared again secound night, and travelled east.  This time we have video. Once again, we waited for the light to appear and it did same as the night before, a flash of light, and the light moved east this time for twenty secounds and disappeared.  Only difference this time we got it on video, that's right about twenty secounds of video as well as I could see it through the binoculars it was to bright to see any craft or object just the light, again it disappeared as fast as appeared it did not move as fast as the day before and was lower in our attmaspher than the other object the day before it was also brighter possibly because it was lower, I think it was the same kind of craft from the day before, about twenty minutes later we seen flashing lights red and white it was a very fast jet with no sound and no vapor trail traveling in the same line as the ufo might have been a stealth jet I tried to see it up close with the binoculers but all I could see was the blinking lights , this is international air space and I have seen a lot of commercial jets.  This was not one , nor was the ufo, someone was trying to catch it.;55.7425;-97.8622
Bright flash, lit object travelling straight at a high speed, sharp turn, then flash of light and gone!;2015-08-10 22:10:00;1 minutes;Bright flash, lit object travelling straight at a high speed, sharp turn, then flash of light and gone! It was just dark enough to see the first stars in the sky.  Looking south, a bright flash of light caught my attention, so I looked through my binoculars that I had in my hand and told my wife to look at the light now dimmer yet travelling from the south to the north at high rate of speed,  I could not lock on with the binoculars, but we could follow it with our eyes.  It went strait North.  my wife and I both said it was not a plane its to fast no noise and no viper trail then it turn left and it flashed bright light and was gone just like it entered, it was in our air space not outer space, this is not the first sighting of unknown objects we have witnessed,  I don't understand why my wife and I have witnessed the different crafts over the last 10 years here in the north as well as Winnipeg in 2012 dec 19 th at 8 pm along with several other people on portage avenue at the stop lights, there are other sightings we have witnessed like a fireball over our neighbourhood,  the same kind of bright light we seen tonight , as well as a couple bright light orbs 3 nights in a row ,,,why so many times.;55.7425;-97.8622
Bright light craft same one as before.;2015-08-12 22:25:00;2 minutes;Bright light craft same one as before. Bright light appearing in the sky just before the stars at 10:25 pm the same bright light we have seen before,  we where facing south on our deck same as the other sightings of this craft and to south west appears the bright light moving faster than a jet in the same airspace as a prop plane, no noise, no vapor trail, this is the 6th time we have seen this craft the third time in three nights it is predictable and has a purpose to always show up in our airspace it does not always show up at the same time or in the exact same place but close to the same area in the sky always south of our home, trust me we can see the satellites , we can see the planes, we can see the jets and the stealth plane that follows after it sometimes, it is to bright for a satellite, to fast for a jet and has no airplane lights blinking just pure white light sometimes it changes directions and disappears as it appeared with a flash of light .  There are two types we have witnessed the fireball and the bright light crafts..... I do believe we are being watched by something bigger than we all know the saying their here really makes sense they are here!  We do have video!;55.7425;-97.8622
Bright light again appearing from west moving east , not to fast this time but made its way towards us (North) in a curve then a plane;2015-08-14 22:25:00;40 seconds;Bright light again appearing from west moving east, not to fast this time but made its way towards us (North) in a curve then a plane came from the the airport north of us and it curved south and took off faster south by the time the plane came it was gone south, can't help but think the pilots had to see it, as they where in the same airspace as the bright object, again this object is predictable, flys any speed, any direction, flashes in then leaves, we have seen this over and over each time the craft behaves in a different way, it knew the plane was coming and turned and took off.  Could not pick it up on our video camera this time but we could pick up the plane which was about the same brightness as the craft in its airspace ,camera kept going out of focus on the craft but no problem with the plane...... They are here.  Everyday!;55.7425;-97.8622
Orange lights spotted near Thompson, MB.;2017-04-21 22:00:00;2 minutes;Orange lights spotted near Thompson, MB. Two orange lights flying in close proximity to one another silently flew over the west side of town in a north to south direction.  Observed them till they faded away in the distance.   Approx. three min after first two faded, a third orange light flew by on the same heading.   Both witnesses have extensive backrounds in aviation, one being a former commercial pilot, and the other, an aircraft mechanic.;55.7425;-97.8622
