CAT TRACKS JUMPING OUT OF NOWHERE AND TURNING INTO SIZE 9 HIKING BOOTS;2002-05-09 07:00:00;30 minutes;CAT TRACKS JUMPING OUT OF NOWHERE AND TURNING INTO SIZE 9 HIKING BOOTS   One morning as I was out for an extremely long walk and already having walked 5 miles to the dump, south of the City of Thompson, Manitoba, Canada, I decided to continue, down the hydro line, where the path was much easier for the walk.  As I walked, about two miles further, I came upon some very large animal cat tracks, which were approximately 10 inches in diameter.  This was very strange, because, there are no such animals in this part of the country, with the size of paws which would make tracks that big, period. As I examined the tracks, I could see that they had jumped from somewhere and landed to the left of the trail I was walking on, and as the tracks first connected with the ground, they made an impression with the three front claws on each paw, digging into the dried mud which I assume was moist when the prints were left.  The animal then began to walk with its paws flat, with all five claws digging into the mud and leaving track of a walking animal. I followed these big cat tracks up a cutline which is a service path between the highway and the hydro line, to where the cat tracks stopped at the top of the hill.  Then things got strange, as the front paws of the big cat moved to the left, one after the other, then to the right, also one after the other, then forward one step with both paws.  The next thing I saw was two sets of size nine, mans hiking boots following the cat tracks, which followed the same pattern.  The men’s hiking boots moved to the left, one after the other, then to the right, also one after the other, and then forward one step with both feet, then proceeded to walk down the other side of the hill towards the highway and right up to the pavement, where they disappeared. I followed the tracks from the highway, all the way back to the top of the hill, where I was looking for the continuation of the cat tracks, but I could not find any continuation.  I walked down to where I first encountered the tracks which jumped out of nowhere, and looked in a semi circle, up to at least thirty feet from where the tracks had landed on three claws, but I was unable to find the beginning of the cat track. After studying the track for some time, I was under the impression that there was something quite unusual going on here, but what?  I talked with different people over the years, and some thought it may have been a hoax, others thought it was a shape shifter, still others thought it was the devil, and so on. The area was to far from Thompson for anyone to stumble onto the tracks, which were left their since the last rain, maybe three days before.  So what could have, jumped from out of nowhere, walked in soft mud to leave tracks, and changed into a human, gone to the highway and disappeared, possibly into the City of Thompson?  Who or what is moving among us, and where do they come from? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));55.7425;-97.8622
Glowing object flying over Thompson, MB.;2014-04-18 10:10:00;30 seconds;Glowing object flying over Thompson, MB. Seen an black object with orange glowing at the back of object flying in our atmosphere about 1500 ft in the air flying over thompson, manitoba, Canada.  It was flying slowly and there was no sound.  Seen it for approx 30 seconds and then it disappeared. After it disappeared we turned around and seen another object bright as a star flying in the air slow enough to see it moving and then it disappeared as well.  This is not the first time we have been experiencing these objects.  4 years ago we experienced a flying object 3 days in a row approx.  10 to 20 minute differences each night.  4 of us witnessed that one too.;55.7425;-97.8622
