My Location - Londonderry, NH . The object was in the direction above Derry, NH - unexplainable.;2013-01-23 00:36:00;00:50;My Location - Londonderry, NH . The object was in the direction above Derry, NH - unexplainable. Distance-wise: quite. I observed what I initially thought was a plane but it maintained the same area for some time.  It was rectangular with stationary blue, yellow, white and red lights. Unlike anything I've seen before.  I'm in a well lit area and I was able to see this object for some time. I waited to see if it would disappear or move closer to no avail. I am in Londonderry, NH facing Derry, NH, (the airport is 7.25 miles northwest {behind me}) the object was in the direction of Derry heading south towards Salem, NH and then north then south again (not fast but over a period of time).  I went into my home to grab a pair of binoculars and couldn't locate.  I grabbed my iphone and noticed the object heading south again.  I tried capturing it on the camera and had no luck. I realize credibility is important in these cases -- having witnesses or a picture would be beneficial.  Its after midnight, I ran out to grab my lunch bag in my car as I forget to bring it in! earlier and didn't want the drink freezing and popping. Its 7 °F and no one is up.  My camera cannot capture anything but blurry image - there's no force or anything prohibiting me from getting a photograph.  I have a pair of binoculars in a box and do not feel like tearing my house apart to find it.  I will try to locate it this weekend in case of future sighting. I've never seen one before and hope to see it again. I want to believe it is explainable like a plane or helicopter but the distance was too great no noise no predictability like a normal object.  We live pretty close to the airport that would be easy to explain however I've seen enough aircraft over the years at all hours to rule out. I am perplexed on this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.8674;-71.3793
