It was moving faster then a plane in direction, stopped and came back the way it came.;2003-07-17 21:00:00;a few minutes;It was moving faster then a plane in direction, stopped and came back the way it came. i was looking outside of my window we have the windows open during the summer and I saw two airplanes, we live near manchester airport, I was watching one plane it seemed to be moving faster then a normal plane, it went near trees and stopped, i thought it was odd, it hovered for a few minutes and then it started coming back the other way, it was going pretty fast and it flew over my house it had white green and red and blue lights. I just couldn't stop staring.;42.8674;-71.3793
Object moved at differant speeds and made an unusual jerking motion;2009-03-22 21:00:00;30 seconds;Object moved at differant speeds and made an unusual jerking motion Coming from Boston on Sunday night 3/22/09 at about 9 05 PM. We live in NH 03053.   I pulled into my driveway and looked up at the stars because they were so bright. I saw what I assumed was a satellite, and said to my wife and two kids hey look at the satellite, they got out of the car and looked up and said where? My wife and daughter went in the house. At that point I couldn't see anything moving. Then I said, oh I could have sworn I saw something moving. My son said oh yaw there it is, and it was moving slower than a few seconds before when I saw it from in the car. I looked at the corner of the roof of the house to see if it was really moving and it was. Then it started moving a little faster so you could easily see that it was moving. We watched it for a couple of seconds and I saw it jerk real quick to the right about an inch, (as your looking at the stars) and then back. I thought that it was my eyes playing tricks on me so I didn't say anything , But my son said hey that moved back and forth real fast didn't it .I said with total surprise you saw that ? And he said yaw it moved, I asked what direction it moved in, and he motioned with his hands what it did. Showing the same direction and movement. Then as we watched, it picked up speed moving in the same direction (North) and it moved really fast and we lost sight of it in a few seconds.;42.8674;-71.3793
