Light stayed at my window and I don't know how long. It looked like energy pure...;1982-05-20 02:00:00;?;Light stayed at my window and I don't know how long. It looked like energy pure... Realy I'm not sure as to the correct date, but my brothe and I were sleeping down stairs at our home in Kansas. We were awoke late at night. The tree's were old and bent to the ground. (cotton woods) At least a 100 years old and as big as 4-5 feet in diamiter. I felt this, I don't know..Presence. The wind was blowing eradicaly. I was scared, but I had to see. I thought a tornado at first, but my yard was the only one afected. We were sleeping in the second living room with a big picture glass window that had no coverings. It was dark, I stood up, went to the window and as I looked I saw a bright light bounceing from house to house from at least two bloks away. In my front yard we have a flag pole that my grandfather placed for my uncle who was killed in WWII. the light seemed to grab ahold of the pole but slowly came to the windowsil. My brother was screaming at it to go away, but I could barely hear him. It was a magnificent bright light. It was full of depth and clarity, but distorted. I felt like something had me in it's grip but yet I felt whole. I think it scaned me! I never could remember how I felt until I was older. What broke my affixation on the object was our Mom. I don't know how long it had been, but Her yelling at us to shut up was what made the thing go away. I t bounced as it went, I could only see it till it went a half a block, and burst into nothingness. A blinding nothingness. My brother to this day I haven't spoke to about this phenomenon. My Mom's to old to remember,...ordid it steal her memory of what happend? I don't know? All i know is that it happend. My mother was yelling at us to shut-up, and when she came out to close the sliding glass doors I was standing in front of the window,scared and all she could do is say: You kids need to go to sleep It looks like a storm is comming and if it's bad you need to get your sleep.  The weirdest thing about the light was when my Mom came out of her room the tree's stood back up. I could be crazy,but I'm not.  I get chills! just remembering!!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.2186;-98.1995
