7 ufo's stop over the upper delaware river valley;2002-06-15 20:30:00;1 hour;7 ufo's stop over the upper delaware river valley It was dusk, I was driving along the pennsylvania side of the upper delaware river valley (route 191) I noticed lights that seemed strange, so I pulled over to the side of the road and got out of my car. There were red & white lights on the front of the ufo, about 15 or 20 lights going across. They would flash at different speeds, from one end to the other.  So you would see a red light flash on the left side, then a white light next to it, then a red and so on..... there was absolutely no noise from the ufo, then I noticed another one in the distance, with the same type of light pattern, and then another one flying from another direction.  On the other side of the road behind me, there were many trees, so when a ufo flew that way, I could not see it anymore.  So when a ufo would come from over the trees in that direction, I could not say if it was the same one I just saw minutes ago, or if it was another one.  The most I saw in the sky at any one time was 7.   My best guess is that they were flying no higher than a 15 story building.  One flew right over me, and from underneath it seemed to look like a glowing egg.  The only unusual movements were two ufo's that were flying straight towards each other, instead of colliding, one of them stopped over the top of the other one, after about 10 seconds? the one on top suddenly backed upwards at a 90 degree angle.  After 30 - 40 minutes, one by one they turned off all the lights (red & white) and then a single glowing orange light came on. They started to 'park' over the delaware river.  It looked like a constellation once they had all parked (7 ufo's)  So after awhile I figured the show was over and that I should go home and tell my wife,  well I crossed the river into new york state, and after less than 5 minutes driving I saw another ufo with the same red & white lights as before.  So I pulled over to look at it, and it turned out there was a company located there, as I drove into the parking lot, I stopped my car and called 3 people over, saying do you know what's flying out here, the one guy with a girl, said it could be an airplane and left, the guy who stayed, I told him it was flying right over us and didn't make any noise.  Then I told him it was going to 'park' where those orange lights were, because now I was on the opposite side of the river from where I was before.  The ufo parked with the other orange lights that looked like a constellation, and the guy said as long as they're not coming to get me  He then left abruptly.  This was a Friday night, June 2002.  I could figure out the exact date because the newspaper on the new york side 'the times herald record' had a front page story a couple days after my mass sighting.  It was a story about a guy who took 15 minutes of daytime video footage of a ufo.  The original spot for the sighting was a self storage business on route 191, just over the border (about 3 minutes) from Hancock, New York.  There are almost no companies on the new york side of the river (route 97) so it was very unusual to pull off the road suddenly and actually be in a company parking lot with people, usually it would just be trees & deer.  This location here is about 50 miles northwest of pinebush new york, which is suppose to be the most popular spot for ufo sightings on the east coast of america. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.8135;-75.1844
