Up camping and saw green glowing fireballs in the sky OMG;2007-07-26 22:30:00;10MIN;Up camping and saw green glowing fireballs in the sky OMG Ok I was a non-believer until this day. This was located around Ione Washington about 10 miles south July 27. There were 9 of us that witness this sighting. We were all camping and it was in the evening, and getting ready to go to bed. When out of the corner of my eye I saw 2 bright green balls they seemed glowing neon like. At first I thought that it was a huge fire work ready to go off then I looked over and realized they weren’t blowing up and they seemed huge about 2 times the size of a basketball.  When I first saw them, they were in between the trees. I said, “OMG Look at that!” to everyone and I started to kind of freak out. I said, “We should get the cam.” but they started too move out of sight. So we all ran out into the drive way out of the tree line and there they were just hovering going slowly up and down and back and forth no real formation. It was kind of bouncy like, hard to explain.  There was no sound at all. They started to slowly go further into space. This lasted about 5 min. or so. They were very bright in the sky even as they got smaller in size. They started to look like a star.  Then my dad said, “Look, there’s a red one” it was going across the sky pretty fast but it seemed it could have been a satellite at first, but it then stopped and went the other way. It then turned around and went out into space following the other two. Then they all disappeared together. We didn’t get pics I am so upset cause they were in the sky for so long. But I can now say I believe that there is something out there.  Almost forgot this part:  The next day we were at the beach, and then there was this super loud sound roaring like, when all of a sudden there was air force jets flying really low and really fast. They were following the river. This scared the heck out of us. I have been up camping and my grandparent lived in this area all my life (I'm in my 30's)and never saw either thing ever happen up there before. We do have an air force base in Spokane but not sure if this is related or not. But seems very strange they were in this area the next day.;48.7413;-117.4114
