large disk shaped object with light beams eminating from it;1995-08-20 02:00:00;30 min;large disk shaped object with light beams eminating from it This is compliled for my brother who doesn't want to be identified and confided his story to me.  I'm writing it as it was told to me. Around 0200, I was making my rounds in the factory I was working security for.  I was alone in the building and was making my check points when a phone on the ohter side of the building started to ring.   I thought it was odd.  It rang as if an inside call, single ring.  When I got there, I was about to pick it up and it stop ringing and another one crossed the factory started to ring without interruption.  As if the call was transfered.  As I made my way back to answer that one, another phone started to ring, then another and another.  Then all the phones started to ring at once.  By this time I was freaking out.  This was impossible!  As I sstood there, I looked up and saw the baloons on the ceiling begin to move as it blowing in the wind.  There was no wind and the baloon are secured to the cieling.  They are there to alert of gas deposites in the cieling by changing colors.  Then after several mins. of standing there every thing stopped.  I ran to a phone and called for someone to come up and stay with me.  As I was about to hang up the phones staarted to ring, including the one in on my hand.  I made my way to the nearest door ass I was over comed with fear.  When I got outside, I heard a loud humming noise above me.  I looked up and saw a disk shaped object hoving over the factory.  It was as big as the building, gray in color with red, blue and white lights circling around it.  There was a light green light coming from the object shooting down on the generator of the factory I was in the one next door.  From the outside,  I could still hear the phones ringing.  after several seconds, seemed liked hours, I light stopped and the disk shot straight up in the air.  At the same time the phones stopped also.  I then used the phone to call a freind of mine at a storage factility several miles away.  he reported the same strange things happening.  I had someone with me the rest of the night.  In the morning, upon inspection of the generators,  we say scorch makes on the vents and the generators had bur! ((name deleted)) out.;41.2463;-81.8310000000001
