2 people witness 2 low flying, big fiery red/orange, slow controlled moving, soundless spherical shapes moving South to North.;2011-07-16 22:00:00;8-10 minutes;2 people witness 2 low flying, big fiery red/orange, slow controlled moving, soundless spherical shapes moving South to North. 7-16-11 Brunswick, OH, area around 10:00 PM, my mom called me to come downstairs quickly and look at something.  I went downstairs and looked out the back screen door and saw a big ball of red/orange light.  The best way to describe it is that it looked like a big ball that was on fire. It was changing from bright red to orange.  It had a haze surrounding it that looked like it was on fire.  It moved from South to North, very slowly and seemed to stop at certain times.  It seemed to be moving upwards. When it got over the tree tops, we lost it.  We saw it for about 3-4 minutes. After we lost sight of it, we ventured outside to take a look around.  We stood out there for about a minute looking at the trees ahead of us when my mom looked suddenly to the right of us and there was another one.   And it literally was right above our heads.  Unfortunately, I’m terrible with distance and size, so I can’t say how high off the ground or how big it was, but it seemed very big.  It was definitely lower than an airplane.  And very close.  Too close, so we both ran as fast into the house as possible.  From the safety of our house, we watched the second one follow the exact same travel path as the first.  This one lasted about 4-5 minutes. The movements of both were the same, moved from South to North, moved slowly and very controlled, every now and then seemed to stop along the way and just kind of hover and possibly move in stationary circles for a few seconds.  Both had very intense bright fire-like glows that seemed to change between red and orange.  They both seemed to have a haze surrounding them which, best described, looked as if they were surrounded in flames or fire.   We never saw any sort of blinking or flashing lights, just shifting of colors.  Neither object had tails or emitted any sound. And they both seemed to move upwards as they went along.  We never saw the two objects together, just one at a time.  So there is a possibility the second one was the first one that circled back around.  Though we never saw it appear, we just looked up and it was overhead.  I don’t know where it came from. I can honestly say, and my mom agrees, that was the scariest experience of our lives.  We couldn’t run fast enough to get back in the house.  I am regretting not grabbing a camera or something. But at the time it was happening, we were memorized just staring at it and trying to figure out what it could possibly be.   And we are still baffled.;41.2463;-81.8310000000001
9 orange orbs in formations over 9 minutes. May 4, 2013 OH.;2013-05-04 21:00:00;10 minutes;9 orange orbs in formations over 9 minutes. May 4, 2013 OH. Came in formations staying same distance apart. First came two in single file moving about half the speed of airplanes.  They continued across the sky moving east to west for at least 3 minutes.  They gradually as moving ascended out of site. Soon as they disappeared three more came following the exact same route.  One lead orange glowing orb with two flanked behind to left and right of lead forming a triangle pattern.  For about 3 min. all disappearing the same way.  Then four more in single formation all same distance apart for 3 minutes disappearing the same way as others. Orange in color with it glowing.  All same size.  You can see flight route of airplanes to or through Cleveland to north of us.  The route of these objects much slower than the planes. I did manage to get a couple seconds at the end on video.;41.2463;-81.8310000000001
