Three star color dots move across the sky in a perfect  tryangle.Later that night two of the same kind dance in the sky.;2002-08-10 03:45:00;30 sec.;Three star color dots move across the sky in a perfect  tryangle.Later that night two of the same kind dance in the sky. the First lights were in a perfect triangle traveling across the sky at first we thought they were airplanes formation but then realized they were moveing way to fast to be airplanes and they remained the same distance apart. and kept the same speed as each other. we went inside and went right back out not relizeing what we just saw we were trying to think up other things they could have been when we looked up and saw two of the lights again but this time there was only two they were heading right at each other then right before they ran in to each other they did a little circle manuver they seemed to dance around each other we ran inside and have been shakeing and wanting to figure out what we saw we didnt really belive all this stuff untill just a few hours ago. ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly N.O.S.S. satellites, thought to be launched by the U. S. Navy.  PD));38.9566;-84.883
UFO by Antares;2012-06-25 10:30:00;30 seconds;UFO by Antares Just was sitting on the porch with my son and he asked if the flashing lights in the sky were airplanes and I said yes because the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky Airport is fairly close to us and I see planes coming and going in the sky all the time.   As I was scouting the sky for more planes I saw what looked a star in the sky suddenly moved straight north to what I thought was Mars.   Im totally stunned by what I just seen and told my son to look and he saw the same thing, it was to far away to be a plane.  I quickly downloaded the google star map app and pointed to the area where I saw the UFO move and my app said it was Antares. The object flew up to Antares and never moved past it as far as I could tell.  I am totally excited to see this event happen and hope someone else out there seen it too.;38.9566;-84.883
