Strange disappearing lights that looked like aircraft at first. These lights have been reported in the area before.;2005-08-04 18:30:00;5 min.;Strange disappearing lights that looked like aircraft at first. These lights have been reported in the area before. They looked like 2 military jets at first. There were 2 and they were close beside each other. One was further behind. They were just lights as headlights look to be and it was shocking to see them flying toward us if they were jets.  I say military jets because I had enough time to ponder if they were helicopters but they were moving too fast.  They weren't falling but seemed to be flying down and forward at an angle toward us.  At the time, it didn't occur to me jets make lots of noise and there was no noise.   Just at the top of the treeline, the first light blinked out and shortly after, the second light blinked out. There was a faint dark cloud left behind and I watched because I wasn't sure if it was from that or just clouds. It disappeared.  I have no idea what this was but I would hope there is a reasonable explanation. It happened over a large acreage of land used for trail riding.  My daughter and I were alone when we saw this.  The horses were grazing and apparently oblivious.  I should add that I had my car turned off so can't say if there were any magnetic effects. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.4485;-82.2011000000001
I have had two incidence years apart...why?;2009-09-01 21:00:00;5-10min;I have had two incidence years apart...why? Hello,  I don’t know if I’m doing the right thing or not.  I have some fear in writing this, why, I don’t know.  I seen something very strange years ago when I was about 18 years old. I was already married and had taken our dog for a walk around our neighborhood.  I was rounding the last curve on our road before our house when I happened to glance back over my shoulder ( because my German Shepherd was lagging behind a little) and I seen something in the sky.  What I seen I am still not sure. I first noticed what seemed to be a white cloud forming very low in the sky not far from me. It was expanding at such a fast rate I knew it couldn’t be a normal cloud. I became fearful and starting looking around to see if anybody was outside and seeing this as well. Of course like all good stories no one was to be found. I then began to notice what seemed to be lights inside the cloud moving around, almost like big spot lights on a helicopter. I was so scared, but I couldn’t move , I was frozen with fear and wonderment. I just could not figure it out. The thing that scared me the most….no sound! No sound at all! How could a helicopter spray expanding foam clouds in the air to hide in and suddenly appear out of no where without any warning sound of it’s approach or the propellers disturbing the sprayed foam clouds? This was my thinking while this was taking place…How? Just as quickly as it appeared, the lights stopped and the expanding cloud began to do the opposite and rol! l back into nothing at all. What I seen that day I truly don’t know, but I think about it all the time. When I got back home and told my husband, I got that you must be crazy look from him…. that scared me too. I am now in my thirties and have children. I am no longer married to my former husband but I don’t think that my “experience” had anything to do with it. I have tried to put what happened on that day behind me over the years. I have told the story a few times. But for the most part I have dismissed it as explainable some how, until about two years ago when I could no longer deny “things”. I just want to say that I am a normal person with a normal family. I don’t understand what has happened and I’m tired of being scared to talk about things. I feel like I am going to go crazy if I have to keep denying  that it happened. That’s why I have decided to “open up” about whatever this is or was…I’m not sure.  	My thirteen year old daughter and I went to our local Walmart one evening. My second husband was fixing the kitchen sink when we left. When we returned home about 9:00pm we pulled in the driveway which is long ( I now live in a more rural location) and we both immediately seen something over our house. As we got closer I couldn’t believe my eyes, I wasn’t sure what I was looking at. It was three big bright lights almost like big headlights right over the roofline of my house. They were stationary at first and I remember asking my daughter if she was seeing what I was seeing. To my horror she said…yes. We were frozen for a moment, all of a sudden what I thought was one big thing turned out to be three smaller things because they started to hover away in different directions. I got out of the car real quick with my daughter  on my heels. I wanted my husband to see this too. I ran in and hurried him outside only to find them gone except one light between the neighbors house an! d our’s which was hard to make out for sure because of all the trees. In any case that light has not been seen there since he will tell you. My daughter joined us in the yard with a aluminum foil hat she quickly fashioned (so they could not read her thoughts) and once again I was left with this “baggage”. I was angry. Why I got in the car and tried to find it again I don’t know. I just needed some answers. I was unable to find the mysterious lights that haunt my life, and of course the neighbors couldn’t see the lights in their yard. It is now a joke that they love to throw out there every chance they get, and I laugh of course, what else can I do?  	But the fact that my daughter was involved in the second “experience” leads me down the road I find myself on. She talks about it all the time desperate to let it not be forgotten. It has awakened a curiosity in her that I cannot deny her. “It was real, we did see something didn’t we mom?” The sad thing is her father my first husband does not believe her. So she is doomed to the same fate as me “crazy” . The difference is that I was there to, so she will always have somebody to talk to that believes her. I wish someone could give me lie detector test or something. I am desperate for someone to believe us. I could easily deny one time, but not two. Most people go their whole lives and never seen anything like this. Why me twice, coincidence maybe, but not likely! Thank you for reading this.;33.4485;-82.2011000000001
Large group of blink or flashing lights, followed by a bigger and brighter orange light;2013-12-12 22:30:00;20 minutes;Large group of blink or flashing lights, followed by a bigger and brighter orange light I came outside at work and looked at the sky to see several flashing lights above the tree line across the street, the lights had no pattern but were seen in multiple position at one time leading me to believe there was more than 10.  The lights would blink( more like a flicker) and reappear but not like a plane would.  As I watched I called a coworker to come over and see.  As he came over a different light appeared much bigger and brighter than the others and orange in color.  It did not move and was seen for 30 seconds to a minute before it slowly faded away.  We watched the smaller flashing lights move towards the southwest till they were out of sight.  Then they reappeared heading toward the direction they came.  There was at least a dozen maybe more of the smaller lights.  At one point one of the lights stopped flashing and became a constant light.  We watched it move to the east and then switch directions and move to the west.  Which I do not know of any aircra! ft that is capable of moving or changing directions like that.  Shortly after that the bright orange light reappeared followed by four or five more all in a line at what looked like the same altitude.  The line disappeared in the same order that it appeared one going out at a time.  We did not see the light again but continued to see the others for another 10 to 15 minutes.  This was in the city of Grovetown looking towards the direction of the Fort.  My Co-worker and myself were very confused by what we saw both of us have never seen anything like it.  We did see a shooting star during this event and a plane.  I have seen planes, helicopters and shooting stars in the night sky plenty of times.  I do not believe what we saw was any of those things ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.4485;-82.2011000000001
