Oh, what a night !  Two (2) saucer-shaped, glowing green objects and one (1) brilliantly glowing sphere gliding over the lake.;1973-10-10 19:00:00;20-30 MIN;Oh, what a night !  Two (2) saucer-shaped, glowing green objects and one (1) brilliantly glowing sphere gliding over the lake. My father, mother, sister and I had just finished dinner. When my sister, who left the table first, went to the front part of the house, yelled suddenly Mom, Dad - look out over the lake.  When we heard that, we rose from the table and looked out the kitchen windows.  We observed two (2) saucer shaped objects over the boat landing area, which was located approximately one-quarter of a mile away.  They had a light green aura.  My sister and I ran out behind the house and up the hill to observe from a better vantage point.  When we turned back around to look at the objects, we noticed a third object over the water of the lake, which appeared to be approximately three hundred (300) to three hundred and fifty (350) yards away.  It's appearance was that of a sphere of approximately ten (10) yards in diameter, that was glowing from within with an intense, pure, bright white light which reflected off the water and tree tops.  The third craft moved slowly in a south-easterly direction at approximately five (5) miles per hour, crossing from the water onto the land and above the trees.  Meanwhile, our attention was recaptured by the two (2) saucer-shaped objects.  While my sister and I were observing the crafts and concentrating on them intently, I noticed that cloud-like formations appeared flanking the objects.  Both craft then seemed to move within the cloud-like formations.  One of the objects and it's accompanying cloud-like formation faded from sight over a period of approximately five to seven seconds.  The other cloud-like formation was at this point still visible.  Shortly after the first cloud disappeared, the remaining vessel emerged halfway from the cloud-like formation, as if to be playing 'peek-a-boo'.  Then I suddenly felt a shiver throughout my entire body, and began wondering where the first craft had disappeared to, and if it were behind me.  I turned to look and there was nothing there.  That was when I realized that I was dealing with something that was beyond my experience. ! We both ran back down the hill and into the house.  When we looked back out the window, there was nothing there.  Though this event seems to be something of a dream, I do know that it really happened, and that it has made a large impact upon my life and the way that I look at things. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.3253;-72.2108
