Falling object in daylight with streak of black smoke trail, turns and travels opposite from Earth along the same route that it fell.;2016-03-25 19:30:00;10 minutes;Falling object in daylight with streak of black smoke trail, turns and travels opposite from Earth along the same route that it fell. My husband and I were traveling in downtown Paragould heading east bound around 7:30 pm about 30 minutes before sunset.  He spotted a black streak of smoke perpendicular to the ground.  It looked as if a plane was emitting black smoke and falling straight down from the sky.   The shape of the object could not be made out with the naked eye.   We traveled east bound in the direction of the falling object.  As we got closer the black smoke trail appeared lighter in the sky.   We reached the East Greene County Fire Station and pulled into the parking lot.  There we saw the line of smoke but it was at a much higher altitude than we previously though while attempting to reach it. The object had changed course and instead of falling, now it appeared to be traveling in the exact opposite direction along the same smoke trail.  We took a photo of the smoke streak while in the car but it is very light by the time I was able to photograph it and my cash lights reflected on the driver's side window.   We are not sure what it was.  There was no sound coordinating with the appearance of the object.;36.0557;-90.52
There were loud booming noises that shook our house, but we were unable to tell the direction.  ((anonymous report));2019-01-05 18:00:00;Off and on for 2 hours;At 18:00 central time there were loud booming noises that shook our house, but we were unable to tell the direction this continued off and on for about 2 hours.   Multiple people have reported this event occurring a local metorologest  posted about this on Facebook and has received multiple responses agreeing that they heard and felt the noises near finch and the east side of Paragould, Arkansas.   The link to his account is: https://mobile.twitter.com/ryanvaughan?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.0557;-90.52
