yellow 'perfect' sphere crossed entire viewable sky in about 4 sec., flashing off/on intermittently;1997-05-30 11:45:00;4 sec;yellow 'perfect' sphere crossed entire viewable sky in about 4 sec., flashing off/on intermittently Went on back porch to check telescope viewing conditions, saw it out of corner of eye, then again as it flashed back on, was able to guestimate when it would 'come on again' which it did directly in front of me, and one last time at the other side of viewable horizon, total 'on' flashes 4 or 5, covered about 150 degrees of sky in 4 sec.This thing was moving very fast, couldn't tell distance, made no noise. I always had wanted to see a UFO,have always been interested in them, now wish I wouldn't have seen it, as I'll never know what it was, or its origin. I even called Art Bell, spoke to him off the air, he mentioned on the air that ? will prob go the way of most UFO sightings meaning unreported.He asked me to call Peter Davenport, he seemed to  be able to tell that I wouldn't. This is why he mentioned it when he returned to the air.;33.906702097902;-84.842195804196
5 Reddish Amber Lights Moving Multiple Directions Then Disappear.;2014-01-01 00:00:00;15-20 minutes;5 Reddish Amber Lights Moving Multiple Directions Then Disappear. We were all sitting in the back yard when there was a very bright reddish amber colored light that immediately drew our attention just over the tree line.  This even was at about 11:57pm and we watched it just until the ball dropped.  We all went inside to watch the ball drop and celebrate.   We then grabbed the small firecrackers we bought for the kids to see and went out front to the roadway to set them off.  At this point the light was gone.  We were all very confused as to what it was being that it moved in multiple directions then hovered just before we went inside.  After lighting the firecrackers and rounding up the kids to go back inside we saw the light appear much further off in the distance in the complete opposite direction.  Myself and one of the other adults stopped and watched it as it moved east, then north, then hover and disappear again.  About 20 seconds later it reappeared much further away, much too fast for any craft I as a civilian know of.  It then hovered once again for about 20 seconds, flew north west, hovered again for about 10 seconds, then continued northwest.  Slightly after it hovered the last time, another appeared and began to fly towards the original.  As the second sighting got closer to the first, the first completely vanished.  The second hovered and sure enough a third began its ascent towards the second.  The second flew to about where the first vanished and hovered as the third started to move closer.  At this time a fourth came into sight flying towards them both.  The second sighting vanished and a fifth and final appeared and performed a very similar routine until all 5 vanished at roughly the same location in the sky.  We watched for a good 20 minutes afterwards to see if perhaps they would return, they never did.  All 5 sightings were very bright, reddish amber colored, moved in random speeds and direction, made no sound whatsoever, and all vanished at about the same location in the sky. Does anyone else have a good explanation for this?  Why are there so many sightings of these red lights in the sky in the past year?  I have never ever heard about these lights or this site for that matter until tonight's experience.;33.906702097902;-84.842195804196
