Large airplane-size metallic object over Lake Erie that disintegrated before my eyes on clear sunny day;2009-08-21 08:10:00;20 seconds;Large airplane-size metallic object over Lake Erie that disintegrated before my eyes on clear sunny day Description of visual encounter: Observer was sitting outside on 2nd story deck of home on the East Shore of Kelley’s Island, OH drinking morning coffee while looking east towards rising sun that was well up over Lake Erie by 8:10 AM.  In a large clear patch of blue sky approx 30 degrees to the South of due East I noticed a shiny white metallic object that I assumed was an airplane.  The object was clear against the blue sky, as an airplane would appear on a clear day.  The object appeared silver-white and shiny as it was clearly was lit up by the sun.  I estimate the size of the object as equal to a passenger jet, maybe 150’, and estimate location above Lake Erie, 1-2 miles North of Sandusky, OH at approx elevation 25,000-30,000 feet.  Estimated distance of object from observer: 5 miles. I would have assumed the object was a plane had I not noticed that the object was not moving as an airplane would.  It appeared stationary in the sky.  After watching it for approx 5 seconds I could see it was “drifting” slowly from right to left (South to North).  There was no vapor trail associated with the object, as I had noticed on airplanes the day before.  There were no airplanes in the area that morning while I was observing the object to compare the object to. The object had clear sharp edges, and appeared to be metallic.  It had no wings or tail fins like an airplane.  The object emitted no noise.  It was not unlike the fuselage of an airplane but slightly thinner at the left (North) end than the right (South) end. As I was staring at the object, that was still clearly visible against the blue sky, it disintegrated (became invisible) before my eyes.  It disintegrated from top to center and from bottom to center.  It took only about ½ second to go from a completely solid object to completely gone.  This disintegration is what convinced me beyond a shadow of a doubt this was not a plane, but an unexplained sighting of a solid object that was visible one second and gone the next. Total time of observation was approx 15-20 seconds.;41.4445773195877;-82.7051587628868
