I was visiting a friend in Clinton ms. We walked outside in the driveway. Looked across the street. Then saw a ring of lights hovering;1988-01-10 19:00:00;5 minutes;I was visiting a friend in Clinton ms. We walked outside in the driveway. Looked across the street. Then saw a ring of lights hovering over someone’s house. It was at night but it looked disc shaped. The ring of lights was around the outer part of the craft. The center was dark. The lights were multi colored lights. Red, blue, yellow lights from what I can remember. The strange thing was it made no sound. I asked her, my friend what the heck is that. I said is that usually there. She said no. Then as if it saw us. At that moment it started moving away from us. It never went up. We could see the lights through the trees as it moved away from us til it disappeared.  I said let’s get in the car and try to see it again. We rode around couldn’t see it anymore. I thought about calling police reporting it but figured they wouldn’t believe us.  Since then I’ve always watched the sky’s but haven’t seen anything else like it. It’s forever etched in mind.;32.3404;-90.3273
A colorful ring of lights hovering over someones house, then it moved away making no sound over the trees...;1988-08-02 20:00:00;5 minutes;A colorful ring of lights hovering over someones house, then it moved away making no sound over the trees... I was in Clinton Ms. standing outside a friends house in her driveway talking. We were in a residential neighborhood.It was dark out. About 8:00pm. There were houses accross the street from us. Very close. While chatting with my friend i looked accross the street. And i glanced up, up above a house accross the street. There were tall trees directly behind this house. And what i saw was a ring of lights in a circle. It was very large, bigger than a couple houses put together. The lights were different colors, they were very bright alsmost glowing. They were in a horizontal plane above this house, just sitting there. And i said what the heck is that, well putting it nicely. My friend said i dont know. I said thats not normally there, and she said no. And i said its not making any sound. It was close enough we should have heard some sort of noise . I mean it was directly accross the street from us. I said well it cant be a balloon  becuase a balloon would have fire, and would not be out at night anyway. Then all of the sudden it started moving. It was almost directly over the house accross the street from us, and directly above the trees. It started moving away from us. There was no sound. It was so strange. Anything that big, should have made noises, and that close. It did not move up it went sideways , horzontally. Away from us. Almost as if it knew we were looking at it. Before it moved it was just sitting there above the trees, then it just started moving , away from us. So i said lets get in the car and chase it , and get another look, but by the time we went around the block , it was gone. I thought about calling the police, but said noone would believe us. So ive only told a few people about this, and most people say they believe me. Scince this happened to me, im always watching the skys. Hoping to see something again. I feel very lucky to have seen this thing, just wish i had a camera, but its forever etched in my mind. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));32.3404;-90.3273
Jet and object flying side by side;2011-10-01 13:00:00;5 mins.;Jet and object flying side by side While working on building a patio in my backyard, I could hear the sound of a Jet passing over going NE, but it was taking a long time to go over so I looked up and saw a JET in the sky with two contrails behind it, with a smaller object directly beside it with a single trail that evaporated quickly.  They were side by side, moving as if the Jet was trying to move away.  They curved around several times as other planes(3) with two contrails showed up from all directions. I have this on video.  The sky in Clinton,MS is a gold mine for sky watching and sightings.  TRUST ME! Can't upload yet, granddaughter had'nt showed me how.  But Iam willing to turn over video evidence!!!!!!;32.3404;-90.3273
morphing white blinking light that turn into circle of colored lights;2011-10-16 22:00:00;2 mins;morphing white blinking light that turn into circle of colored lights Because I am an avid sky watcher, I alway's keep my camera by the front door.  On this night I'd gone out to walk my dad's nurse to her car and as she walked she looked up and said that is not an airplane.   So I looked up and saw a white blinking light jumping forward, sideways, backward and forward again. I ran to get my camera and I taped this light for about one minute before it began to appear as a circle of lights that blinked red/blue/green and white, then change back and forth to one white blinking light to the circle coolored lights.   I played the sighting on my 60 wide screen and OMG!   Can send video.;32.3404;-90.3273
