Green fireball seen shooting up from the ground;2001-10-31 23:30:00;3-5 seconds;Green fireball seen shooting up from the ground I have been so long in reporting this because it didn't occur to me to do so until I got on this site and saw other descriptions of a fireball such as I saw.  I'm a natural skeptic thatI would actually see something like this, so I tried to think of what it could have possibly been other than a UFO. I wanted to think it was a meteor or something....except that it was going the wrong direction! I thought that was something other people could witness, but not me. A friend and I had gone to an AA meeting and were on the way home.  I'm not sure of the exact time....somewhere between 11:00 pm and 12:00 pm.  We were driving north and came to a stop light.  Over to my left (in the west) and a good distance away, I saw a very large fireball shoot up from the ground (or from behind some trees...hard to tell)and straight up into the air, heading slightly to the north.  It was green....as you would imagine green light would look in front of a black back drop, somewhat varied in brightness.  When I first saw it at its largest state (just after leaving the ground)  the color was very intense and bright.....then the further it went, it became dimmer and less saturated. It appeared and disappeared within the span of 3-5 seconds.  I turned to my friend and asked him if he had seen it too.  He said he had.  I think that was a relief to both of us...to know we weren't hallucinating!;32.3404;-90.3273
Just seen a fireball in the sky I thought at first it was a plane going down. But then realized I had just seen my first real meteor fa;2014-09-23 22:46:00;3-5 seconds;Just seen a fireball in the sky I thought at first it was a plane going down.  But then realized I had just seen my first real meteor falling to earth.  It was the coolest thing ever.  I've seen shooting stars, but never a meteor with fire behind it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Possible meteor?  PD));32.3404;-90.3273
