Trinagular Object;1995-12-18 21:00:00;5 minutes;Trinagular Object The reason it has taken me so long to report this incident is that, quite frankly, I didn't know it could be reported. My mother, sister, and myself were returning from my sister's Christmas program. We were headed east from town and were near the cemetary. We looked south and saw a large triangular shaped object. It was moving slowly and silently above the tree tops. It appeared to be about one hundred feet in length. The object was black and had three white lights on it-one on each corner. It had a bluish light in the center. We  slowed down to watch it as it moved towards the southwest. We apparently experienced missing time because when we got home it was almost 11:00 PM. That means it would have taken us 2 hours to go a distance of half a mile.;32.3404;-90.3273
Triangle with lights on each corner.;2001-12-30 17:40:00;5 minutes;Triangle with lights on each corner. Big triangular object with 2 big lights in the front and 1 little one in the back.  Moved really fast and was silent.;32.3404;-90.3273
Triangular object seen twice within one hour, in a city area, 4 witnesses.;2002-07-12 22:08:00;appx. 2 minutes;Triangular object seen twice within one hour, in a city area, 4 witnesses. At approximately 10:08PM CST, me,my friend, and my 2 cousins were traveling down Morrison Drive heading North, I looked at the tree line and spotted a flying triangular object, with what appeared to be 3 white lights in the front but as it passed over it i observed that there was a light on each corner of the triangle and the two on the back were shining forward in bright intensity as to cast a beam of light straight ahead.  There was also a smaller, less bright light on the back between the two bright ones, and one red in the middle.  I called the attention on everyone in the car, I screamed stop the car  we all saw the object as it was hovering then sped off SW then disappearing, it was then 10:10 PM.  It was about 100 ft. or higher in the sky.The sky was clear, no clouds, and no visible stars. I am a ammature ufo researcher, I read about them in my spare time,  This is the first absolute clear image i have ever seen. My friend, Jennifer, is not a real believer in any paranormal.  One cousin, Courtney, WAS a straight skeptic until last night.  and my other cousin, Kristin, was neither believer nor skeptic. At about 10:45-10:50, we were at my house, when we decided we had better draw what we had seen while it was fresh on our mind.  Kristin was in my room, she screamed she heard something above the house we ran outside just in time to see it take off from over our house heading straight SW again.  I am positive it was the same object, I live less than one mile from where the first sighting was spotted.;32.3404;-90.3273
On-going UFO sightings ((NUFORC Note:  Multiple sightings reported by witness date is approximate.  PD));2004-06-15 21:00:00;unknown;On-going UFO sightings It all started the night that my mother, sister, and I came home from my sister's Christmas program back in 1992 or so. We had left the local coliseum and were heading home around 9PM. We were headed east on a road that runs behind a cemetery and is only a half mile or so from our home. I happened to look south out over the trees and see this huge triangle moving just above the treetops. It was 100' in length, black, four light (three white ones on each of the corners and a blue colored one in the center), and it moved slowly and silently. We came to a complete stop to watch it. It was odd because the next thing we realized it was moving away from us in a SW direction. In the short distance to our home we never discussed it. And when we got inside our house it was around 11 PM or so. I seriously doubt it took two hours to drive a half mile.  The reason I tell this is because over the years we've seen the object(s) more than once. Sometimes it hovers and at other times it will disappear in, what seems like, a blink of an eye. Not too long after the above incident my mother and sister were coming home from Wal-Mart and saw it again. They said they only saw it for about five seconds but as soon as my sister saw it her mouth broke out in small blisters almost like ulcers. Like I said, we've seen it many times over the years, plus other kinds of UFO's, but the last time we saw it was around the beginning of this summer, about the middle of June. This time it was my sister and me, I was driving, coming home from a friend's house, probably around 8 or 9 PM, and there was one over the cemetery again. This time we decided to follow it. As we neared the cemetery, heading east, the object started to move off at a high rate of speed, to the NE. I turned down another street heading N, which has a school, I stopped in the middle of the road because we could see that there were two other objects, like the triangle, forming a larger triangle. I started to go forward again and this time all three disappeared in maybe two seconds.  As I stated, we've seen many kinds of UFO's. The triangle, sphere's, cigar-shapped ones, lights that just hovered, and so on. We've also become accustomed to having bruises we can't explain,my sister's mysterious ulcers, blood on our bed sheets and pillow cases, and blood on our clothes. I also know that one night I had a very vivid dream about being in the middle of some woods and seeing a UFO above me and when I woke up there were dead leaves in my bed that weren't there the night before. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will attempt to put the witnesses in touch with a local investigator.  PD));32.3404;-90.3273
