Stationary light turns off then on then remains in sky for the entire next day, but nobody notices?;1995-12-15 22:00:00;30 minutes;Stationary light turns off then on then remains in sky for the entire next day, but nobody notices? This sighting happened with a good friend of mine which I will not name.  He took me to Bassett to introduce me to a cousin of his for a possible date with her.   After some chatting with her and her father we decided to drive back to Ainsworth which is about 17 miles.   By the time we left her house it was dark with no moon visible. It was also a very clear, crisp December night with no wind, ( unusual for NE!!). On the way home I noticed an unusually bright star in the North West, more West than North.  The closer we came to town, the closer this light seemed to be.  It did not appear to move, and the closer to town we came, the higher up it appeared.  As if it were stationary and we were approaching it.   At the time we were about ¾’s of the way home I pointed this out to my friend and it sparked his curiosity.  We continued to watch it until we were 1 mile outside of Ainsworth.  At that time I asked him if he would turn off onto a country road leading north.  He did, and we drove 1 mile north, turned back West and drove about ¼ mile then stopped. We sat with the pickup running and observed this bright light in the sky for about 30 seconds.  We were the only vehicle on the road since this is a very rural area.  At our vantage point, the only other lights in our immediate area were distant yard lights and the other stars in the sky, not to mention the soft glow from town.  He mentioned that it looked like a light from a helicopter searchlight and I agreed, it looked like it was about 500 feet up and about ½ mile to the Northwest of us.  It was at this moment that he shut off the pickup and the lights.   About 1 second after he killed the lights, the light in the sky literally turned off!  We sat there stunned for about 1 minute looking at where it had been, we started to see a light again, but it was faint.  It grew brighter and brighter until it was as bright as it was before.  I rolled down my window to see if I could hear an engine or something, but it was dead silent. My friend got very nervous and said, We’re gettin’ the hell out of here!  He started up the pickup turned on the lights and high-tailed it to town.  We both lived in town at the time, so he dropped me off, didn’t say a word about it and he went home.  He still lives here and hasn’t said anything about that night since then.  I was honestly still a little freaked out about it so I called the sheriff’s office to see if there were any reports about strange lights.  The dispatcher said there had been no reports.  I managed to lie down and get a little sleep that night, but when I woke at 6:30 the next morning the light was still in the sky, except it was more in the West.  It remained in the Westerly sky until I went to bed the next night and I have not seen it since then.   Some days, months, and years after I have asked certain close friends of mine if they saw anything unusual around that time, but none have admitted to seeing anything.  I don’t claim that this was an alien spacecraft, but it was the strangest thing I’ve ever seen, and I think I speak for my friend too.  Thanks for the opportunity to tell about my experience.;42.5394;-99.858
I wasn’t scared, just in awe.;2001-07-15 01:15:00;3 minutes;I wasn’t scared, just in awe It was a bright light, brighter than any plane or star and it was lined up strangely on the very bottom of the tail of the Big Dipper.  It appeared to give the Big Dipper a way extra long handle. It stood out and stopped me in my tracks as I am a outdoors type and know that star constellation well.  Then the light started traveling towards me in a broken jagged manner yet a straight line at the same time.  It kept stopping and going, when it’d stop I could see huge beams of light extending out the sides like wide spotlights, the object seemed to be rotating-calibrating?  I could make out a vague outline of a craft it got quite near above me yet hundreds or thousands of feet high.  It stopped, rotated, moved towards me and shot straight up and was gone in less than a second.  It never made a sound.  30 miles northwest of ainsworth on the niobrara at a campsite.;42.5394;-99.858
Bright blue light covered sky on clear night while driving on highway.;2004-03-20 00:15:00;2-3 seconds;Bright blue light covered sky on clear night while driving on highway. As we were driving along a stretch of rural highway, all of a sudden, a blue light covered the sky above us in all directions.  It was almost as if someone had turned the lights on up above us.  Its short duration first made us think it was lightning, however, a closer look at the sky showed that there were no clouds.  The sky was perfectly clear and the stars were shining bright.  We pulled over about a mile later and got out to look things over.  We didn't see anything above us but stars.  No moving lights at all.  It definitely freaked us out as this was the first time anything like this has happened to us.;42.5394;-99.858
Bright white light, about 5 times brighter/bigger than the brightest star at night, north of Ainsworth.;2012-03-05 22:00:00;4-5 seconds;Bright white light, about 5 times brighter/bigger than the brightest star at night, north of Ainsworth. Sitting outside. Looked up and saw a bright white light, about 5 times brighter/bigger than the brightest star at night.  North of Ainsworth.   Seemed to be falling in slow motion then flashed and disappeared.  I noticed a similar sighting one here. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.5394;-99.858
