Strange lights over Ainsworth, NE, 2007;2007-08-18 23:00:00;2 seconds;Strange lights over Ainsworth, NE, 2007 The obeject came from North to South as I glanced up. I watched it for the two seconds that I saw it. When I saw it, it was not something that I have seen before. That was why it captured my attention. It was a triangle shape, but it was dark so the triangle shape was configured by conecting the red lights produced by the object. If I knew how to draw this shape I would but I can't on the computer so just know that it looked almost like the publicised Arizona Lights, only it looked farther away. It looked liked it was at the same altitude as a passenger jet. But it was moving much faster. It didn't leave a trail like meteor, and it didn't look like it was on fire. What could it be? The red lights where in configuration of, five lights coming to a vee and two lights occupying the wide space of the vee.;42.5394;-99.858
Three objects that are silent and unexplainable;2008-09-25 03:30:00;30 seconds;Three objects that are silent and unexplainable I woke up and could not go back to sleep. I went outside to smoke a cigarette, while I was outside, I noticed a bright light in the NorthWest sky travelling East. I watched it for about 10 seconds, until I saw, out of the corner of my eye, a dark shape moving South at a slow speed. It appeared to be shaped like a vee, but no lights and no sound. It traveled South for about 2 or 3 seconds from when I sighted it to when a tree blocked my sight. This object seemed to be about the same height that a  small propeller driven airplane would be, and travelled about twice as fast. Then about 3 weeks later, I was out at about 5:30 or so in the morning. I saw an object travelling South. This object was the same shape as the vee, only it had lights. One light was in the center, while the other four were equaldistantly spaced outward on the vee. These lights appeared to be on the rear side of the object, as it was moving away from me and the dark shape of the vee was in front of the lights. I should mention that the lights were not bright, in fact they blended in with the starlight all around quite well. The object, when I saw it, was at about a 45 degree angle for about 2 seconds. Then it leveled off and went south for about 2 seconds until that same tree obscured my view again. Once again, there was no sound. This is very strange to me, since two sightings happened so close together at the same location, and pretty much the same time of day. What is it? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.5394;-99.858
