CRAZY UFO ENCOUNTER i was outside having a ciggarette about 9:20pm and kinda daydreaming and gazing off to the south. I see a orange gl;2012-09-23 21:20:00;15 minutes;CRAZY UFO ENCOUNTER i was outside having a ciggarette about 9:20pm and kinda daydreaming and gazing off to the south.  I see a orange glowing orb moving from east to west heading towards this little bar called Sluggers.  My house is about 3/4 mile away from the bar (as the crow flies),Didnt think too much of it right away because My house is kinda near a flight path for Waukesha Cty Airport. Thoughht maybe it was a light for an airplane or whatever until it made a complete stop RIGHT OVER the top of the tree line.  It was a pretty quiet and dark night. The craft or &quotorb&quot hovered there for about 20 or so seconds and then a huge bright yellow/whiteish light emmited from the craft/orb. It was so bright that anyone looking in that dirrection couldnt have missed it. there was absolutly no noise or ground vibrations that you would nomally feel and hear from a low flying helicopter, and the tree tops remained motionless. the large bright light shined for quite some time and then shut off. as s! oon as that light turned off two more lights , i think they were red and white, started blinking. this may sound weird to most people but it was almost like this firey orange glowing orb turned into a helicopter. It was too dark out to see what it &quotmorphed&quot into, but i think it was trying to mimic a regular aircraft or something...after this thing got done doing what ever it was doing, it continued to travel west with the two lights still blinking. that was by far the weirdest sight that ive ever seen. i will keep my eyes posted in the night sky everytime i go outside now. i couldnt believe i saw that. its something that ya here about from time to time but to experiance it was somethin else.  If anyone reading this and is from my area, please make a report of it so i can stop thinking that im loosing my mind  KEEP YOUR EYES TO THE SKY...THESE THINGS MAY LOOK LIKE YOUR EVERYDAY HELICOPTERS AFTER THEY GET DONE CHANGING THERE FORM. REMEMBER THAT THEY HAVE NO SOUND AND THEY TRAVEL QUITE SLOW ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  We wonder whether this might be a hoax.  Date indicated by witness was flawed.  PD));43.1171999999999;-88.3446000000003
UFO sightings every day in Hartland WI;2012-10-15 00:30:00;8-10 minutes;UFO sightings every day in Hartland WI UFO visible almost EVERY NIGHT in Hartland WI for the last 30 days.  Something big is about to kick off.  I have seen so many strange sightings in the sky lately that I dont even get worked up when they occur.  ANYONE can come to Hartland WI any day of the week and spot a supernatural event happen.   I went from having one sighting when i was 16 to having 30 sightings in 20 days.  You will need some binoculars and a video camera to zoom in on the objects because alot of the time they are kinda far away.  I had one sighting in Augest where UFO's lit up the sky.   First I saw One, then Two, and before my brain could process what the hell was going on there must have been 20+.  I was as froze as a statue, mezmorized by the pequeliar event.  I couldnt even imagine dreaming about something like that, let alone experiance it first hand in my own driveway.  I have 3 videos on youtube.  My user name is dollaab.  One video is called strange UFO and here is a link to a dif one: http://youtu.be/PuRGApEFhWM.  from there you can easily access my other vids by having a youtube acct and suscribing to my page.   Everyone needs to report there sightings.  Then we will really see the confusing reality.   Stay safe and always bring a camera with. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.1171999999999;-88.3446000000003
