THEY WENT CRAZY;2003-09-19 16:00:00;4 0r 5 minutes;One the date stated me and my father were working in the yard. I am sort-of a big UFO fan and I often search the sky. I looked up and saw what was eather an oval or circular shaped craft. Not paying much attention to the craft, I kept working. Then I started to hear strange noises. I looked up back at the craft and noticed it was sort-of joilting non-violently. And every time it joilted, it let out a very soft crackling noise. I looked back at my father, who was also staring at the craft. The lawn-mower had shut off, so the noise was definetly not the lawn-mower. Where we live it is very quiet and I don't think anything but that craft made the noise. One thing to keep in mind is, the airport we live next to is south of us, and the aircraft must fly low to land or takeoff. For the airport is so small. And this craft must have been at least 2000 feet in the air. It went behind small clouds, and it soon disappeared. I know alot about aircraft, and the distance it took for the craft to get as high as it did, is most almost impossible if not dangerous for the crew and passengers. The craft made small puffs of smoke every 15 seconds or so. Airplanes leave longer trails. Also, dogs won't bark at airplanes high in the air. Then why did they when this thing flew over.  THEY WENT CRAZY. If there has been any other sightings like this please e-mail me at ((e-address deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.8129;-91.1145
One the date stated me and my father were working in the yard. I am sort-of a big UFO fan and I often search the sky. I looked up and;2003-09-19 16:00:00;4 0r 5 minutes;One the date stated me and my father were working in the yard. I am sort-of a big UFO fan and I often search the sky. I looked up and saw what was eather an oval or circular shaped craft. Not paying much attention to the craft, I kept working. Then I started to hear strange noises. I looked up back at the craft and noticed it was sort-of joilting non-violently. And every time it joilted, it let out a very soft crackling noise. I looked back at my father, who was also staring at the craft. The lawn-mower was not on, so the noise was definetly not the lawn-mower. Where we live it is very quiet and I don't think anything but that craft made the noise. One thing to keep in mind is, the airport we live next to is south of us, and the aircraft must fly low to land or takeoff. For the airport is so small. And this craft must have been at least 2000 feet in the air. It went behind small clouds, and it soon disappeared. I know alot about aircraft, and the distance it took for the craft to get as high as it did, is most almost impossible if not dangerous for the crew and passengers. Also, dogs won't bark at airplanes high int he air. Then why did they when this thing flew over. THEY WENT CRAZY. Please e-mail me if there has been anything else like this. Thank You. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));30.8129;-91.1145
