30 red balls seen twice;2010-06-27 12:00:00;15 minutes;30 red balls seen twice My 2 step brothers and I where fishing at the old Boonedocks lake behind the Crystal Flash off of I65 area.  We parked at the new Anson townhomes subdivision and walked in the backway to the lake.  Me and one of my step brothes walked to the car at about midnight to grab some stuff, he said WOW! Look at that. I seen up to 30 red or orange lights spreading apart.  I couldn't believe my eyes I had to walk closer they were I would guess no more than 500 feet up. I rubbed my eyes I though they where red lights like on the top of electrical poles, BUT they where moving.  After they spread apart One buy one they either dissipated or headed REAL fast east towards carmel.  I then proceeded to call the Boone County Sheriff. I said  I really don't know if I wanna gice my name or even report this incident but I just seen something wierd SHE PROCEEDED TO SAY   Was it the red lights' needless to say I was pretty freaked out.  I said yes, and gave her my description, and told ! her i was freaked , she said an officer at the crystal flash seen them and pretty much gave her the exact report.  We went back to fishing needless to say our other stepbrother really didn't believe us.  My other witness said that when he seen it first it was like a line, or possibly a triangle, and when it spread apart he said it made a geometric pattern or design that he could connect with lines.   Then I got a call at 12:15 from the police.  She told me she called the airport and the military, nothing is going on but there was one plane somewhere in the area.  And the officer that seen it wanted to file a report with the military and the initernational airport police,  And wanted to use my name. I gave themm permission.  We didnt get a bite all night kinda wierd.  We left at 2:45 when we got back to our vehicle to our surprise there was 2 red lights in the sky! NOW WE ALL have seen them .  PLUS others where emitting from the ground which could not have been more than 5 miles away.  They had white almost emulsions then would turn into the balls! of ligh ts.  Each one would come up , then towards us ,then sit for a minute, then fade away straight north.  I called the police during this action which went on for up to 15 minutes they would not even harldy talk to me I asked if anyone else is reporting this they went blank, and flat told me there is nothing we can do we had to have seen all 30 of them coming up but only around 10 of them would be there at once before another would be moving north and fading away.  I think they were right over zionsvile and within a quarter mile of us. It felt REAL CLOSE.  I tried to take a pic with my cell phone but it didnt show up. After wards we talked for a while thinkn no one will believe us.  BUT if anyone else seen what I seen PLEASE let it be known.  Especially that cop.  So Im still kinda freaked. its the wierdest thing Ive ever seen . Thinkn about goin back next saturday around midnight or a little earlier.   Let you know if i see anything. IF I COULD HELP IN ANYWAY CONTACT ME THX.;39.9573;-86.277
