Faint Sphere/Saucer travelling South became more difficult to see, vanished, and left a greenish-white streak in the sky for a second.;2013-09-14 06:00:00;50 seconds;Faint Sphere/Saucer travelling South became more difficult to see, vanished, and left a greenish-white streak in the sky for a second. I was looking at the Stars, as I do sometimes at Night. It was about 6AM early Saturday Morning. I was up, about to go to Sleep. I looked outside a North Window, looking NW. There was a Plane, with the Red & Green Markers heading towards Indy. And then, I noticed something strange:  Just further to the North, there was a Tiny, very dim object moving South. I was very faint, and I could just tell it was White to Light-Grey in Color. At first, I watched it, expecting it to have some Blinking-Lights as all Aircraft do. And yet, it never did flash even Once! I went over to a West Window, to keep it in view. It became even more faint, increasing in Altitude as it traveled further South. It suddenly vanished for a second, and the reappeared, possibly leaving the Atmosphere. And then something very astonishing happened: The object reappeared slightly for a fraction of a second, then disappeared entirely. At that point, a very faint streak of greenish-white light appeared ahead of where the object was moving toward. Sort of like how a Space Ship goes to light-speed in Science-Fiction shows. I continued to search for signs of the object further in the sky. I couldn't find anything. I was in shock of what I saw, not because it's impossible, but because I have never seen anything like it in the Skies. I shed a tear, and something came to mind as a Thought just appeared in my head. That they know what is happening to our Planet. I have been watching the Skies for years, and know allot about Astronomy. I have seen many Fireballs, which are basically Meteors on fire. I know the difference from a Star, and a moving object. I know that Aircraft have Lights, and that they Flash repeatedly. I have seen Helicopters, which appear not to flash until they pass a certain point in the Sky. What I saw not only didn't flash, but it wasn't lit-up at all. And it was much fainter than anything I've ever witnessed in the night skies. This could have been a Spacecraft launched from Earth [Manned], or a craft not from this world. Being that this came from far North of Indianapolis, there is no launch-site for manned rockets around Northern Indiana. Not even Michigan. Maybe Canada? Because I cannot Identify this as a Known Aircraft or Meteor/Fireball, I must report this as a UFO. And the very FIRST one I have seen in my entire life.  *I would like to add, that nobody was around at the time I witnessed this. There was no Traffic in my neighborhood, no one walking around outside. I seemed as if this would be the perfect time for such an object or craft to be high in the atmosphere. Perfect, so that it had the least chance of being caught. I realized this, and I knew I was the only one up. Early Saturday morning, after every business including Bars & Clubs are closed, would be the perfect time to have something like this in the sky. It was faint enough, that if someone was driving, they wouldn't see it. *Also - This Object did NOT leave a visible trail, but it DID leave a faint Streak after it vanished for a brief moment. This streak was only visible for a split-second, then disappeared.;39.9573;-86.277
I noticed a bright white light originated from the northwest, moving quickly to the northeast.;2017-09-08 21:41:00;20 seconds;It's a clear cool night. I was letting the dog out in front of house and looked at the stars. I noticed a bright white light originated from the northwest moving quickly to the northeast. It moved at a constant urgent speed it began brighter than a bright star, and as it traveled, it went bright to dim and smaller until not visible. Like a passing ball would seem bigger as it got closer and then smaller as it got further away. It made no sounds and no trails.;39.9573;-86.277
