I saw a saucer shaped craft that defied aerodynamiccs as we know it.;1977-06-10 20:00:00;30 Minutes;I saw a saucer shaped craft that defied aerodynamiccs as we know it. My wife,daughter,niece and myself were at the twin drive in theaters in Stockton,Ca.in 1977 to see the remake of the movie King Kong.I had seen the original made in the 30's and was looking forward to seeing this one with all its special effects.The screen we would see the movie on was facing west.Dusk approached and the theater started its advertising.Get your fresh popcorn,drinks,etc..At that time I was working at the Stockton Airport,employed by San Joaquin County.As a kid I had always loved airplanes and it was a treat to work at a place where you could talk to pilots and people interested in aviation.Some people never look up at the sky but for some reason if I'm outdoors I'm always scanning.I saw a craft coming from the west heading southeast.At first I thought it was just a small airplane.I noticed some lights but they were not compatible with any aircraft I had seen.My interest turned from the movie I really wanted to see to something in the sky.At some point I mentioned it to my wife,daughter,and niece.They were somewhat absorbed in the movie which is logical.We didn't come there to watch the night sky.I became totally involved watching this craft which skirted the drive in and seemed to be heading over downtown Stockton,Ca.I remember saying I bet the guys in the tower (Airport) are looking at this thing.They didn't have radar back then but it wasn't a busy airport.They had lots of time to observe visually and check out things with binoculars.I kept watching from my car while the movie proceeded.This craft after awhile seemed to be coming back our way.I got out of the car when I realized it was coming directly over us.I was scared because at some point during this event I knew what I was seeing was something I had not seen before.A totally silent craft,extremely slow moving,with confusing lights.I watched it come directly over us,maybe 200 feet or less.This was not some streak of light or a blur you might have problems seeing.It passed right over our heads.A saucer shaped craft.Maybe 50 feet in diameter.It seemed to consist of two sections or if not rotating lights that flashed at it revolved gave that impression.They were bright white that went alternately off and on as the craft revolved.I just stood there in awe as it passed silently overhead.My wife and the kids witnessed it also...I thought the next day the local paper would have some unusual headlines.Not a word.Not a word from any news source.No one at the airport tower mentioned it.No on at the drive in got out of their car as I did...What did we see? A US top secret aircraft flying over downtown Stockton.This was not the Nevada desert.Whoever controlled this craft cared not who saw it...Which brings up the most perplexing question to me.Did anyone else see it at all? And how could they not?..I am 60 yearw old now.I have a family and grandkids.I am retired from the Army National Guard.My word is my bond.I would neve lie about anything like this nor would my family.I have no reason to.I have told this stories to numerous friends.My real fiends believe me.Others scoff and roll their eyes.My nature is not to jump on any bandwagon.I am very skeptical about any eye witness report.Ten people can describe an object ten different ways.Nuts and kooks abound.I saw what I saw.My family saw it.It proves nothing.That is my story. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.9757431072212;-121.306174617068
stockton ca. 7/10/82 ufo seen after sunday evening church services.;1982-08-10 07:30:00;3 minutes;stockton ca. 7/10/82 ufo seen after sunday evening church services. It was evening on a Sunday I was 10 years old. I had just gotten out of church services. my mom, myself, a friend, and the elderly couple we were riding with saw this craft at the same time. One of them looked up and saw it. Then they pointed it out to the rest of us. It flew in. it the descended some in alltitude. It hovered for two minutes, the ascende back to it's original alltitude and flew off. Before this,I did not believe in flyning saucers or UFOs even though i was just a kid then. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness indicates both July, and August, 1982.  PD));37.9757431072212;-121.306174617068
round bright craft seen  after sunday evening church services;1982-08-10 19:30:00;two minutes;round bright craft seen  after sunday evening church services it was in the evening, about 7:30 or 8:00. i was with my mom, an old couple, and had a friend riding with us. it was on a sunday evening. we had just gotten out of church services when we all noticed a bright round craft flew in from the north and lowered it's altitude. it then hovered for two minutes. it then left and raised altitude. we spent time talking about it, my friend and i. the following wednsday, we told the church chior leader about it. he believed us but suggested it might be a helicopter, but my mom stated the altitude was to high for a helicopter. this the truth as far as i can remeber over the last twenty-one years. ((FOLLOW-UP REPORT FROM SAME WITNESS)) Craft seen in the eveing after Sunday evening church services. I reported this before. There was some things I wanted to add to my report. My mom, a friend, an elderly couple we were riding with, and myself saw this craft. It came in from the north, lowered it's altitude which had probably been 100,000 ft. to 80,000ft. It hovered for two minutes, then raised back to 100,000 ft., and then flew south and just disappeared. We had just gotten out of Sunday evening church services and had seen this object talking as I stated before. My friend and I talked about it afterward, saying it back to outer space. I was only a kid at the time, eleven years old to be exact, while I believed in life on other planets and in Bigfoot, I did not believe in u.f.o.s until I saw this craft. It was saucer shaped, and was just a bright round object, white in color. We told the church choir director about it the follownig Wednsday, who asked if it was a helicopter, but my mom pointed out it was too high altitude for a helicoptor. I had wanted to tell all this before to this agency but was pressed for time the last time I did this. This is not a cheap gag, nor a tall tale. This is the truth as well as I can remember over the last twenty-one years. The adults were straight laced. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.9757431072212;-121.306174617068
Saucer hovers three stories above car, lights around rim, no sound,;2000-07-01 19:00:00;15 minutes;Saucer hovers three stories above car, lights around rim, no sound, Suddenly there was a huge gray saucer with colored lights around the rim that flashed circularly around it.  It was coming down lower and lower and closer to the car lower than the 3 story Pac Bell building on March Lane.  It seemed as wide as the goodyear  blimp.  I was cutting behind the building to get to the aparment complex next door.  I rolled down the window to hear a motor and it was completely silent.  That was when i got scared.  The car almost stalled.  At that point I panicked and prayed to God that we not get taken up as I have heard that happens to people.  I checked my clock to make sure no time would had been lost.  I took my adult friend and her 2 children home (in the complex) and then raced back home.  When I got home I went to my backyard and could see it in a distance moving toward UOP.  I was also shocked at the boldness of it moving so slowly and so low.  My back yard was on Brookside Road at the levy.  I watched my clock and arrived home without losing any time.  I was stunned to the point of not seeming able to speak about it and my friend was as well.    A couple of years later I brought it up and asked her and her children exactly what they saw and it was the same.  Just recently I have felt able to tell others.   I still cannot even believe we saw it and I really do believe  that had I not prayed we would have been taken up.  I am now a 55 year old woman and at the time was managing properties in Stockton for a developer out of Roseville.  I had been with them for close to 3 years.  I am a professional woman and at that time my children were enrolled in private school.  My friend was in her late 20's at the time and  the  children were 10 and 8 years old.  Neither of us used drugs or alchohol.  Needless to say it was very frightening and I still look over my shoulder in  fear.  When I was about 6 years old I had seen a saucer very low moving fast across the horizon in Bay City, Michigan.;37.9757431072212;-121.306174617068
Flying saucers seen in Stockton.;2014-11-16 19:00:00;10 minutes;Flying saucers seen in Stockton. Late at night, dogs in neighborhood were barking up a storm, went outside to check what was going on.  Shined flashlight around property and couldn't see anything.   Went back inside to relax, and all dogs started going crazy again, look out window and see these three objects with lights on them flying around neighborhood.   At first my wife thought it was a helicopter or airplane so I watched it and I know how a helicopter and airplane look and what kind of lights they have and how long it takes for them to accelerate I to air.  So I waited and watched these things go up in the sky and  accelerate and go up fast and disappear in the sky not like an airplane or a helicopter.   Then about  3 minutes later I went out to sit on front porch they came out of nowhere again and hovered over our neighborhoods house across the way from us, I used my binoculars this time and see a saucer shaped flying object with red lights around it like a ring a glass shaped top and silver color type ship, watched it about  30 seconds, then it drifted up in sky again and disappeared.;37.9757431072212;-121.306174617068
2 disk shaped objects drop from the skyline vertical and accelerate horizontal to the clouds.;2016-11-13 00:00:00;3 seconds;2 disk shaped objects drop from the skyline vertical and accelerate horizontal to the clouds. I stimmediat of the house to get an item from the vehicle and observed chem trails in front of me.  I immediately grabbed my phone and started to describe what I was seeing.  I gave my best explanation of what I was seeing.   About a week later, I was viewing the clip with a a friend and discovered for just a fraction of a second there was a blip on the screen.  I took several screen shots of the section.   I then enlarged the image to find 2 disk shaped objects drop from a spiraling vertical and accelerate southwest below the clouds over the horizon. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.9757431072212;-121.306174617068
