Change from a rectangle to a old screaming 707 airliner balactica;1981-08-01 20:00:00;30 minutes;change from a rectangle to a old screaming 707 airliner balactica June 22, 2012 In the summer of august 1981, my wife and son were traveling in the area of Stockton airport Stockton California. When we saw a bright light to the east above the horizon about 15 deg the size of the light was twice that of a landing light of a common commercial airliner.  It was about 70 miles away from us.  I worked for a major airline at the time. So I know what a large transporter would look like. So I deceited to park at the end of the run way and watch a touch and go of aircraft because pilots from major airlines use Stockton airport to training.  Anyhow as the craft approached the control area I figured that the aircraft would do a regular base and final approach,  and touch and go but what happen was this.  The craft was at the same height as the control tower and it looked like the ship was going to crash into the control tower and went on the other side of the tower and across the small aircraft hangars still heading west. As its approached us about 5 cars were a! t the end of the runway and we all got out of our cars and I saw the rectangle black metallic, with lights flashing all around it ufo approach us all going across the highway airport boulevard at 25 feet off the ground moving at a speed of 3 miles per hour. Very very slow its length of a football field, height 40 feet, width 75 feet. As it slowly move in front of all of us there was port holes of 3 where you can see being inside that resembled tall thin looking figures looking at us.  I had a strong flash light and I shined the light into the port hole and gave a delta sign with my light.  As the ship was in front of us a old type of Buick 1951 sedan black car approached the ship with a person inside it drivers side with looked like a man in black and he didn’t even see the ship.  He was gone after that.   We watch the ship make a long round approach into the delta for about 10 minutes.  After that I went to the control tower and reported a ufo as I was doing this other peo! ple were calling up the tower and reporting the same thing.  I! asked t he tower if any aircrafts had come into this area in the last 10-15 minutes and they said no aircraft came through at all.  It is impossible for the tower not to see the large spot light 70 miles away and than the tower high craft passing behind the tower.  After that we left the area a headed south on hwy 99 towards modest California and there we saw the bright light again. It had made a large circle around the the Stockton , Manteca, lathrope.   I saw it coming very fast and low maybe 30 feet .  I went under the over pass of Manteca 99 hwy and saw the ship change shape from a rectangle to a old 707 aircraft and screaming very low and very old looking battle ship.  We were shocked in its new appearance.  After that I went home and call blue book and reported it.  Many years later mufon people wanted to hear our story and put my wife and I under hipnotics because my wife said she saw  the ship at Stockton airport went on top of her and I saw it to the side.   That the story.;37.9757431072212;-121.306174617068
