a diamond-shaped, auburn-colored craft appeared in the sky and after traveling a very short distance, emitted 2 objects from either sid;1999-07-01 00:00:00;30 seconds;a diamond-shaped, auburn-colored craft appeared in the sky and after traveling a very short distance, emitted 2 objects from either side of it. I and 4 friends were traveling along the highway in search of the Brown Mountain Lights.  I was driving and my friend was next to me, with 2 passengers in the back.  From out of nowhere, an object appeared directly above and in front of us, and positioned itself in favor of the driver's side, but so that the passenger had full view as well. After a second or two of adjusting to the extraordinary event, I realized that the UFO was traveling the same distance/speed as we were, as if to keep up with us.  My impression now is that it wanted us to see it, as if it were there only for us to enjoy the light show.  The UFO was beautiful to me.  It wasn't exactly diamond-shaped, but more trapezoidal.  Geometrical and very angular.  It seemed to be hovering approximately 50 feet above us.  It was glowing a gorgeous, warm auburn, yellowish-brown color.  It was just beautiful and the feeling I get to this day is that it was showing off for only my friend and I, since the other 2 passengers had no idea that this was taking place.  After maybe 10 or 15 seconds of traveling a straight line with us, the UFO emitted 2 rays of light from either side of it, which shot out in different directions.  All 3 objects then disappeared.  I don't know how I managed to keep my eyes on the road for those 20 or so seconds because I can't imagine that I ever peeled my eyes off the spectacle.  The 2 passengers in the back had no idea anything took place.  I pulled over to the side of the road and my friend and I began sobbing in excitement.  I will mention here that I am certain this amazing event took place only because she was present.  She has extremely unstable energy and is an emotionally troubled person.  Her entire life has been plagued by poltergeists (which I'm sure are just psychokinetic irregularities she createsv) and out of the ordinary experiences.  This type of experience is not unusual for her, and I believe that I was given a gift of sorts to be able to see what I did.  I feel very strongly that whatever was prope! lling th at craft, was there because of my friend and to fulfill my life-long wish of seeing a UFO.;35.7329761224492;-81.7081293877551
