the triangle moved slowly above the trees moving from west to east.the object did not make any noise.;2002-06-03 23:00:00;five min.;the triangle moved slowly above the trees moving from west to east.the object did not make any noise. My fiance and I had just returned from out of state and we were unpacking the car.Iwent back outside to retrieve the rest of our belongings when I noticed a triangle shaped object. The object was just above the tree line and moving west/east direction.I could see the shape very well because we did not have a street light outside of the residence and it was a clear night.The object also had lights on each end of it and they were not blinking.My first thought wasthats a strange looking airplane!.I also noticed that for it to be flying so low it was not making the noise you would expect to hear from an airplane.I did not tell my fiance what i had seen that night and started having bad dreams for the duration of time we stayed there,now we live elsewhere.my fiance served in the military and when  I told him about what I had seen he thought it sounded like a stealth fighter but he sayed he couldn't understand why a stealth fighter would be flying in that area.We do not believe anyone else saw this because we lived in a some what remote area.;35.7329761224492;-81.7081293877551
Triangle object with blue lights traveling at speeds that could not be a plane or anything man-made in the sky above interstate I-40.;2012-01-20 19:42:00;3 sec;Triangle object with blue lights traveling at speeds that could not be a plane or anything man-made in the sky above interstate I-40. I was driving home on interstate and it was dark out, not alot of traffic, and something caught my eye slightly infront of me and in the sky.  Couldn't have been a plane or anything man-made, no way possible. It had blue lights under/on it and was shaped like a triangle (My best guess), I have never in my life seen anything take off or move this fast.  It was at about a 5000 ft ceiling. No sound, however it had to be going faster than the sound barrier, much faster.  I slowed down as much as I could without wrecking my car and followed it with my eyes as far as I could.  It went from left to right in the sky (North to South) in a matter of seconds, It was gone just as It became visible.  Nothing man-made could ever travel that fast without the right technology.  No trails, no sound (windows were down the entire time), just lights and a blur. FAST! bright flash in bellingham area. A flash of light lit my whole house. My dog freaked out.  At the same time a friend who lives 15 miles away witnessed this same light and his dog freaked out aswell.  I was wondering if anyone else noticed this.  I have never seen a UFO and don't nessasarly beleive in them, but I can not think of another explaination.  My girlfriend has witnessed a similar occurance.  Winter lighting??? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.7329761224492;-81.7081293877551
