The object I saw was a round ball of light, it did not blink nor make a sound.;2017-09-23 19:00:00;15 seconds;The object I saw was a round ball of light, it did not blink nor make a sound. Tonight, around dusk, I was feeding my cats, when I looked up to the sky and saw a round object.  It was a solid ball of light.  No colors just a bright light.   It moved slow and emitted no sound.  As it got closer, I looked down for a split second, looked back up and it was gone.  The sky was clear, there were no clouds for it to go behind. I am a housewife from Southeastern, Ky.;37.1214;-83.2539
Last night 2 of us were laying on a blanket under the stars, the sky was so clear, we first saw a few sporadic shooting stars then all;2020-07-15 00:00:00;5 minutes, an hour;Last night 2 of us were laying on a blanket under the stars, the sky was so clear, we first saw a few sporadic shooting stars then all of a sudden there was what seemed like one, but it was so bright! It lasted way longer than any shooting star and the top of the thing was long and slender and burning so bright it looked almost blue with a reddish tail.  So magnificent! Immediately after that there were several (at least 6) craft of some kind that looked exactly like stars and had been stationary up to that point that in unison, from different places that scattered away from that area.  There are always these lights in the sky that have a steady light, nothing blinking and with no sound, that look exactly like stars, same size, same color, everything, but last night it's like they all wanted to get away from whatever had just happened.  Something appeared to fall off the shooting, glowing object, it seemed like some kind of malfunction instead of a shooting star.  From nowhere I see an airplane leaving the area as well.  I've never witnessed anything like that and I'm always looking at the sky. After that, the sky was so alive, there were those lil things moving all about and blinking lights, twinkling stars, just so much movement.  My dog was barking like crazy, the way he does when someone strange comes around.  I'd love to know what was going on. I'm so glad I was able to witness it with someone else! Wow!;37.1214;-83.2539
