Four red crosses/X's flying east to west @ unknown altitude and speed.;2014-02-02 20:00:00;5 minutes;Four red crosses/X's flying east to west @ unknown altitude and speed. On 02/02/2014 @ 20:00 hrs I was on our back deck of our house looking NE.  I saw a red looking cross / X in the sky coming over the tree line @ 65 to 70 degrees from me.  It was either gaining in altitude or entering clouds.  The direction it was heading was due west.  A second red cross/X appeared seconds later a few degrees south of the first one. This one passed the first one on the north side.  Both of these red crosses/X’s appeared to be climbing in altitude or entering the upper clouds.  Through the tree line I could see two more red crosses/X’s appearing.  All four were heading due west.  I ran inside our house grabbed my Swarovski’s and asked my wife to come and look at these red crosses/X’s which she did.  It took me maybe 30 seconds to run inside and back out, by then only one red cross/X was visible with our eyes.  As I was looking through the binoculars at the fourth red cross/X it did not look red or like a cross/X, it had a yellowish looking l! ight/beam in the center and a hazy/aura on the outside of the light.  As this passed over head of me I continued following it using the binoculars.  The light was disappearing and then I could see it actually take shape which looked like a dark dome shaped canopy as I continued looking at it.  It was heading west, and looked like a large black umbrella moving across the sky.  These objects did not make any aircraft noise or any noise at all.  About 20 minutes after the four objects disappeared I heard aircraft flying overhead heading west. This whole process was 5 minutes in duration.  These four red lights were not blinking and were ten times larger than any aircraft lighting.  Viewed through binoculars the yellowish looking light was 5 times larger than any helicopter’s spot light.  Due to not knowing what altitude these units were at I am not sure how large they were.;46.9843;-123.7963
