Cylindrical craft crashes near Aberdeen WA;1981-06-15 22:00:00;1 hour;Cylindrical craft crashes near Aberdeen WA I am estimating the date and time of this event due to the amount of time that has passed. I do remember that it was shortly after I graduated high school (1980), and had landed a job at the local mall as a maintenance employee.  I remember leaving work and proceeding north through south Aberdeen, and had to stop at a red light before proceeding over the Chehalis river bridge. To my surprise, a long convoy of military vehicles was headed south over the bridge, pulling trailers, some covered with tarp, others obviously diesel generators, along with one truck pulling a piece of heavy equipment (bulldozer). I just thought there were military exercises taking place somewhere and thought nothing more about it.  Later that day, I heard local radio, reporting that a cylindrical shaped object was seen over interstate 5 near or at Olympia WA, and that the craft was headed West. This craft was witnessed by hundreds if not thousands of people already.  The craft was now reported by eye witness accounts to have been following State Route 12 West towards the coast. The craft was witnessed flying low, not very fast, and was on fire, but emitted no smoke and made no noise The craft was under some sort of control, as witnesses reported that it followed the highway, making turns to correct course.  It had flown over sparsely populated areas, and was later seen flying along highway 12, through the vicinity of Central Park, a outlying area East of Aberdeen, and again witnessed by hundreds, (motorists and residents of Central Park).  Before the craft entered the city of Aberdeen itself, it took a fairly large turn to the left, flying over Junction City, across the town of Cosmopolis, and was now headed South West towards Westport WA.  Witnesses reported the craft to have followed the Westport highway to the point of the Elk River bridge where it turned abruptly to the left, flying directly over the bridge and followed the Elk River South East where one witness reported it crashing with a white flash on the visi! ble hori zon.  The area of the crash is forest land accessible only by logging roads.   No explanation was given as to what it was by any Government agency.  Residents in the vicinity of the crash site reported that the military cordoned off the area and installed road blocks into the area denying any entry. Reports by residents, (rumors) that some of the teenage boys took dirt bikes out and rode as close as they could,”after already trying the roads and having been sent away by armed soldiers”, and hiking through the timber, where they reported seeing tree tops broke. They reported seeing a roughly 70 foot long cylindrical craft, lit by flood lights, with men moving about the craft in protective clothing, “obviously what the diesel generators were used for”. About 10 years later, while working another job, I had the opportunity to speak personally with one resident who lived in the area of the site, who was a fellow co-worker of mine. He told me, “one of those teenage boys on the dirt bikes was his”, and that many days after the event, “government sedans had stopped at many of the residents homes to ask what they had seen, and to not continue to spread rumors”. He also said that some residents had been “threatened to shut up or else”. This was big news for about a week in the area, but died out just like the rest. I recall my co-worker telling me that they flew the craft out, wrapped in canvas tarp towards the ocean slung under a sky crane helicopter. Weeks later, after many calls to the local authorities, the local radio reported that the government reported  that it had been a small airplane that crashed. Nothing more was ever reported, but to this day I believe what I saw (the convoy), and what the neighbors in the area saw to be true. I truly believe, if this was not a crash of a then new cruise missile, to be a craft from another place, and another Roswell, but due to the time and place, receive much less publicity. This incident happened in the evening, while I was working, my shift ending at 07:00AM, so the m! ilitary response was pretty rapid since the heavy equipment was assembled and in the area in less than 9 hours, as witnesses in Central Park were calling in reports to authorities around 22:00 hrs. Fort Lewis WA is less than 2 hrs from Aberdeen, and probably less than 3.5 hrs from the actual crash site. No other aircraft were reported in the air visually, with the stricken craft. All witnesses reported seeing flames emanating from the craft and they also reported that it made no engine noises, or any noise at all. If it was a cruise missile it would have been emitting sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));46.9843;-123.7963
