I noticed unusual lights coming from down the hill, over the Wishkah River, about half a mile away from the house.;2015-07-28 23:00:00;12 minutes;At 23:00 hours I took my dog outside for her nightly duty.  When I opened my basement door to let her out I noticed unusual lights coming from down the hill, over the Wishkah River, about half a mile away from the house.  I paused to try to figure out what they were coming from.  The thing was not moving or was moving very slowly, which got my attention rather quickly.  I thought to myself, “This can't be what I think it is, can it?”  I immediately ran back into the basement to grab my phone/camera to try to grab a picture.  By the time I got back out with the phone, it was floating up the hill, next to my house.  By the time I did all the necessary touching to get the camera working,  I missed the best angle and could only get the tail end as it was heading farther up the hill.  There were no wings, no signs of it being a balloon shape, as in a blimp and it made no sound until it was heading up the hill, when I heard a strange noise like a small generator motor going.  Not nearly enough to power an engine, transmission, or rotor, etc.  It actually reminded me of an old movie, the Absent Minded Professor, who drove around in a car powered by Flubber (no joke).  I had a close look at the side and partial front end, through the trees that next to my house—tall Hemlocks.  It was only about 150 feet or less from where I was standing.  It was shaped like a modern flat bottomed yacht or large party boat.  It was approximately the size of 4 to 6 transit buses bunched together.  About 30 to 40 feet long.  The front had huge window that sloped downward and had dividers between the window panels.  The front end was rounded 180 degrees and the panels were emitting red and orange light.  The windows looked like they were about 6' long, from top to bottom and maybe 3' wide.  The slope appeared to be about 20' inward on the bottom.  The top of the craft, above the windows had a structure but I was not able to get a clear enough view to see how tall it was.  The bottom also had a structure to it that ! appeared to be flat and went down about 6'.  As it went up the hill, I could see the back end, which was emitting bright white lights on either side, that appeared to be outlining the shape of the rear quarter panels.  Needless to say, I had trouble calming down that night.  I came up with a possible connection to the area and the craft as I was trying to sleep.  The old naval base, at Pacific Beach, had recently been designated the center for Electronic Warfare Games.   The kicker to the story is that I had just finished my MUFON Investigator Test that afternoon.  I thought, what are the odds?  Also, I did get a picture of the rear of the craft as it floated up the hill.;46.9843;-123.7963
