Near invisible blue wing, silent, ever so subtle glow.;2011-12-02 21:10:00;1 minute;near invisible blue wing, silent, ever so subtle glow. I am a 39 year old white male, military veteran, platoon leader, fantastic eyesight.  College degree.  I am a business development executive in the technology industry for many years now.  Have never filed a report like this before. Tonight, a little over an hour ago, I was standing in my driveway with my neighbor and my 6 year old son.  We had a small fire going in a fire ring at the end of my driveway, and were standing around it.  It was chilly tonight, but the sky was crystal clear, not a cloud in sight, a thousand stars, and a half moon somewhat low in the sky.  A nice night to hang out with a neighbor. I looked up at the stars from my vantage point.  I was facing southeast, the moon was to my right slightly, my eye caught movement and was not immediately identified, but after a few seconds of trying to triangulate at what had caught my attention, I noticed an occlusion of stars in a somewhat broad chevron v shaped pattern, moving forward as you would naturally envision a chevron flying.  Soon after, I also discerned a slight, very dim light blue glue surrounding the chevron, and the chevron was an ever so subtle different shade of black than the surrounding night sky.  It was close, it had no lights or strobes or anything. It was very hard to see. But it was unquestionably there. It made no noise.  It appeared to be at a height of at least 10,000 feet, and possibly as high as 50,000 feet, it appeared to be moving at about 500 mph, directly south.  It could have been a little bigger than a 747, or an aircraft carrier, depending on how high it was. The glow was what really freake! d me out. I tracked it for a short time, but it faded with light from the moon as it neared that body in the night sky. I commented to my neighbor and my son that I had just seen a UFO, and laughed. I described it to them, they both looked up, but it was long gone. I told my wife when I came in. I have no evidence, no proof, but I don't make up stories on this stuff, nor am I a UFO nut. I am open minded. Perhaps it was an air force secret plane. All I know is that it was very weird. Additional information.  We live under a major air traffic lane of aircraft flying southeast from Philly, New York, Boston, Europe.  We see aircraft flying all the time, in a very predictable pattern, with aircraft I easily identify. The sighting was not in this pattern, nor was it a commercial or military aircraft. This was not normal.;39.5331663636364;-76.3434281818181
