Light shot in N to SW direction over US 131 in a millisecond.  Skies were cloudy and no stars were visible.;2017-11-26 18:45:00;Seconds;Light shot in North to Southwest direction over US 131 in a millisecond.   Skies were cloudy and no stars were visible.   Couldn't have been shooting star but moved as quickly as one.;43.058;-85.69
Around 12 am is when i first noticed outside of my window, I’m on the second story of my house and my window looks out north towards Sp;2020-02-07 01:30:00;2;Around 12 am is when i first noticed outside of my window, I’m on the second story of my house and my window looks out north towards Sparta. I was smoking a cigarette and blowing the smoke out of the window when the light caught my eye. There is a phone tower around 40 miles that i can see from my house and it has a red light that flashes.From about the same distance but 10 miles to the right of that, I saw a red light that had flashes of green. It looked like the red was rotating around the green light to make an orb shape. I honestly really didn’t think anything of it at first but then i kept watching it and it sat there hovering for about 3-4 minutes. Eventually the light just went out. I left my bedroom at that point and really didn’t think anything of it. I went back into my bedroom at 1:15AM to smoke another cigarette, and I was looking out my window to see if i could spot it again. That’s when i saw it again but this time a lot farther away. It was to! wards Battle Creek. I observed it for about 25 minutes, it was moving side to side and going up and down. I spotted it pretty quickly from red and green lights but it was so far away that it was easy to miss. I watched it slowly move towards the northeast. It was moving up and down and side to side. This is the second time I’ve seen an unidentified object in Comstock Park. The first time i was convinced it was a ufo because of the size of the ship and the tracks it left behind. The tracks dissipated in about 10 seconds. This time I’m not sure what I saw because i got to observe it for so long. I can tell you I’ve never seen anything like it though. I’ve never seen something in an orb shape hover in the sky with that light pattern. I am a 21 year old sober man who is in relatively good shape. I have no history of mental illness.;43.058;-85.69
