blazing sphere across the southern sky from 1982;1982-10-01 22:10:00;3 to 4 minutes;blazing sphere across the southern sky from 1982 I was 16 or 17 years old the time of this event. It was a clear October night around 22:10 and I was walking home from a friends house alone. Where I lived there were not street lights so it was pretty dark. The majority of the walk was towards the east. When I got to a point that I had to turn South, I noticed an abnormal amount of barking dogs. MUCH more than normal. I could tell the difference in the dogs barking at me and something else. There were dogs 3 streets over in all directions going crazy. More like, howling and whining than anything else. Some were barking at me I could tell but it sounded like dogs from 1/2 a mile away were going nuts. There were no cars driving around either. As I turned to the South, a large fireball caught my eye in the Southern Sky. It was moving West to East about 60 degrees off the horizon at a relatively slow pace. It looked like a small sun with a fat tail behind it that went to a point very quickly. As I was staring at it, 8 smaller spheres relative in size to the original ball split off from the larger ball and just sort of drifted behind it. The smaller spheres sort of exploded off the large sphere in all directions except in the front of it. I watched this whole thing as I walked slowly home. The spheres never changed speed but it was a constant quick pace across the southern sky. I was able to view this event until the speres disapeared over the eastern horizon. As soon as I couldn't see it anymore, the barking stopped. I could hear my two dogs as well since I was close to home. I told my friends about it and of course I was crazy, making things up. One of my sisters friends said her boyfriend at the time was driving south on another road about 5 miles away and pulled over along with 6 other cars to observe the same thing I was seeing. I was told it was a meteorite but to this day it was something that is unexplained or unidentified. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  We would like to invite the other witnesses to submit reports, as well.  PD));42.9468;-83.817
Orange fireballs resolving into something solid after slowing down.;2010-08-30 09:40:00;10 minutes;Orange fireballs resolving into something solid after slowing down. 1st, saw orange fireball moving from South/Southwest to North/Northeast. Almost 3 minute duration. Very high up in the sky until it flared out. Second was about 2 minutes later, same direction, but much lower. When the flare of orange went out, it appeared to be an oval shaped craft much lower in the sky. No wings and no apparent aerodynamics. It took about 4 minutes to traverse the sky from South to North/northeast. The 3rd was another fireball moving much faster and higher in the sky then the first one. Meanwhile, sirens from the local police and fire department were going off continuously. They were also moving north. NO FLASHING LIGHTS were visible on the objects at anytime and they were in Bishop International Airport airspace. We have planes go over us continuously and these were not planes.;42.9468;-83.817
Four orange lights in the night sky vanish, two by two.;2011-06-03 23:00:00;60-90 seconds;Four orange lights in the night sky vanish, two by two. On the way home from Hometown Days, I and my daughters notices 4 orange-colored lights in the sky in a linear, but slightly curved formation.   The lights were south of the railroad tracks and west of Morrish Road and I would guess that they were between Hill and Grand Blanc Roads.  The lights were far apart enough to appear to be 4 different objects, not 4 lights on a single object.  After walking past a tree, two of the 4 lights were no longer there.  Within a time period of about 5-6 seconds the two remaining lights moved upward and further away and vanished.;42.9468;-83.817
