Light formation spanning over a HUGE area and moving very slowly from South to North direction then aiming downward;1999-11-16 19:15:00;20 sec;Light formation spanning over a HUGE area and moving very slowly from South to North direction then aiming downward My retired neighbors (husband and wife) and their son age 40 and myself, a nurse , saw in the evening sky a string of blue and white lights move slowly from generally South to North ( possibly southwest to northeast). The lights were horizontal when we first saw them. I held my hand at arm's length and opened my hand as far as I could.  Then I held my hand up to the lights and they spanned longer than the distance between the tips of my thumb and index finger.  It passed over my subdivision as it continued in it's path. It took approximately 10 seconds for it to travel from one end of my subdivision to the other (about one mile), but the lights spanned over at least 1/4 of that mile.)  It was very long. We heard no noise, but it was traveling at a low altitude -- lower than the airplanes fly over the subdivision as they ready to come in for a landing. We could not make out a form of the object it could have been cigar shaped or disc shaped (assuming that the lights were positioned on the outside edge of the object.)  As it moved, it passed behind some clouds and then reappeared.  Then the string began to slowly aim downward at approximately a 45 degree angle to the earth.  It continued downward and I could guestimate that if it were to hit the earth, it would hit somewhere in Flint, which is 10 miles NE of Swartz Creek. At that point, we could no longer see it. (I was expecitng to see it either ascend and reappear or to see some flash or something to indicate that it crashed).  We did not see it again.    I felt that the object was at least 5 miles away when it began to tilt downward. The distance between each light remained constant throughout the sighting. Fint's Bishop airport is about 4 miles from Swartz Creek.  There were no planes near the object at the time, but I could see about 4 planes much higher in the sky and much further away.  I have lived here for 35 years and what I saw was in no way an airplane.;42.9468;-83.817
