Glowing orange shaped like an end view of airplane wing.;2000-03-31 05:05:00;10 minutes;Glowing orange shaped like an end view of airplane wing. I have a second job as a tow truck driver, my primary job is a GS-10 federal worker (engineering tech). I am on call through the night, keep the tow truck at home and go out when the dispatcher calls me. I got a call at 0415 on Friday, 3/31/00 to tow a truck with slashed tires from Westerly, RI to Perryville, RI. Perryville is off Rt 1 between Charlestown, RI and Matunuck Beach. I picked up the woman and her truck and we were driving down coastal Rt 1 when at the Westerly/Charlestown border I saw a softly glowing orange object (same color as one of those orange creamcicles)directly in front of us. We were traveling due east. It didn't register as odd because it appeared small and distant. I checked my watch and it was 0505. I kept glancing at it because it was directly in front of us and I asked my rider if she saw it too. She said she did and we discussed it's characteristics. We watched it steadily for the next ten minutes. When we first saw it it was the size of a baby aspirin at arm's length. The road was windy at times and the object would disappear behind pine trees. When the road would turn back due east it would appear again in the exact same spot. It was totally motionless and stationary in the sky. We watched it until the Perryville turnoff came up. By this time it was the size of a quarter at arm's length. Just before we turned off a vertical gray bar appeared at the front of the object and immeadiatly moved to the rear. When this happened the object faded, came back and then disappeared. My rider said did you see that! when the gray bar appeared and moved. We both agreed that we had seen the same things. The object tilted about a 10 degree angle to the horizon front to back and about 20 to 25 degrees above the horizon. The sky was clear with no other objects such as airplanes or balloons in view. There was a solid bank of low clouds on the horizon up to about 5 degrees. The object was well above the cloud bank. I consulted a road map that I carry and determined we covered about 10 miles from beginning to end of the sighting. I also figured that the object would be in the vicinity of East Matunuck and Point Judith Pond. This is very close to the ocean.;41.4016;-71.6663
UFO darting football field length jumps before skingshoting away;2007-08-24 15:00:00;one Min.;UFO darting football field length jumps before skingshoting (??) away I was along with my a friend of mine in his new car. I remember we were going very slow trying to get a feel for the car, then all of a sudden my friend pointed to the sky and said Whats that?. I picked the disc out of the sky right away. It was about 430-5 pm and awlays around that time in Rhode Island the sun sets very brigh and spectaculator. This gave the disc a shimmer with the sun which made it easy to see. It was about 5 miels away low in the sky. The object went from a hover to VERY fast jump to the east then to the west. Eash jump was about the lenght of a football feild in 1 seccond. Then the object started to plain up twoards the sky and started off to move slow and with in one sec of launched up and disapeard. Gone in a blink. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.4016;-71.6663
