Strange aircraft again over southern Rhode Island;2010-05-24 14:30:00;1 hour;Strange aircraft again over southern Rhode Island While resting at East Beach in Charlestown, RI, at the above date and time, enjoying a beautiful clear blue sky and warm sun, I noticed a twin engine plane, with rows of windows on each side, and having pods at the wing tips (fuel?), white in color, flying a continuous loop over the beach, circling, slowly, then going away to the west, but coming right back.  I thought this continuous pattern of low flying, low level observation, was odd, especially after the fourth time of it flying right over me.  The beach was almost unpopulated, it being a Monday, and it being a very long 3 mile stretch of beach, and I was down about a quarter mile, away from most people at the entrance.  So, there were about fifty people on the beach but all but me and three other people were at the entrance.  I had my binoculars with me, so I decided to get a close up of the plane as it kept flying directly over me in its circling.  I first noticed no FAA identifying markings of any ki! nd on it...no numbers or letters, etc. I saw only one small blinking red light at the tip of the rear 'fin' (aeleron?), and then I noticed a conspicuous large dark spot, like an oval camera lens, on the underside of the fuselage behind the wings.  I then thought this was some kind of secret government plane taking photos.  The plane continued its pattern of circling over the beach where I was, so I decided to leave and head for my trunk in the parking lot.  The plane made another pass, this time right over me in the parking lot, whereupon I took out my binoculars again to get another close look....while looking at the bottom of the 'plane' I was shocked to see a quick flash of green light, very bright, come from what I thought previously was a camera lens!  This quick flash of green light was directed toward me, as if they were letting me know that they saw me, and maybe even were reading my thoughts.  It freaked me out, as I said, 'oh my God.'  It was so unnatural a thing ! that it did.  This  was no ordinary plane by any means, but a ! craft ma squerading as a twin engine plane, but having a whole different propulsion and technology, as in the green light underneath.  There were no wing tip lights or any thing which I thought should be on a registered FAA plane.  It made a sound very similar to a prop plane, but different.  The windows were all blacked out, including the cockpit windows.  I then left in my truck and drove to Walmart about 5 miles away.  After shopping for a half hour I decided to go back to the beach parking lot to see if the 'plane' was still there in its same circling pattern, and it was!  It flew a couple hundred feet above the shoreline, then circled over the salt pond in back of the beach, headed West again, and then repeated this pattern, over and over...nothing normal about it.  This is just one more strange aircraft sighting in this area.  My belief is that aliens are masquerading their craft as jets, passenger jets, and small prop/commuter planes like this one.  The strange 'camera' spot/l! ens that flashed bright green at me while I was looking at it through the binoculars was the strangest event, and a bit intimidating...maybe that was 'their' intent.  Something very strange in going on in southern Rhode Island...very strange.  By the way, the flashing green light did not emit a beam that I could see.;41.4016;-71.6663
Odd 'jet liners,' with bright lights fade into thin air.;2017-09-13 14:00:00;10 seconds;Odd ' jet liners' with bright lights fade into thin air. While enjoying a brief stay at East Beach in Charlestown, RI, and lying on my back looking up at the clear blue sky, I spotted what looked like an airliner or B-52 shaped plane with fuselage, two wings, and four jet pods (2 on each wing).  I didn't notice the 'plane' approach but only noticed it as it materialized over head.  I would guess the altitude to be 15k feet up.   The craft caught my attention by virtue of 'bright lights' attached to the ends of the four 'jet pods'...the fuselage and wings had a translucent texture about it.  It seemed, some how, 'fake' to me.  The four bright, silvery lights at the ends of the pods changed as I observed it (I had binoculars with me, having viewed an old B-17, B-24, and a spitfire of WWII vintage earlier pass over the shoreline next to me, in prep for a local airshow over Labor Day weekend.).   Through the binoculars I had a good close up view of the 'plane.'  It's speed was slow for a jet, in my opinion.  As I looked at it close up, the far left 'light' went out and was replaced by the same type light at the end of the tail section.  Now, there were 3 wing lights and one tail light.  All were very bright and prominent.   As I continued to watch, the craft just faded out..it became dimmer and then just gone.  No sound was heard.   About 3 minutes later as I continued my sky search another similar 'plane' appeared in the same general area but  higher in elevation.  It, too, had the same lights but only two that I saw..one on each side of respective wing pods.  It was also translucent in substance as was the first.  It also faded quickly as if de-materializing as I watched.   The first craft sighting was in view for about 10 seconds but the second craft for only 5 seconds.  Both were going in the same Westward direction.  It was the lights on these 'planes' and their translucence that I deemed very odd and not normal.   I thought about the sun's reflective aspect on metal as an explanation but dismissed the idea as there was no consistency to it and the craft continued straight and not  deviating.   Another mystery, but possibly UFOs that can mimic our air craft and go unnoticed by the public. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter..I'll try to answer some questions...the object's lights were brilliant even in the bright sunlight...brilliant and silver-white...that's what really caught my attention initially.  The lights changing position suddenly was also odd to me. Math is my worst subject, so as far as degrees traveled in those 10 seconds, I would guess, maybe, five or so...it was not moving very fast.  I see many airliners coming and going from Greene Airport, in Warwick, RI, heading SW, the usual course.  This craft was a steady due West. I was not clear about the Air Show, Peter.  The low flying WWII planes that passed in front of me along the shoreline earlier could have been a prep for an upcoming show at Quonset Pt. airport in North Kingstown, an old US Navy airport, now home to some vintage planes, or from a show over Labor Day weekend, but I'll have to call Quonset to find out for sure.  C-130s fly out of there daily on routine practice flights for the Air National Guard who use that airport. The size of the 'plane' relative to the size of the bright sun was consistent with a 707 or similar, though the craft reminded me more of the B-52 with more swept back wings  There were two 'jet pods' per wing. The report you forwarded to me makes me think of a sighting I had earlier this summer while aboard the Block Island ferry heading to Block Island, RI (also known as New Shoreham, about 12 miles off of Pt. Judith harbor).  That morning this past June while the boat was half way out I noticed an egg shaped 'thing' drifting about 500 ft above the water.  It seemed fluid and changed shape, but not dramatically.  I was about a quarter mile from it, observing it behind the boat.  I dismissed the para sail idea as no boats were anywhere near it.  It was white-grey and translucent..like a blob, or parachute folding and unfolding.  I had no idea what it could be but no one else near me said anything (most people don't notice these things).  I said nothing, but wished I'd had my camera with me.  I watched it until it just seemed to disappear.  I saw no 'spikes' on it but it was egg shaped but fluid.  It was windy but the wind didn't seem to shift it...it just hung there in one space just above the ocean.  I didn't report it since i thought there was some good explanation, but I perhaps should have. This occurred on a bright sunny morning about 11:30.  I will continue to be observant and questioning about these things, even if no else is.    Thanks, Peter,  ((name deleted)), South Kingstown, RI;41.4016;-71.6663
