fast moving Red/Bright Orange Lights over Perryville Missouri;2011-05-12 21:00:00;40-50 minutes;fast moving Red/Bright Orange Lights over Perryville Missouri At about 9:00 i was out on my front porch and looking towards the north-northwester horizon i see red dots coming up from the right side of the horizon moving in an arch over said horizon and then dipping back under it on the left side.  These dots were red to bright orange in coloration.  From the start to the middle of the event the dots of light would show up in groups of anywhere from 3 to 5 and move rather quickly across the horizon in the fashion i previously explained.  These lights did not blink and were too bright to be the lights present on plane wings.  It was overcast weather which eliminated the possibility that they were satellites.  Halfway through the event what appeared to be a conventional aircraft appeared and flew perpendicular to the lights into the horizon.;37.7167;-89.8775999999998
One large, spherical, unblinking light, seen in the distance that made quick movements.;2012-04-04 22:15:00;30-45 minutes;One large, spherical, unblinking light, seen in the distance that made quick movements. A friend and I were sitting at a community lake while a slight storm went on outside. There wasn't a lot of rain, but there was a lot of lightening.  The clouds broke on and off.  We were sitting inside the car when we thought we saw what was a star in between some clouds in a clearing.  We both basically disregarded it for a while, unsure that it had any significance.   A few minutes later (10 or 15) my friend noted that there was something strange about it.  He thought he saw it move. We got out of the car to get a better look (it was no longer raining, just sprinkling) and the “star” was incredibly bright.  As a reference, if the moon were full, this spherical object would be half its size and very very bright. It was a yellowish light, and it did not blink.  The object was a good distance away (north west in the distance), and it was difficult to really tell what its size was.  We studied the object for a good time. It appeared to spin, and one side of the sphere was brighter and you could tell when that side faced the other way.  At this point it hadn't done any extreme movement, it was more of just hovering with some slight cradling side to side. It was cold, so we both got in the car to continue watching it. We sat for a while and both at the same time saw it dart to the left quite quickly and precisely.  We then got out of the car to watch more, very intrigued.  To our dismay it very quickly went away, making a few more side to side movements before being so far away that we could no longer see it.  We got in the car, determined to follow it.  We couldnt, and inevitably came back to the same exact spot about fifteen minutes later.  It was very far away now, and on a different part of the sky completely.  Once again, we watched it make a few small, quick movements, before darting away into the distance.  I'd like to add that neither of us were on any drugs or could be counted as an unreliable source. Whatever we saw, it was in fact there, and not a hallucination. We tried to rule out every possibility, and we were left with some sort of UFO.;37.7167;-89.8775999999998
