On Interstate 79, we spotted a Y shaped white/silver craft above the treeline.  It was making unbelievable circular maneurvers;2004-09-06 16:45:00;1 minute;On Interstate 79, we spotted a Y shaped white/silver craft above the treeline.  It was making unbelievable circular maneurvers We were traveling northbound on Interstate 79 north of Pittsburgh on Sept.6,(Labor Day) 2004.  Traffic was heavy.  As we crested the hill past the Evan City entrance to I 79 we spotted a Y shaped white/silver craft above the treeline west of the highway.  At first we thought it was some sort of remote controlled airplane because it was making unbelievable circular maneurvers above and within the treeline.  However, it seemed too large (over an inch in size) to be a radio controlled toy airplane. Also, the Y shape was unlike any aircraft I have ever seen. The air show lasted for less than 20 seconds. We lost sight of the craft for approximately 15 seconds as we were traveling about 70 mph.  After we began to descend down into the valley towards the Zelienople exit, we saw what we believed was the same craft traveling in a straight pattern at a high rate of speed east by north east toward the Evan City - Butler area.  The craft was approximately 45 degrees above the horizon. At this height, the craft was about 1/2 inch in length. My boyfriend was surprised at the speed and size of this craft.  After we got home I had everyone (my son age 13, my boyfriend and myself) draw a picture of what they saw.  We compared pictures.  Each was Y -shaped - simliliar to a Mercedes Logo.  If this was an experimental plane (remote controlled or otherwise)and not a UFO, it was certainly beautiful to look at and remarkable to watch.  It would have been very dificult to make circular patterns above and into this heavily forested and hilly terrain next to the highway.  The sky was blue with some clouds, and the Y shaped craft really stood out. It should have been visible to many people on the highway. I would be very curious to know if anyone else traveling on the highway at that time of day happened to catch the airshow. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested that the witness send a graphic illustration of what the object looked like, and will compare it with known aircraft.  PD));40.7609;-80.1094
