Small star like fleet of lights over night sky- No specific formation - not nose to tail, tail to nose.  ((Starlink satellites??));2020-03-05 19:13:00;15;Small star like fleet of lights over night sky- No specific formation - not nose to tail, tail to nose I viewed what  appeared to be stars moving from West to East beginning around 7:13 pm central time. They were moving slow across the sky but fast enough to know they were not stars or fixed items you typically see in night sky.  There appeared to be no specific formation or spacing of any kind.  The only pattern they had in common was the direction they were navigating toward Effingham, Illinois and staying  north of interstate.  It was like watching a parade of lights over the sky for several minutes and then nothing for a few minutes then I saw another four cross over the sky.  I stopped counting after the numbers were well over a dozen.  I estimate 20 or so.  I watched them cross over sky for several minutes. I tried to capture them on video from my iphone for 17 seconds but the video just shows a black sky and I cannot make out anything.  Two of the lights disappeared as I was watching them. I watched one change direction suddenly from West to East to to! head North to South.  They appeared like small white lights with no red flashing light or tails and appeared to be high in the sky.  I am accustomed to seeing planes flying to and from St. Louis Lambert Airport. I am used to seeing helicopters and other small known aircraft. These are unlike anything I have ever seen before.  My first thought was why would so many planes take off all at once and my second thought was why are there no red flashing lights attached to these.  I have been reading reports about satellite being seen and while I do not dismiss this I can account that what I was looking at was not something I have ever seen before. I was astonished to see a fleet of something unknown to me and had they all been tail to nose nose to tail I would be able to accept that explanation.;39.0633;-88.7487
