June 1980;1980-06-03 15:00:00;15 min approx;June 1980 I spent 9 years in Lake Forest Ill and had just been re-located to California.  We came back to say goodbye, it was the day my grandmother passed away.  It was approx 8:30 and I had to get out of the house and take a short walk.  I headed down King Muir Rd towards to the corner of Deer Path Road, and I heard an extremely loud, two very low frequencies coming from a triangle shape, it was moving very slowly, I watched it for five or so minutes when it changed direction and just vanished. The Lake Forest is not the only one however, When I was five years old, I was headed home from Springfeild, Il with my grandfather and it was totally dark out.  All of a sudden my grandfather spotted an object hovering above a field and he pulled over to the side of the road.  There was a brightly lit with multiple colored lights, it looked like an enormous barrel (10X size) with both ends bulging out.  His car died and he could not start it, until the object suddenly shot upwards and vanished.  There was no noise from what I remember. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));42.2299;-87.8426
3 Triangular UFOs Sighted in Lake Forest, IL;2011-04-11 21:00:00;5 Minutes;3 Triangular UFOs Sighted in Lake Forest, IL While a couple friends and I were at the beach, there were 3 triangular shaped objects at opposite directions of the sky.  They all came together as one, conformed, and shot back in opposite directions. They were pretty low to the ground.  Airplanes are typically much higher.  The three objects were traveling extremely fast and disappeared into the sky eventually.  From research, I learned that there is a naval base it Great Lakes, IL, which is about ten miles from the sighting, so this could be a possibility.  However, I don't understand the motive behind what happened if it was Navy organized.  The triangular flashed red and yellow very quickly as they moved together and until they disappeared.  I got a vague glimpse at one of them as they passed, and it was nothing like I've ever seen before.  Not an airplane, helicopter, or anything of that nature.  A UFO sighting or something else?;42.2299;-87.8426
