3 AM.  Delivering papers 1 block north of Fort Sheridan, off Sheridan Rd.  Dark, floating, soundless UFO floats across sky.;1995-05-14 03:00:00;5 mins;3 AM.  Delivering papers 1 block north of Fort Sheridan, off Sheridan Rd.  Dark, floating, soundless UFO floats across sky. At 3AM, about 4 yrs ago, when I was 21, I was delivering papers in Lake Forest, Illinois.  I was 1 block north of Fort Sheridan.  The sky was dimly illuminated by surrounding streetlights, etc...  I looked up, and over treetops a dark, lightless, soundless, UFO floated.  It was so low I probably could of hit it with a rock, easily.  I was excited, and decided to follow it.  I noticed it wasn't the shape of flying craft normally seen.  It was a solid shape, like rectangle, triangle, square, but I was more excited to follow it, so I didn't focus on exact shape.  It wasn't enormous, but not real small neither.  I did notice it seemed to have bumps and ridges on the bottom.  I have a sunroof, so when it flew over my car I could see it.  I chased it, but soon gave up because I couldn't maneuver the small suburban roads well enough to follow it's flight path.  It floated in a straight path, not seeming to gain altitude (very low).  It floated slowly.  I lost it in the darkness.  My assumption was it either flew directly over Fort Sheridan, or it took off from Fort Sheridan.  (Fort Sheridan, as to my knowledge, is a closed military base). ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.2299;-87.8426
Flourescent white-green 'fireball' from NW Corner of sky in Illinois;2002-03-14 22:45:00;5 seconds;Flourescent white-green 'fireball' from NW Corner of sky in Illinois This has been the third time I have seen this.  The first time myself and another person saw it at the same location.  The second was just myself and my brother and wife and children at a different location.  And the third time myself. Always from the Northwest part of the sky, exactly at the same spot, we have seen a 'fireball' shoot down from the sky.  It was extremely bright (like a fluorescent white) and also contained a greenish glow to it.   This left no trace or trails.  On the second observation the object DID 'shoot' back up in the same section of the sky approximately one hour later.  No sounds, nothing out of the ordinary afterwards. I am an astronomer, and have seen VERY bright shooting stars ('fireballs' if you will).  This was NOT one of those. The time and date given for this event is my THIRD viewing.  The times for the other events were all around 10pm-12pm CST and each viewing was seperated by a period of years.;42.2299;-87.8426
