UFO in clear sight of entire town, egg shape(on its side)many colored lights,memory tampering,nose bleed,abduction.;1987-07-01 01:00:00;45-2hrs;UFO in clear sight of entire town, egg shape(on its side)many colored lights,memory tampering,nose bleed,abduction. I am getting back pieces of my memory as the years go on. Coming home from my job at Pizza H** in Monroe, I was approching Marshville city limits when I saw an object over the trees. People I am almost 35 years old and of sound mind! This object was moving at about a 1/2 mile per hour. I was wandering why the whole town was not at a stand-still. If anyone else noticed it, they sure didnt show interest. I was compelled to check this thing out. I didnt know all of the road names, but I knew how to get around town, so I moved closer, took a right and there it was coming over the trees to my left, directly above at (11:00 sight). Maybe 4 stories above the ground, no sound. O.K. this thing was an egg shape on its side, covered in various colored lights. The lights were like the jumbo christmas lights not the small ones. I found myself 3 streets down the road, about a 1/4 mile out of the town light, still in my car. I looked out my window to find the object and it was high above me to the left and shot out faster than anything my mind could comprehend. Now for the strange part... I put my car in drive(it was still running)recognized the street I was on and made my way home, thinking less and less of what happened. Everyone in my home was asleep so I did not wake them, so I went to bed. Woke up a little while later sitting up turned around with my face looking down at my pillow-blood pouring and I mean pouring out of my nose. My mother came in to help me and I mentioned none of this to her, Fear that she would think I was using drugs, at that time in my life I did smoke mary jane. Now the more time went on the less I would think about this, until about 5 years later when I would connect the dots. I hate Alien abduction stories, people that are made pregnant by Aliens or what have you, but this was real! I live a somewhat normal life, but I know What happened in Marshville N.C. that night, I am a firm believer in the fact that something happened to me, and my memory was tampered with.  Thank you for letting me get this off my chest. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));35.0167;-80.3761000000001
Strange glowing line moving across the sky.;2013-10-02 00:08:00;10 seconds;Strange glowing line moving across the sky. I was outside facing east, when out of the corner of my eye I see what looked to be a glowing greenish yellow wide upside down letter U  thin in shape float across the sky going from the north headed south.  It reminded me of a glowing jump rope.  Our sky here is crystal clear tonight no clouds or haze what so ever and this thing glided across the sky out of sight.   It was nothing I have ever seen before.  It was not a craft, it appeared to be almost a form of energy.  Made me think of the northern lights but there was no long lasting glow or aura around it, just a thin glowing u shaped line moving across the sky. It was not exceptionaly large but very striking visually.;35.0167;-80.3761000000001
