Completely black huge circle covered at least a mile;2001-10-15 10:00:00;an hour or so;Completely black huge circle covered at least a mile I was at work and outside and as I always do I looked Up at the stars and as I did in this night something was very differant , there was a patch of stars missing it looked like but with further observance i saw that they werent missing but were covered up by this huge black circle . It was moving very slowly across the sky but was completely black ,no lights on it at all . I starred at it for awhile til I was called in by my boss and then had her come look at it too . It was In the paper the next day and is still unidentified . There were no militatry crafts out at the time this happened or airlines through this area either . I wish i knew what is was . Very strange in deed . ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.7542000000001;-76.9069
Two separate sightings over a few hours of multiple red orbs over the eastern carolina coast.;2012-07-06 23:00:00;around a minute;Two separate sightings over a few hours of multiple red orbs over the eastern carolina coast. Two friends and I were using a small boat to cross the sound between Emerald Island and the mainland to camp on a small island over night. We set out right near sunset, and arrived on the island right as it was getting dark. We were located on the unnamed island just north east of Lovett Island on the southernmost shore. We started to set up camp in a hurry, as it was getting dark fast. As we were setting up the tent, my two friends started to look up at the sky and told me to do so. Over the main land, what seemed to be quite some distance away, was a glowing red orb slowly moving through the sky. It looked as if it was passing the auxiliary landing field for the local military base from the North, heading northeast. It looked as if it may have been traveling at the same speed as a helicopter, but we could hear no noise. It continued moving down the inland shore until we could no longer see it in the distance. We discussed what it may have been, but could not come to a conclusion. We haven’t seen anything like it before. A few hours later is when an even more astounding sighting occurred after we set up camp and settled in. About two hours after settling in we ingested 25i-nbome, a legal hallucinogen. I know this might diminish the credibility of my witness for the following sighting, but I wish to report it either way. Might I also add that I could tell a difference between what was real and what was a hallucination. We were now sitting on a blanket looking at the stars facing south, southeast. One of my friends was in the tent having an argument on the phone. My friend again, with a surprised voice told me to look up. We both saw the same thing. There were three glowing red orbs, just like the one from earlier, heading in the same direction, this time over Emerald Island. Again, they were heading northeast towards Morehead city. From our perspective they were in the shape of a triangle with one UFO in front and the other two following. They kept this formation for around 40 seconds before the lead UFO broke off ahead of the others. Its glow began to dim before finally disappearing.  The other two were still bright and slowly moving down the coast. One orb seemed to drop three smaller colored orbs out of its bottom which fell quickly to the ground. This detail, however, I am unsure of because of its similarity to a hallucination. The three UFOs were very clear however.Suddenly a fourth red orb appeared coming from the ground (or ocean on the other side of the island). It rose in an arc shape before reaching the altitude of the other two. They moved in small increments with the trailing craft mimicking the same movement from behind as if it were being tugged by the leading two craft.  They moved down the coast like this as well before fading out of sight. Again the only detail that I believe may have been a hallucination was the orbs falling from one of the UFOs to the ground. Our third friend did not witness! this sighting because he refused to leave the tent. After this, the night was relatively calm with no more activity.;34.7542000000001;-76.9069
