Inconsistently flashing, inconsistent speed white light across sky.;2014-07-12 23:00:00;~2 minutes;inconsistently flashing, inconsistent speed white light across sky. I was sleeping in the woods alone with a sleeping bag and flashlight as an adventure of sorts.  It was the night of the full moon, so I had been staring up at the stars and moon for a couple hours. I'm not sure of the exact time because I had no clock to check.  There was no light pollution other than the moon itself. I had been counting planes to fly overhead and got to about 7 when the stopped for about five minutes.  I was confused, but kept staring at the sky waiting for the next plane to fly overhead.  I don't think it was a plane. The UFO would flash brightly, brighter than stars, then dim out so i could barely see it inconsistently.  When it was at its brightest it looked like some sort of explosion?  About the size of a plane, if not larger.  It would zoom quickly then slow down the entire time.  I watched it fly across my area of vision, but it never flew at a consistent speed, only quickly or slowly. It was too far to tell shape or anything, so it could be a plane or something, but I really don't think so. Also:  I have lots of bug bites from sleeping in the forest, but two in particular. Two matching circular red markings identical to eachother on both sides of my body. Just above the hip bone. I thought they were spider bites at first, but theyre too similar and in the exact spot so who knows. I've also experience periods of Missing Time.  One time two friends and I were walking dogs in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho near Cherry Hill.  I dropped my phone from my pocket so they kept going and I turned back to find it. I found my phone and went back to them, but when I got there it felt like it had been hours since I left them. They said it couldn't have been more that 20 minutes, but I swear the sun was way too far and it had been at least three hours? Unsure.;48.2892;-117.7706
large craft stationary about a mile up,very bright green and red lights with huge white light between craft hovered for several minutes;2020-10-03 20:00:00;3 minutes;large craft stationary about a mile up,very bright green and red lights with huge white light between craft hovered for several minutes then proceeded south rapidly then huge burst of rapid speed and instant stop then very rapid speed to disappear similar craft has been seen in area before;48.2892;-117.7706
