Pilot witnesses very large, silent, dark grey, triangular craft with glowing lights at each point;2008-07-20 22:30:00;10 Seconds;Pilot witnesses very large, silent, dark grey, triangular craft with glowing lights at each point UFO sighting report 07/20/08  This sighting was made by an anonymous FAA certified pilot at approximately 22:30 Eastern Time.  All estimates of altitude, speed, and size are educated estimates and are believed to be very accurate.  It was completely dark at the time with little to no cloud coverage. A very large triangle shaped object was sighted above Midland Michigan. The craft appeared over the roof of a two story hotel North West of my position at an altitude of roughly 500 feet.  It was traveling west-to-east about one mile north of my position.  The craft was completely silent and moved very slowly (no more than 20 knots) it suddenly accelerated (easily mach1, probably more like mach 10) and disappeared behind a line of trees to the east.   It accelerated so fast there didn’t seem to be any acceleration period one moment is was moving very slowly, and then in no more than a quarter-second, it was traveling very fast.  Even as it began to move away very fast, there was no sound or fuel burn at all, no sonic boom, no vapor trail, no exhaust, not even the sound of the displaced air moving about. It is important to note that on its present course the craft would have violated the class D airspace around MBS Intl. Airport 15 miles to the east. The craft was a dull black, almost the color of the night sky, but a few shades lighter, more like the black stealth coating on an SR-71 or B-2 military aircraft.  It was easily twice as big as a Boeing 747.  (twice as long and twice as wide)  It did not have any discernable wing structure or control surfaces it was just a big solid triangle.   I could not identify any windows or a flight deck, but the only portion of the craft that I could see was the belly (which looked flat), and a small bit of the right side of the upper half.  There was no side portion, the top and bottom of the craft simply met each other at an angle.  There were no navigation lights, landing lights, strobe lights, or rotating beacon light on the craft, instead there were three whiteish-blueish lights on the belly of the craft, one at each point on the triangle.  They weren’t bright or dim, more like a glow.  All of the lights were very large, each about the size of the groups of lights at baseball stadiums.  There were much smaller white lights somewhere near the middle of the craft, in a circular pattern documented in the illustration. The entire incident only lasted about ten seconds, but is was instantly obvious that this craft was not a civilian aircraft, and it was not a known military aircraft.  It was not using any type of propulsion used in human aircraft since it was completely silent and there were no discernable air-intakes or exhausts.  The extreme acceleration mentioned above would have generated such high g-forces that a human would not only be killed, it would probably be squished against the seat like a bug on a windshield.  Not only was the propulsion system very advanced, the pilots, or their equipment, were able to handle very extreme g-forces. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.6403048387096;-84.2427556451612
Two bright lights over bay city rd, one came toward us and we could see many colors no sound. the other took off ridiculously fast;2016-11-29 18:50:00;10 minutes;two bright lights over bay city rd, one came toward us and we could see many colors no sound. the other took off ridiculously fast Just over Bay city road two crafts were seen hovering close to each other.  One went down toward us, then disappeared into the woods.  The craft looked like nothing I have ever seen in my life.  It had no sound, lots of lights and different shapes on it, didn't get a picture of it because I could not stop staring at it to figure out what it was.  Minutes after, the second light flew so fast over our heads it was a big bright white light.  Was not a plane or helicopter it just sat and hovered for a few minutes and no sounds at all.  Would like to know if anyone else saw the same thing we did!;43.6403048387096;-84.2427556451612
