I breifly looked up and saw a white light flash across above the treeline then disappear because of its rapid speed.;1999-08-03 22:00:00;1 second or less;I breifly looked up and saw a white light flash across above the treeline then disappear because of its rapid speed. The object was a perfectly circular ball of light that was moving at a very rapid speed and was in view for approx 1 second but immediatly after I saw it I asked the 2 other people with me if they had and 1 had seen it, the other had not. It passed above us in the north in a break in the treeline. I imagine that in all likelyhood that it was just an unusually bright circular meterorite.;39.4949;-76.6673
Bright ball of light moving upward very fast eventually becoming a speck before disappearing within seconds;2011-05-28 23:15:00;1 min;Bright ball of light moving upward very fast eventually becoming a speck before disappearing within seconds My boyfriend and I walked out on patio to smoke and were talking about noises we were hearing in the woods, which were animals and happened to look up in the sky.  I saw a very bright circular shape in the sky.  My first reaction was, Whoa, what the hell is that, and I pointed to it.  He also saw it and as we were pointing to it i said get your phone to try and tape it.   It then was like it started picking up speed and within seconds diminished in size and got smaller and smaller until it was a speck of light and then disappeared. It didnt flash, no colored lights, no sound at all - just an extremely bright ball of that seemed to be leaving our planet almost because it got smaller and smaller then was gone.  This happened in less than 30 seconds.   For at least an hour afterwards we were in complete shock asking each other if we really just witnessed that. No plane or anything on this earth can move that fast that ive ever seen.  It should also be noted that a large helicopter went flying over about 10 minutes later which made it even more clear that what we saw was moving up out of the earth not across the sky like regular planes or helicopters.  Maybe the helicopter was looking for the object?  This had to be a UFO.;39.4949;-76.6673
