Very low ball of fire slowly floating over Kansas City metro area;2012-08-07 21:35:00;70 seconds;very low ball of fire slowly floating over Kansas City metro area We were sitting on a patio facing East when we saw an object that looked like a bright orange fireball. It looked pretty low and was moving at a very slow speed.  There wasn't any noise or sudden movements, and it didn't leave a trail behind it. The object was moving from SSE to NNW for about one minute before it raised altitude and disappeared into the sky.  No flash of lights or any reason to believe it exploded. It was so close and big enough that I could record the whole thing on my phone.;38.9521653846159;-94.739353846155
Followed slow moving low to the ground bright orange U.F.O.;2012-09-20 23:51:00;5 minutes;Followed slow moving low to the ground bright orange U.F.O.. 11:51 PM on October 20 I was heading West on 79th Street between Quivira and Pflumm Road within Lenexa, Kansas, then I saw an oblong bright orange light to the Northwest of me heading Northeast. It was low to the ground and didn't make any sound the light was to bright to see any defining features.  Like I said, the light was bright but the concentration of the light moved around the circumference of the circle in a pattern of four inner circles. It moved to slow to be a plane but it also moved to fast to be any type of balloon. It couldn't have been a helicopter either.  THERE WAS NO SOUND AND IT WAS (excuse my language) ((obscenity deleted)) There was a meteor shower that night also.  It couldn't have been a meteor either because those fall between 25,000-150,000 mph.  The worst part is I tried explaining this to people but no one believed me.  They all said that it was a meteor because of the meteor shower we had had earlier. Or they said that it was a Chinese lantern or weather balloon.  We have a military base not to far off from Lenexa and people even said it could be one of their planes or some new technology they were testing. I had decided to follow it because it was hovering. Followed it through the twists and turns of the neighborhood.  I was speeding, going about 35 mph in a 25 mph zone. Not to safe seeing as I was hardly watching the road. It moved with precision and slowed considerably over some houses but never came to a full stop.  The streets of course wouldn't allow me to follow its every move but it was high enough to where I could keep it in sight and navigate to another street that would allow me to do the same.  After about 5 minutes of following it I lost it in the treeline and taller houses of the neighborhood I was in.  The whole time I followed it I expected to see it slow and then have massive acceleration until it disappeared into the night sky.  But no, it was just gone. Maybe it did do that and I just somehow missed it. After about another 2-3 minutes of looking for it and making my way back onto the main road I gave up and decided I needed to do something.   I called 911 and they hadn't had any reports of a sighting which seemed extremely weird to me because I never saw the UFO appear and I followed it for 5 minutes in a residential area where people would most likely be outside trying to spot the last of the meteor shower even though it was over anyways.   So probably about 10 minutes had passed since I first saw it, and in a suburb where many people were outside not long before.  The dispatcher I talked to told me to call the F.A.A. but didn't have the number.  I had some difficulty finding the number online with my phone.  The slow browser didn't help but I thought a number like that would be easy to find using Google.   So I called and recanted the same story I had told the dispatcher, probably about 20-22 minutes after I first saw it.  The man seemed very angry and dismissive.  He kept saying that there were no planes over that area at the time and that there were no downed planes.  I kept saying that it wasn't a plane but he just kept saying the same thing until I got frustrated and hung up.  It was like he couldn't say U.F.O. or even call me crazy.  I just got the same sigh and the same response ranging from dull to angry. I never talk about this to anyone anymore because I learned my lesson.  Everyone is going to think I am talking about an alien, but apparently people don't know the definition of a U.F.O. I always have believed that there are aliens (but was skeptical that travel to our planet was possible because there doesn't seem to be any proof made public) and since this night it has been strengthened.  But it might possibly be a man-made aircraft.  I try not to believe in something when there are no answers or proof, just like any religion.  But at this point it is almost hard not to believe, but I still need solid proof.  It would be awesome to meet a different intelligent life form, even if they were superior to us.  So much could be learned. The reason I am just posting this now is because I watched a movie on aliens and after watching it, I got to searching the web and I found this site and found a few sighting in and around my area.  I knew I had a story to tell and that this site seemed more legitimate than several of the like I had come across.  Also, I am glad to see that I am not the only one who has had a sighting in my area.;38.9521653846159;-94.739353846155
