Six small silvery-white spherical shapes, moving very rapidly across the daytime sky, one at a time over 15 minutes.;2003-06-09 12:35:00;15 minutes;Six small silvery-white spherical shapes, moving very rapidly across the daytime sky, one at a time over 15 minutes. This account is true and describes what a I, along with a friend, witnessed today in the skies over Lenexa, Kansas.  Around 12:35 in the afternoon today, 06/09/03, after unloading some very heavy 6x6 posts, I had reclined on my back on the deck I was building to catch my breath.  I looked up into a nearly cloudless blue sky and just happened to see something streaking across the sky directly above us.  I watched it for a few moments, trying to identify it in my own mind, but had no luck making sense of it at all.  It seemed to be a small spot of silvery white, made no noise at all, and really had no discernable shape other than spherical.  It looked small, and moved incredibly fast, moving from horizon to horizon directly overhead in little more than about 10 seconds.  My first thought was it was my first daylight glimpse of a satellite, but it moved much too fast for that.  My brother and I grew up watching and counting orbiting satellites at night in the skies over Wyoming, so I'm very familiar with how they move, but had never seen one in daylight.  I discounted the idea, realizing it didn't seem to be high enough to be in orbit.  As the object neared the far horizon, on a Southwesterly to Northeasterly course, I suddenly sat bolt upright, the realization hitting me that I couldn't identify what I had been watching, and said to my friend, What the hell is that?!  He didn't see it and I immediately tried to point it out to him but as I did it faded from visibility into the distant sky.  I described it to him, still looking skyward, saying, God, I wish you had seen that..., when suddenly there was another, coming from roughly the same direction, on the same general heading as the first, Northeast.  I quickly pointed this one out to my friend, and he immediately spotted it and began tracking it across the sky.  Now I consider myself a serious aviation enthusiast, and I know military aircraft better than most people, even other enthusiasts.  I served in the Air Force as a flight line mechanic, and my buddy who was with me served in the Navy where he specialized in guided missiles, so it's my opinion we both understand basic propulsion systems, the dynamics of flight, and the capabilities - AND the limitations of manned flight.  Neither of us could explain what we were seeing, we thought through all the possibilities we could think of, everything from high flying experimental aircraft, to cotton seeds floating on the breeze to meteors entering the earth's upper atmosphere and burning up.  There were inherent flaws with each of these possibilites though... the objects didn't float on any breeze, they were on a laser straight course and moving at a very high rate of speed, they didn't seem to be burning or breaking up as any other meteor does, they didn't emit any sound whatsoever, left no vapor trails or contrails... almost as if they didn't disturb the air at all.  And any aircraft moving as fast as these were would most certainly have broken the sound barrier and delivered the telltale thunderous 'clap'.  As we stood staring in utter disbelief at the sky, the object quickly disappeared beyond the horizon to our Northeast.  We frantically searched the sky for any other activity, and to our surprise after a minute or two there came another object, again moving from the same general direction.  That made three so far, and again we both watched in amazement.  They all headed the same direction, yet each was on it's own trajectory.  Some looked slightly larger than others, giving the indication of a difference in altitude, though that's tough to speculate on, not knowing the size of the objects.  By this time I tried to call my wife (exacly 12:44pm according to my cell phone log)but only got her voicemail.  I then dialed my brother in Idaho and excitedly told him what we were witnessing, as we spoke.  They kept coming, a few minutes apart, until we counted six altogether.  At one point, I watched one of the objects (which seemed either larger or lower in altitude) moving at a slower pace than the rest.  As it neared the far horizon, roughly 70% of the way across the viewable sky, it seemed to suddenly accelerate.  We called the homeowner out after seeing the 6th object, hoping for a 3rd set of eyes to confirm what we were seeing, but by the time he got outside it was gone from view, and with that, our encounter was over.  We watched the skies intermittently for the next hour or so, but saw nothing more.  While the activity was ongoing, we considered taking digital pictures, but realized it would be pointless because the camera couldn't possibly capture such small points in the sky with any clarity.  Plus we just didn't think we'd keep seeing more of them so we just stood transfixed, trying to debunk what we were starting to suspect.  This was my first sighting of anything I could consider as even possibly having been of a non-terrestrial nature.  I was excited, yet still questioned whether I had just seen what I had just seen, if that makes sense.  Like everyone else, I had seen the movies, heard the stories, seen the picures and read eye-witness accounts of similar encounters.  I had always suspected something or someone else was out there, but I'd never seen anything firsthand.  Now suddenly here I am confronted with my own personal evidence - and understand I can't completely convince anyone else of what we saw - but now I have firsthand knowledge of something that supposedly doesn't exist.  I've seen something I can't explain, and it's been a very profound experience, mentally, spiritually and emotionally.  I'm a husband and father of two beautiful baby girls, I have a happy life, and I've got nothing to prove to anyone.  I hope nothing more than to share with others what I experienced myself today, because I would hope others would not be afraid to do the same, only then can we hope for enlightenment about who we are as a people, and how they fit into our existence. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness on several occasions, and we found him to be exceptionally credible.  Please see report from second witness.  Both witnesses will appear on the Jeff Rense radio program on Tuesday night, June 10, 2003 that program is archived on Jeff Rense's website, <www.rense.com>.  PD));38.9521653846159;-94.739353846155
Watched three spheres with light reflecting off of them creating a silver glint. One was above the other by perhaps 100 feet. The third;2005-10-14 14:45:00;5 minutes;Watched three spheres with light reflecting off of them creating a silver glint.   One was above the other by perhaps 100 feet.  The third was to the side by perhaps 200 feet.  They were 150 yards in the air above 75th street at I-35.  Multiple people at the intersection were watching the objects and wondering what they were.  The objects moved west to east, then hovered above the bridge across I-35. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9521653846159;-94.739353846155
