06/20/16, 3:30 Wisc. Crescent shape Watched for 30 sec. or so Amer / orange lights.;2016-06-20 03:30:00;~30 seconds;06/20/16, 3:30 Wisc. Crescent shape Watched for 30 sec. or so Amer / orange lights. I have seen many strange unexplained objects moving in the night sky for years, only because I like to star gaze.  But I have never seen anything like this and so up close.  It was a perfectly calm and clear early morning,  I was taking my dogs out to do their morning duties,  (I get up very early because of my work schedule I start at 4:00AM) when I looked up and out of the corner of my eye, to the southeast, I noticed a light.  When I turned and focused on it, it was moving silently northwest, completely void of audible sound.  My dogs were oblivious of the craft.  This craft was very close, the best way to describe it, was if you were to take both hands and hold them above and in front of your head about 12 - 16 inches apart, that is how large it looked.  It was a quarter moon crescent shape (as far as I could tell by the possition of the lights) and had 7 amber/orange lights on the forward moving part of the craft. We have some very tall, large pine trees in our back yard, and I had to walk to the north to look past them when it flew by and over.  It all happened in a matter of about 30 seconds.  My mind was racing trying to comprehend what I have just seen.  I know what I saw because I am a believer, but my mind was telling me differently. I was trying so hard to debunk it in my head.  So many different explanations were going through my head.  But I couldn't explain it.  I hurried my dogs up and by the time I was back in the house I was shaking.  I don't get shook, I'm 6 foot 2, 300 lbs.  But this got me going. Now it gets even more interesting...  The following day I am on the beginning of my 5 day off shift change.  I am doing my normal early morning rituals to stay on schedule, letting the dogs out so on and so on, etc. etc.  The first 2 days off were uneventful mornings for star gazing.  It was cloudy and overcast.  But on the third day it was very clear so I was looking up and about like a mad man trying to see another UFO.  To my amazement (because I was just hoping not really thinking I would see anything) I saw to the southwest, towards Milwaukee, very high in the sky 4 objects moving about.  These objects looked like stars but were moving in all directions.  I kept an eye on them and scanned the sky with the other and there it was, the same object I saw 3 days earlier but much farther away. It was to the northwest, towards West Bend.  This time it was moving very erratically, up, down, left to right, in circles and in a figure eight type pattern.  This time it was about the size of a pea because I believe it was much farther away.  I watched it for about a minute or so, then it moved very quickly to the north and just faded out of sight.  I thought this may just be a drone but for as fast as it moved and with no sound I have to rule that out. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.3255;-88.1644
