Very fast and bright light crosses sky in less then 10 seconds.;2009-12-31 23:15:00;10 seconds;Very fast and bright light crosses sky in less then 10 seconds. A white round light was spotted while driving southbound on 45 near Jackson, Wisconsin. The sighting took place New Years eve on my way home from work around 11:15 p.m.  This light seemed very high in the sky and traveled across the sky in a matter of seconds. traveled in a straight line until it went behind some clouds, then emerged on the other sides of the clouds.  It continued to traveled in an arch until it disappeared beyond the horizon.;43.3255;-88.1644
Strange bright yellow lights moving across the sky.;2012-10-20 19:00:00;~5 minutes;Strange bright yellow lights moving across the sky. Saturday night out in back yard and noticed 2 bright yellow star like items moving in the sky from east to west, they were side by side.   They both stopped and hovered for awhile and then shot straight up at a high rate of speed.  Three people watched this happen and then we saw another single bright yellow light, larger than the first two also travel from east to west, stopped at the same location as the first two hover for awhile and then also shot straight up in the sky.... I have never seen anything like this and have no explanation for what they were. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.3255;-88.1644
Multiple bodies of light flashing and floating over the Washington County area. They were NOT stars;2013-09-22 21:00:00;20 minutes;Multiple bodies of light flashing and floating over the Washington County area. They were NOT stars We were driving south on Hwy P, returning to Jackson from West Bend, WI.  It is quite dark on Hwy P, therefore the stars in the sky are more visible than they are in a more lighted area. My son pointed a group of lights in the sky that appeared to be flashing and floating slightly.  I am not at all a believer in UFO's or aliens, but this spooked me out.  If it were just one or two floating flashes of light, I would have assumed it was an airplane or two...but this was not the case.  There were multiple flashes of light. We looked west, towards the Town of Hartford.  In that direction, I counted more than 20 flashes of light that appeared to be moving.  There was an obvious difference between the stars are these entities of light. I have no idea what they were, but they were spread across the sky and moving.  The stars were stationary in comparison. As we approached our home, there were a few Jackson Police officers along with a Washington County Sheriff who had pulled over a man who apparently been drinking.  I asked one of the officers if she had a moment as I was driving by.  She said yes, so I pulled my car over.  She came over and my children and I got out and began explaining what we saw.  By that time, the westward sky was blocked by trees, and the officer dismissed the handful of lights that were eastward as airplanes.  I could see she was not going to believe the story we were telling about the multiple lights west of us.  I then just asked if she knew of any military exercises in the area.  She replied that she knew of none. With that, we left and went home. My sons and I were having a hard time shaking what we had just seen.  It was NOT normal.  That is when I searched the internet for a log of UFO sightings.  I found this website and am taking the time to log this because what I saw was that strange and amazing.;43.3255;-88.1644
8 UFO, triangular pattern (orange in color, oval in shape).;2015-07-04 22:00:00;5 minutes;8 UFO, triangular pattern (orange in color, oval in shape). This instance took place on July 4th, 2015, after watching the fireworks.  I saw three orange objects slowly flying in a triangular formation. They stopped and hovered for about 5-10 seconds.  Then one by one, they went straight up into the sky.  They seemed to change yellowish color as they disappeared into the sky. As the last object in the pattern went up a fourth, orange object appeared from behind them.  This one followed the same pattern as the other three.  Stopping to hover for a few seconds, and then going straight up into the sky changing to a yellowish color before disappearing. After about one or two minutes this strange occurrence happened exactly the same one last time. I waited for hours to witness this again. Nothing happened after that again. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.3255;-88.1644
