West Bend/Jackson area - bright. white lighted triangle shaped object in the sky.;2012-09-01 21:00:00;a few minutes;West Bend/Jackson area - bright. white lighted triangle shaped object in the sky I was on my way home to West Bend right around 9:00 p.m.ish going north on 45.  I noticed a light in the sky and originally thought it was a low-flying airplane.  The light coming from the craft was yellow and white in color and it actually kind of looked like I was seeing it on a foggy day because the light was hazy, but still bright enough to get my attention.  As I was looking at it, I realized it wasn't an airplane because it was kind of just hovering there.  So I concluded it was a helicopter.  But then it started to move smoothly to the left, then the right, then dip down on an angle and then then up. I was asking myself out loud: &quotwhat the hell is that?&quot over and over again.  As I was driving, just before I came to a line of trees, it turned.  I then was able to see the underside of it ... it was triangle in shape with lots of bright, bright white lights.  Then the trees got in the way.  When I finally passed through the trees, it was gone.;43.3255;-88.1644
Large bright blue triangular shaped moving in figure 8 pattern, dipping up and down in the sky;2012-09-01 22:00:00;4 minutes;large bright blue triangular shaped moving in figure 8 pattern, dipping up and down in the sky My son and I were outside on the porch of our house. My 13 year old son pointed to the sky and said &quotwhat is that mom?!? Is that a UFO?!?&quot  I thought he was joking, but when I looked where he was pointing there was a triangular shaped very bright lighted, what looked to be like some sort of vehicle. At first I assumed it must be a helicopter or a plane, but there were no flashing red lights on it and it was flying much to low to be a plane. Plus it was a very bright blue and it seemed like the whole thing was lit up. I was still skeptical that it could possibly be wa UFO. But then it started to fly very strangely, like nothing I had ever in my 38 years before. It seemed to fly in a figure 8 pattern and then it dipped down below some trees in the distance, blocking our view. At this point I thought we had possibly witnessed a small airplane crash.  Suddenly it came back up from beneath the view of the trres and began to fly erratically again.  A few mi! nutes later it dipped below the trees and our view once again.  We kept watching for it to reappear, even walked around the corner of the neighborhood to see if we could see it again but it never reappeared.   Also, it was much to large to be some sort of remote control aircraft someone might use to fly for fun.  Unexplainable.;43.3255;-88.1644
