Low flying triangle.;2011-07-01 00:00:00;Seconds;Low flying triangle. I could only guess at the date this event took place, but I remember the event itself very well since I suppose I must have recounted it for an hour straight afterward.  I was driving threw downtown lafollete on the four lane which is the only main road threw the town, on my way to a close friends house. It was getting dark out the time being around late dusk, my eyes focused on a set of three lights up ahead which were above the road ahead, but their was a bend in the road and I quickly assumed these lights were just streetlights, but as I got closer I realized that these lights were on the bottom of some type of air craft which was moving so slowly that it had previously looked stationary. I began freaking out loudly laughing and saying oh my god, while trying to get a good look at the aircraft without rear ending the vehicle in front of me, I even tried to pull off on the side of the road, but by the time I was able to I would have had to have turned around as I had went around another bend in the road. The road was fairly busy that night, and I seen a young boy in another car with his face nearly plastered to his window looking at the craft as well, so I know others could see it.  I can only estimate the size, and height of the craft. I would guess it must have been 10-15x as high as an average streetlight pole, as several times larger then a passenger jet. ( Like I say these are entirely estimates and could be off ) I could really only see the underside of the craft, I could see no windows or other openings. The craft was mostly a triangular shadow, with three larger white lights on the underside, one in the front, two in the rear, with a smaller flashing red light between the two rear white lights, but set slightly forward them. The craft was low enough that as this red light flashing I could see some texture to what appeared to be a domed covering which I would liken to looking like a cars break light. I heard no sound emitting from the craft.   I would like to include that a friend who lives near the location where I had this sighting had told me a story about a craft with this same description a week or so prior to my sighting. He had told me that himself and a friend of his were walking the road near his house at night, when what looked like a star lowered above them, and then continued off in the direction the craft I later seen had been traveling. When he told me this story I didn't believe him. I thought he was just making it up, until I had my sighting.  I am amazed that this craft flew so low, and in such an incredibly peculiar way, almost hovering in place it moved to slowly. Yet I have never heard another people say anything about it aside from my friend who had told me about seeing something similar prior to my sighting. I just for the life of me do not understand how web sites like topix weren't abuzz with chatter about it, how it didn't end up being talked about in the local paper.  My gut tells me this was not an ET craft, but something from here. The flashing red light on the bottom of the craft just looked to much like stuff iv seen, and similar to the lights on the bottom of planes, and jets. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));36.4248;-84.0907
