Silent, triangular craft, lined with pale blue/white lights, headed south;1998-09-19 00:00:00;5 minutes;Silent, triangular craft, lined with pale blue/white lights, headed south I was stargazing and listening to an Art Bell replay.  Boulder City is in the east-west flight path for McCarran Airport in Las Vegas.  Many planes fly over every day and night.  I've been out in the night before and never do these flights ever really stop.  This night, I was watching stars and planes through binoculars.  I put the binocs down as the news came on the radio.  I noticed there were no planes overhead at that moment.  Then, while looking straight up (at Casseiopia, slightly to the back of me) I saw what looked like a V-shaped constellation, but it was moving. It was absolutely silent (while every plane can be heard in the still night air), it seemed about as big as my fist held straight up, and was headed due south.  Lake Mead lies directly north of where I live.  By the time I got my binocs up to look closer, I just barely located the craft before it disappeared over the top of my house and I never did get a good close-up look at it.  Within just a few minutes, the regular flight traffic reappeared.  Could this have been a Stealth craft?;35.9726;-114.8356
Black Triangle With Dim Lights;2005-03-13 01:30:00;10 seconds;Black Triangle With Dim Lights At approxamently 1:30 am I went outside to retrive an item from my vehicle, which was parked in the street.  As I turned around to go back to my house which is situated on a small hill, causing my field of vision to be pointed slightly upward, I noticed what at first I thought to be a flock of 3 birds, traveling from  SW to NE, moving quickly.  As I watched this object cross directly over me, I realized that the stars were being blocked out behind it,and it was totally silent. The object had 3 dimly lit, golden colored half spheres located on the bottom of the object at the corners of the black triangle shape.  The object then left my sight as it went behind the building accross the street.  This event lasted approxamently 10 seconds.;35.9726;-114.8356
