White oval shapped object no other lights, seeming to constantly rotate in a circle.;2006-08-26 01:00:00;Aprox. 5 hours;White oval shapped object no other lights, seeming to constantly rotate in a circle. This was actually my second sighting, but have just recently decided to post it after reading another accounter that sounded a lot a like. There was a difference in color but the observer is from Midland, which is fairly close to my location.  My first sighting was driving home from a friends' house around 1am and had pulled off a dirt road onto a paved road. Right away I noticed something in the upper left corner of my front window. I assumed it was a bat or hawk due to it's rotating motions. A minute or so down the road I was wondering why it would stay with me and at the same spot. I then noticed when the trees along side of the road came it would disapear from view and then come back into view when trees weren't there. I dimmed my lights thinking I had something lose or broken in them, it was still there. I was now almost half a mile from my house and had slowed down to 20mph watching the object. At this point I was scared, I almost missed turning into my drive way and when I did I pulled right next to the front door to my house. I gathered my house keys and opened my car door quickly. When I closed my car door I looked behind me (Dirrect East) and saw it was a white, oval shape and always moved in a large circle. The color was about the same as the stars, maybe a bit brighter, only white that I could see. This was the first time I could clearly see it and not doubt myself on what it was. I ran to my door, put in my key, went into my bed room and sat on the bed. I had never experienced anything like it before, so I was very scared. I kept thinking I am your friend I won't hurt you, I wanted them to know I would befriend them or something. I did feel a numbish comforting feeling, though I layed awake for 2 hours before falling to sleep.  My second sighting I was driving home from my girlfriends house, at least a week or more had went by. I had been looking for it every night, but had no luck. This night I thought was the same, I pulled in my usual parking spot further from my front door. When I got out of my car I looked up and there it was! I ran to the house door, but curiousity compeled me to watch it. I stayed there, watching it for about an hour before I was shivering. I then hurried in my house, grabbed a coat and came back out, it was still in the same place. It would always move in circles, maybe this was how it stayed in flight. I would say every 2 or 3 seconds it would revovle. I gained courage to walk out back to my car, then to the back door to my house. It moved a bit as if following me. I then walked to garage, barn, camper, and start of field which it always would follow me. I looked back towards my house and saw a light, so someone else was up. I walked back up to the house thinking now that it would not go away if I went back inside. My grand father was awake and I had him come out in his underware just to see it. He was in the seventh army anti-aircraft and had a better perception of it's distance then I. He said it appeared to very high up, which I had thought it was lower and very small. Being high up made more logic and I realized that it was probably a more reasonable explaination. He went inside after about 20 minutes and I followed. I told him I wanted to walk out into the field and see how far it would follow me. He told me to be safe and take his truck, so I did. I drove around our hay fields for a few laps at low speed watching it follow me. It always stayed on the east side of me. I felt like I should go to our back field down a two trail through the woods, but I think I was too scared. I ended up comming back to the house and parking the truck. I then watched it until 5:30am or so when I felt the need to sleep. I went to my door and waved good bye, hoping I would see it again another night. While I got ready ! to go to bed, I looked out the window several times until about 6am and it was still outside. I hope to see the object again, which I believe is a UFO. To add, both nights were very clear skys though I cannot recall seeing the moon. From my house door the object looked to be telephone pole hight, maybe a bit higher, but was very small about size of hand. I would guess it was very high, but I don't know if you could calculate angles some how to find out. If you need more inforation please let me know. The sighting has really made me rethink life and realize that the unbelievable could really be true. I hope that people can take the time to read my incounter and believe in it. I now have a video camera ready and waiting so if I am lucky and this UFO allows me to I will hopefully be able to record it. Unforunitly I can't afford to stay awake every night to look for it, but I try to look out the window whenever I can or look in the sky when I drive home. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));43.8561;-85.0249
