Triangle and orb type craft over Ftworth/parker county texas;2020-02-01 01:34:00;2 hours;triangle and orb type craft over Ftworth/parker county texas I walked out side to get food off the grill when i noticed a weird lighted triangle about 5000 ft above doing axis over axis rotation with a red light at the mid point on all 3 sides. I grabbed my friend to show him and when we looked up again we noticed dozens of the objects at that seemed were maintain their altitude but in a constant gyroscopic rotation that. after a moment we noticed the sky it covered in these triangular craft but these appeared almost as they were in orbit like a star and the earth was rotating. 2 groups of these craft about 10 or so in each were in the formation of the little and big dipper. in the east there was few one looked to be over JRB air base but over the west in orbit looked like a WW2 movie with dozens and dozens of these craft similar to a bombing squadron but not advancing and the only movement was the earths rotation as the crafts that seemed to be in orbit like a star and were in the same place in the sky almost two hou! rs later. I got a picture that was clear when i took it but after i sent it as a text message it appeared the iphone camera picture lost its resolution (i know this sounds crazy but i have a witness). I started to take video on my iphone 11 and this too captured these triangular craft in the west above aledo texas with a perfect white outline that would appear to turn into an orb as you got closer with the zoom. Thinking I zoomed in too far and the orb was just too much focus, i backed out the zoom just a little bit and I could clearly see a rotating octagon shape gyro scoping around its own axis.   The pictures are no longer clear and in the video that showed the lower flying air craft outlines are blurry after i text messaged them from my iphone but the the orb typed objects that showed during my zooming on the video (zooming during the incident) are clear as day of the object that showed a clear outline of the craft by eye and by iphone camera at no zoom turned into a gy! ro scoping octogon orb. I could only see the orb as i zoomed i! n on cam era but when I would look directly at the craft i never saw the orb this was only seen on camera as it zoomed in to a certain point. I was suprised to wake up and see no coverage or reports of this incident as it was a saturday night over DFW Texas and the whole time we watched we didnt see one single commercial or private air craft and we are 30 miles from DFW Airport and 3 miles from JRB Airstation, and along hwy 30 west where careflight and often 3 chinook helicopters fly  over using the below hwy as a visual visual route.;32.7003;-97.6086
