Lights appearing and disappearing in a set patteren;2010-09-25 22:15:00;30-45 mins;Lights appearing and disappearing in a set patteren I work nights in the oilfields driving a tanker truck. I was in the process of picking up a load in the middle of a cotton field at approximately 10:15pm central time. As I was walking around checking all of the valves on the tanks, I happened to notice a brilliant red light in the sky.  At first I thought it was a plane but as I watched I realized the light was stationary.  It was approximately 1/2 mile from my location and approximately 1000 ft off the ground.  This lasted for about 2 minutes before 2 more lights appeared slightly higher in the sky and slightly to the left.  These were yellowish orange color. The lights just faded in till they reached there brightest point.  At this time the red light faded out at the same rate as the 2light yellowish lights appeared.  As soon as the red light had disappeared completely, 2 more yellowish orange lights appeared slightly higher up and to the left of the already visible yellowish lights.  This time as soon as the li! ghts reached the brightest point, the previous 2 yellowish lights faded out just as the red light had done.  The first 2 lights were on approximately 2 seconds before the next 2 lights became to show up.  Once the second set of yellowish lights were on for approximately 2 seconds they faded out at the same rate they came on.  The sky was then dark for about 10 seconds before the red light came back on.  Fading in just as the other lights had done. Then the pattern continued at random intervals for the remainder of the event.  I tried to capture video as well as pictures.  Every time I placed the camera up to take a picture the lights would not come on. As soon as I put the camera back in my truck, the lights returned.  The field I was in while viewing this is completely flat with no trees to block my view.  The night was completely clear with no clouds, had a light breeze, but cannot remember what phase the moon was in.  There were no lights close to me to cause any reflections or i! nterference with my line of sight.;33.5796;-102.3633
