Bright craft, beam of  light in the shape of a J extending out in front of it.;2009-09-09 21:42:00;21:42 to 21:44;Bright craft, beam of  light in the shape of a J extending out in front of it. Seen from 9:42 p.m. to 9:44 p.m.  One bright light very similar to the space station and traveled about the same path.  This bright light had a beam of foggish light beaming from the North side of it in the shape of a J, and the light actually beamed out the side and in front of the craft.  The beam of light moved with the craft and never fell behind it as some type of exhaust would.  The sky was very dark and the craft was very visible.  As soon as the object disappeared some type of aircraft or satellite headed in the same direction just out of the same path following it.;44.0381;-86.214
This is a light in the sky towards the horizon it looks like a dim star kinda hard to see if Ur not looking at it. I noticed it because;2012-06-10 00:04:00;1 hour still going;This is a light in the sky towards the horizon it looks like a dim star kinda hard to see if Ur not looking at it.   I noticed it because there was a radio tower flashing red lights and this dim looking star was to the top left of that radio tower.  About fifteen minutes later I look up toward the tower and this light that I thought was a star has moved ever so slowly to the right of the tower.   This is not a star or an air plane it is moving to fast across the horizon to be a star and to slow to he an air plane.   It is 12:15 now and it has moved a considerablr amount to the right of this radio tower.  It is obvious to me that are government is not telling me the truth about anything let alone crafts that are probly powered by mercury vortex engines and can move across space and time like we can't imagine,and this is prolly going to be blacked out and forgotten.but UFOs and aliens ARE REAL it is obvious that we are justo the pawns but even pawns can win a game. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide no contact information.  We are unconvinced as to whether this is a serious-minded report, o not.  We receive many prank reports and calls from Michigan.  PD));44.0381;-86.214
