I looked up into the sky and saw two what I thought were stars.;2013-02-19 19:00:00;20 seconds;I was outside looking for something in my car and I looked up into the sky and saw two what I thought were stars, but they were brighter than all the others which caught my attention.  So I stood there and studied them then they started moving to my right slowly,  As I watched them a third light appeared behind them which formed a triangular formation, which really baffeled me.  So the third light in the back which appeared disappeared about 2 seconds after it appeared.  Then the others disappeared with about a 2 second interval in between each.  The craft was a couple hundred feet above the treeline, was fairly big, made no noise, lights weren't blinking and the way it appeared were as if all the lights were in sync with each other.  I'm not sure if this was one craft or three seperate ones.  Note, As I said when the lights disappeared they didnt fade into the distance nor did they disappear simultaneously it was all at seperate times. They just disappeared where they were.;33.9582026694051;-81.2345562628339
Weird Unexplained events.;2013-10-04 02:59:00;7 minutes;Weird Unexplained  events Let me start by saying that these events have accrued over a period of months I’ll start from the beginning.   A few days after May 31, the release of the movie “After Earth”.  My friend, His Mother, and I were heading back from a local movie theater when we traveled down a back road, we hadn’t been on the road too long before we noticed something catching our eye off to the right of the vehicle, passing the object we paid no mind till breaking in the middle of the lane and reversing  (Please note we were the only ones in the lane or on that certain road)  The driver of the vehicle put it in park before exiting the driver’s side (My friend) His mother and I watch from the passenger seat and the back.  What we saw all of three of describe as  a bright blinding chrome orb that was sitting stilly at tree top level before moving slowly to the right further across the sky leaving a trail behind it before dissipating into the night.  We had no clue what we had just seen but we all agreed it was not a normal aircraft or an aircraft at all.  We decided to call the local police department to report what we had seen earlier in the evening before feuding to keep it a secret. Over a various of months we had seen the orbs multiple more times it began to scare both my friend and I to the point we didn’t know what to do  It would do what the first night did. It would move lightly leave a trail and vanish,  Still the same blinding chrome orb, but the freakiness had just began.  My friend and his mother have always lived in the woods, now he’s seen the orbs out there more than twice, but with added affects.  He knows what the sounds of the forest should sound like and look like.  When he steps out of his home late at night he begins to experience strange sounds unlike any he has heard before and has seen figures described as Humanoid, but not quite so.  I on the other hand have not had the “pleasure” of meeting or hearing such creatures, but I have, like him, seen the orbs on multiple occasions. We don’t personally know how to describe the next experience, but I’ll try to.  We don’t know whether to take this a ironic and unrelated dream, but my friend tents to stay with me in my home every now and again because I mostly live alone, one night whilst I was asleep,  He had said he woke up to the light from a street lamp we have in our front yard he moved my curtains to peer out into the yard seeing a sleek, slender, tall man standing motionlessly in the front yard by the lamp,  He said he closed the curtains before returning to peer again the creature closer than before,  He repeated the process till the creature was peering in back at him, he said he tried to wake me to no avail. Ironically he said it stared till day light which is when he “woke up”.  The creature’s facial features where described as boney thin very pale and solid black eyes. The most recent and most creepy and most disturbing one Friday, October 4, 2013 at 3:30am my friend had went outside by our pool to smoke before rushing back in calling my name and calling me outside I casually walk outside to seem him shaking almost dropping his cigarette and pale as a ghost he said he was looking to the stars before seeing a formation over the home that he had not noticed before he was shocked to see that he recognized the “stars” to be the orbs we’ve seen before but in a triangular formation and not emitting a trail as before.  He told me that it had hovered over the home for a few minutes before moving over our pond silently (At tree level) before disappearing and as this was happing he heard nothing it was completely silent till it disappeared.  Not long after dogs began to bark, then multiple whines and whimpers.  Strange sounds fallowed after words such as loud knocking and weird sounds indescribable.  He then went on to add that at the end of a small gate that leads to the dam of my pond he said he once again saw a Humanoid, but this one looked more human than creature despite the fact it was for only split second.;33.9582026694051;-81.2345562628339
