Two cylinders or disks circling for several minutes;2003-08-06 13:20:00;5 minutes;Two cylinders or disks circling for several minutes This is my second report this week.  Just a few moments ago I was looking out my window and noticed in front of a cloud something that appeared to be cylinder-shaped making tight circles.  At first I thought perhaps it was an eagle, as it did have dark edges and a lighter center, but as it circled I saw it catch the glint of the sun and shine brightly for a second.  At this point I noticed there were two of them circling round and round, in relatively stationary, tight circles.  They were likely several miles to the west of me, and I'd guess about 5000 feet up -- perhaps 1/3 of the way from horizon to zenith.  I called to my co-worker and he came over and also saw these objects.  Most of the time only one could be seen, but a couple of times the objects were seen to move in an almost synchronised fashion.  They may have been cylinder-shaped, as they tilted while circling, but from my perspective it's hard to say -- i.e. they may have been disks.  I can say with confidence, they were not airplanes.  In any case, they were fascinating to watch for approximately 5 minutes, when I lost them in a cloudbank.  A few minutes later, at exactly 1.28, I looked out and noticed a dark airplane, flying relatively low -- an old, military-looking prop plane, from west to east.  It passed my building just to the south.  Incidentally, this morning I saw a small, silent, dark oval drifting very slowly overhead from west to east out my office window, which occasionally seemed to flash a light, and I went outside to watch it it seemed to hover and float ever so slowly (at times seeming to almost stand still) -- directly overhead.  I won't make it a separate report, but I consider it suspicious I wished I had my binoculars with me so that I could have confirmed whether it was a balloon!  My guess is that it was not a balloon, because it was drifting very, very slowly to the east, and the clouds above were moving to the east southeast.  Hard to say. ((NUFORC Note:  We know this witness, from previous reports,  and we consider her to be a very good, reliable observer.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to this MUFON member for submitting the report.  PD));39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
3 yellowish lights forming a triangle with a bright beam of light pointing down in the center.;2011-12-25 22:00:00;30 seconds;3 yellowish lights forming a triangle with a bright beam of light pointing down in the center. I first spotted the object about a mile ahead of it.  There was only one large round light on and the light pointing down appeared to be pointing straight ahead. My first thought was that it was a small plane getting ready to land.  As I had never seen a landing strip there I thought it was odd. As I got closer I realized the light was pointing straight down and not forward. I then realized the object was just floating there and I thought maybe it was a street lamp.  Then the other two round lights lit up. The dim one in the back flashed bright and then struggled to light up all the way.  This is when I really got a feel for the size of the object and it's height as the lights were large, spaced pretty far apart and appeared to be part of the same surface. I drove back by the spot the next day in search of a logical explanation. There were no lamps close to that height and in fact it was hovering directly over an empty field that I believe belongs to the ranch n! earby.;39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
Non-flashing bright object moving from the SW to the NE over the Denver Skyline at 5:15 am;2013-11-12 05:15:00;4 minutes;non flashing bright object moving from the SW to the NE over the Denver Skyline at 5:15 am At 5:15 am I went out to get the paper and noticed a bright non-blinking object in the sky, moving from the southwest to the northeast over the Denver metropolitan area.  From my position it was moving from over Chatfield Dam, across Bowman and NE towards DIA.  It was moving at a uniform speed. I knew it was not a plane, since it was so bright, like a planet, with the sun shining on it.  The light was pure and non-fluctuating.  It was moving at such a speed, that I was able to run into the house, grab some binoculars and get back out to look at it.  It had moved about 20 degrees across the sky.  When I focused on it, I was looking for the typical wing light that are on a plane.  I did not see any, just the pure white object moving through the sky.  I did not have any time to get my 800 power spotting scope to look at it. There was no sound associated with the object.  Planes that usually fly this route leave an audible sound trail. I routinely look at the sky in the early morning, which is why I found this object so interesting.  I immediately checked the Internet to see if this was the space station.  I could not confirm the location of the space station on any of the web sites I searched.;39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
