Black oval / disk shaped craft banks around low white puffy cloud.;2006-12-15 15:00:00;30 - 60 seconds;Black oval / disk shaped craft banks around low white puffy cloud. The craft was shaped like a football that was somewhat flattened with it's points cut off and black as the ace of spades.  You could even say it was capsule like shaped.  The crafts was approximately 3 to 3.5 miles to the north and about 1200 - 1500 ft in the sky.  The reason I know the distance is because it was fling directly over an area I bicycle frequently.  The point at which I sighted the craft was the enterance of our condominiums.  The reason I can approximate the height of the craft was because it approached a 'low' white puffy cloud (east of the cloud) and banked around the puffy clound going from a southern direction (at me) to a west direction.  This cloud was only one of two clouds in the sky.  My back was to the south the craft was almost dead north to my vantage point which means the sun was hitting this craft  directly head on from my vantage point.  Their was a passanger jet aircraft further to the northwest of this craft. It was flying west.  I can even approximate it's distance because I know this area very well in miles.  The black oval / disk craft was traveling at a speed relevant to that of a piper cub would travel in the sky.  Now, I was in a car with my fiancée and she likes to (shall I say) talk it up, when I saw this craft in motion.  We were heading south out of the complex she had to slow down for the speed bumps as you exit and wait for traffic at the street.  It gave me enough time to observe the craft before we truned and drove east, the craft already banked around the cloud at that time and was heading west.  I dare not interrupt my fiancée while she was talking besides she had to watch the road.  Having a lifetime experience of observing aircraft at the same height and distance in the sky, as this was, I can say with certainty this craft was at the same length as a commercial / passanger jet.  Also, and this is very important, I saw this very same exact craft in a archived UFO photo with a Vietnam era fighter aircraft with it in the sky. Lastly, this is not my first sighting.  However, it 'is' the most clear and closest sighting thus far.  P.S. Mr. Davenport I heard you on the Jeff Rense program I hope these paragraphs are the way you wanted them.  I also, found your info on the frozen methane to be fasinating.  I will look further into that, thank you. ((name and e-address deleted));39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
Silver object in Littleton, CO sky moving southeast to northwest. SIgnificantly above airline paths.;2013-10-09 14:00:00;>15 minutes;Silver object in Littleton, CO sky moving southeast to northwest. SIgnificantly above airline paths. Very clear day, bright blue sky.  While walking to car, noted a bright silver object in the sky moving from southeast to northwest.  Very tiny in sky - initially thought it might be a child's escaped balloon until a commercial airplane flew significantly beneath the object without causing it to change direction or fluctuate in any way, suggesting it was a large object observed from a long distance.  There were no trails or fluctuations.  Object continued to move across sky, from southeast to northwest. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
