Black Triangle near downtown Littleton,CO;2001-11-23 19:45:00;5 mins;Black Triangle near downtown Littleton,CO My buddy and I had just walked out of his apt (near Federal/Bowles) and I always make a joke about something in the sky--but this time there was something there.  We stood out there and watched a huge Black Triangle move north (west side of Federal). It made no noise at all, I could see three lights, one in each corner, one red, one blueish and one green.  I know it was very close to the ground, but not that close (there is a building right there that is a few stories.) We lost site of it after about 5mins or so. My best est is that it about as big as a city block? I am a Professional Trucker--I see stuff from time to time.  My buddy is a Mgr for a specialty sporting goods company. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
I saw a well defined triangular craft and started an absession with space because of it.;2005-04-15 22:00:00;sighting;I saw a well defined triangular craft and started an absession with space because of it. When i was in second grade i witnessed a triangular shaped craft fly over head.  i was watching a movie late at night in my bedroom.  i felt an impulse to look out side at the sky. A minute later a triangular craft fly over head right above my windows view.  it had lights scattered on the bottom of it. there were three main lights at each corner of the craft.  the size was about 8 to 15 ft long.  it moved at what i think about 30-ish miles per hour.  there was no sound made and i saw no exhaust.  before this in first grade i began an absession with space and aliens.  im still plagued with this unhealthy absession and have began to notice that im missing peices of my memory and have scars all over me that ive had no memory of getting.  since the sighting ive had a ringing in my ears that only ocours on certain nights and times.  also i beleive there is an airfeild or some sort of military base near where i lived. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
After a firework show at Clement Park there was a huge craft hovering over the lake.  It was difficult to make out the shape.  You coul;2015-07-04 22:00:00;10 minutes;After a firework show at Clement Park, there was a huge craft hovering over the lake.  It was difficult to make out the shape.  You could definitely feel the presence. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
Nine crafts triangle in shape, in formation and movement and dull silver in color.;2016-08-01 16:00:00;10 minutes;Nine crafts triangle in shape, in formation and movement and dull silver in color. Nine crafts were identical in shape, color and movement. They were triangle in shape and gunmetal gray in color, a dull but still slightly shiny silver metal color. All nine were in a triangle formation and seemed to be slightly moving, vibrating, together in a triangle pattern - from top to bottom right corner, across to bottom left corner then back to top forming a three step movement. We observed this for about five minutes, ruling out, in our minds, the possibility they might be weather balloons or drones. As we started again on our hike, we looked back several times to still see them hovering in same manner. After a few more minutes, we looked back and they were gone with no trail, no sound. That night I searched the internet for UFO’s and didn’t find anything even similar to what we saw. Seeing a UFO is much like seeing a ghost, seeing is believing. And so, while we did tell friends what we saw, it felt overreactive to report a siting given there was no proof to provide in photos or video. UNTIL I saw a news segment in May 2021 regarding the leaked video of UFO’s swarming a Navy ship and wondered if those swarming crafts were our UFO’s.;39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
Giant Triangular UFO over Colorado Front Range 9-2-16;2016-09-02 22:30:00;stationary;Giant Triangular UFO over Colorado Front Range 9-2-16. I'm not sure if I saw a craft or if it was a perfect trine between Jupiter, Saturn and Mars.  I went out to walk my dog and to the SSW it first appeared that there were three stars in perfect alignment.  After looking at it for several minutes, it seemed that I might be seeing a gigantic triangle, many miles across with lights at each corner.  I say that because I could not see stars in the area of the triangle. I have looked for the form for the past two evenings at different times and seen nothing, so I am more convinced it was a UFO as opposed to three planets or bright stars aligned. I have been hoping that others would report this because of the size, but I haven't found any reports so far... If it was a triangular UFO, it was at least a couple of hundred miles away and if you folded a standard postcard to make a triangle and held it at arm's length, it would have shown a border around it, making it gigantic. I have seen photos of objects that seemed to be that size taken from the space station and other orbiting vehicles.;39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
Slow moving triangle-shaped crafts at low elevation, and drones.;2020-07-21 22:00:00;3 hours;Slow moving triangle-shaped crafts at low elevation, and drones. Littleton, CO 80128 At approximately 10:02pm on Monday, July 21st, 2020, I was reminded by the local news to take a look outside as the Neowise comet may be visible. I didn’t see the comet, but knowing that the ISS was also supposed to be visible from my location around that time. I immediately spotted a slowly blinking light moving from west to east. Its direction suddenly changed to the south and slowly made it towards my community. As it got closer, I noticed to trailing lights that were just a bit dimmer. Looking closely, it was obvious this was a triangular arrangement of lights that were now hovering over my townhome complex and making no sound. On a couple of separate occasions, the “trailing” lights got slightly brighter which allowed for more illumination of the overall craft it was indeed triangular. It was then that I noticed other moving lights in the area. Some with a faint red glow and others that appeared to be smaller versions of this particular craft. At one point one of the smaller crafts flew under the larger, original triangle and completely illuminated the underside of this object. The shadowing that the smaller craft cast provided a brief glimpse of texture to the underside of the larger craft. Think 4 very distinct “ribs” like you’d see on a leather car seat. The object would also occasionally shift as if to redirect its course while not actually going anywhere. Originally, the brightest light was facing south, but after about 30 minutes of observation, it was apparent it was now facing west. At this point I asked my daughter to come outside and tell me what she thought she was looking at. At first she said some planes, but I had to remind her that planes don’t hover and they are not generally silent. She then said, “Dad, what’s that,” and point in the direction of northeast sky. It appeared that there was a larger version of the original triangular-shaped object just a few miles to north of us. This one had all of its lights illuminated so that any observer could make out its outline – triangular but twice as large and with what may have been a tail, like a stingray. It then emitted a streak of white light to the northwest that left the atmosphere within a split second. This was the first of three instances that I saw streaking white lights heading in that direction. I could not verify any other sources however. Then the drones started flying. This was clearly a man-made object that flew from the north just along the top of some trees, took position just south of the object and flew up to an elevation of about 300 feet. It stayed right there for at least 3 hours. By 1:30am on Tuesday, there were at least 5 drones surrounding the object(s). I Invited some friends over to have a look and also met my neighbor in the parking lot they all confirmed exactly was I have described. In fact, once they went home, they could actually track that at least two small triangles had migrated slowly to the west. The drones moved accordingly. At this point I was too tired to stay up and just accepted that there are things out there that I may never understand.;39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
Slow moving triangle-shaped crafts at low elevation, and drones.;2020-07-21 22:02:00;3 hours;Slow moving triangle-shaped crafts at low elevation, and drones. Littleton, CO 80128  At approximately 10:02pm on Monday, July 21st, 2020, I was reminded by the local news to take a look outside as the Neowise comet may be visible. I didn’t see the comet, but knowing that the ISS was also supposed to be visible from my location around that time. I immediately spotted a slowly blinking light moving from west to east. Its direction suddenly changed to the south and slowly made it towards my community.  As it got closer, I noticed to trailing lights that were just a bit dimmer.  Looking closely, it was obvious this was a triangular arrangement of lights that were now hovering over my townhome complex and making no sound.  On a couple of separate occasions, the “trailing” lights got slightly brighter which allowed for more illumination of the overall craft it was indeed triangular. It was then that I noticed other moving lights in the area. Some with a faint red glow and others that appeared to be smaller versions of this particular craft. At one point one of the smaller crafts flew under the larger, original triangle and completely illuminated the underside of this object. The shadowing that the smaller craft cast provided a brief glimpse of texture to the underside of the larger craft.  Think 4 very distinct “ribs” like you’d see on a leather car seat.  The object would also occasionally shift as if to redirect its course while not actually going anywhere.  Originally, the brightest light was facing south, but after about 30 minutes of observation, it was apparent it was now facing west. At this point I asked my daughter to come outside and tell me what she thought she was looking at.  At first she said some planes, but I had to remind her that planes don’t hover and they are not generally silent.  She then said, “Dad, what’s that,” and point in the direction of northeast sky. It appeared that there was a larger version of the original triangular-shaped object just a few miles to north of us.  This one had all of its lights illuminated so that any observer could make out its outline – triangular but twice as large and with what may have been a tail, like a stingray.  It then emitted a streak of white light to the northwest that left the atmosphere within a split second.  This was the first of three instances that I saw streaking white lights heading in that direction.  I could not verify any other sources however. Then the drones started flying.  This was clearly a man-made object that flew from the north just along the top of some trees, took position just south of the object and flew up to an elevation of about 300 feet.  It stayed right there for at least 3 hours.  By 1:30am on Tuesday, there were at least 5 drones surrounding the object(s). I Invited some friends over to have a look and also met my neighbor in the parking lot they all confirmed exactly was I have described.  In fact, once they went home, they could actually track that at least two small triangles had migrated slowly to the west.  The drones moved accordingly. At this point I was too tired to stay up and just accepted that there are things out there that I may never understand.;39.5770400742115;-105.02146864564
