Ball of Fire! UFO seen in rural area, by person with knowledge of sight and sound of man-made craft! PLEASE READ!!!;2014-10-23 23:05:00;2 minutes;Ball of Fire! UFO seen in rural area, by person with knowledge of sight and sound of man-made craft! PLEASE READ!!! I have just left my mothers house and was getting into my car to head home. I live right next to her down the road so the drive is not far at all. As I left her porch I looked into the sky and saw what I would describe as a fireball sphere. It seemed to admit its own light and was mainly orange but occasionally a red a blue light would flash off. Figuring this was an airplane, considering I live a hop,  skip and a jump from a airport in Franklin at which does frequent test flying, I did not take the object to heart. I proceeded to my car and backed up to go home. As I turned from my mothers driveway I saw the object once again but it was closer. I drove very slowly and watch as the object started to disappear little by little. But considering I drove right passed trees I put that as the reason.  I parked my car in my driveway and looked out for the object, but did not see it again. But not long after did I hear what sound like a helicopter or airplane. Weird.! But I must tell you I have lived in this area my whole life. I have seen helicopters, planes, and even jets over the years. I know their sight and sound. This was nothing like I have ever seen before.;36.8402;-76.7345
Fire in the sky seemed to be be watching me, I felt something was there;2018-05-08 22:48:00;2 minutes;Fire un the sky seemed to be be watching me, I felt something was there I noticed out of the crack of my window which I don’t know how long before that it was there,  there was What appeared to be a fire in the sky,  it looed like someone lit a lighter from far away up in the sky and was just holding it veryyyy  still in one spot.  When I put my face in the window to look at it closer the next thing I knew it was gone and I never saw it again. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) It was at night!  Thank you, ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  Time above has been amended.  PD));36.8402;-76.7345
