High altitude, slow moving craft with flashing lights, moving in various directions for 3-4 hours;2020-08-15 00:45:00;3-4 hours;High altitude, slow moving craft with flashing lights, moving in various directions for 3-4 hours Hello Peter Davenport. Thanks for taking my call Tuesday, 8/18/20 and per our conversation here’s my account of the UFO sighting I noted that occurred on 8/15/20 at 12:45 A.M.. I, and a friend named Rob, was doing some deep sky imaging astronomy at a friend’s anch in Burnet Texas, when around 12:45A.M.  Rob spotted what looked like a “blinking star”.  Initially, I figured it was either a satellite, airplane, pulsar, or something else, but initially looking at the object naked-eyed it  didn’t appear to move against the background stars, or moved imperceptibly slow that I could not detect movement, so I took a break from imaging and went over to use my other telescope to look at the object visually. When I saw the object through my telescope I could hardly believe what I was seeing. The object wasn’t any of the things I thought it might be, and I don’t know what was, nor have I seen anything like it before.  The front of the craft was semi-circular, and the rear of the craft was less distinct but appeared to pan out in a wedge shape. The craft had 4 distinct very bright lights on the bottom, two towards the front, and two at the rear, which flashed in succession (two in the rear flashed, then the two in the front) along with small pin-like lights around the perimeter edge of the semi-circular portion of the craft that flashed third (front of craft). I shouted to Rob “Oh My God, you’ve got to see this!”. When Rob saw the object he too was amazed, and he confirmed what I was seeing, describing the craft exactly as I saw it. Initially we looked at the object for about 20 minutes, then I decided to train my imaging scope on the object and take some images. I took a few images starting at 1:02AM CST. My imaging scope is a wide-field setup so the resolution isn’t what I would have liked it so be, but nevertheless, I took some images which I will send to your email address. You will have to zoom in to see the object. I am sending a couple of JPEGs, but per or conversation I do have  the “FITS” images which is an astronomy file standard that contains various pieces of data including the date, time, equipment used, resolution, etc.. If this is needed, I’m happy to send these too one image is over 16 meg so I am not sending these files at this time, but the JPEGs are a direct copy. The pictures I’m sending were taken with a 106mm objective at 530mm Focal length and at roughly ¼ second exposure. Also, the craft lights flashed repeatedly as noted above, and continuously throughout the time we observed it with no change in intensity nor frequency. I did revisit the object twice after the initial sighting and there was no change in the flashing behavior. We initially spotted the object in the constellation of Lacerta, and the object seemed to move very slowly and not is a straight line like a satellite or aircraft would.  The object started out (from our initial spotting point) in the north-east about 68 degrees up from the horizon, traveled west by southwest crossing the zenith, traveled north, the then moved almost due south.  This occurred over a period of about 3-4 hours. Let me know if you would like to discuss this sighting or need anything else.;30.7766;-98.2641999999998
