A fireball to the eye, but through binoculars it was a saucer with lights around the bottom.;2016-10-28 00:30:00;20 minutes;A fireball to the eye but through binoculars it was a saucer with lights around the bottom. My son noticed an orange ball in the southern sky and watched it until it faded away in the northern sky on Saturday, Oct. 28, 2016, in Burnet, Texas.  He told me about it and when I looked up, I saw the orange ball of light in the east moving north and then fading away.  My son got the binoculars and my phone to record it if it came back again, it did...  We watched this thing do this 4 times.  As he watched it through the binoculars he described it to me as being a saucer with lights rotating, I didn't see that with my eye and the video is not very good as it doesn't depict anything but a fireball, but I did look through the binoculars and can verify what he saw.  The video I am sending is the third lap this thing took that we watched from start to finish.  Please disregard the audio and I apologize for the poor, poor quality of the video. I was on the phone  describing it to my cousin, who was a few blocks north and saw it as well, when it took the fourth lap, and this time it's trajectory was slightly different as it came right over my head. I got off the phone but wasn't able to capture what I saw with my naked eye, which was a saucer with lights and it had a bluish purple aura to it. It went right over my head in the middle of the street!  I mean not right above, but way lower than any helicopter or plane would ever be.  After it flew overhead, it again faded into the darkness, but not because it flew out of sight. It did not reappear that night that we know of, as we went inside.  It was very interesting to finally see something I have always known to be out there.  It is crazy how it would disappear in the North only to reappear in the South and it didn't look like it was further than the edges of our small town when it did this.  It was not very high up either. Thank you for your consideration of this report,  I hope to hear from someone. Blessings!;30.7766;-98.2641999999998
