incredibly bright white solid light that hovered for 5-10 minutes then disappeared;2009-11-16 19:00:00;5-10 minutes;incredibly bright white solid light that hovered for 5-10 minutes then disappeared I was driving home from work tonight from Bourbonnais and I take Rt. 50 (Cicero) North to get to my home town and I pass through Monee. I have seen more lights in Monee over the years than I have reported. Tonight (while heading north on Rt. 50) there was a bright light that was LOW to the horizon, in fact it almost seemed like it was a low flying plane at about the 11:00 position from my vantage point. It was BRIGHT, the brightest light in the night sky and so I knew it was close and I honestly thought it would be flying overhead soon as I was driving quite fast. I kept my eye on it while driving and it was stationary looking - it didn't rotate, it didn't zoom, it really just hovered or was moving very slowly I suppose.  All of a sudden (after about me watching it for maybe 3-4 minutes) it zoomed upwards STRAIGHT upwards (about 6 inches from my vantage point - don't know how many miles that would be in the sky) and then stayed THERE for another couple of minutes. I figured it would be moving at some point but it stayed there and then turned off completely. just as if someone turned their headlights off, the light went OUT!   I thought perhaps if it were a plane it would be going through the clouds and eventually come back out of the clouds - it never did.  I watched that area and the light did not appear again.  Whatever craft is able to just turn out the light, I'd like to know.  And it was also a single solid BRIGHT white light.;41.4182;-87.774
Small, orange light spotted on a back drop of clouds, then diminished and disappeared.;2011-05-23 23:30:00;2 minutes;Small, orange light spotted on a back drop of clouds, then diminished and disappeared. Right around 23:30 as my fiance and I were walking out to her car, we observed an orange ball of light in the eastern skyline.  The sky to the east was completely enveloped in clouds, and no stars or other lights were visible that night.  I can't be sure exactly of the size of the object, it was clearly far away as it only appeared to be a quarter inch speck of light.  The light remained perfectly stable, not moving at all, although it flickered rapidly.  After maybe a minute or two, the light got smaller in a linear fashion, until it was a speck, then disappeared.;41.4182;-87.774
