Multiple lights over Mimbres, NM.  ((NUFORC Note:  High-altitude balloon.  PD));2014-09-25 20:30:00;ongoing;Multiple lights over Mimbres, NM. ((NUFORC Note:  High-altitude balloon.  PD)) Every night for the last two weeks we have had some very strange lights in the sky.  They look somewhat like stars, but they were twinkling waaaaay too brightly.  I walked out of my house in Mimbres New Mexico around 830pm on the night of the 25th of September.  We had just had a good rain and the clouds had cleared off.  I looked up and saw at first 5 extremely bright and twinkling stars. As my eyes adjusted I noticed there were more like 30 or 40 of these lights strewn about all the way from the east side of my house through the south and to the east.  I went inside and got my wife to make sure I wasn’t just seeing things and I also grabbed a pair of Leupold 10x40 binoculars.  I looked at the closest “star” with the binos and saw that there was no way these things were stars.  They have extremely bright red, green, white, and blue lights that orbit around them at very high rate of speed.  The orbital pattern of the lights looks like the way an atom is portrayed.  The lights seem to rotate around the bright light at different angles, giving it the appearance that they  “twinkling” like stars but they are much too bright and the twinkling is much too obvious to be stars.  I didn’t tell anyone because I was trying to rationalize this in my head. On the following Saturday one of my neighbors approached and asked if we had seen the lights.  We confirmed the sightings to him.  We then proceeded to do a “group watch” of these lights over the next few nights.  Note that I took the position of the formation that was the most obvious in the sky on the first night so that I could rule out any type of atmospheric phenomena.  The objects were not in the same place the next night at the same time.  They had moved to completely different locations but were still there.  They are around every night but there are fewer each night.  We peaked around 50 objects.  They stay stationary wherever they are posted as you can actually watch the big dipper move past them.  They are NOT celestial objects.   I do not have any type of camera equipment that would capture them on a pic or video unfortunately.;32.9089;-108.0347
