April 11, 2016 Vancouver Island sighting of amber fireball orb witnessed by 2 civilians and 3 fighter pilots.;2016-04-11 22:15:00;15 minutes;April 11, 2016 Vancouver Island sighting of amber fireball orb witnessed by 2 civilians and 3 fighter pilots On the evening of April 11, 2016, between 10:15 and 11:45 pm, PST, a friend and I conducted a CE-5 on her property just north of Duncan, on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, the west coast of Canada. I was a skeptic, non-observer, and until then, UFOs were for lunatics and movies (thanks for decades of social conditioning).  My friend, a biologist, amateur pilot, and a professional businesswoman, had, over the course of several weeks, slowly revealed to me that she had seen things at night in the sky on many occasions that she could not explain, while walking her dogs around the large farm she lived on at the time.  As a pilot and amateur astronomer, she had easily ruled out all conventional aircraft, meteorites and common weather anomalies to explain her repeated observations.  The extent of her sightings up until April 11, 2016 were stationary lights resembling stars that got brighter, dimmed, and got brighter, several times, over several minutes, not seconds, seemingly on command.  She also observed objects resembling satellites in apparent size and distance travelling in non-linear fashion.  Curved trajectories, zigzags, right angle turns and reversals in direction were n! ot uncommon. I considered my friend to be a rational, intellectual and intelligent person. I listened politely to her description of her observations and her subsequent research into the topic.  A part of me believed she believed what she had seen, and a very small part was concerned for her sanity.  We are good friends and of one mind on many topics, including the notion of a universal consciousness, so conducting a CE-5 and an evening spent star gazing seemed a harmless enough indulgence, in support of a good friend. It was early spring and it was still darn cold at night, not to mention the pond on the adjacent dairy farm had just hatched a fresh batch of mosquitoes.  Around 9:00, we wrapped up in blankets, stretched out on gravity chairs and proceeded to play Dr. Steven Greer's CE-5 recordings, while observing a brilliantly clear, cloud free, non windy night sky.  I felt a bit silly. We observed several commercial flights, large and small, satellites, and a few meteorites hitting the atmosphere.  After an hour or so, we meditated in CE-5 fashion.  I remember thinking intensely how much I needed to know if this phenomenon was real, so I would know my friend wasn't suffering from some sort of delusion, and asking 'them' to appear so we would know definitively that they existed and we were not alone. We did see three or four of the dimming and brightening repeatedly 'stars' she had described, which piqued my interest, but I was still busy trying to rationalize what we'd seen, not yet convinced they couldn't be explained. I was freezing cold, getting eaten alive by mosquitoes, and I had an hour and a half drive home and work in the morning.  I stood up some time around 10:15, and started to make my excuses, when I saw a light like a fireball on the northern horizon about 3 miles out at what I estimated around 1000 feet above the treeline.  There was absolutely NO sound - either from the object or the usual night sounds from animals around us.  It was orange, red, amber, yellow and white and switched between these colours.  If I had to estimate it's size, I'd say it was around the size of a helicopter, which we ruled out immediately. It was moving erratically and not like a conventional craft at all.  It was moving right to left (east to west) overall, but zigzagging up and down, forwards and backwards, right to left, and down and to the right at the same time.  It sometimes appear shimmery, as though it was fading in and out of reality.  It was too far out to be explained by wind, which was practic! ally nonexistent that night. There were no 'drips', so it was not a Chinese lantern.  I checked with my friend to make sure she was seeing it too.  She was just as in awe as I was. We watched it for 10 to 15 minutes and repeatedly asked it to come closer.  It did, but only slightly.  Together, we ruled out everything conventional we could think of, including a small plane, drone, ultralight, helicopter, military flare, searchlight, etc.  It was simply not any of those things. Then my friend said, 'Hear that? We heard a jet coming in from the left and behind us (southwest of our position), heading northeast as it passed us, directly headed for the object we'd been watching.  A second jet came from behind and our right (southeast of our position) a few seconds later, headed north northwest toward the object.  A third jet appeared from the northeast, well north of the object, heading southwest toward it. We started yelling at it to go that it wasn't safe.  I actually felt some responsibility, since we had 'summoned' it. It waited until the jets were within a mile and shot straight up and north faster than anything I've ever seen and disappeared into the atmosphere. My friend later said it dipped before it took off and she wondered if the F-18 Growlers had attacked it with their electronic weapons. We were in shock at what we'd just observed. If it weren't for the jets, I might still have seen trying to rationalize what we'd seen, but their actions confirmed we'd seen something of interest to the U.S. military. The jets circled the area for some time afterward. What had been a perfectly clear sky was overcast in less than 3 minutes. We hid inside the house until my fight or flight kicked in and I drove home in a shocked trance. My perception of the world had changed completely. Later, my friend reported the jets circled the area for about an hour before leaving. In fact, the first group left and a second group came for a circle around the area. She was watching from her deck in the dark. Whidbey Island airforce base is the only place the F-18 Growlers could have come from. We know they were Growlers, because their sound is familiar to us, living only 50 miles across the water. Canada does not currently have jets on its west coast, so Whidbey is the only place they could have come from within the time-frame. Growlers are outfitted with electronic weaponry. Since that time, we have both had strange experiences.  My friend in the 3-dimensional world with further sightings, and myself in the lucid-dreaming world, where I consider myself a student of the universal consciousness.  I believe our 'neighbours' are tuned into the telepathic connection between all of us and that is how they appeared 'coincidentally' on the evening we 'summoned' them. There are no images of this incident.  We were too stunned to stop and grab cameras.  We were afraid it would disappear. My friend is willing to corroborate this version of events, but does not want her name to be shared, as she still runs a client-based business and is concerned about appearances.;48.7808;-123.7037
