HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  zig zagging object.;2003-07-25 22:30:00;20 seconds;zig zagging object. I cannot confirm the date, but it was late July 2003. Traveling in a southeast direction. Low bright light. No sound. At first I thought that it was ever so slightly meandering or zig zagging but I couldn't be sure. I thought it might be the dusk heat haze that made it waver. What was remarkable was the steady white light (no flashing lights) and it's silence for such a low flying object.  Sorry I can't remember the date. Late July. Time becomes a blur sometimes. After watching it until it was out of sight and saying to myself, that was odd I forgot about it until I came upon the article referencing you. What I observed: It was flying low. About half as high as a small single engine plane could fly. It was absolutley silent. Which I thought was unusual because even a coasting plane or jet makes some noise. It progressed at a steady rate. It was a bright light. No other defining features. It was somewhere between 9:30 and 11:30, (probably !0.30 as the sun was down and it was only dusky light in the sky) as I was getting ready for bed It was travelling approximately SE  Thank you to the witness for the report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Editor: Canadian Communicator - Paranormal Magazine email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www3.telus.net/public/wilbur8/hbcc_ufo_research.htm ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing the report with NUFORC.  PD));48.7808;-123.7037
Full daylight/sun, reflective silvery object w/dark appendage rising in air over lake;2010-04-25 16:15:00;few seconds;Full daylight/sun, reflective silvery object w/dark appendage rising in air over lake I'm sure this will not be your most significant report of the week, as it will be hard to come to any conclusion and easy to dismiss (could have been a misidentification), but today around 4:15pm here on Vancouver Island - a few kms NE of the small city of Duncan, in the Dist. of N. Cowichan more precisely, during sunny weather with only a few clouds and maybe a high haze, while I was driving down Kingsview Rd from 'The Properties' on the W slope of Mt Tzuhalem, as I approached the bottom where it comes to a T with Maple Bay Rd, I spotted something small in the air somewhere over Quamichan Lake, maybe 1km away I estimate. It was reflecting the sun (to the upper left) and had some sort of dark attachment, either above or below it - I'm sorry I can't remember clearly as I only saw it for a few secs.. but it was rising quickly.  As you would expect, my mind was racing thru the various possibilities as to ID - small helicopter/plane or model of such.. mylar balloon, etc - none seemed to fit. (If it were a plane, model or real, I think I would have seen wings.) I could not pull over to watch it as there was traffic behind me and no room to pull over, not to mention going down steep hill, so as I descended toward the main Rd I lost sight of it behind the trees along that road.  But just seconds later, after turning onto that rd in the short merge lane I found I had a clear view out over the lake, and there were no longer any vehicles behind me, so I could pull over and try to relocate it. The only trees were now to my far left, but pretty open view otherwise. There was nothing to be seen in the sky.  It had to have hightailed it out of there pretty fast to disappear like that. When I saw it I could see it against Mt Prevost in the background (beyond the lake and on the other side of Hwy 1), which provided good contrast to see the obj. Some of its rapid upward motion could have been caused by my decent, but I'm sure that effect only added to its real motion. I could not figure out why I could no longer see it anywhere around, after only a few seconds. I wondered if the power line crossing the main rd over to Kingsview had been reflecting the sun as I came down, viewing it almost end-on.  So I got back in my car and spun around to go back up the hill and down again to recreate the effect, but the power line was too low to have caused it. There goes that theory..  I'm quite certain it was out over the lake, maybe 1km from me, almost level with my line of sight and the Mtn in the background, but quickly rising.  It had to be very shiny to reflect the sun like that, but couldn't have been very large - no bigger than a small helicopter. So it still could have been something mundane like that but even with choppers you can usually see them flying away in 1 direction or other, they can't move that fast! Hope this is detailed enough considering the banality of the sighting as compared with others, but it was actually my first sighting in 34yrs of life and felt I should report it. Wish it could be less vague.;48.7808;-123.7037
WEIRD 3 LIGHTS LOW IN SKY LIKE UNDER TREE LINE...LIGHTS SIZE OF HEADLIGHTS...3 THEN 2 THEN 3 THEN 1 TRIANGULAR IN SHAPE...LIVED HERE 15;2011-08-09 21:00:00;10 MIN;WEIRD 3 LIGHTS LOW IN SKY LIKE UNDER TREE LINE...LIGHTS SIZE OF HEADLIGHTS...3 THEN 2 THEN 3 THEN 1 TRIANGULAR IN SHAPE...LIVED HERE 15 YEARS ...COULD NOT BE HELI OR PLANE... RANDOM SIDE TO SIDE GENTLE HOVERING MOVMENTS AND THEN GONE. SOUTH.... OF GLENORA WHICH IS WEST OF DUNCAN...ANGLE MAYBE 45 DEGREES NOT WHERE STARS ARE WAY LOWER...R ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone on the evening of the sighting, and she sounded to us to be quite serious-minded and objective in her description of the sighting.  We suspect that she is a very good witness.  The area where she was located is quite rural.  We have changed the date above, in order to reflect a sighting on the evening of Tuesday, August 09, 2011, the date that the report was submitted..  PD));48.7808;-123.7037
