landing craft or short distance transport?;2012-07-21 16:00:00;5 seconds;landing craft or short distance transport? I was sitting in my pool. Some clouds were moving in so I was looking up at the sky wondering if I should get out.  I saw a jet fly over and was watching it.   All of a sudden I saw a craft, large in size and not as far up as the jet cross over from one cloud cluster to another. I was shocked and said out loud, What the hell was that?  My wife asked what. I told her and said to watch the other side of the clouds for this weird looking aircraft.  It never came out. I can not imagine where it could have gone. The craft was very large and had a wide long fuselage with very large skids on both sides. I only say skids since I am familiar with hueys and cobras and the features protruded down off the craft in the same fashion as the skids did on choppers.  The craft looked like some type of short distance transport or landing vehicle.;30.7968;-81.7051
Bright flare arching upward from left to right.;2015-05-09 01:00:00;5 seconds each;Bright flare arching upward from left to right. About 1 am, while sitting on a low stool in my front yard, I saw a bright flash, like a flare or beam, arching upward and away from left to right, disappearing over my neighbor's house.  I yelled to advise my family and they told me that it was probably a falling star.  No one else saw it at that time.   Then, about half an hour later, there was another such object, further to the right. I saw it moving from left to right, also arching upward and away, disappearing over my other neighbor's house.  I yelled loudly as my family was still close we had a neighborhood gossip session.   Then I noticed my 4 year old grandaughter and she yelled and pointed that she also saw it.   The object was quiet, very, very bright, like an intense light beam or flare or firecracker-like, moving upward and away, noticeable first just below the top of my neighbor's trees and disappearing above their roof.   I was sitting in the same place for viewing both of these objects.  They were ! about the same size and each was visible for about five seconds.;30.7968;-81.7051
