My wife sits out on a regular basis on nice nights and looks at the stars in front of our home. On this night she called me outside to ;1999-05-02 22:00:00;2 days;My wife sits out on a regular basis on nice nights and looks at the stars in front of our home. On this night she called me outside to look at what she thought was a peculiar star in the sky. I came outside, looked at it and told her that it was ice crystals far up in the atmosphere causing the effect. I went back inside and within three minutes she had called me back out again. This time the star had moved !! I made sure to look at it from the same location both times so as not to distort my perception of what I was seeing. From our point of view the star/object moved from being over the top of a tree to its side in just a matter of 3 to 4 minutes. I stood and looked at the object for close to 10 minutes. I just to stay in one spot when my wife and I noticed that it was moving out of our line of sight behind the tree. I told her her to keep and eye on it while I got the car keys. We both got into my convertable and headed of in the direction of the object. My wife noticed that as soon as we got into the car the object shot of at great speed to the west. We drove down Hwy. 40 heading towards Folkston looking for the object in the sky. We were halfway between Kingsland and Folkston when I said to my wife that I saw a red light to our left in a clearing as we drove. She saw it but our view was obstructed by a group of trees as we drove more. Within just few seconds my wife and I saw the same red light on the opposite side of the road still above the tree line. My wife started to get scared so I turned around and went back home. It was only upon us discussing the matter when we back home that she told me that she remembered seeing the shape of the object for a brief moment. She said that it did not really occur to her how big the object appeared because she had quick view of it as we were driving. She said that it looked like a pyramid shape. At this point this when I knew we had a bonified sighting. The next night an even more spookier event happened to us. This time we purposely set out see if we could ge! t closer without (detection).(I don't how or why, but my wife and I knew somehow that the craft could sense our attention of it) The second night when we saw that the same star like object was in the same position as the night before we jumped into the car and drove off down Hwy. 40 again. This time we went as far as Folkston and started driving up Hwy 82 towards Tifton. We could not really tell if anymore if the starlike object we had seen was still there so after driving on 82 for 10 miles I started to turn around go back home. As soon as I slowed and turn my blinker on to make a U turn a bright light popped on in the sky above the tree line and to our right. I kept going forward to see it more. As we got closer I could see that the object was passing over the trees directly to our right. The thing that really capped this night for me and my wife was that there were two to three other cars ahead of us stopped on the side of the road with some of the people out of there cars looking at the light as it went by. I raced back in the direction of the light heading towards home. We both lost site of it. On the way back home we got a little lost on one of the back roads but eventually made it back home. We stood in our driveway now at home looking still up into the sky. Before we went in we saw a craft come directly over our neighborhood that made NO SOUND what so ever. Not even wind noise. At the level it was we both said that we should have heard something. The next morning I got up early right as the sky  begining to blue. I looked out of our bay window and saw that up in the morning sky at about 75 degrees was a brilliant object just hanging in mid air to the south west sky. I looked on for about 6 to 7 minutes and then just dismissed it as a star I got dressed for work and came back out to Our bay window for another look. It was gone!  I told my wife that I think it out there again. I looked for the same object the next few mornings in that same part of the sky and have not seen it since.;30.7968;-81.7051
Triangular object over elementary school;2002-09-29 01:30:00;5 minutes;Triangular object over elementary school I was sitting at my computer next to our sliding glass door that leads to an enclosed back porch.  Our back yard ends about 50-60 feet at the edge of a mostly pine forest.  A light through a small gap in the trees caught my eye.  I got my 16X binoculars and went on the back porch to sit on a couch and brace my hands against a small ledge that runs under the windows to get a steady view.  When I focused on the light, I suddenly gasped at what I saw.  I saw a bright white light with four smaller, dimmer white lights around it that would form a perfect plus sign if an imaginary line were drawn between them through the larger light.  I believe I could barely make out an outline of an isosceles triangle, with the base about 60-70% of the length of the sides.  The corners were rounded.  This light configuration was toward the base of the triangle, centered along the centerline.  There was also another bright light, a little dimmer and smaller, along the centerline toward the point of the triangle.  I also believe I could barely make out a dim red glow in the center of the triangle.  I looked at the moon and it was out of focus.  I adjusted the focus one way and the moon came in.  I refocused on the object, and had to focus the other direction to bring the trees into focus.  This told me it was not a star I was seeing, but something between the trees and moon.  I went out the front door and across the street to see if I could see it above the trees, but I saw nothing.  After a few minutes I went back to the porch and all I could see was a star that was not as bright and in a slightly different location.  About a half mile through the woods in that direction is David L. Rainer Elementary School.  I would estimate the object was about 1000-1500 feet over the school.  Despite this sighting, I still want to see one up close, where it is unmistakeable, for me to say for sure there are UFOs.  By the way, I was completely sober.;30.7968;-81.7051
((HOAX??))  It was a tringle with light on the ends and would fully brust in bright light.;2007-12-14 06:45:00;15 minutes;It was a tringle with light on the ends and would fully brust in bright light the color was red and blue and white with a bright brust light every so often and there were 3 of them and went right above are heads it was about 500ft off the ground going rill slow it had a bright light that went off when it went across our heads ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we wonder.  PD));30.7968;-81.7051
