Blinking light which moved slowly, but abruptly, seemed to jump around as it blinked.;2015-11-28 20:05:00;>5 minutes;Blinking light which moved slowly, but abruptly, seemed to jump around as it blinked. Two witnesses saw an odd, blinking white light around 8 pm local time, which moved from the northeast to the north, then it slowly moved out of sight behind the mountains, as if it were traveling north.  We had it in view for at least 5 minutes. We retrieved a pair of 8 power binoculars and continued to watch, seeing a very strange blinking sequence with no discernible pattern, and the light jumping around as if it were several objects, or one extremely large one.  Distance from viewers to object at least five miles, probably more. Very clear sky, no clouds, calm winds, the moon is just rising to the east a few minutes after the sighting.  The light definitely moved around the sky, and the stars twinkling nearby had a completely different appearance.  This light varied in intensity and blinking rate and seemed to change color from white to red when flashing quickly. Both observers are professionals with college degrees and are private pilots.;41.7237;-122.4635
Witnessed flashing lights again in same part of sky as previous sighting;2015-12-01 18:00:00;2 minutes;Witnessed flashing lights again in same part of sky as previous sighting On Sunday, 11/29, at about 8 pm we saw and reported a UFO.  The same two witnesses saw what appeared to be the same UFO last night, at about 6 pm, in the same part of the sky.  This most recent sighting lasted about 2 minutes, and occurred near the northern horizon, which was the only patch of sky clear of clouds. A bright white light flashed a couple of times to the NNE, attracting our attention.  As we had had the previous sighting, I grabbed my binoculars to view this light, which we initially suspected to be an airliner.  Instead, I immediately saw that it was the same group of lights or object with several randomly flashing lights.  It was dim enough that it was only visible with the binoculars, once the bright white flashing light stopped flashing. The object moved west, estimated at about 200 mph, then disappeared behind the mountains to the north.  These mountains are about 8 miles from our house, and the object appeared to subtend 2 to 3 degrees of horizon.  This would give it a width of 1,800', if eight miles away. It did not have the legally required navigation and anti-collision lights that all aircraft must display during hours of darkness: red navigation light on left wing tip, green on right plus white anti-collision strobes.  The object only had randomly flashing lights of various colors. We are both professionals and have been involved in general aviation and in the airline business for years.;41.7237;-122.4635
