Cloaking craft, Invisible to the sight but can be see in specific conditions;2001-04-30 23:59:00;2 minutes;Cloaking craft, Invisible to the sight but can be see in specific conditions I have been very interested in the discovery of UFO since I was a child..  Many years ago I had some buddies show me some video tape of this thing they call THE METHOD..  It was a way to catch UFO on video or on film..  If you recall, When there is a eclips of the sun.. THere are many reports of sighting especially in souther America.. This was the principle of my friends way of spotting UFOs in the sky..  You stand in the shadow of a roof or building not looking derectly at the sun but around the corona of it.   You will obiviously see insects flying by but if you focus your eyes way up.. at about the hight of a commercial jet, there are things you can only see when they are lit up by a reflection of the sun..  I have been a witness to this many times..  Seeing pear necklace shaped objectes, chess piece objects and sphere shaped objects..  One time I saw this object that look as if it was spining. After it was way past the brightness of the sun I tracked it moving across the San Fernando Valley.  it was the same color of the sky, and if i didnt spot its reflection, ther would be no way of seeing it with the naked eye..  I have shared this method with many friends..  I am not the originator of this principle, and do not want to be sued by who ever discovered it..  So, the other night I was on the balcony of my apartment building..  It was late at night, about midnight..  There was a marine layer coming it from the south, and a fog of some sort coming from the north..  The night sky was not that clear above but getting overcast..  You could see some stars above but not much on either side of the sky.. I was only out there a min when I saw what seemed like when you see a grocery bag in the sky when there is a wind kicking up, but it was not windy..  It was the same color of the cloudy sky on both sides of the sky.. It made no sound..  And it traveled from east to west across the sky..  Very low.  Aout 500 feet I would say..  I thought it might be a balloon from a car dealership around here, but it was no! t perfec tly round like a balloon..  I cannot say how big it was,  Maybe the size of a small car.. or as large as a 747 jet..  It was spinning and seemed to cloak itself with it seroudings..  I was only able to see it when it when though the clear area of the sky, and I was able to track it, but then it stopped..  I got very scared and went inside..  After that I herd a helecopter go by in the same derection..  Has there been any new sevalance craft that the US, or and other countries might be looking at us??  I would think, or has this been something of a UFO origen??  I do not do drugs or drink..  I am very interested in finding more info about this type of craft, that can acually cloak itself with its surrondings..  Thanks for any ifo..;34.2278;-118.442
