Pyramidal Craft over Westwood NJ;2010-04-23 15:40:00;30 seconds;Pyramidal Craft over Westwood NJ UFO Sighting-  Point of view from me and my mother inside the car and also looking outside the car(with the window rolled down.)  My mother was driving me to a doctor’s appointment at around 3:40pm through Westwood, NJ, facing west towards route 17.  My mother recalls exactly what I did when we reflected on this sighting.  I looked in the sky and saw a seemingly pyramidal shaped object.  It seemed metallic in nature my mother describes it as a shiny aluminum.  It was dark, almost black at one face and extremely shiny at another face.   Also, there was some rotation that I observed on this object.   The most amazing thing about this object was its seemingly random and very rapid movement. Overall, this object was hovering over the town of Westwood, at one point right over our heads.  But in the objects vicinity, there was rapid movement.  At first thinking this was maybe an eye floater, since I was also inside the car, I opened the window and there it still was, moving very rapidly, yet in a general direction It seemed as if it was headed somewhere.  The best analogy I can give for the rapid movement in the vicinity of the object is that of the following situation:  If you have a camera that you are holding and trying to focus on an object from far away, no matter how still you try to make your camera, the object always seems to be shaking.  This is what it looked it, like it was excessively shaking, even thrashing about. I have perfect vision and no history of mental problems.  My mother also claims to have witnessed this same phenomenon.  However, my mother was driving, and I actually took the time to open the window and capture the image in my mind, it is still very clear and fresh to me.   I also want to add that this was completely broad daylight on a clear blue sky with very few clouds. My mother and I would like to add that there must have been some other people who saw this object since it was in plain sight. Underneath I have drawn a picture of what it looked like. (This object would be against a clear blue sky). Again, it was trashing about spontaneously, not just traveling in a linear way. Also: I called the local paper, the Bergen Record.  They say that they received NO CALLS about this. I also called the Westwood Police station and told them about this, they said that they did not receive any calls regarding this phenomenon.    The officer from Westwood Police Department informed me to call Teterboro Airport to ask if there was anything in the air that day.  I asked for the number to call the airport he could not find the number and instead told me that he would call Air Traffic Control (he said that if they needed to talk to me that they would call my house phone).  I haven’t received a call yet, and if I do, I will update this. Personally, I am AMAZED that in this broad daylight, NO ONE OTHER THAN ME called the the police or news organizations…it might happen later but to the people who read this:  I GREATELY underestimated the TIMIDNESS and PASSIVENESS of people in general.  To me and my mom, we thought that MASSIVE amounts of people would report this…but in fact no one else did. PS: I tried sketching a picture but it wouldn't let me copy and paste it into the box. I would be happy to draw a picture.;41.0095000000001;-74.0079
