A UFO Experience of Time and Space in The Hi-Desert of Southern California;1991-06-01 18:00:00;3 days;A UFO Experience of Time and Space in The Hi-Desert of Southern California 1991 Yucca Valley, California Experience These vessels are round and pyamid in shape, plain with no identifying marks/a drab silver grey in color and about 40 ft in diameter/with 3 hi-backed brown(leather in appearance) capt chairs/with padded arm rests, placed back to back in a triangle, in the center of the ship(the vessel was very plain in appearence both inside and out)...they wore short sleved plain cotton white shirts(?they called them T-Shirts?) with a Fire Dept Badge with Fire Dept printed at the top of the badge on the left side of each shirt...black cotton pants with a single black lennin stripe on the outside of each pant leg...plain black leather, low cut, lace-up shoes(military style)...and black ball caps with the word Police printed in white on the front... These vessels are indeed an ultimate in   physical/mental Creation mechanics...allowing the three occupants to mentally link for activation and operation of the vessel...there was no great array of controls...vision beyond the inner perimeter of the vessel is normally possible at commanded intervals from mental linkings when the ship was operational... These vessels could easily travel faster than the light speeds...For example In what seemed to be almost full accellerations after each stop, (while veiwing the outside), the inanimate would appear to be tearing itself apart venimately in firey flames and flack, before and aft...making a space for the vessel to move and seemingly putting it back togather as it continued... The ombient of intellengence was beyond understanding in any normal human terms when the ship was fully operational... These were 3 normal intellegent men...however they were in much knowledge and expertise as to their positions... I was with them for about 3days...what was it about?..Something to do with relocation...My relocation!...I remember a few times when we would come to a dead stop...during most of these stops the view was most always in light or twilight areas with distant colors of blues and greys...just colors, space and nothing else!...usually we would stop in these places and sleep because there was nothing else to do and it was very boring...I believe these stops were important, like having something to do with waiting for a window to open and on to the next until the desired destination was accomplished... Toward the end of the journey something was said about stoping and visiting a similiar time and place like the one they had picked me up in...and this they did...it was a country desert area and the people were very common and friendly...we didn't stay long...they didn't want to attract attention from any of the local authorities they said... Shortly after this I was droped in Yucca Valley, Southern Ca(my point of origin)...Everything seemed to be the same as before with the exception of the light, it seemed to be a little brighter, possibly in more ways than one...or perhaps I was gone longer than I antisapated... Anyone with a little imagination and talent could easily invent a story like this, however I am attesting true content... ...Many Stars to Ya(many lifetimes)… ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  One of two interesting reports submitted by same party.  PD));34.1618999999999;-116.433499999999
1991 Yucca Valley, California These vessels are round and saucer shaped, plain with no identifying marks/a drab silver grey in color an;2002-01-06 18:00:00;3 days;1991 Yucca Valley, California These vessels are round and saucer shaped, plain with no identifying marks/a drab silver grey in color and about 40 ft in diameter/with 3 hi-backed brown(leather in appearance) capt chairs/with padded arm rests, placed back to back in a triangle, in the center of the ship(the vessel was very plain in appearence both inside and out)...they wore short sleved plain cotton white shirts(?they called them T-Shirts?) with a Fire Dept Badge with Fire Dept printed at the top of the badge on the left side of each shirt...black cotton pants with a single black lennin stripe on the outside of each pant leg...plain black leather, low cut, lace-up shoes(military style)...and black ball caps with the word Police printed in white on the front... These vessels are indeed an ultimate in   physical/mental Creation mechanics...allowing the three occupants to mentally link for activation and operation of the vessel...there was no great array of controls...vision beyond the inner perimeter of the vessel is normally possible at commanded intervals from mental linkings when the ship was operational... These vessels could easily travel faster than the light speeds...For example In what seemed to be almost full accellerations after each stop, (while veiwing the outside), the inanimate would appear to be tearing itself apart venimately in firey flames and flack, before and aft...making a space for the vessel to move and seemingly putting it back togather as it continued... The ombient of intellengence was beyond understanding in any normal human terms when the ship was fully operational... These were 3 normal intellegent men...however they were in much knowledge and expertise as to their positions... I was with them for about 3days...what was it about?..Something to do with relocation...My relocation!...I remember a few times when we would come to a dead stop...during most of these stops the view was most always in light or twilight areas with distant colors of blues and greys...just colors, space and nothing else!...usually we would stop in these places and sleep because there was nothing else to do and it was very boring...I believe these stops were important, like having something to do with waiting for a window to open and on to the next until the desired destination was accomplished... Toward the end of the journey something was said about stoping and visiting a similiar time and place like the one they had picked me up in...and this they did...it was a country desert area and the people were very common and friendly...we didn't stay long...they didn't want to attract attention from any of the local authorities they said... Shortly after this I was droped in Yucca Valley, Southern Ca(my point of origin)...Everything seemed to be the same as before with the exception of the light, it seemed to be a little brighter, possibly in more ways than one...or perhaps I was gone longer than I antisapated... Anyone with a little imagination and talent could easily invent a story like this, however I am attesting true content... Many Stars to Ya(the author)… ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  One of two interesting reports submitted by same party.  PD));34.1618999999999;-116.433499999999
UFO TWO GIRLS YUCCA VALLEY CA GREEN AND WHITE LIGHTS ON OBJECT;2015-09-17 19:35:00;1 minute;UFO TWO GIRLS YUCCA VALLEY CA GREEN AND WHITE LIGHTS ON OBJECT SITTING OUT SIDE YUCCA VALLEY HOME 735 PM.  OBJECT APPEARED, WHAT MADE US NOTICE WAS THE LIGHT BEAM OBJECT STARTED TO PROCEEDE TOWARDS US , WE THOUGHT IT WAS A HELECOPTER ONCE NOTICED. HAD A BEAM LIKE LGHT MOVE FROM THE EAST AND SHINE FACING US AS IF THE OBJECT KNEW WE HAD NOTICED IT  , AS OBJECT GOT CLOSER I NOTICED 5 GREEN LIGHTS ON IT AND IT WAS DISC LIKE. RAN INSIDE AND WAITED APPROX. 4 MINUTES WAS TERRIFIED FOR OUR LIVES AND WENT BACK OUT SIDE AND OBJECT WAS HOVERING OVER HOUSE AND FLASHED A BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT AT US FROM DIRECTLY ABOVE THEN WE RAN INSIDE AND WENT TO THE CAR AND LEFT .;34.1618999999999;-116.433499999999
Sideways classic saucer shape, silvery white, possibly 4 white lights falling straight down. The object appeared to be quite far away,;2017-01-17 16:00:00;5-6 minutes;Sideways classic saucer shape, silvery white, possibly 4 white lights falling straight down.   The object appeared to be quite far away, possibly over the mountain between Morongo and Desert Hot Springs.;34.1618999999999;-116.433499999999
