((POSSIBLE HOAX))  ufo in the orange groves.;2006-01-28 03:00:00;1 minute;ufo in the orange groves. This happened last saturday night when I and 4 of my friends were trying to cause some mischief in our creative new ways. Now don't come to the conclusion that we are a group of jug heads and half-retarded socialites, we are actually rather prominent students, 2 of them are music majors home for the weekend. Anywho, we were yarning(taking yarn and wrapping it around desired objects.) a bridge above an aqueduct so that if anyone drove by they would run right into it, we did it so it was a wall, not too dangerous but itll scare the hell out of you. So we hide in the orange groves and wait for someone to drive by, low and behold its a cop. So he slams on the brakes and starts searching and what we believe to be calling in other units. We take off backwards in the groves for about an eigth of a mile so we can cross the aqueduct without the cop seeing us, so we can enter a much larger feild of orange groves to get in the clear. The plan is to make a full 2 mile flank to get to our vehicles which we parked purposly away from the scene. So as we are running in this very very large grove, a mild and warm light starts up in the direction we were running in, so we make a turn, scared as hell it was a cop car in the groves or something(by the way this is what we live for, we do it for the rush). We had to turn in the wrong direction because if we hit the road at that time we would be seen. So we then run into a large aqueduct and head down that for a couple minutes, but the light reappeared to the right and up ahead of us. We felt very exposed so we decided to bunker down in the groves on the opposite side of the light. Once in the groves we watched as the light then started to rise in the air, and I thought we were screwed that they called in a helicopter, and being they have the large lights and night vision, we would surely get caught. We didnt hear any propellers though, so we were confused, and thought it might be a guy with a lantern climbing up these really tall windmills and towers that help to keep the tree's from freezing in the winter, what he was doing at three in the morning in the warmest january we could remember we hadn't a clue. Then the light started towards us left, and very slowly it seemed, so now we were pretty much crapping our pants. as it got a little closer, maybe half a mile to a quarter mile away it took shaper. We could see that it had a colored tinge to its outside(not the part that held the light) but what color im not very sure, I say it was more of a burnt orange to a redish gray, everyone else has their own color interpretations so who knows. The shape was hard to tell because the light on it was so bright it hid the parts further from it. This thing kept going without regard to us, so when it got to where it seemed it was leaving our presence we booked it to the road faster than I think any of us have ever ran in our lives, made it to our cars, the cop was gone, the yarn was cutt, and we then went to denny's and talked it over for about an hour. We were so shacky we were afraid to drive home, especially me seeing as i lived only maybe 2 miles linear from where this happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we suspect.  PD));33.73826;-116.984929761905
Saw bright light hoovering in sky,and over the course of a couple hours we watched about 12 or so drones flying by the object. I've nev;2016-11-17 19:00:00;21:00;Saw bright light hoovering in sky, and over the course of a couple hours we watched about 12 or so drones flying by the object.  I've never seen that many drones in my life.;33.73826;-116.984929761905
