Multiple spheres in the sky that are unexplainable;2012-04-21 20:00:00;several hours;multiple spheres in the sky that are unexplainable We see these sphere shapes crafts in the sky on a regular basis. The have white and red lights, but are completely silent.  The hover extemely low.  Once the notice us looking or trying to photograph the craft, it looks as though a shield closes blocking the light and then it disappers almost as if it vanishes. These crafts are roughly the diamater of an oridaniary fisbee, but the shape of a sphere.  When notice them while laying in bed at night, they get really close to our open windows and shine their bright lights, but as soon as they know that we see them they back away, turn of the light, but we can still see them.  These crafts appear to be highly intelligent and sneaky.  Whatever these are they are completely silent.  We don't know of any government or other craft with this kind of technology.  Has there been any other reports like ours?  Also, once they back away they moved way high in the sky, turn their light back on pretending to be a star.  An th! en they move away super slow, and the all come together into a cluster, and then they all went in different directions. Please help us figure this out, we are getting more affraid of these crafts.  they keep getting closer and closer to our bedroom windows, so now we have to keep them closed.  we don't understand why us, and what's going on, or what they might try to do to us.  please help us get piece of mind.  we didn't know who else to turn too.  its not like we can go to the police.  they would just blow us off and call us crazy. we try to take pictures of them but they never come out right or the crafts vanish.  and when we look at them through our binoculars, they look multi-colored, but to the naked eye they are always white/red. We have sightings of these crafts for about the last year, in the beginning it was only one craft in the distance,  now its multiple crafts at least 5 exteremely close.  they are getting closer and closer and that is what is scaring us and making us very nervious and concerned.;33.73826;-116.984929761905
