My friends and I saw 1 very large, triangular shaped UFO, silently hovering approx: 100 ft in air and about 35 ft away from our car.;1997-03-02 21:00:00;15 min;My friends and I saw 1 very large, triangular shaped UFO, silently hovering approx: 100 ft in air and about 35 ft away from our car. Although it has been 10 years since I, along with 2 of my friends, witnessed a triangular shaped aircraft in the sky over an empty field, I recall the details of what we saw quite well. It was between 9 and 10 p.m., we were travelling on a remote road west bound out of Hemet, Ca to our friends house in Winchester, Ca. I was in sitting in the back seat, my best friend was sitting in front of me and her husband was driving.  We were driving about 65 mph, when we saw bright lights hovering in the sky up ahead to our right, My friends Husband slowed way down as we approached the object finally coming to a stop.  We stopped the car and we were adjacent to the UFO, first I was stuck by the size of it, as this thing was about football field sized in width and length. Then I was struck by the absence of any sound, I mean this thing was absolutely silent, also, the object was hovering, and it was only about 100 -150 feet in the air. The air-craft was black or dark in color, with three very large, bright white lights located at each of the triangle points, and there were several smaller more dim lights on each side, also there was a large red light in the center wich was casting a red glow to the ground directly beneath the craft. We sat there observing this air-craft for a couple of minutes, when my friends husband said he was going to get out and go get a closer look, my friend and I immediately protested telling him that we had seen enough and begged him to please get us out of there.  Then the thing started moving further away from us slowly to the norththen in what seemed like an instant it was about 1/2 a mile away and had gaind alot of altitude. We drove on to our friends house wich was only a few more minutes away, as we drove I continued to watch the thing in the sky, and even though it was 1/2 mile away or more it was now west bound and adjacent to us. We arrived at our friends house only to find that no one was home so, we left. My girlfriend and I asked her husband to take the main street home, as the continued presence of the UFO, was making us very nervous. We left heading north first then we turned onto the highway heading east bound, once we were heading east, we could see the UFO then futher north now but trailing behind us heading northeast. As we rounded the last bend right before you enter the city limits we lost sight of the triangle shaped UFO. Over the years my friends and I have discussed the encounter we had with the UFO, we are not really convinced that this was anything extraterrestrial. Since we are not far from March Air Force Base, the possibility of the air-craft being some kind of new technology the armed forces have is very real. On the other hand, an air-craft that size being able to hover at such a low altitude without any sound, nor causing any kind of, (for lack of a better term) wind,  seems to be impossible.  Out of all the people I have spoken to about our sighting I have only found two other people who had seen the same thing in this area. In 2003 I watched a program on the Discovery channel and saw that people all over Arizona, had seen the same thing around the same time we had our sighting. Today I watched another Program on TV stating sightings of this same UFO all over the world, and so I thought I should also share my experience as well. I hope this information will help in some way. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.73826;-116.984929761905
We heard a loud noise, and noticed 2 white lights connected by a single object, moving a first slow then great speed.;2003-11-27 21:05:00;1minute;We heard a loud noise, and noticed 2 white lights connected by a single object, moving a first slow then great speed. We were sitting in our living room watching television, when we heard a loud boom.  Either like someone hitting the wall outside the house, or a sonic boom.  But for a sonic boom, it had to be close due to it's magnitude.  Two of us went out the front door to see if maybe a car accident, but instead found only stillness.  There was however a loud sound, unlike a plane or jet.  More like the rumbling of the space shuttle on launch from a distance.  Very much the sound of a huge rocket.  Looking up, and due south, we saw what appeared to be to craft moving in tandam, turning slightly to the east/southeast.  Looking closer we could see the outline of a single craft connecting the two lights.  These lights were non blinking and visibly connected, white lights.  Now moving in a straight line away from us.  Within about 15 seconds of being able to see the outline of a single huge craft, the lights simply faded away into the distance.  They did not appear to be extinguished.  More like they were moving away a great speed.  The temp was 54 degrees, clear skies, with no street lights, on the out skirts of southeastern Hemet, less then 1/2 mile from the new Diamond Valley Water Project.;33.73826;-116.984929761905
Triangle craft in hills by Ramona Bowl in Hemet California.;2006-03-28 02:00:00;30 Seconds;Triangle craft in hills by Ramona Bowl in Hemet California. Coming home from my girlfriends house in the hills above Hemet near the Ramona Bowl, I drove directly under a strange triangle barely visible except that the outline was visible... Also where it was, there was no stars visible where it was. It moved very slowly, I was going about 35mphing downhill, and by estimation Id say it was going 20mph. After I saw it was some kind of craft, I hauled butt down the hill. I may have thought this up later but I believe I saw a dark symbol of a figure 8 with parallel lines runing through it.;33.73826;-116.984929761905
Three lights in shape of triangle in Southern California.;2007-12-04 21:30:00;1 minute;Three lights in shape of triangle in Southern California. At about 21:30 Dec 4, 2007 there were two of us in the car driving down the road, I had noticed a single white light in the sky not moving for a few seconds before the passenger said something about it.  I didnt think anything of it until that.   The light seemed to turn into two side by side lights with a small strip of different colored lights in the center.  It obviously was not an airplane as the two lights started to flicker simultaneously.   The object traveled south at a much slower speed than even an airplane, and made a flip/turn.  Thats when it was on its side, I guess, and you could clearly see what was now three white lights in the shape of a triangle.   After that, it basically stayed where it was, if moving, moving slowly, it then flew away much faster than it had previously been moving.   It was dark outside, a clear night, nothing behind what we saw, just in the sky.   Im guessing at around 1500-2000 feet.  It was much lower in the sky than an airplane.;33.73826;-116.984929761905
Two triangular UFO's seen over Hemet, CA in the night sky with distortion field;2009-10-25 20:45:00;1 minute;Two triangular UFO's seen over Hemet, CA in the night sky with distortion field On the night of October 25th, 2009 at about 8:45 pm I was outside looking at the stars and to have a cigarette. I noticed what I thought was a big bird in the sky traveling from south to north. I thought to myself that was a really large bird. I stood up and noticed that there were two of them. Then I realized that each object had six lights, 3 on each side and the objects were triangular in shape and had rounded tips. They were very slow moving and made absolutely no sound at all. One of the objects was positioned slightly in front of the other. Then I notice that these objects where completely blocking my view of the stars in that particular area. The sky and stars in that area were distorted and then they suddenly disappeared. The whole event lasted about a minute long.;33.73826;-116.984929761905
