In June 2004, I was laying out in the back yard with my infant son, looking up at the sky, and saying things like: that is a bird, that;2004-06-15 00:00:00;2 min;In June 2004, I was laying out in the back yard with my infant son, looking up at the sky, and saying things like: that is a bird, that is a cloud, that is a plane, that is a bird, that is a...well what is it, as soon as I realized that it was something that needed photographed, I grabbed up my infant son and ran into the house to get my video camera, I figured it was that important.  I set it up as fast as I could, the object had moved much further than I had initially anticipated it moving, but I did get it in the sights of the camera for awhile, until I couldn’t hold the focus on it anymore.  The craft was orange and looked to be a concaved sphere shape, on one end, and pointy on the other, and was rotating around, and shape-shifting, it was heading to the North-West and there was for a brief moment, another object much smaller, flew right up to it, and away again, the smaller craft was traveling to the North-East, I cant imagine the altitude, but it was WAY up there by this time.  The smaller craft that comes right up to the larger craft and moves away without slowing, I never would have seen the smaller craft without the aid of the video camera, if I hadn’t been following the larger craft, I would never have seen the smaller one.  I did later record a passing airplane, to show perspective.  I have the video recorded to VHS if you want it. 							   				 						 The triangular/star end was shifting to a circle shape, that then ballooned out to a mirror of the concaved side, then back to a circle then to the star again, and back and forth, while always spinning around.  Wish I would have had my camera outside with me in the first place.  Could have gotten a lot better video, it went almost right over the house. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.7327;-89.0164
