Mysterious lights in the Owens Valley California;1998-08-10 01:00:00;01:30;Mysterious lights in the Owens Valley California We were camped on a small island made by a stream that split and came back together before emptying into the Owens River. It was about one in the morning and the campfire was beginning to wane. One of us, I don't remember who, got up to relieve himself. Following the rules we learned in the Boyscouts, our head was off the island and 100 feet away from the water. It was in a field of large volcanic rocks and sage brush. My friend, not familiar with the Owens Valley, called to us and asked why there were searchlights flashing in the distance. We had no idea what he was talking about so we joined him in the rock field. We saw what was definately beams of artificial light being shined in many directions at once much like a disco ball. The spots of light hit the steep slopes of the Eastern Sierra on our side of the valley and on the White/Inyo Mountains across the valley. We couldn't see the source of the lights because Crater Mountain was directly between our campsite and the light source. Crater Mountain was four miles south of our location, approximately. Whatever the lights were, they were over four miles away and powerful enough to illuminate both sides of the valley. We joked that it was a secret Rave. Others kidded about it being the advanced landing party of the ID4 aliens. In truth, none of us could explain the lights.;37.1692;-118.2918
Bright white light seen over White Mountains;2014-06-16 22:36:00;20 seconds;Bright white light seen over White Mountains Our group of five were camped near Big Pine, California.  At 22:36 Hours on June 16, 2014, my brother and I were looking north east towards the White Mountains.  We saw what at first appeared to be a satellite on a north to south orbit.  We realized this white light was brighter than any satellite we had ever seen and appeared to be within the atmosphere.  It followed the crest of the mountains.  During the approximate 20 seconds the light was visible it travelled from White Mountain in our north east to a position due east before blinking out. We heard no noise signature coming from this light.  It had no aircraft navigation lights or strobes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to provide little contact information.  PD));37.1692;-118.2918
