strange car occupants?;2000-07-10 17:00:00;15-30 seconds;strange car occupants? ((two names deleted)). Camping Trip (not real names)    Year:  July or August 2000   Coming down Route 395, south from Big Pine Camp Grounds just west of the Coso Range and Mohave Range  ((name deleted--male)) was driving, ((name deleted--female)) was in front passenger seat.   Relationship: Close Friends, No drugs or achohol.  Coming home to L.A. from camping in Big Pine.  Religious beliefs: Reformed Jewish/Both college degreed Professionals. Desert, vacant- two lane road hilly area. Traveling speed about 55 mph Suspect vehicle traveling  much slower at 35 mph    No traffic on road, late/dusk afternoon, dusk temp relatively warm -70’s  Event  Duration: 15-20 seconds   Non descript 4 door sedan, dirty/dusty older model   Approaching vehicle ((male's)) initial thought was ‘Why in the hell are they going so slow on a vacant road in the middle of nowhere?’   Suspect Vehicle passenger description:  Two in front,two in back. Driver had a fishing hat on, seemed like an older man (the driver appeared small/short)  Something seemed odd.  What immediately caused ((male and female witnesses)) to notice that something was weird was that all three passengers looked exactly the same from the back- all three were identical: weird shape, thin heads, pineapple shape with Harpo Marx-type curly blond wigs, and in strange positions, resembling manikins, in identical upright stiff positions with heads leaning over as if they were sleeping or passed out, and they did not move at all.  Upon passing ((male)) had an incredible feeling to put as much distance between them and the strange car. The (male's) disconcerting/freaky feeling  was not communicated to ((female)) until further down the road when both admitted they had had very strange feelings about it. ((female's)) Comments: Upon approaching and passing the car, all I kept thinking was that something about the three passengers in the car was not right-  the shapes and sizes of their heads did not seem human. It was a disassociating feeling that something was WRONG, but my mind could not process it until well after we passed.   ((male)):We were joking about it further down the road and half-way wanted to slow down, and let them pass again, to get a better look, but decided against it, still feeling the effects of initial fear.   End(poster's) notes: This happened a while ago. It was just spoken to (my family and I) in casual Christmas/New Years family dinner (non-alcohol) conversation. While I am very interested in all aspects of Paranormal Research, they are not. They are professionals, mid thirties, and not prone to sensationalism. Both individuals prefer to remain anonymous. I took notes on what they were saying and did not -to the best of my knowledge- attempt to lead them on. They reviewed the notes and added to them until final approval. They both agreed to submit to hypnosis, which has not been done, but might be very interesting.   Unfortunately, their visit with us is almost over. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  Names in report, we presume, are pseudonyms.  PD));37.1692;-118.2918
