Many witnesses to ufo sighting;1986-10-31 03:00:00;3 minutes;Many witnesses to ufo sighting My husband and I moved into our new condo in Riverdale, Ga. after our third daughter was born. She was born in April 1986 and this sighting happened in the fall of 1986. I believe it was near the end of October or the beginning November. On this night, my husband and I had put our three daughters to bed at about 9:00pm. We stayed up late watching T.V. and talking. At around 3:00am I was sitting at the end of our bed watching an old movie on T.V. and my husband was lying in our bed watching the movie. As I was watching the movie, I realized that I could hear this sound coming from outside of my bedroom window. At first I didn't think much of it but then I thought to myself, what is that noise at 3:00 in the morning? I sat up straight on the end of my bed and listened. It was a vacuum cleaner! Who would be vacuuming at 3:00 in the morning? And Outside! I said to my husband,Someone is vacuuming this late at night, or should I say this early in the morning?  I asked him do you hear that? He said yes. I said Is someone drunk or something why would someone do that? He said, I don't know, someone being crazy. I said that I could not understand why they would be outside on the patio vacuuming. We had square cement patios off of our diningrooms in the back yard. We lived in a two story building so our bedroom was on the second floor. I was trying to make sense of hearing a vacuum cleaner running at 3:00am. I told my husband, Maybe someone knocked over a potted plant or something and they were cleaning it up  but at this time! I said I am going to look and see who it is. When I got to my bedroom window, I slowly opened it so who ever was outside would not know that I was watching them. I wasn't going to say anything to them I just wanted to see what was going on. I pushed my face against the screen and looked down below to the direction of where I thought the noise was coming from. I was expecting to see a porch light on and someone vacuuming their patio, I know this sounds crazy but its true. There was no light on. It was totally dark on all of the patios that ran along the back of the building. I thought was is that vacuuming noise? There is no one out here. I was pushing my face against the window screen looking back and forth across the back of the building. Nothing. I had been hearing the vacuuming sound for about 5 minutes by then. After finding no one down below vacuuming their patio, I was confused and looked out over the back yard. It was a big open field with a grove of trees stretching across the back of the field. I still heard the vacuum cleaner running. I don't know why but kneeling on my knees looking out the window, I slowly looked up, what I saw took my breath away! I had to make myself breathe. My mouth was hung open, I could not speak. I could not be seeing what I was seeing! There above the grove of trees a little to my right was a space ship! I remember shaking, my mind was frozen as were my eyes on this huge, massive thing floating before me in the air! All I could think of was to call my husband over he has to witness this, so later on when I told people they would not tell me I was dreaming it all. I could still here the vacuum cleaner sound it was coming from this huge space ship. I remember in my state of shock thinking how can this massive thing only be making such a small sound as a vacuum cleaner? I called my husband, but I dared not look away for fear that it might take off. I could not take my eyes off it, I wanted to remember everything about it. I called my husband again, he was getting annoyed because he was tired. What? he said to me as I am trying not to pass out from shock and fear. Come here, Oh my God, come here!! You are not going to believe this!! What is it? he asked me.  You wouldn't believe me if I told you! I said to him. My husband gets up off of the bed and walks over to where I am and bends down and looks out of the window. He was looking down below and out straight ahead.What is it? he said to me with anger in his voice. I pointed up in the sky and said Look over there!  My husbands knees gave way and he was kneeling beside me staring at this huge space ship. Oh my God, Oh my God! that was all he could say. As we both knelt there staring up at this thing I asked my husband do we have any film in the camera, he said no. We just kept staring. We were both in shock. Oh my God is all that either one of us could say. I wanted to run and find the camera but I was afraid it would be gone when I got back and I wanted to stare at this thing for as long as I possibly could before it flew away. I noticed that the trees underneath the ship were not moving. You would think that the force of the engines would have been making the trees dance around but they were standing still. I could still hear the vacuum cleaner sound coming from this thing. I said to my husband,Lets try to remember everything about the way it looks. I told him, how could such a huge ship make just the sound of a vacuum cleaner. He said he did not know and kept staring. At that moment a chill went through me and then fear, we were staring up at this thing, what if they were staring back at us! I told my husband to get down so we both bent down on our hands and knees to where just our eyes were peeking up over the window sill. I said if I see a beam of light coming towards us I'll have a heart attack! My husband said, you and me both!  This whole sighting lasted about 3 minutes from the time my husband came to the window. I will describe to you what we saw. It was huge, it was as wide as a football field and it was perfectly round. It was shaped like, the best way to describe it was like a round football stadium, like the old one in Atlanta. It was thick on the sides, not like a saucer. I saw that it was made from some sort of   black iron or metal, I could see metal beams crossing at different points and some kind of huge bolts holding them in place. There were round shaped humps of metal going down the beams. There were a row of lights going around the middle of the whole ship. And I think the lights did not go on until it started to leave. Because as soon as I noticed the lights, the vacuum sound got higher pitched as it lifted up slowly, then with a sound of wind it took off and within 3 seconds it was a tiny light in the sky. We were in shock, we just knelt there in silence. I don't know how much time passed before we could talk. It was amazing, shocking, frightening and thrilling. My husband doesn't want to talk about it. I could not sleep. I couldn't wait until it was late enough to call my family on the phone. Well, a couple of hours later my phone rang and it was my sister yelling on the other end of the phone that a ufo had been seen in her town that same night. She lived in Newnan, Ga. almost an hour away from me. I told that I knew, that my husband and I had seen it. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.5531955056179;-84.4057865168538
