It was a very large oval shaped object/saucer shaped object making no noise and multiple lights, some on and some off.;1985-10-20 19:00:00;5-10 minutes;It was a very large oval shaped object/saucer shaped object making no noise and multiple lights, some on and some off. I was driving my sister home from basketball practice one fall evening, it was dark and there were 4 of us in the car ages ranging from 17-6. I had just turned onto the street leading to our home and I looked up and saw this large oval shaped/saucer shaped object in the sky over an old cornfield near the local high school. I remember opening my window and pulling over to get a better look and it was just there-I heard no noise and the one thing that stands out in my mind was that this thing had lots of beige colored lights going around it-and some of them were not on. My younger sisters started to cry and I was scared so we continued driving down the road and when I turned into my neighborhood, it had moved over an area of houses in the neighborhood. again the same thing, no noise-like a plane or a military jet. it was very large and after that we just went home. and I was afraid at the time bc the tv show V was very popular and I thought they would come and get me. My parents werent home and I did not call the police for fear of them thinking I was crazy. We lived close to McGuire AFB so I thought maybe it was a test plane-but it did not look like a plane. I have thought about this incident often. I am now 35 and it is still on my mind-after seeing this site-I thought for once I could tell someone who wont think I am crazy. I also had a friend who had mentioned seeing something similar in the same town a year or two before me.  And like I said, the one thing that stands out in my mind was the size of this thing, the fact that it made no noise and the lights that were on and the lights that were not on. What do you think? Did I see something? Did anyone else ever report anything strange around that time? I dont remember the exact date-but I do think it was the fall. Thank you for listening. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.9672;-74.9562
