4 objects converging into a formation crossed the night sky high above then shot off in 90 degree angle!!;2004-06-20 00:15:00;5 mins;4 objects converging into a formation crossed the night sky high above then shot off in 90 degree angle!! I'm 33 yrs old, I'm into astronomy and aviation. I live by a major airport and under a main approach for aircraft.  I've seen everything from actual meteor's entering the atmopshere and breaking up, to the Stealth Fighter during an airshow.  I've read a heck of alot about the UFO Phenomenon, but never have ever seen anything other than man made and natural occurances.  I met this girl who's also a UFO believer and has had some interesting dreams.  I had considered her to possibly be an abductee, as I have a few family members who have seen UFO's and whatnot in their lifetimes.  I however have been half skeptical because of all the time I've spent looking at the stars.. Well .. tonight things changed.  My GF saw a light which I could not crossing the sky.  I figured she was seeing a satellite.  since my eyesight is not too great I figured she was telling the truth but I ribbed her saying she was nuts.  It was the first nice clear night for a major city where the magnitude is pretty horrible.  We went into the backyard, she sat on my lap and we spent some romantic moments looking at the stars.  I told her jokingly ask the star to come back.  Within 3 mins another star started moving across the sky.. I had my binoculars ready and watched it .. thought wow! A satellite but it disapeared too early.  Thought that it was odd but probably fell out of the sunlight's reflection..  It had moved both from South to North across the Northern Cross.  Then again we saw a bright light move, compared to other stars a short distance.  it was like a star that was there.. then started moving slowly,  then moved fast then dissapeared again.  I told her to send another wish up the aliens to confirm we saw something wierd as a joke to her again.  This time something beyond my wildest dreams happened.  I am still in shock at this moment.  So far I thought it was just satellites moving in a straight line..  I only saw 3.. she saw 4.. in the same area.. about 2 mins after she silently sent a message as I asked for a sign.. 3 lights reddish came out of nowhere right out of the southern side of the northern cross int eh same area we were seeing activity.. move across from the right (south) to the north at VERY high speed. 2 of the lights were converging .. it was like they were in formation getting closer.. then abrubtly turned at a 90 degree angle to the east and disapeared again..  My jaw hit the ground.  I've seen video of ufo's many times and other things.. but always.. ALWAYS said I'd never TRULY believe everything I've read about until I've seen it for myself.    After seeing so many military aircraft over the years and watching the stars all these years.. seeing bolides, shooting stars, and everything else.. I HAVE NEVER seen anything like this.  It totally blew my mind.. my GF and I were totally ecstatic.  We've both wished to see something ALL of our lives to confirm our beliefs.. IT FINALLY HAPPENED!!! I am still pinching myself!!  I felt no need to get a camera it happened all within liek 5-10 mins between all the sightings.  WOW!!! A lifelong wish fulfilled!!! That was nothig man made!!!;42.2969590909091;-82.8631727272727
