Strange lights sitting on ground seen behind house;2005-07-15 00:45:00;>1 hr 45min;Strange lights sitting on ground seen behind house As I was getting ready to go to bed, I went to my 3rd floor balcony to smoke and noticed what appeared to be a small fire.  The property behind my house is private, and gated so that no cars can enter.  Further, I am sure that no one should be there at all.   I was concerned why it was there and that if it was a fire I should call for help.  After watching for about 5 minutes I realized that it had not grown larger and appeared to have both red and white lights that seemed to be flickering.   I woke my husband still thinking maybe it was a large electrical item of some sort.  He said he thought it was too large and also saw that it had both red and white lights.  After watching this light for about 30minutes, I got pretty scared and decided to turn off all of our house lights and check our doors.   After going downstairs, I realized that I could still see it from my downstairs windows and realized it was too large to be a gadget of a camper or homeless person.    At this point my two sons and a house guest tried to get a better look from my deck.  We went outside and used binoculars.  Speaking for myself I can say that what I saw seemed to have a pattern of lights.  Three very faint white lights on top, one large bright one in the center and a number of white and red ones below that that seemed to be moving and alternating colors.  The exact shape of the thing I can not say.  I could only see the lights.   My husband whistled out very loudly and nothing changed at all.   My house guest taped the lights with his video camera.   Eventually, too frustrated and tired I decided to go to bed.  I went to bed at 2am.  I woke at 6am and as usual there were deer grazing in the meadow and I could see no evidence of anything out of the ordinary.   Today, my husband and I decided to go back there to see if we could find evidence of a camper or some other explanation.   What we found was no reasonable way to explain it.  I had originally speculated that the only thing I could think of with that pattern of lights would be a tractor.   The area is very wet, as it is a recently drained pond and there was not only no way for a tractor to get into the area but no tracks as well.  What we did find was a large round indentation with deeper indentations within it about every foot or so and one indentation in the center.  Some of the weeds were dried and brittle (dead) and bent to one side behind where the object had been.   I am also certain now too that it was too large to be something someone could have walked into the area with.   There was no sound at all as we witnessed the lights and the bugs, frogs and whatnots were all as usual.  I can say for sure that I will be watching tonight.   I do not wish to be interviewed or my name identified but would like to know if anything like this has been reported previously. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and she seemed quite sincere and credible to us.  We have urged her to obtain photos of the indentation, and to have the other two witnesses submit reports, too.  We hope to obtain a copy of the video.  PD));35.9176327846364;-79.0346460905342
low quick moving light;2005-09-11 20:10:00;10 SEC 5 MIN;low quick moving light I saw a unusually bright light in the sky for a second time in a few days.  The lights were changing color and I assumed it was the twinkling of a star.  I was pointing it out to a friend I was giving a ride.  He followed the light and pointed at its direction.   While stopped at a traffic light I looked over and a small orb of light raced from about the top of the tree line across the sky parallel to the ground.  Its speed was far greater than a plane or helicopter and it's size was quite small.  It moved faster than even a firework and left no trail.  The ball of light looked similar to video of ball lightning that I have seen but no clouds were present and it was really right at the top of the tree line.  It's movement was similar to that of a shooting star but it was so close to the ground and it's trajectory was completely unlike any of the many meteors i have observed.  The main light I had been watching continued to change colors around a main white but UNUSUALLY bright light.  I have observed in my area and around in other research I have attempted that these unusual lights appear in alignment with existing heveanly bodies, but they look quite different than the bodies they are alligned with.  Meaning that you notice a light that does not look like a star and displays properties that are quite different than a star, Venus or Mars but occur in identical places.  The regular bodies can be seen later in the position of the unusual object, light, or occurance, but appear to have little in common with the occurance.  Draw from this what you will but i feel that this could possibly be more than just a coincidence and not necesarily difficult to control.;35.9176327846364;-79.0346460905342
3 white lights in a triangle formation pointing down with a green light below the white lights. No strobes just solid lights.;2012-03-23 00:20:00;1 minute;3 white lights in a triangle formation pointing down with a green light below the white lights. No strobes just solid lights. At approximately 12:15-12:20am I witnessed 3 white lights in a tight triangle formation pointing down. Below the lights there was a smaller solid green light.  There was a slight gap between the white lights and the green.  This was on NC HWY 54 westbound just after exiting from I-40 on the Durham-Chapel Hill line.  The object descended very smoothly without any lateral movement from an approximate altitude of 1000 ft. or so (rough estimation). I lost sight of it once it became obstructed by trees.  As it did so it became one solid white light.  The sighting lasted just under a minute.  The object appeared to be about a mile to my southeast.  At the time of the sighting there was a conventional smaller airplane several thousand feet up to the west-southwest of the object. I am a meteorologist and storm spotter so I am quite familiar with sky observation and explainable phenomena.  This was clearly an object under some form of intelligent control and not weather related.;35.9176327846364;-79.0346460905342
