Three large bright lights, rotate to the right then disapear;2004-04-20 22:00:00;10-15 seconds;Three large bright lights, rotate to the right then disapear There were 3 very bright lights, so bright that the reflection off the water was the first thing I noticed (I was inside the house), seemed to be a couple of miles away.  They were horizontal, yellowish, and as soon as I walked out on the deck and began focusing in on them (and reminding myself where the camcorder was), they suddenly rotated like a key would to the right, going into a vertical instead of horizontal position, while at the same time simultaneously extinguishing.  Here's a similar sighting (I was so struck by the lights I was searching the internet for something similar, which is actually how I found this site in the first place):  http://www.nuforc.org/CB020618.html  That sighting has basically been attributed to flares, which is possibly what I saw as well.   There are military operations in this area (and quite active), however this would be the very first time I (or anyone I've spoken to) would remember actually being able to see any of it, other than normal flight paths, due to distance.  Not sure what it was, except that it was very bright, much brighter than 4th of July as almost as bright as a full moon on a clear night.  It was near new moon period howerver, which may have made it seem brighter. ((ADDENDUM TO ORIGINAL REPORT)) This is an update to a previous report, I have since spoken to many more people, including someone else who saw the same exact lights, and have since become certain the lights were indeed military flares as I indicated was likely in the original report.  There were several others who very accurately described what I saw, and claimed they had seem them before, though not this time, but who had been able to determine they were flares.  You can also reference the link in the original report to the other military flare sighting that was similar, which actually led me to this website orginally.  Please paste this into the original report, or remove them both completely.  Thank you!;30.515;-86.4843999999999
