UFO AERIAL PHENOMENOM SIGHTING IN EARLY 90's FAST MOVING DISAPPEARING;1991-06-25 14:00:00;Few minutes;UFO AERIAL PHENOMENOM SIGHTING IN EARLY 90's FAST MOVING DISAPPEARING UFO AERIAL PHENOMENOM SIGHTING IN EARLY 90s Daytime sighting of a multi-colored object, Vanishing, reappearing, and shooting through sky in every direction Indiana, (Jeffersonville) Exact date of this sighting is unknown, I was close to the age of Ten years old.  So it would have been close to early 90s.  During late afternoon, clear blue skies, no storms, no clouds anywhere. It was a sunny clear day, while playing outside of my grandparents house.  I was with my younger brother, he would have been around six years old.  We were playing with a large bouncy ball.  I remember watching as the ball rolled down the yard towards the street stopping just before going into the street.  My brother walked over picked it up, I will never forget watching him as he stood there with our ball looking up at the sky, he was motionless. As I walked over to my brother starring upwards, he asked me whats that?  As I looked his direction of his gaze, there in the sky at about a 45° angle appeared to be a star like object.  The object was the size and shape of our brightest star you can see in our night sky.  The star like object was white and motionless, and I remember saying to my brother, It’s a star.  But then I thought its daytime, I've never seen a star during the day. After about 30 seconds, the object began slowly flashing or changing its color from white, to red, blue, green, yellow, purple, and orange.  Each changing color lasted about two seconds, and it almost seemed to pulse these colors, as they appeared to get brighter in between colors. So while watching this object slowly start to flash this vivid spectrum of colors, it began to slowly fade out.  It did not fade out quickly, it took maybe ten seconds or so.  Only the very split second this object was not there anymore, something caught my eyes In a different part of the sky. The object was first seen while facing a north east direction, as soon as it faded out I could see it in a Southern direction slowly appearing, just as it slowly faded out, it slowly appeared the same way.  We watched as this object did this vanishing act three more times.  Almost losing sight of it, I couldn’t see it anymore my brother said, there it is.  A large tree was obstructing our view of it, and as soon as I looked it was fading out again. After the last fade out behind the tree, it then returned to its orginal point in the sky where we had first seen this strange object.  It then began to start flashing its colors again, only this time the flashing or pulsing of these lights were much, much faster.  Flashing different colors at around three colors a second. Then while watching it violently flash these bright colors, It all the sudden just went crazy is best described.  Its hard to convey while writing what this object started doing.  It just shot off moving every direction at once, Traveling huge distances in the blink of an eye.  Within just a few seconds it had traveled almost my entire field of view, but not just from left to right, but going left, right, up, down, and every angle in between. This really scared us, when it started zig zagging.  I remember my brother turning away from it and running back to the house screaming mom.  I also remember running back up the driveway scared as well.  Only I stopped at the top of the driveway, while my brother ran inside. I stopped and turned back around to this object that was still zig zagging every which direction.   Hearing the front door slam shut behind me, as I continued to watch this weird thing. The last thing I remember seeing, was this object making its crazy impossible maneuvers.  and it slamming to a stop, then shooting straight up at a slight angle, and appeared to leave our atmosphere. Now here comes the weird part, I was around 10 years old, my brother was only six years old.  My brother still remembers this very clearly, even though he was at a very young age.  Somehow I had forgotten this memory completely, untill about seven years ago, while talking to my brother on the phone one night.  He was at our parents house, and telling me that he was telling our mom about the U.F.O we saw as kids.  I remember laughing and saying U.F.O?  Yeah you don’t remember NO   All he had to say was  you don’t remember playing outside of our grandparents and seeing that star?. OH MY GOD, STILL TO THIS DAY I HAVE NEVER HAD SOMETHING COME OVER ME THAT STRONG AND INTENSE.  After hearing him ask me about the star, It felt like a lightning bolt hit the top of my head, and slowly went through my entire body all the way to my feet.  I stopped my brother in mid sentence of asking about the star and I remembered it all.  Every detail recalling way more than he could remember. This memory is so strong and vivid, how could I have forgotten this amazing aerial phenomenom.   I am Thirty four now, so from age ten, age I witnessed this up until my brother tells me over the phone, I was twenty seven.  Seventeen years passed and I had somehow had forgotten all of this.   It doesn’t make sense to me because I can clearly remember this event, every little detail. So after recalling this amazing experience, and researching, studying, filming, I am left with more questions than answers.  I think about that object every day, because it was so extra ordinary, and have come to this conclusion.  I know what I saw that day, but I do not know what it was.  This was NOT a plane, a star, a comet, or weather phenomenom.  I have lived here my entire life, normal upbringing, planes have always flown day and night because of U.P.S in Louisville KY.  So im aware of planes and what they look and sound like.  Stars don’t behave in this fashion, comets don’t make sudden stops and disappear and reappear in different points in the sky and they do not zig zag every direction in a split second.  Weather phenomenom like ball lighting, is only seen while a storm is in close proximity.  These are facts. So I am left asking myself what did I see that day as a young child?  Could it be military?  I guess, but what kind of pilot could survive the intense G forces that this object was making during its crazy maneuvers.  So I am left to ask what else could this have been?  I am a very normal hard working family man.  I don’t like jumping to conclusions on anything, I am very rational thinking, and always assume the most obvious in different solutions. I have to look at what this object was Not, then rule them out.   Aliens, I don’t know, I never seen aliens.  I have heard a lot about project blue beam fake alien invasions, and this is a possibility, I cannot rule it out because this could explain the crazy maneuvers. I am left with either military, aliens, or the military using projections of u.f.os.  I understand this is my experience, and for others only a story but, WOW.  This thing  witnessed is the holy grail of experiences that people go out and look for and probably will never see. If I were able to go outside right now, and see this again.  Get a camera and record on film the details I have shared with you, people would watch and probably immediately think that’s fake or a hoax.  Because of how odd this thing acted and the light speed that this object was able to make.  So let me tell you while watching videos on the internet, I am still trying to find a similar sighting like my own.  And when I see these crazy videos that look fake I always keep an open mind.  Because people would not believe what I have seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.3077646881286;-85.7358959758548
small white circlular craft, saw bright big colors, then in an instance gone;2010-05-16 19:00:00;1 minute;small white circlular craft, saw bright big colors, then in an instance gone Me and my friend were walking to a gas station on a local golf course right next to our neighborhood, and all of a sudden at the same exact time we both stopped walking in our tracks because of what we saw in the sky, looking up I see a small circular object in the color of white, and it was not moving just stationary in the sky.  Then the light from the object became brighter and brighter, finally it turned into different colors like green, pink or red, and blue and got brighter where youb couldnt see the original shape.  Then the light shrunk back into the white color i saw originally and at an instance was gone, almost as if it shot out of the universe in a matter of seconds, then me and my friend looked at each other, and at the same time asked each other, did you just see that?.  When it took off. It headed towards a highway that 4 different of my friends have claimed that they too have seen a UFO over the area of thisn highway, which concentrates over a! n area of an old ammunition plant used in an older war. NO COINCIDENT ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.3077646881286;-85.7358959758548
Seven silent round orange flying objects watched and observed in Jeffersonville, Indiana.;2013-12-29 20:00:00;10 minutes;Seven silent round orange flying objects watched and observed in Jeffersonville, Indiana. Sunday evening at approx. 8:00pm when I was on my back porch, I saw seven round orange flying objects off in the distance in a cluster or messy formation.   There were no sounds that the objects made such as engine, or jets.  They were silent.   I thought it was strange so I called my partner in the house and told her to come out and look.  She came out and after a few seconds the orange round lights scattered in the sky.  Some flew to the right and some to the left of me.  I ran in the house to get a pair of binoculars and looked at two of the orange lights to my left.  One began to make quick movement up and down almost as though it were scanning my body (I know this sounds weird).   I gave the binoculars to my partner so she could watch them.  We both stayed on the porch for about 10 minutes watching them make sudden movements and then standing still in the sky.  When I went in the house there was only one remaining that was visible.  I don't know where the ! others went. We talked ourselves into believing that it must have been a military exercise until we saw on the news tonight that some people in California also saw it and their description was the same as what we saw.  We decided we better report that we saw it here in Indiana also. The observers of this event are both middle aged and both have a professional backgrounds, no mental illness, and have never seen something like this before and have never made a report about UFOs in the past. The lap top that I am on does not have a word processor installed so I had to type this directly instead of copy and paste.  Sorry :-) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.3077646881286;-85.7358959758548
