Deep red colored bright light, same intensity as white aircraft landing lights.  Exhibited non-ballistic motion.;1997-06-07 03:00:00;5 minutes;Deep red colored bright light, same intensity as white aircraft landing lights.  Exhibited non-ballistic motion. I was working third shift at a machine shop in Jeffersonville, Indiana.  Being the supervisor, I had plenty of free time.  I would often step outside and have a cigarette, especially in the summer.   All the machines were running well, and the operators had settled in for another long night.  I walked outside and lit up a smoke, watching the U.P.S jets line up for approach into Louisville International Airport.  There were several jets in line for their approach, as well as a few others orbiting, waiting for their turn.  I can’t remember the exact number, but I would estimate at least 10. I watched this for a few minutes, and lost interest.  I walked around the parking lot for a few minutes enjoying the night air.  When I noticed that all the jets were gone.  I know they didn’t all have time to land.  I thought this was quite strange, and began scanning the skies.  I noticed a very bright, deep red colored, pulsating light.  This light was so bright, that it appeared to ray, like the bright landing lights on aircraft.  The only difference being the color.  And I say it pulsated not blinked, because it only dimmed, it never blinked off and on.  When I first saw it, it was in the sky to the northwest.  The color got my attention, but the erratic movement kept me interested.  It’s the strangest thing I have ever seen.  As the object brightened it would move forward or backward, and as it dimmed it became stationary.  The timing between pulses was approximately 1 second. After watching this for at least a minute, it was slowly making it’s way in my direction.  I had to get a second opinion on this, so I ran inside the shop and yelled for someone to come outside and see this light in the sky.  I ran back outside thinking it would be gone for sure, but it was still there.  And it was a lot closer than when I left. My brother, who was working for me at the time, came outside wondering what the hell I was talking about.  I didn’t even have to point, he immediately saw the object and made a remark along the lines of, ((deleted)).  I asked him if he could hear anything, to which he replied that he couldn’t.  This thing was nearly overhead and didn’t make a sound.  He also noticed the way it would move as it pulsed brighter, and stop as it dimmed.  We both watched this thing for several more minutes, and I wanted to see if my father was awake.  He had a pretty good digital camera, and I hoped he could get a picture, so I ran back inside a second time to call him.  I finally got an answer, and I know I sounded a little excited over the phone.  Explaining what I had just witnessed took another minute or two.  On the way back outside this time, I was positive that this thing would not be there.  But, when I got to the parking lot, it was still there.  There were no other aircraft in the sky this entire time.  The light slowly made it’s way almost directly over the building, when it suddenly released a round object from it’s underside.  We both gasped at seeing this, it was unbelievable!  The round object that was released had no light, but the main object’s bright light reflecting from it betrayed it’s presence.  At this very instant both objects disappeared.  And no longer than 10 seconds after that, a military jet, (an F-4 Phantom I would guess by the twin engines) flew right through the same spot this object had just occupied.  It was loud, and he was definitely looking for the object, because he dipped his wings left and right.  The jet turned around and left in the same direction he came from.  We both watched the skies for 15 minutes, and noticed the jetliners starting to line up again.  I didn’t know who to report this to, and I am convinced that, air traffic controllers caught this object on radar. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));38.3077646881286;-85.7358959758548
BRIGHT ORANGE LIGHT WITHOUT SOUND OVER THE CITY./;2012-04-20 22:05:00;90 seconds;BRIGHT ORANGE LIGHT WITHOUT SOUND OVER THE CITY./ SAW THIS BRIGHT ORANGE, BONFIRE BRIGHT LOOKING LIGHT COME FROM THE WNW TOWARDS THE DOWNTOWN LOUISVILLE KY AREA.  SILENT.  MOVED OVER THE AREA OF AN ON GOING FIREWORKS SHOW,  HOVERED FOR A FEW SECONDS, THEN FADED AWAY.;38.3077646881286;-85.7358959758548
Red light traveling opposite course to ISS.;2018-06-07 21:30:00;3 minutes;Red light traveling opposite course to ISS. I went out to watch the ISS fly over last night.  It was moving from NW to SE.  I continued to watch till it was almost lost in the light pollution of Metro Louisville, KY.  Just as about to turn around and go inside, I noticed a faint red point source of light traveling on a reciprocal course to ISS and moving at same apparent speed.   At first I thought it was an airplane with starboard nav light out, but as it travelled overhead I never heard any engine noise.  I continued to watch it till I lost it from sight behind some large trees. I consider myself a good observer, as I was in Air Force in Vietnam and later got my BS and MS in Physics.  I have never seen anything like this before.;38.3077646881286;-85.7358959758548
