Dark object flying ahead of a Chinook type helicopter, then a cigar shaped, silver object trailing behind;2017-06-23 20:00:00;3-5 minutes;Dark object flying ahead of a Chinook type helicopter, then a cigar shaped, silver object trailing behind My husband and I were sitting around a campfire in our backyard.  I looked up towards the north and saw a dark object way up in the sky.  It did not appear to be an airplane.  I could see no apparent wings, no flashing lights and there was no sound.  It was extremely high for how small it appeared to be.  I tried to point it out to my husband, but he didn’t see it. Just a minute later, in the same general area, there was a huge – what appeared to be Chinook helicopter – way up high.  It was white with a red tail.  My husband ran in and grabbed the binoculars.  It was so high up and the setting sun was hitting it just right - we both agreed it was some kind of hugemungus helicopter.  I thought then that perhaps the first dark object I saw might have been a military escort for this huge transport. The helicopter was just fading from view towards the northeast, we looked up and in the same area, at the same high altitude, was a cigar shaped object that was silver in color traveling along the same course.  My husband looked through the binoculars and could not figure it out.  It had no wings – it was not an airplane and was not a helicopter.  He just kept saying “what IS that?”  By the time he gave me the binoculars it was fading from view and I didn’t get a very good look at it.  With my naked eye, I could tell the color was shiny silver, and it had a strange shape… it was shaped like a cigar.  There was no sound. We sat and discussed what we had just witnessed and the only thing we are sure of is the gigantic Chinook-type helicopter, white with red tail.  The dark object I saw was too small for a “regular” plane to be that high up, and there were no apparent wings, no noise and no lights flashing.  Military?  Possibly.  The cigar shaped craft has left us in a state on confusion.  We have never seen anything like it.;41.1445;-84.5764
