Two yellowish star like ligths moving together side by side... then vanishing upwards at an incredible speed.;2003-05-04 00:30:00;30 seconds;Two yellowish star like ligths moving together side by side... then vanishing upwards at an incredible speed. At 12:30 a.m. I went outside to smoke a cigarette in my backyard.  I always look at the stars when I smoke.  All of a sudden I see two yellow star like light moving side by side.  They moved at first like shooting stars does but all of a sudden they stayed at the same distance of one another and went rapidly to the left and then just rocket upwards and disapeared in the sky.  In all my life I have never seen such a thing.  I`ve seen shooting stars, and i`ve seen shooting stars that breaks up but this was really not shooting stars... shooting stars cannot both stay side by side and move rapidly to the left at the same distance of one another and then just go 4 times faster and rocket upwards out of range of view.  I`m schocked.... I still don`t believe this... This event as clearly proved to me that we are not alone and no scientific explanation in my books and in all my astronomical magazine explain such a thing and from what I saw that cannot be anything else then two UFO`s.  I`m sure i`m not the only one in Aylmer that saw this... probably all the people at the marina could of seen it too or anyone looking up around these parts at that time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate the year of his sighting, but we presume he implies 2003.  We will attempt to verify the date.  PD));45.4008;-75.8479
Bright Orange Light - dimmed out as though it went straight up - silently.;2006-06-13 21:45:00;+ or - five min;Bright Orange Light - dimmed out as though it went straight up - silently. I was more than surprised and excited to read the accounts of Aylmer residents reporting UFO sightings. These stories were the first that I had heard of anyone seeing the bright orange ball that my family witnessed on June 13th at about 945 near the Marina. My spouse and I were enroute to pick up our child from near the Marina, I noticed an orange light in the sky, but dismissed it as a plane coming across the water from Ontario. But after picking up our child and chatting with our friends for a while, and coming around the corner near the Marina there was something odd about the light – it hadn’t yet passed over – as we arrived at Front Street – it was almost overhead – I stopped the car and had to lean over the dash to see it…I asked my spouse, “do you see that?”, he said “yep”, and to our child he asked “do you see it?”, she replied “yes. Mommy, do you see it?” she asked, I replied, “I sure do”. This bright orange light just sat there not moving – and not making any sort of noise. I can safely saw that the size of the light was the size of a quarter from where we sat. We watched it for a couple of minutes until it seemed to “dim away” as though it was going straight up. I dismissed it as a high end helicopter, the Air Show was scheduled for the following weekend, and we certainly didn’t report it to anyone – who would we call in the first place? The police – what would they do about it? The Airforce? – right – our military has much better things to do with their time...but now this is interesting!;45.4008;-75.8479
brie light in the air not far from us no glod nothig on the river you see very much  in nice night clear;2007-05-20 20:43:00;2-3 minute;brie light in the air not far from us no glod nothig on the river you see very much  in nice night clear monday mai 20 -2007 8:43 where getting back from fishing on ontario side going to the marina in aylmer it was dart in sudnelie y saw in the right of us in the sky this brie light just above the tree this after that i stop the boat in look again in toll my buddy do you see what i see that what i said yes. in there i ask im again do you think what i think in i said yes.light so brie in the air big light so manny of light it wase crise in light changing color in so big that in compare the size of the billding of  ottawa .afte of de size we look a this stange color light moving so slow in after it starting to go very slow toward the side of the river it was in wichwood in aylmer in after3to 4 minute seing this we war very shock . in it toward back  to tree in after that nothihg .but i no that we saw something that i never sen of my life it attraque all your attention.i go fhishing oftune i will look for this next time i will have my camera for prof believe me... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));45.4008;-75.8479
