One craft becomes three, and leaves trail.;2011-04-12 19:00:00;15 minutes;One craft becomes three, and leaves trail. In April of 2011 I was leaving a friends house in rural North East Texas.  I came to the end of his road, and was about to merge onto F.M. 1840 to head back to my apartment.  I looked to the left looking for traffic, and looked up into the sky.  There was something making a contrail in the sky, and I looked at it for a few seconds wondering if it was going to be a contrail, or a chemtrail. Whatever it was, was very high up, and, as such, I could not make out what it was.  As I watched it it broke apart.  For a moment I thought something bad had happened, and I was witnessing a plane breaking apart, and crashing.  Instead of crashing it, for lack of a better term, did a maneuver.  It was like it broke apart, and two of the units did this cork-screw maneuver.  It went from one solid unit flying across the sky to three units flying across the sky. Now the one contrail became three parallel contrails racing across the sky.  I didn't have my camera on me, so I put it in first gear, and raced home.  I'm surprised that I didn't run off the road, as I keep an eye on the sky watching the three craft race across the sky leaving contrails in their wake. As I got to my apartment the craft were disappearing from the sky, and by the time I ran upstairs, found my camera, and got back down stairs they were gone from my field of view.  I took several photos of the contrails from my apartment parking lot, but the sun had sunk so low, and directly in the path of where the craft separated from one to three, so you can't really see the maneuver. I didn't know where to send my photos at the time, so I posted them on a military forum.  I wanted to see if some military guys knew if this was a standard military aircraft maneuver, but I didn't get any constructive feedback.  I am emailing them to you as soon as I finish this.  Thank you for looking at them, and I welcome any feedback.  Please contact me by email only at this time.;33.4661;-94.4466
