Orange lights and shape-changing pale jelly-fish-looking object seen in South Tracy.;2015-12-06 19:45:00;4 minutes;Orange lights and shape-changing pale jelly-fish-looking object seen in South Tracy. At due north in the sky on 12/6 at 7:45PM, three people witnessed a bright glowing orange roundish object, approximately 30-45 degrees from horizon in the northwest sky.  Two minutes after first observing the object, it separated into two pieces, with the smaller piece at 5:00 relative to the larger.  The smaller piece dimmed after a few seconds of appearing and went out and the larger piece continued to glow orange.   After a few seconds, the larger object appeared to decrease in size and brightness.  Then the larger object dimmed and disappeared.  After a couple of seconds, it suddenly brightened to same original intensity and then after a second or two it dimmed back to a faint orange glow.  It then disappeared again.  While this was going on, a strong beam of light from the North East flashed from the ground toward the object.  This happened a couple of times for a period of a few seconds.   Within a minute of the orange object disappearing, in the same gener! al area, we then saw what appeared to be a white translucent jellyfish like object, which at first was traveling slowly in a due south path directly towards us.  It came almost directly overhead and it slowly took a north easterly path and continued to take that path until it disappeared from view.   All three of us got a good look with binoculars.  Under the binoculars, object was pale white, translucent, shape-shifting.  It looked like a jellyfish that can change its form. The shapes were not discernible, nor symmetric, almost like random shapes, but very broadly changed from being roughly spherical to more flat and back to spherical, with protrusions sometimes coming out.  Was very easy to see changing of shapes with the naked eye as well.   Seemed large maybe 50 to 100+ feet in diameter, but very difficult to say how large with any confidence.   The changing of the shape appeared to be unlikely due to wind alone (like a balloon) as far we could tell considering very low wi! nd speed (we looked online and there was a 4mph gust north eas! t wind). There was no wind we could feel (trees were completely still).  The object was changing shape much more quickly than what seemed possible due to wind alone.  Object also seemed to be moving noticeably faster in the northeast direction than what seemed possible by wind alone (although the low wind was blowing in the direction it disappeared from our view).   Estimated altitude, very difficult to say, no clouds for altitude reference, but probably between 1000–4000 feet.  Jellyfish-looking object disappeared from view after ~2 minutes of initially seeing it.   This witness testimony was written by all three witnesses within minutes of the event.   A cell phone video was attempted but could not get the objects in focus.;37.7266087591241;-121.465240875913
