We saw 2 different objects. One looked cyl. in shape the other was a bright light. We have a video of the objects. We were driving on t;1999-07-23 20:27:00;6min.;We saw 2 different objects. One looked cyl. in shape the other was a bright light. We have a video of the objects. We were driving on the freeway when we saw them, so we stopped, and got a short shot, then continued driving, and got some more video of it. Totally not counting the video we watched the objects for probably over 10-15 min. On July 23,1999 we were on our way to my Aunt dorothy's house on our way back from disneyland, and when I was driving I had noticed a strange bright orange light off to the west that was shaped like a cyl. or a cigar, so I told everyone to look at that strange light, so the rest of the family looked and saw it also. We had noticed that there wasn't a cloud in the sky, and the sun had just sat down over the horizon a short time ago. So the sky was very clear, and blue with a beautiful sunset red shadow on the horizon. So we stopped by the side of the freeway, and took a short video of it, and then began driving again, and then my Fiance saw it again, and started videoing the object again, then out of nowhere appeared a brite lite round in shape I would guess just bouncing all around the skyline, and at one point it came pretty close to the other object. It was really wild to see, then they were gone, and we didn't see them again.;37.7266087591241;-121.465240875913
Yellowish-white Light Show Gliding Across The Sky;2019-09-11 05:00:00;10 minutes;Yellowish-white Light Show Gliding Across The Sky UFO SIGHTING, 9.11.19, approximately 5am, Pacific Time, Tracy, CA, USA 95376-1707  I walked out of the house through the carport and stopped at the end of the carport and looked up into the sky and I saw it. It was up high in the sky, a little to right of center and far away. (More details to come). It continued traveling to the west as I started walking to go check the mail (we live in a mobile home park where we can walk to our outdoor post office boxes), but I kept looking up at the sky and I kept seeing it until it was blocked by the mailboxes for about 8 seconds. I was a little afraid because I was alone with this experience. My heart was pounding and my breathing was rapid. My eyes were wide open for the next couple of hours after it was over. After it was out of sight, I went inside and immediately told my boyfriend about everything I’d just seen, then I wrote all of it down. Then I Googled “airplane lights” and “airplane light patterns” and none of them came even close to what I saw. Details: All the lights were the same color, very bright yellowish-white but mostly white, the size of airplane lights, I think they were all the same size, but the end-lights might’ve been a little larger. (This is the only detail I’m not sure of). In the 5 minutes or so that I stared at it, I observed that it was traveling from east to west, which for me, was from left to right, and judging from the distance away, it seemed as though it was moving at about the same speed as an airplane.  Steady movement, never stopping or changing direction. About the size of an airplane.  Pretty far away, couldn’t hear any sounds coming from it. Because there were so many lights coming from it, I could almost see a shape but not quite. The lights at either end were higher up than the lights in the middle section.  The lower, middle lights were not in a level straight line across, but in a right-side-up bowl shape. After watching it for a minute or so, the lights gradually turned off from right to left to the halfway point, they stopped for a second, then they continued to go off all the way to the end at a faster rate than the previous action except for the last light on the left, then that one went off separately, then immediately they all went on again one by one, but quickly this time, from left to right. The light “show” lasted for about 5 seconds. I hesitated to report this because I kept thinking that no one would believe my story.  This is why I haven’t reported it until now.;37.7266087591241;-121.465240875913
