Bright Light in northern Sky, not any Planet I know of and Not the Space Station;2007-11-02 22:25:00;20 seconds;Bright Light in northern Sky, not any Planet I know of and Not the Space Station I had walked out my front door, heading to my pickup to get a computer CD when I looked up in the sky as I usually do when going out in the evening.  As I walked up to the Pickup I noticed an Airplane flying from west to east.  This was nothing out of the ordinary in my area since we live under several Transcontinental Air-lanes between Chicago, Omaha, and Lincoln, going to Denver or LA Etc.  I was tracking the Plane going to the east when I noticed a very bright light in the sky further towards Zenith from the Plane.  As I was standing facing North, I checked the sky to orient myself with the Constellations and I attempted to triangulate on the position of the bright light.  I found Cassiopeia and then Camelopardalis and found the bright light was between North star (last star in the little dipper's handle) and the Brightest Star of Auriga about half way between these two stars, but was not as distant. I would estimate this Light was in orbit, but holding stationary position.  Doing a quick inventory of the sky I concluded it was not Venus Saturn or Jupiter because it was too far north and in a totally wrong place to be these planets.  To judge the size of this light it would be four times the size of Venus when seen in the South-western Sky at, or shortly after Sunset.  The Brightness was twice the Magnatude of Venus in the Morning Just before Dawn. But as I said this was not Venus.  After observing this light for 15-20 seconds it just winked out, not moving in any direction.  What I noticed was while the object’s light intensity was dissipating, I could see a round ball in the center, kind of like when a light bulb is turned off, you can still see the glow if the plasma formed around the element for a brief second.  But this was round.  I also thought I could hear something like the sound of what old flash bulbs made in the Camera’s of the 50’s up to the 70’s, that crunching boiling sound as the blue coating fried from the heat of the bulb burning out.  I stood there for a few minutes waiting to see if this was all or if it would come back and I didn’t see anything else.  I came back in my home and checked the time which was 22:34.  I’d estimate I had seen the object no more than five minutes before.  I then made this report.;41.207;-101.0442
