Needle nosed object  widening out into a triangular shape, The rear of the triangle had a shaft extending out  into a oval into a;2004-07-26 23:40:00;30 Minutes;Needle nosed object  widening out into a triangular shape, The rear of the triangle had a shaft extending out  into a oval into a I was cutting cross country from  west of Tryon Ne. turning off of highway  92  south on a country road which weaves south to Sutherland Ne.  I was about 15 miles north of  Sutherland when I noticed to the south-east of the stars were blinking out as if something was traveling along and blocking out the stars in the constellation Gemni.  The area where the blocked out stars was darker than the sky.  At this point I could see the lights glowing from Bailey Yard (Union Pacific, North Platte 20 some miles to the east from behind the hills.  I used this as a somewhat known distance to judge the blocked out area which appeared to be standing still and would have put  it between  Hershey and Sutherland.  I continued on to the south keeping an eye on the object until i reached the North Platte River bridge which dropped down to the river bank.  I attempted to see if it was still there but couldn't see for the trees until I was on the bridge itself.  I was about  half way across the bridge when I regained the darkened area.  The object was moving to the south very slowly and was shapped  with a needle nose spreading back into a triangle.  The rear of the triangle had a shaft extending out a ways elongating into a sideways oval.  The Oval had two lighter spots in it, not quite lights, maybe engines?  The skin of the object was coal black and appeared to be made up of angles something like the Stealth Fighter. (BUT NOT THE STEALTH FIGHTER OR BOMBER)  I would say the object was about  300 yards long and 100 wide at the triangular front end.  I continued to the south until I came onto the two mile road north of Sutherland and turned to the east.  I stopped and got out to get a better look.  I heard a low pitched hum which seemed to be coming from the object which was heading south towards I-80 and US 30.  It seemed to be moving about 3-5 miles per hour (Just creaping along) and about 1000 foot altitude or so.  It seemed to me it was about a mile or two away to the east.  I watched this object for several minutes until it  disappeared to the south and the lights of the rest area on I-80 interfeared.  I  came on home and reported what I had seen.  This object was simpularly shapped to one I saw floating above the river  in the 80's and the same color and had a simular sound to an object seen over Sutherland in the 80's  Did I see something not of this world or did I see something the U.S. Government is experimenting with??;41.207;-101.0442
