Spinning and sliding sideways group of light that were Rectanglure in shape;2004-12-03 20:30:00;5 Minutes;I was traveling west on Highway 30 between North Platte and Hershey  when I noticed lights in the sky just south of the highway and east end of town spinning and sliding sideways group of light that were Rectanglure in shape.  At first I thought I was seeing a Plane, but Planes don't spin.  This group of lights spun in a counter clock wise motion and took about  10 seconds to make a revalution.  It also drifted to the west in a hover from about mile post 165 to the east end of town.  Then the rotation stopped and the craft moved straight North.  At this point I had pulled off to the side of the road and got out of my truck.  the light were shaped in a Trapezoid formation with a spot light in the center that would come on  intermitantly.  What ever this craft was it did not make the sounds that a helocopter makes.  The only thing I heard was a low  continues whooshing sound heavy on the osh part.  I stood there for about four minutes watching this object light up the country side with a bright white circle  until it was about a mile or so North then the craft shot straight up and out of site.  The whole time I watched this craft it was about 700 feet above the ground and I also saw the normal passenger jet aircraft in the sky but they were traveling at their normal altitudes 20k  feet or so.;41.207;-101.0442
Fire ball/box.;2013-06-30 22:35:00;2 minutes;Fire ball / box I had let my dogs out for their evening break before going to bed and while walking in the back yard I usually look up at the stars.   I turned to the west and noticed a glowing just above the terminator of daylight and night.   I stopped and thought that looks in the general vicinity of Venus, but was the wrong color, shape and size.  I watched it for a few moments and noticed it was rectangular in shape and floating to the south.   I had to judge it was about five miles or more away from me and was going to be hid by trees across the street.   I rushed through the house, and to the nearest intersection but it was gone before I got there. Object was as described rectangular in shape standing up on end where it was taller than it was wide.  It appeared as it was flame because it flickered like a fire and Orange-Yellow in color.  It was not Venus as I located it behind a tree, nor was it a plane unless it was on fire which I do not think it was as it was traveling from north to south.   Also I do not believe it could have been fireworks due to height several thousand feet.;41.207;-101.0442
