Full View of structure;1982-10-15 20:00:00;1-2 minutes;Full View of structure We had worked in Lake Placid all day and were heading back to the Northway (I-87) on route 73 when the first phenomenon occured, a flashing light type thing as if there were lightning. The sky was crystal clear  which made it wierd, starry and a 2/3 waxing moon was up. It was about 8pm. We got on the Northway heading south at Exit 30 and a minute or 2 down the road I was the first to notice a well lighted Object hanging about 500 feet off ther ground and just east of the road. At first I thought it was a helicopter and mentioned this to my secretary, and we both said no. Then it suddenly dawned on the both of us that it was a UFO. It was so close that we see could see its complete outline and details of its structure. Its perimeter was outlined with red lights, One bright red at each 90 degrees with two smaller red lights in between. There was a huge flood light at its bottom center pointing to the ground. And the top turret system had multiple lights aimed in many directions. It was approximately 50 to 60 yards in diameter. It was dead silent. It slowly floated just barely of center as it hung, something like a gyroscope gently wabbles as it spins ever so slightly. The moon was at just the right angle to illuminate its upper surface. The finish was flat or buff, metallic grey, and there were no markings on the hull or fusilage. We had had trouble with our car earlier, so I didn't stop, but we did pull over to the shoulder and slow down to a crawl while we observed it. Then some trees came up between it and us in the center island and when we came out on the other side, it was gone. Did it land or take off we couldn't tell. When got home inn Glens Falls, I called the local police and Channel 13 in Albany, and they all blew me off like was a crackpot. Since then, I was talking with one of my friends who lived on Lake George for  many years and he told me that he had seen light like formations flying down along the lake several times when lived there, especially in the dead of winter, when the lake was frozen and no one was really around. My ownb personal theory is that there may be a landing port somewhere in the depths of the Adirondacks for one large reason- Ther are some heavy iron deposits in the Adirondacks that will even throw off a compass. What a great area under which to conceal a UFO landing port! That's it. That's my story. I wouldn't tell it any more because people look at me wierd when I do, but I have a witness, my secretary, who still works for me after all these years. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.9875;-73.713
