Saw a string of white lights extending into the sky at  45-75 degree angle above mountains in Essex county.;2006-02-10 19:30:00;less than 30 secs;Saw a string of white lights extending into the sky at  45-75 degree angle above mountains in Essex county. I was driving North on the northway 87. It was about 7:30 PM or so when I was around exit 29-31(cannot specifically remember). I came to a spot where there was clear view of the large mountains in the area and something caught my attention. There was a group of dim lights in the formation of a line at about a 45-75 degree angle. At first I thought it might have been lights from chair lift poles set up on a mountain ski resort. But after some more glances (mind I was driving 65 on the highway) I saw that the lights were far to high to be on a mountain. It was difficult to see the mountains as they were dimly outlined by the sky as the sun was well below the horizon and the sky was turning darker shades of blue. I am positive it was not on a mountain because the lights were far too high. After driving out of viewing range of the mountains and the view disapeared behind roadside pines I was unable to see the lights any longer. I waited impatiently to see if the lights would still be there once I closed some distant on the highway but I didnt see them again. As I approached the plattsburgh area I did notice what seemed to me to be an unusual amount of airplanes out that night as dozens crisscrossed the sky at altitudes so high they only appeared as white dots with their blinking wing lights. As far as describing the UFOs, they seemed to be nothing but dim white lights around in a fairly straight line at 45-75 degrees or so approximately. As far as how many lights there were I would have to say anywhere between as little as 25 to as many as 50. I wasnt able to count because I only saw them briefly and had to focus on the road. I thought I remember seeing slightly orange  lights mixed in with the white maybe at the end of the line, but Im not certain.;43.9875;-73.713
