Early in the morning, I awoke, rapidly sitting up in bed as if awakened by a bad dream. Without any thought or autonomy on my part, I g;1997-07-25 03:00:00;1 minute;Early in the morning, I awoke, rapidly sitting up in bed as if awakened by a bad dream. Without any thought or autonomy on my part, I got out of bed and proceeded to my window, facing south/south west, and opened the shade. I cannot remember asking my body to arise or do any of the motions that it was doing, but I remember being able to think, Why am I not in control of what's going on? My head turned to face the east and a fireball of white/light yellow light appeared. It RACED across the night sky, lighting my room and house as if it were broad daylight. I tried to shield my eyes but wasn't able to control my body. My head followed the object as it streaked from east to west in a downward trajectory. It left no tail. Within seconds, it seemed to not disappear, but explode. Early in the morning, I awoke, rapidly sitting up in bed as if awakened by a bad dream. Without any thought or autonomy on my part, I got out of bed and proceeded to my window, facing south/south west, and opened the shade. I cannot remember asking my body to arise or do any of the motions that it was doing, but I remember being able to think, Why am I not in control of what's going on? My head turned to face the east and a fireball of white/light yellow light appeared. It RACED across the night sky, lighting my room and house as if it were broad daylight. I tried to shield my eyes but wasn't able to control my body. My head followed the object as it streaked from east to west in a downward trajectory. It left no tail. Within seconds, it seemed to not disappear, but explode, appearing as if to come in contact with my ex- boyfriend's house, whom I had broken up with only days earlier. The light from the explosion lit as far as I could see and it really did seem like it was 12:00. Unvoluntarily, I was escorted back to my bed and pulled my covers over myself and rolled back into the fetal position that I normally sleep in. Immediately, I was able to control myself. I lept from bed and called my ex to see if he had a clue what I was talking about and I also confronted my family about the bright light. No one else had noticed a thing. The main things I remember was that the UFO was about the size of my fist, perhaps a quarter of a mile away from me, it was white/yellowish and at impact it emitted a brilliant white/blue light that sent a kind of hot flash through me as it shined. I remember not being able to move and being forced to watch this occurance. The night sky also seemed to not have any other stars that were visible either. The moon was also not visible, but when I was able to move, reappeared. The stars never reappeared. Colfax is a forest setting and the UFO grazed the treetops in its descent. I have never seen a light this bright before. To this day, if I close my eyes, I still see the outlin! e of the fireball and can relive every moment of the encounter.;39.0753;-120.9527
