Triangle shaped object over Monticello, MN;2012-03-14 20:40:00;Approx 10 seconds;Triangle shaped object over Monticello, MN At approximately 20:30 I brought my dog out to do his business.  I had walked to the side of my home and was looking up at the sky while my dog was busy.  I was looking into the North West sky.  I was looking at what I believe was Jupiter and Venus.  The moon was in a last quarter phase so there was adequate moon light pollution.  As I switched my gaze to the West I saw what I thought was a very large white bird flying across the sky.  If anyone has ever seen the beauty of white birds flying in the moonlight then you would probably know what I am describing.  As I focused on this thing I quickly saw it was not a bird (I am getting teary and shivery thinking about it).  The UFO was triangle shaped and was travelling with one point of the triangle leading the direction of flight.  There were three small steady red, somewhat dim lights.  One light was in each corner of the UFO.  There was a distinct hull of some sort.  The closest thing I can compare the body t! o is one of those triangle break down reflectors large trucks carry.  It seemed as though the center portion of the triangle was either missing or very black.  It was like a triangle in a triangle.  There was no sound that I could hear.  The altitude was hard to tell.  The UFO blocked out light from the stars as it passed overhead.  The UFO took about 10 seconds to cross the night sky.  I do not know if it disappeared or because the lights on it were so dim I lost it in the light pollution over Minneapolis.  I also do not know if it just appeared when I first saw it or if it was moving into the moonlight where I could see it.  I am a middle aged mechanical engineer and a intermediate star gazer.  I am not excited easily.  As I watching this I was shivering, hairs on my neck were up and I wanted to cry.  When I think about this my eyes water.  I do not know if I am scared or excited because I have never felt this way when reflecting on an event.  Nothing I have ever seen has! made me feel this way.  I have seen other things in the sky b! ut this takes the cake.  I immediately drew it on paper once I was back in the house.  I showed my wife.  She was concerned.  She has never seen me act this way before.  I am so drawn to this I feel I need to write this.  I believed from a young age in UFO's.  I am very scientific and enjoy advanced Physics. I feel as though I am changed a little.  Also, there is a nuclear power plant less than 15 miles from my home and the sighting.  There is probably so much more to say but I am at loss for words.;45.2919000000001;-93.8048999999999
