Five silver disks produce five different messages in the sky on a clear bright Sunday afternoon.;2002-01-24 14:00:00;Hour and 1/2;Five silver disks produce five different messages in the sky on a clear bright Sunday afternoon. On Super Bowl Sunday afternoon observed 5 UFO's flying in formation on a clear, bright day above the ocean.  They wrote a message in morse code, each one producing a comtrail in dots and dashes.  It looked like a ribbon, and dissipated within 5 minutes.  They produced 5 of these messages within the course of an hour and 1/2.  The ships were clearly visible.  No sound accompanied this manifestation, and they winked out one by one, then would appear about 15 minutes later to make another one.  Three messages ran from north to south over the ocean, and two of them went from east to west right above my car.  I had requested a sign from the Galactic Federation, and they gave me even more than I had anticipated! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.   PD));32.9662;-117.2521
Strange craft seen over Del Mar Fair.;2014-07-05 23:00:00;20 minutes;strange craft seen over Del Mar Fair Me and two other witnesses were at the Del Mar Fair when I looked up at the sky and saw four lights close together in a square shape.  Two lights were green and two lights were blue.   The object was hovering high in the air and there was no sound.  It then started flying horizontally across the sky at a high speed then came to another stop.  It hovered there for a couple seconds before flying vertically away from us.   It stopped in the distance and hovered there before flying vertically towards us again.  At one point it was directly over us.  This went on for about 20 minutes.  Sometimes it would fly in a straight line and other times it would be flying in a curve.  When it would accelerate from a non-moving position, it would slowly start moving and quickly gain speed, as well as quickly come to a stop.   There were a lot of people at the fair but most didn't seem to notice.  There were a few that did notice and some of them were taking video and pictures with their phones.  After the 1st craft disappeared, I saw three light in the sky that looked like a triangle shape flying very high up in the sky.  This one only flew through once.  During the time of the sighting we saw helicopters flying around the area as well as air planes.  The craft we saw were non of those.   One of the people with me took some pictures as well as video tape of the first craft.  The phone they were using for some reason did not manage to capture the distinctive four colored lights that we saw.;32.9662;-117.2521
