This was like a green colored light, like a star.  It was lower than any other aircraft would be.  It was decending, in an easterly dir;1998-09-18 21:30:00;1 minute;This was like a green colored light, like a star.  It was lower than any other aircraft would be.  It was decending, in an easterly direction, then moved west.  As it moved west it turned white, then it went out, disappeared.  No tail or explosion. I was traveling south on I-5, just passing the Del Mar Race Track. My friend was in the car with me.  I saw a green light floating above the area where the race track is, near the coast.  It moved east while decending, then it moved west.  It was the green color that caught my eye, I had heard on Art Bell's show of people having sightings of green flashes.  I grew up on the coast and the only green flashes I had heard of were the ones that appeared at the time of an intense sunset, but I knew that those were optical illusions.  So I was interested in this ob- ject in the sky that was green.  It was star like in size, but too low to be celestial.  And it wasn't flashing like any aircraft would be. By the time it caught my friend's attention it had turned white.  We both watched it travel west a little further then it just went out. The sky wasn't too dark that we wouldn't have seen something even with- out a light on it.  So we both searched for something but were amazed that nothing was there. Shortly after that you were on the radio announcing all those calls you received.  I finally found some spare time to submit my report.  I didn't find any other posts of sightings at the same time or place we had seen the light, but I'm hoping this will help you in your research.;32.9662;-117.2521
Fireball streaked across the sky and fizzled out 5 miles inland;1998-10-01 16:00:00;4 seconds;Fireball streaked across the sky and fizzled out 5 miles inland Heading southbound on 5, coming up towards the Del Mar racetrack I saw a glowing green object heading inland roughly 20,000 feet above the highway at a speed similar to that of a missle.  There was a very small glowing blue flame behind the object resembling a road flare.  The object didn't appear to be traveling in an arch or at a speed greater than sound.  After a few seconds, the object seemed to break apart slightly finally become consumed by the bluish glow until it simply fizzled away.;32.9662;-117.2521
