Large object floating in from over the Pacific Ocean in early morning daylight in southern California;2010-03-26 07:45:00;10 minutes;Large object floating in from over the Pacific Ocean in early morning daylight in southern California My husband and I were returning from walking our dogs at 7:45 a.m. on March 26, 2010, coming down a hillside overlooking the Pacific.  We saw something floating over the Pacific and moving towards the coast. It seemed to be coming from the west, heading slightly south east--perhaps toward Torrey Pines.  It did not have the symmetrical shape of a hot air balloon, nor did it seem like a parasail craft. It was about 1/4 the size of a full moon. It looked to be dark blue, perhaps with some “cardboard brown” coloring—and no discernable markings. It had a cobbled-together appearance and if I was told it was a home-made craft, designed out of about a hundred card board boxes, and filled with helium I would think that was a viable possibility. There were no lights and no sounds.  It appeared to be moving “about as fast as a hot air balloon” and did not appear to be under power.  As we finished our walk we kept an eye on it, and at one point it looked to be changing direction, heading more north-east. It seemed to be gaining altitude. Back at the house we found the binoculars but were unable to get a good focus on it.  My mother who was visiting from out of state tried the binoculars, too, but with no real success--it was too far away.  Finally it changed direction again, and appeared to be heading more distinctly south east, toward the Miramar Marine Corps Air Station. Concerned that it might tangle with the flight pattern of the F-18’s that fly out of Miramar regularly, we called the San Diego County Sheriff’s Department, letting them know what we saw. While I was on the phone the object moved out of our sight.  As for the background of the three witnesses—all of us are college-educated, two of us with graduate and post-graduate work as well.  My mother and I both are from Air Force families, with knowledge of aviation and aircraft.;32.9662;-117.2521
Contrail then white cloud, then blue/green cloud over Del Mar, CA.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;4 minutes;Contrail then white cloud, then blue/green cloud over Del Mar, CA. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD)) Broad point of white light with a long contrail behind it the area immediately after the light was illuminated/glowing.  There was a flashing red light a short distance behind the area that was glowing.  These lights moved across the sky as a commercial airliner would. After it arced across approximately 40 degrees of sky, the light disappeared. After 5 or 10 seconds, a large white cloud appeared, initially the size of my fist (outstretched arm) and finally covering a major portion of the western sky (perhaps the size of a hulu hoop in my outstretched arm).  This remained for a minute or so and eventually dissipated. When the large white cloud was gone, a smaller blue/green cloud was left.  As it was dark outside, it was interesting that both the white cloud and the blue/green cloud were visible in the sky.;32.9662;-117.2521
