White light deposited two red lights and then zipped off into the sky.;1976-08-01 17:00:00;1-2 minutes;White light deposited two red lights and then zipped off into the sky. This an experience that I shared with my brother who is five years my elder.  At the time I was only  6 years old and my brother 11. We were standing in back of our house and both noticed a white light shoot down, stop,  then two red lights slowly shot down to the ground. Then the original white light shot back up into the sky much faster than when it came in and disappeared.   The whole incident took a good one to two minutes.  Not just something you see out of the corner of your eye.  We sat there and observed it discussing it with each other as it happened.  We may have been young but we know what we saw. We were both so certain that something alien had been deposited on earth and we wanted to check it out all though I was scared.  It was then our mother called us in for dinner and she didn't believe our story.  She insisted we eat dinner first and then allowed my brother to go search for whatever had been deposited.   When my brother went out armed only with his BB gun I was both scared for him and curious, hoping he'd find proof of our sighting.   Unfortunately he came back empty handed. Now 31 & 36 my brother and I recently were visiting when my brother asked if I had remembered our experience.  We found it rather eerie that we both remembered it exactly the same way to the detail in the same place all these years later. We're certain It was not fireworks or any other man made device. There are no military bases anywhere near our family home.  It seemed as though it were very close say one mile away but that could have been deceiving.   There's a floodway running behind our house and it seemed as though that was where the lights should have gone.  They may have landed as far away as Bird's hill park which was about 10 miles away. We were unable to make out a ship or anything other than the lights, it seemed very close but still was no more than a bright light. Thanks for allowing a venue to tell our story, people tend to look at you funny when you tell such a story, particularly because of our age at the time.  But how could we both remember something which scared us so much so closely,  Our memory of the event is identicle.  And it happened 25 years ago! Cheers ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));50.0859;-96.9393
