UFO SAUCER SEEN GLIDING ACROSS SKY FOR 5-7 SECONDS, IN MASSACHUSETTS.;2014-06-22 02:30:00;~6-8 seconds;UFO SAUCER SEEN GLIDING ACROSS SKY FOR 5-7 SECONDS, IN MASSACHUSETTS. SWIM was outside on SWIM's deck.  It is roughly 2:30 to 3:00 am when SWIM Sometimes gets off of work for the night.  Stories like these are difficult to believe often simply because of lack of several witnesses.  Yes, SWIM was alone on the deck after a hard day of work, and often is tired and sore due to the tendencies SWIM's career entails SWIM is smoking a cigarette, looking up at the sky from the deck with a perfect view of the stars. Crystal clear not a cloud in sight.  SWIM is no stranger to the sky or view of stars in array from the viewpoint of the deck.  SWIM lived in this house for +5 years and loves looking at the stars.  SWIM recalled seeing several shooting stars 4 to be exact that morning, and also 3 planes.  So if SWIM is a reliable source in your opinion it would be safe to assume he, or she knows the difference between planes, stars, and mystical aerodynamic flying saucers. There is a star with another star appearing to be underneathe the other from the east of this direction.  SWIM thought a light flashed from the general location in the sky.  SWIM recalled seeing these two stars light up and connect as if almost with a lighteningbolt connecting the two.   Shortly after the original activity, about 200-300 feet off the ground hovered a strange disk/saucer, there were no blinking lights and it appeared to have an ominous green/orange haze to it.  The object glided by SWIM's view over the edge of she or he's house amazed and in slight disbelief SWIM claims to have stood up from a seat on the deck and looked over the edge of the roof more, and sure enough at the same altitude and speed was the saucer disk, continuing to hover away. unlike a shooting star, the object did notfizzle or die out, unlike a meteor it did not catch fire fizzle out or hit the ground. Unlike a plane it was off normal course of the areas normal flight passage and had no blinking lights. It was a clear saucer shape there were no wings and it was gliding with almost no noise or problem.  Afterwards SW! IM Smoke d a joint of marijuana and claims to have seen what looked like spotlights coming down from the sky in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness, and he assured us that the report is a serious one.  PD));42.2440999999999;-71.1688000000001
