((PROBABLE HOAX))Blue Orb Followed By Jet;2005-03-20 22:00:00;1 minute;Blue Orb Followed By Jet Was out back on my porch we just moved here not more than a few weeks ago and I usualy step outside nightly to look at the stars cause the night sky here is really nice to look at compared to where I lived before. I looked up towards the moon and saw 3 objects 2 were not blinking and 1 was one was blue and the other was white as it got closer it turned out to be that the blue object was being followed by a jet, we live just a few miles from Dyess Airforce Base the 2nd object was off to the side of the blue object kinda far away but I focused mainly on the blue object that was being followed until it got out of sight and I could no longer see it. I see jets flying around here quite often and they usualy have some sort of blinking light. But this object didnt and just looked like a tiny blue orb going across the sky at the same altitude that the plane was flying at, if I were to take a guess i'd say it was about 15,000 ft up in the air. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Probable hoax.  No Tuscola, TX, can be found, and there is no Abilene county, TX.  PD));32.2355;-99.8227
I filed a report back in march and its not on your march or april update ..was for Abilene Texas ..;2005-03-20 23:30:00;1 minute;I filed a report back in march and its not on your march or april update ..was for Abilene Texas .. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));32.2355;-99.8227
Saw something, not sure exactly what it was ..but i'll tell you now it definately wasnt Venus or Mars ..I saw both the planets while I;2005-12-01 06:00:00;10 Minutes;Saw something, not sure exactly what it was ..but i'll tell you now it definately wasnt Venus or Mars ..I saw both the planets while I was looking at this ..My Mother was out back and she knocked on my window to call me out there to look at what she was looking at ..it was a VERY bright Red object in the sky, it wasn't blinking and it was longated in the sky and solid red ..I see planes here and they blink and this was way to big in the sky to be a plane ..it started off near Venus but way much lower than Venus and it would go sideways in the sky to the west then come to a complete stop then move again west without going higher or lower in the sky it moved and stopped about 6 seperate times ..after it got near some trees it became a hazy red color ..if I were to estimate I would say it was about my hands size in the sky ..I then got into my car after the trees started to block its  View cause on the other side of the trees theres nothing but sky cause we are already about 1500ft above sea level here and when I got to the other side of the trees there was nothing but sky and this object was nowhere to be seen, there was no object is the sky at all that I could see ..maybe someone else saw something since it was about that time that people leave for work ..I did grab my camera and intened to get pictures if I had seen it still when I got to the other side of the trees but no luck ..;32.2355;-99.8227
Went outside to bring out the trash when I noticed over the hillside about 500ft above the hill was a light that was strobing, it defin;2006-05-23 22:55:00;Few Minutes;Went outside to bring out the trash when I noticed over the hillside about 500 ft above the hill was a light that was strobing, it definately wasn't no light tower, or anything else since theres nothing like that over that way.  I called my mother out to look at it, she saw it too. I ran inside to get my binoculars. Soon as I opened the door to come outside my mother said it just disappeared. She said one second it was blinking then it was gone. It was slowly rising in the sky too very very slowly. Wasn't a plane ..planes dont almost hover and strobe the way this thing was.;32.2355;-99.8227
Was out back with my mothe just talking, we saw a plane in the sky that was leaving a trail behind it like most planes do in the sky. S;2006-11-08 17:30:00;10 Minutes;Was out back with my mothe just talking, we saw a plane in the sky that was leaving a trail behind it like most planes do in the sky. She went inside then a ball of light appeared right next to the plane as if it was going along with the plane. I ran inside to get a camera by the time I got out there it was gone. I called my mother out to tell her we saw nothing after that. Then what appeared to be another plane taking the same exact path except this time it was going almost straight up and was leaving an orange trail behind it that wasn't staying in the sky like most trails it was vanishing as the object was moving. Then as it got closer the ball of light appeared again right next to it and in front of the object that was leaving the orange trail appeared another black object in the sky that was traveling in front of the object leaving the orange trail in the sky. The ball of light then zipped off to the west at pretty fast rate. It got from one end of the sky to the next in a matter of seconds. Then when we went to focus on the other 2 objects they were gone too. About 10 minutes later 2 what I assumed to be military jets appeared way up in the sky following right behind each other in the same general area as the objects were. But I know that pilot of the plane that was up there had to of seen something. It was right beside it very very close to the plane. Was quite a show. Unfortunately I couldnt get the ball of light or the other objects in my camera view. Thanks!;32.2355;-99.8227
Made a report on this yesterday, same thing happened today just this time only the light appeared ..right around the same exact time to;2006-11-10 17:30:00;1 minute;Made a report on this yesterday, same thing happened today just this time only the light appeared ..right around the same exact time too just as a plane was taking the same flight pattern. Except this time is appeared way off to the west of the plane. But you can add this with my report from yesterday. This time both my parents saw it and myself.;32.2355;-99.8227
Ball of light then faded out.  ((NUFORC Note:  Iridium satellite??  PD));2008-04-07 22:00:00;Few Seconds;Ball of light then faded out Went outside to bring out the trash. I looked up in the sky and saw a ball of light moving across the sky, it was kinda low wasn't a satellite was to low to be a satellite. It was going from south to north it was crystal clear outside. As it was going across the sky it just faded away. I was going pretty fast but slower than a plane travels across the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Iridium satellite??  PD));32.2355;-99.8227
