An extremely bright light spec moving very slowly across they sky and soon fading making no sounds.;2002-07-10 22:15:00;20 seconds;An extremely bright light spec moving very slowly across they sky and soon fading making no sounds. My friend and I went outside just to look around at the stars, we live in the suburbs of New York city, about 60 miles East of the city. The sky was mostly clear with very few clouds and there were many stars visable.Within a few seconds of going outside, our eyes caught something very light in the sky, facing East. This light was small, but bigger then any of the other stars or planets in our area. As well as it being extremely bright it was moving VERY slowly. As it was moving across the sky the light started to fade and fade until it completely dissapeared. Just for clarifacation, the object or whatever it was made no sound. It also didnt have any type of color or flashing lights.;40.8434046511628;-73.2814302325582
Strange lights over Commack NY;2008-04-12 21:20:00;20 Minutes;Strange lights over Commack NY I am for the most part always on the skeptical side when it comes to this stuff...but last night that all changed for me.  At about 9:20pm I am laying on the couch watching the hockey game on VS. I take a glance outside my front window to see what looks like fireworks about a mile South of my house. As I watch I realize that it wasn't fireworks, but looks like helicopter hovering above the treeline. As I watch it for a minute or two I realize there are actually 2 of them. I turn to the tv and try to put on the local news channel...thinking there might be somekind of a chase going on or something. But...they really aren't moving so I think maybe it's an accident and someone is about to get medivacked<sp>. Then the original light which is a bright yellow/gold in color, changing to an amber color. The object makes a turn and heads to the West...But, it was moving so slow, there is no way a plane can fly that slow. As I am watching it move I now realize there is another hovering above the original one. As i am watching the highest one it completely dissapears. Gone! I now an so intrigued that I go outside to get a better look. When I go outside I realize there is no sound! If it was a chopper I would have clearly heard it...and planes just don't hover like these did...nor do they fly as slow as the one that moved to the West. The one that moved to the West is still shining the brightest, but after a couple more minutes just dissapears....as does the other one that was hovering just above the treeline. All three objects didn't have any blinking lights. They all were the same color, just one was brighter than the other two.  Again, I am very skeptical when it comes to this stuff. Untill last night I never saw anything in the sky that had me second guessing like last night.   I called my buddy about it. His brother is a Suffolk Cop and asked if anyone called in any weird calls last night. He was blank on the other line for a few minutes. He said are you serious? I said hell yeah...he proceeded to tell me his brother spoke to him before me with some woman claiming that there were strange lights shining into her house and thought there were kids in the tree's with super bright flashlights!!!  I swear I am not losing my mind, but I certainly have no explanation for what I saw.;40.8434046511628;-73.2814302325582
Bright green, meteor-like object travelling at high rate of speed over residential neighborhood.;2009-01-15 21:00:00;2 seconds;Bright green, meteor-like object travelling at high rate of speed over residential neighborhood. This happened back in January, 2009.  I don't recall the exact date, but I have seen a couple of reports on your website of similar sightings, so I thought I would report it.   My wife, my daughter and I were travelling home at approximately 9:00 pm.  We were heading east on Jericho Turnpike, in the eastern portion of Commack, approaching Smithtown.  My wife was driving, I was in the front passenger seat and my daughter (17) was in the back seat.  Traffic was light, as it was a cold winter evening.  We were stopped at a red light when suddenly I saw, above and ahead of us, what looked like a shooting star....except it was very large, and bright green!   The first thought that entered my head was a meteor.  It was heading in a northerly and downward direction, so it passed in front of us from right to left.  It was only visible for a couple of seconds, as it was moving very fast, but as it flashed by, it momentarily lit up the sky around it in a bright green color.  As I stated , it was moving in a downward trajectory, so much so that it looked like it might crash in the neighborhood to our north, and I silently braced myself to hear some sort of explosion.  But nothing more happened.  After the object had passed, I waited a few seconds and then asked (trying not to sound too excited) did anyone just see that?  To my relief (that I wasn't having hallucinations), both my wife and daughter replied, tentatively, ummm...yeah.  I then asked whether either of them had any idea what we might have just seen.  My wife, almost too quickly, blurted out oh, it must have just been a shooting star.  I could tell by her voice that she really didn't believe this, but my wife is someone who does not like to engage in any discussions about anything paranormal, etc.  So, I just let this go, and didn't bother to comment that I've seen many shooting stars in my lifetime that they are not this BIG and that they aren't BRIGHT GREEN!  I tried to make more light conversation about what we'd just seen, but I ! got the distinct impression that both wife and daughter were a bit creeped out by it, and didn't want to talk about it, so I dropped the subject.  However, one last postscript to this....about a mile east of our sighting, we encountered a County police car coming in the opposite direction toward us.  The officer was not using his siren, but had all of his emergency flashers on, and was driving at a high rate of speed.   He was obviously making a silent response to something urgent, and as he approached us, he made a screeching right turn onto a side street and headed north into the neighborhood where I thought our shooting star might crash.  (He made the turn almost on two wheels, and was drivng so fast that my wife commented, Whoa....where's HE going?)   I don't know if the two events were just coincidence....or if the officer saw the same thing that we did!  I have no idea what it was that we saw...I am not saying it was a flying saucer....just that it was NOT an ordinary shooting star.  I won't say it was unlike anything else I've ever seen, because I did have a similar sighting several years ago, late at night, while sitting on my deck.  In that instance, however, the same type of green shooting star went directly overhead, travelling west to east, and did not appear to be travelling downward.   I don't wish to identify myself, just to say that I consider myself a qualified observer, as I am a 24-year-veteran law enforcement officer. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.8434046511628;-73.2814302325582
ORANGE  UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS.;2016-06-25 09:50:00;3 minutes;ORANGE  UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS. OUTSIDE LOOKED UP IN SKY AND SAW APPROXIMATELY 10 UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS IN A SOMEWHAT LINER FORMATION OF ONE AT A TIME.  THEY WERE ORANGE AND AS THEY WERE FLYING WENT FROM CLARITY, TO DISAPPEARANCE.;40.8434046511628;-73.2814302325582
White light that alternated in intensity and emitted sparks.  ((NUFORC Note: Iridium satellite??  PD));2020-07-29 21:30:00;10 minutes;White light that alternated in intensity and emitted sparks. On 7/29/20 at about 2130 EST I observed what at first I took to be a satellite. It was a small point of white light similar in appearance to a dim star. I initially observed it WNW of my location, at about 45 degrees elevation. What drew my attention to it was that it increased in intensity to about the brightness of an average star, then went dim. After about 10 seconds, it increased intensity to about the brightness of Venus, then went dim again. I estimate that each “pulse” took about one second to complete from off, to on, to off again. It was much slower than a strobe or blinking light that one would see on conventional aircraft, and was a gradual increase and decrease in intensity.  The object continued alternating this high/ low pattern about every 10 seconds. It was moving slowly from its WNW location across the sky, almost overhead, heading approximately SE, and was difficult to track as when it was not pulsing it was not visible to my eye. As it rose from about 45 degrees to about 80 degrees, it “pulsed,” and also appeared to emit white sparks. It very much had the appearance of a sparkler type firework, but the sparks were only a few in number and lasted for a brief second. I initially thought the object had changed course due to the appearance of the sparks, but soon again saw it continuing SE repeating the pulsing pattern.  I eventually lost sight of it when it was approximately SE of my position at about 45 degrees. I estimate that the object was visible to me for approximately 10 minutes. It is possible it was a military aircraft of some sort, but I have never seen or known them to behave this way.;40.8434046511628;-73.2814302325582
