At 632pm, on November 5th, myself and a coworker observed what we strongly believe was a ufo in the sky above commack NY on long island;2020-11-05 18:32:00;10-20 seconds;At 632pm, on November 5th, myself and a coworker observed what we strongly believe was a ufo in the sky above commack NY on long island in suffolk county. The location specifically was the parking lot to the facilities building for the commack school district on burr road.  Myself and 3 others punched out to go home at 630pm. One guy left immediatly, another 2 walked with me to the lot, the second guy got in his truck and left as I was talking to the third guy, I was facing south. Above him in the distance, in the sky, I saw an oval shape lit on the leading edge. At first it looked like a pinpoint but as it moved from west to east, it quickly because a defined shape. I immediatly stopped our conversation and pointed it out to him and we were in shock of what we were viewing. We walked more into the center of the lot. It was moving no faster than I would say and aircraft moves. This was no aircraft in our opinion. I took my phone out and took a picture, I switched my phone to video and as I started recording, my friend said it just vanished.  The sky was clear, no clouds could be viewed. There were aircraft in the area and you could clearly see their navigation lights.  We viewed this object for about 10 seconds before I snapped the picture I have of it.  I can best describe the object as a well defined oval massive in shape. I would scale it at maybe 4 times larger than an aircraft. There was a glow to the front that wasnt like a headlight, it didnt project out like a headlight. It was more of a light at the leading edge of it that shined back onto the object that clearly defined its shape, or atleast the leading edge of it. The shape was clearly defined as an oval, the end of the shape was crisp, it didnt appear that the glow of it was like a a light being shined into the distance, it was very clear that the light was shining at the object as if it was a light to show what it was, not where it was going.;40.8434046511628;-73.2814302325582
