UFO with tentacles hovering in Olney, Maryland.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of celestial body??  PD));2011-07-13 03:00:00;3 hours;UFO with tentacles hovering in Olney, Maryland At 3:04 AM, a friend and I noticed an extremely bright object hovering in the sky, much larger in comparison to the somewhat visible stars in the sky.   After a very short time of observing the strange object did we notice that it was moving quite a bit in all directions at what appeared to us as a slow pace.   We then spent the next hour and a half standing in the same spot watching as the object changed shape and lighting.  Before deciding that what I was witnessing was in fact a UFO, I decided to use the app, “Google Sky” to make sure it was not just a bright star playing tricks on my eyes.  Oddly, my phone had absolutely no service, and though I can’t be sure that this and the object are related, after restarting my phone, it appeared to act normally again.   I then officially established that it was no star or planet. Sometime around 4:20 AM, I finally decided to vocalize an observation that I thought was crazy: the object appeared to have tentacle-like attachments that both my friend and I had assumed earlier, were just reflections of the lighting.  These “tentacles” often came in and out of view and at times, made it look somewhat like a jellyfish in the sky. Around 4:45, I finally decided to awaken my mother as well as my boyfriend who live about a mile down the road to get their opinion on the animal-like object.  After seeing the UFO for himself, my boyfriend then woke up his uncle and we all watched together. Around 5:00 AM, three of us watched as some type of dark flying object flew towards the UFO and, as far as we believe, connected or went inside the larger, lightened UFO.  Around the same time, we also noticed yet another flying object within a decent distance that was much smaller and  flashed lights regularly.  This object, unlike the original large one, flew the sky at what looked to me like the pace of an airplane. Around 5:40, it was clear daylight and only the original bright and animal-like object was visible. It was very obviously, as well as slowly,  heading higher and higher in the sky.  The last observation I made before leaving the scene was that the clouds were out and this tentacle having object was still beneath them rather than behind them like a planet or star would be. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of celestial body??  PD));39.1585;-77.0837000000001
