one of the ufo's did zig zag manuevers across the sky west of Mt Rainer and the other one stayed fairly stationary...the the one doing ;1999-12-21 06:45:00;15min aprox;one of the ufo's did zig zag manuevers across the sky west of Mt Rainer and the other one stayed fairly stationary...the the one doing all of the zig zaging ..suddenly disappeared into the southern sky towards Portland ,or...then a minute or so later the other one disappeared behind it in the same direction..it was fairly dark..just before daybreak...appeared as bright oval lights high in the sky...wouldn't have thought too much about it except none of the aircraft I know of ...can go that quick accross the sky in a abnormal zig zap ...zip zip fashion ..then when I got to work in Portland,Or...the employee sitting next to me...told me he believed he saw a UFO over Beaverton, Or...around 8:30am this morning...so possibly could have been the same ones ??? I work for ((company deleted)) and drive to Portland, Or everyday. Have lived at 123 n spencer rd, onalaska, wa for over 8years ..and this is the 2nd time I believe I have saw ufo's in this area. We live west of Mt Rainier and on the cowlitz river. It was too dark to get much of a description other than oval shape and bright lights...they were quite high in the sky It appeared to have some colored lights on the bottom other than the regular headlight appearing color;46.4413;-122.8261
Oval object bright green in color transverses sky from NNW .. stops .. hovers .. accelerates to East .. stops .. hovers ... accelerates;2000-02-09 20:45:00;1-2 minutes;Oval object bright green in color transverses sky from NNW .. stops .. hovers .. accelerates to East .. stops .. hovers ... accelerates in zigzag pattern to West .. climbs .. sweeping turn to North ... disapears Commercial Driver northbound I-5 at or near MP 64 observed a bright green oval shaped object with a bright green tail streaking in from the NNW and decending at approximately a 60 to 70 degree down angle.  Object appeared to be about the size of a Pea held at arms length. There was Northbound commercial air traffic visable in the sky, estimated to be in the vacinity of Olympia, Wa., and the object appeared to level off at or near the altitude of the air traffic and stopped and hovered for about 15 seconds.  Object then accelerated in an easterly direction, appearing to pass behind the air traffic, and stopped approximately 1 second later having transversed an estimated 45 - 50 degrees of arc.  Object hovered there for about 30 seconds.   Object then reversed direction and accelerated in a zigzag pattern to the West at about half the speed that it had traveled to the East.  There was no tail during the period after the first stop and hover.  When object reached a point that appeared to be at or near the location of the first stop it began a sweeping turn to the North, accelerated to what appeared to be the velocity traveled upon first observation, the tail reappeared, and the object began a climb at what appeared to be the same angle as the decent.  Object was visable for about 1 second then blinked out.  Color of object was approximately the same green as the exit signs posted along the road.  Speed and actions of object tend to eliminate possibility that it was any type of known aerospace technology availible today. Reporting Party is a trained observer having spent 7 years in Law Enforcement (milatary and civilian) and 9 years in civilian Fire Service. Reporting Party has experiance as a private pilot and military forward air controler/observer.;46.4413;-122.8261
