Eight, small star-like objects were seen floating and moving after a plane passed, then they disappeared;2003-11-22 14:10:00;10 minutes;Eight, small star-like objects were seen floating and moving after a plane passed, then they disappeared First of all, this is not a flying saucer report we just didn't know where to go to report what we saw.  At 14:10 (EST) in Spartanburg, South Carolina, exiting a building, and looking almost exactly east, a plane was seen coursing across the sky.  Immediately after observing the contrail forming, the two observers saw 8 (eight) objects in the sky, appearing like stars (relatively the same size, but more metallic-silvery-shiney in appearance than a star at night) in the blue, daylight sky.  These objects had no apparent formation, but they were moving slowly. Almost 7 (seven) minutes into observing these objects, 6 (six) of the objects appeared to have a two-by-three formation:  two columns, three in each column, almost equidistant in space in relation to each other.  After roughly 10 (ten) minutes of observation, the 8, star-like objects could not be seen it was as if they had slowly vanished from the observers' sight.  This is speculation:   We thought the objects we saw were parachutes for a while, but we deduced that, given the time we observed the objects, we would have seen them increase in size/get larger and more apparent.  However, the objects appeared to slowly decrease in size and then vanish over time.  We finally concluded that we had no idea what these objects were.;34.9073211916465;-81.9126249692898
UFO chased me on a walk home;2006-04-14 19:50:00;2 minutes;UFO chased me on a walk home This event happened as I was walking home after playing outside. Earlier that evening I was playing with a friend, we were around 10/9 when this happened, said friend left to go home to eat his dinner leaving me alone. I continued the game we were playing by myself for about the next thirty minutes. As the sun began to set I remembered I lost track of time and would miss that nights episode of WWE Smackdown so I started walking home.  A brief description of the neighborhood I lived in, it was a small subdivision with only four main roads and a small connector road. My friend and I were playing on the back left road and he lived on the front left road and I lived on the back right road. So my walk home was a straight shot. I was a quiet neighborhood and most people besides the kids who would come outside stayed inside or in their backyard. Most nights we’d be back inside before or by nightfall. So I was the only person outside .  As I began to walk on my street I was about a 1/4 of the way up the street when I noticed a bright light above my head. At first I dismissed it but after a few steps decided to look up. At first glance I thought to myself “Dang the stars are shining bright tonight” and looked back down. Then I gave another look and stopped, as I looked up I saw a craft with a circular main body and three rectangular extensions in the shape of an equilateral triangle. That is to say each “arm” stuck out where the tips of the triangle would be. The entire body of the craft was a whitish yellow and glowed but no light seemed to be illuminating the sky or ground. It was fairly close the best description I can give of it is of a plane close to returning to an airport. It also made no noise. I stood there in shock for about 20 secs or so. The craft continued to fly forward slowly but covering a lot of ground, it was near the backyard of a house in the cul-de-sac and nearly out of the neighborhood.! At that point fear kicked in and I started to run the rest of the way home.  As I was running up the drive way and under the porch awning I looked up again to see the craft and back tracked and was flying over my house. But it was from the front to back of my house not retracing from side to side if that makes any sense. Nothing happened after I went inside that night. I did tell my friends the next day and my class the following Monday. None of my friends saw the craft nor did another kid who didn’t come outside but was in my class and lived across the street.;34.9073211916465;-81.9126249692898
Strange lights;2011-12-08 21:00:00;FEW DAYS;strange lights We saw the light in different locations.on different nights and we were in seperate vehicles coming home.. i saw larg light in the sky that i had never noticed but it wasn't moving fast and it seemed to be lower than any jet i have seen flying over when i talk with my brother i jokenly said did you see a ufo on your way home tonight..he looked at me funny and said yes why ?  iam not sure what we saw but iam sure its not a jet..its sets still four a hour or so then you'll see it in a different spot later on...i have seen 4 different nights he saw it it 2 times...;34.9073211916465;-81.9126249692898
