Red/Yellow Blinking UFO dropped white lit object out of bottom, changed direction then nearly disappeared;2017-09-03 21:40:00;9 minutes;Red/Yellow Blinking UFO dropped white lit object out of bottom, changed direction then nearly disappeared My husband and I left my parents' house at 9:40PM on 9-3-17, we were backing out of their driveway when I saw these 3 strange lights vertically staggered in the distance.  My parents have lived in that house for the past 21 years, and I grew up there, these were NOT normal lights.  So, I immediately told my husband to look, and we quickly drove down the street to investigate the right/yellow blinking, yet stationary lights. That's when I took the first picture, it was too dark for my iPhone to get a good picture, so I circled the 3 dots in red because my phone couldn't focus.  We decided to go home the long way so we could follow the UFOs, we made it just down John Dodd Rd out of my parents neighborhood and we BOTH saw a white colored lighted object fall out of the bottom of the red/yellow blinking object.  We were flabbergasted!  We drove a little further and parked at the intersection of John Dodd Rd and New Cut Rd where I took the next picture and video that I attached. The red/yellow blinking objects were now coming very far apart in a single file path following one another.  They were headed West towards us, then the one coming closest dropped out another white lighted object out of the bottom, then waited a second and dropped another, it then turn right, and started heading N..  As soon as it began heading N, it disappeared from our sight VERY quickly. It was followed by 4 other red/yellow blinking UFOs.  They all followed the same path, and as soon as they all began to head N they disappeared so fast, but only the first one we saw after we stopped at the intersection dropped out two lit objects. As they were headed towards us, which was west, so we were looking east, they did not seem to be moving fast at all, and they definitely had the ability to hover in a stationary position as when we first saw them, and then they were stationary momentarily as they dropped things out of the bottom of their ship. It should also be noted that a jet flew above us during the sighting and was MUCH higher in the air than these objects were. I wouldn't put it past the government to be testing some random aerospace stuff, but the part that is seriously throwing us for a loop were the following things: 1 - Stationary first 2- Glowing objects released from the bottom 3 - Speed in which they disappeared after turning N, because they were not moving that quickly as they were headed west towards us 4 - They were fairly low to the ground, way below the jet that flew above us. I would be glad to answer any more questions that you may have.  Thanks for listening.  This is my second UFO sighting in my lifetime of 31 years, the other was in the Austrian Alps when I was 15 with my best friend, but we were young and never reported it.  I definitely believe in life outside of our tiny universe.  I hope this helps in some way, or you all can give us an answer to what it may have been, or if anyone else had reporting seeing something similar to what we saw tonight.;34.9073211916465;-81.9126249692898
S.C. upstate. red orb/ ,  sphere, low flying, no sound , not descending . not a fireball.;2017-09-19 20:00:00;8-10 minutes;S.C. upstate. red orb/,  sphere, low flying, no sound, not descending.  not a fireball. The object was moving low and steady from southwest to northeast at apprx.  9:30 p.m eastern standard in Spartanburg South Carolina, at an altitude similar to local emergency and news helicopters, so much lower than most commercial flights. A steady glow of red (no blinking ), sometimes I thought it was not solid just a red sphere, but as it passed over to the north, I thought I saw a fin/airfoil on the bottom.  It was moving fast but not extreme, but no sound at all, the whole viewing lasted about 8 minutes . I was on my back patio, but ran through the house to continue looking at it as it went on to the horizon where I lost it in the tree line.  I have an open mind but I was seriously shaking.;34.9073211916465;-81.9126249692898
