It looked like a smashed diamond a parallagram if you will-the color of flash like a camera,  during I got my cell phone it was gone.;2009-03-06 04:30:00;6-7 seconds;It looked like a smashed diamond a parallagram if you will-the color of flash like a camera,  during I got my cell phone it was gone. I am replying back to the message i received from well it says do not mention any names.  His initials are PD.  This is real not a hoax.  I described what I saw as a flash and you want more detail-ok.   As i was driving south bound on the 605 south coming from santa anita- I was probably near passing Duarte.  As I was driving south bound i looked up just below my blue tint of my wind shield.  I seen this glow-it looked like a flash not the speed but the color.  Its shape i would say like a parallagram or like a diamond a smashed diamond- thats the closest i can say because it was bright in a sense that I could not make out the exact form.  As i was looking at it I thought it to be a reflection of a commercial planes wings to the sun, but I did not see any plane after- I repeat-I did not see any plane-planes are not that fast as we see them flying from the ground.  I am looking at this UFO for about 6 seconds or so then I reach for my cell phone.  My cell was in my center console-so I looked down just briefly maybe 3 seconds i get it then I looked up the flash was gone so I am continuing looking for a commercial airplane- as I thought it was a reflection from the sun to its wings.  No plane in sight.  I called my mom and told her because i freaked out- I was gonna tell her what I was seeing and I did.  Then when I happened to look up after i got my cellphone it was gone.  Yes-I seen a UFO.  I will never forget that.  It looked like a smashed diamond the color was-well look at flash from a camera that was the color.  It was still-it was not moving it was still.  I cannot give an estimate in feet but like i said - I thought it might be a reflection of a commercial airline to the sun, but it was not.  I seen something that dissapeared- it was gone in a matter of seconds-just when I was getting my cellphone- go figure- that was something crazy.  again I am not BSing.;34.1373821428571;-117.955771428571
