slow moving unexplaned craft;2002-10-28 19:10:00;30 seconds;slow moving unexplaned craft while on our night walk we saw some kind of craft. it looked like i was seeing the front and part of side as the lights started to curve away. it was as low as a small airplane flys, but much larger. it was moving south east and dissapered over the hills and tree line. i watch the sky a lot and have never seen anything like this. the night sky was clear and the stars were bright, the lights on the craft were much dimmer than the stars, the speed was slow compared to a jet.;40.7588;-80.7592
Disk or oval object with ring of multi-colored flashing lights and very bright white light in bottom center.;2011-08-25 05:30:00;1 minute, 45 sec.;Disk or oval object with ring of multi-colored flashing lights and very bright white light in bottom center. I am making this report for my brother-in law who has no computer. On August 25th and 26th at approximately 5:30 am, my brother-in law, who was staying at a remote cabin just south of Lisbon, Ohio, was looking out of his bedroom window when he spotted a disk or oval shaped object moving slowly above the tree tops of the surrounding woods.  The weather at the time was stormy, with thunder and lightning. The object had a ring of bright, rapidly flashing, multi-colored lights(red, green, orange, yellow) as viewed from approximately a 45 degree angle.  There was a round spot which protruded from the bottom center which emitted an extremely bright white light. It was more of a flood light than a spot light. The object moved slowly and did not hover or stop.  The sighting lasted approximately 1 minute and 45 seconds. It made no sound,  but there was thunder, so any sound might have been covered up. The next morning at about 5:36, he saw the same object, but it was higher up and was flying a slightly different path than the morning before.  It was extremely foggy but he could very easily see the bright white light at the bottom of the craft.  This sighting lasted about 45 seconds.  He did not make a size estimate because he could not tell how far away the object was in either case. My brother-in law would like to know if anyone else reported the same object, and if Lisbon has had ufo sightings in the past.;40.7588;-80.7592
