late June 1998   two bright  stars  briefly chase each other over Southern Oregon;1998-06-28 23:00:00;05 SECONDS;late June 1998   two bright  stars  briefly chase each other over Southern Oregon The week after two discreet witnesses in different parts of another local town, in a report carried by the Medford Mail Tribune,  I saw 2 ufo's while walking my dog at night. I was 58, walking a darkened mobile park's streets.  The night was unusually beautiful, moonless and crystally clear.  My head was craned back as I looked overhead and marvelled at how velvety black the night was and how sparkling the stars.  As usual,  the milky way was much in evidence.  Suddenly,  in a group of 5 1st magnitude stars ( I thought later it was the handle of the Milky Way ) two of the  stars began chasing each other. [ If you took a pencil and slowly drew a 5 pointed star without lifting your pencil,  that would represent 5 seconds and the approximate angles of flight in other words, sharp, sudden and continuous movement )  The first thing that popped into my mind was,  Planes can't do that.  I remained half an hour to see if they reappeared,  but they didn't.  The next day I called the newspaper office and asked if anyone else had reported seeing a UFO.  They said no.  They wanted me to give my name and details,  and I said,  No way!! I don't want to be identified as a crackpot.   I should mention that this area has been  famous for decades as an area for 1st hand account sightings.  One was by a minister in the 70's,  a good friend of mine and totally reliable. Check reports in the past for Sardine Creek Rd.,  Sam's Valley,  Gold Hill. Later my best friend told me of a couple he knew who'd built a cabin on Sardine Creek Road,  a cabin with a flat roof.  They put a mattress up there and stayed up late watching UFO's.  I consider myself an accurate witness, not easily fooled, a long time believer who had never seen anything before that I would have identified as a UFO. ((name and address deleted)) Central Point,  OR 97502;42.3902;-122.9177
unidentifiable lights in great numbers flying in a spaced out formation in the early morning sky.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-13 05:30:00;20 min;unidentifiable lights in great numbers flying in a spaced out formation in the early morning sky My wife and I witnessed an evenly spaced formation of high flying objects moving from a northeast direction moving to a southwest direction.  I initially observed the objects and then called my wife outside to check out the unusual amount of craft.  These craft were about the height of a satellite however, there were way too many of these craft to be a satellite which I have only seen race though the night sky one or two at a time, not dozens of evenly spaced craft.  After about 20 minutes there came some other craft, but that group only included a remaining 4 lagging craft.  Note: I could not visually observe any blinking light as would be expected from aircraft. that is all.;42.3902;-122.9177
