Extremely bright orbs in Oregon seen hovering and one followed descending plane.;2015-07-07 23:00:00;10 minutes;Extremely bright orbs in Oregon seen hovering and one followed descending plane. Me and my fiance came home the night of july 7th around 11:00 pm., and my fiance's friend (who had just dropped us off) calls and says theirs extremely bright orbs and flashing lights behind our house!  i hear my fiance say what is it still there!? and we jumped out our bedroom window on to the roof and we see flashing every couple minutes which looked almost like lightning, it lit up the whole sky.  but it was changing colors and coming from the same spot.  (and it wasn't a light device or anything.(it was in our 85 year old neighbors yard.)  Then we heard another neighbor's horse cry which was pretty close to it and our 4 dogs started freaking out and this extremely bright! white light orb type of flying object appears at the top of a tree hovering and was moving to the left slowly in increments then another one appeared on the ground below it.  The one above the tree then appeared to be following a plane that was leaving the airport pretty close to our house, the lights were too bright to see any details other than that the light seemed to be circular. A minute later they blinked then disappeared then we saw a tiny thing jetting through the stars.and it looked like there was dark a cloud all around his property this whole time that then dissipated.and i also had the eeriest feeling the whole time it made me feel like i was having an anxiety attack.We didn't sleep till like 4 or 5 am. The next morning i went over t my neighbors house and told him what we had saw but he has been in bed already.  As i was walking back towards our house i see a trail of black dust that slowly vanishes into thin air. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.3902;-122.9177
