Astoundingly wide Chevron or flying V with 7-9 piercing white lights that fade to red as it goes behind trees. Moves slow & quiet.;1984-08-15 23:00:00;20 Minutes;Astoundingly wide Chevron or flying V with 7-9 piercing white lights that fade to red as it goes behind trees. Moves slow & quiet. I realize this is almost twenty years later, but I was not aware of this database till now. I was driving home from a friends house in Patterson NY, and by the time I was coming down route 22 in to Brewster, I saw what looked like a long line of white Christmas lights in the sky, which took on more of an enormous V shape as I got closer to, and more underneath it. I pulled in to a supermarket parking lot to view it better, and to my amazement it was moving or drifting at maybe 1000 feet off the ground, with an amazing span that nearly crossed the sky North to South. It was moving (drifting) West to East, and made almost no sound. It was moving much slower than any conventional aircraft, and seemed to fade off behind the treeline at a certain point, at which the lights that had been small and piercing white became orange, then red as it got behind the trees. The altitude may have been less than I first thought on account of how quickly it became obscured in the trees at such a slow speed...almost setting into the forest line. I jumped in the car and followed it for a few miles to a resevoir where it eventually faded off behing the surrounding hills. I had nobody with me at the time, but in the parking lot I was going to point it out to others who were there, only to notice them already standing around and pointing to it. I didn't talk to them, as I thought it would be more interesting to chase it. Months later, I saw a similar phenomenon near Lake Peekskill, NY while driving, but it was further away. The second one had two small airplanes chasing after it. This one, too disappeared (floated) behind trees and hills. There was an article in the local paper around that time explaining that many had seen it and they left a phone number for reports. I left a report on their machine, and did not hear back from anyone. My friends still laugh about it, although it intrigues them at the same rate.;41.4098;-73.59
