Sometime during an August sunday afternoon, I spotted an object at the intersection of Rt. 684 and I84 at  Brewster, NY. This occurred ;1975-08-20 16:30:00;5 sec.;Sometime during an August sunday afternoon, I spotted an object at the intersection of Rt. 684 and I84 at  Brewster, NY. This occurred in (I believe in 1975). I should add that the sky was perfectly clear. The object in question was in a stationary position above a stand of pine trees at the intersection of the two main traffic arteries. It appeared to be approximately 40-50 yards above the tops of the pines. As I noticed something in the air in close proximity , I thought to myself,  That's  just an airplane - Danbury Airport is just up the road. Turning towards my right (into the curve) I looked up again at the object with a deliberate intent of identifying the aircraft (I have always been fascinated by aircraft - and simply wanted to look at what I thought would be some variant of a Piper Cub). When I actually saw the craft, what I saw resembled a hovering 40-gallon oil drum -but I estimated it to be about the size of a contemporary Caldillac sedan. It had a series of three rings of blinking lights - the top revolving in one direction - the middle revolving in the opposite direction - the bottom going in the same direction as the top ring. I tried to maintain a back-to-the-road-back-to-the-thing visual contact - but at my last gaze - it simply vanished. You may think this is flight of fancy or mistaken identity, yet the next day, the sighting was FRONT PAGE news on the DANBURY NEWS TIMES newspaper. The article quoted a Danbury police officer who ran home after his shift an retrieved his video recoreder shortly after dusk  in an effort to videotape the movements of the object. This officer was an aquaintance of mine (since he had married a college acquaintance of mine) - his name is indelibly etched in my memory. I saw the video not long after the incident, and it simply showed a very shaky image of a spot of light. It seemed much as if you tried to take a video of Sirius with a rather shaky hand. Yet the fact remains that the sighting was confirmed by a credited news organization and a police officer. Anyone can scan the (well the way they did it then) microfisches of the NEWS-TIMES for 9/75 and find the reference, unless the material has been supressed. I had for years, kept a copy of the paper , but as time has gone by cannot find it at hand. I do know one thing is certain - that what I saw that day was NOT OF THIS EARTH ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.4098;-73.59
