I just want some official answers of what might this object be, and what it could not be.;2010-08-25 06:34:00;6-15 minutes;I just want some official answers of what might this object be, and what it could not be. I was walking to my friends house at 6:34 am because I forgot them while I was walking I had this sudden urge to turn around because I felt something was not right  Thats when i noticed a flat oval I would say approximate 6-7000 ft altitude level and probably 12-15 miles away so all I could make out of the hovering object was it had the same features as a mirror when light reflected on it.  It was hovering upward direction at a 7 oclock angle to a 2oclock angle it jumped 2000ft in altitude by the time i looked in a different direction and back to the same direction I thought their would be more UFO's thats why I changed directions and it was higher in altitude I snapped a picture using my iphone it was so far away it does not appear on camera I still have the picture on my phone but it just appears as clouds but what was actually suppose to be in the picture was a bright mirror like object hovering and pulsating white lights. so I started walking up to my friend! s around 6:42 am and by the time I walked back down his drive way into my drive way the object seemed to of vanished I looked higher in the sky nothing it was as if it was not even their.;35.1494;-85.3384000000001
ENORMOUS,Low Flying,SUPER BRIGHT Craft with 4 witnesses;2011-09-01 22:00:00;5 minutes;ENORMOUS, Low Flying,SUPER BRIGHT Craft with 4 witnesses After sitting outside for a while and enjoying the evening after it had rained earlier during the day. Myself, my wife, and my two children were excited to see a medium sized brightly lit sphere traveling directly overhead from Southeast Northwest for several seconds before disappearing behind a grove of trees.  As we were talking about the event I noticed a very, very bright object making it's way directly toward us. When I first spotted the object it was about a 1/2 mile away from where we were standing and seen through some trees.  The object was enormous in size and very, very bright and was at about a 30 degree angle until it passed overhead. It was moving directly from the West to the East and it passed slightly to our left overhead. It made NO sound and was about 8 to 10 thousand feet AGL and the size of a silver dollar and 10 times brighter than any star in the sky and Much, much lower than any commercial aircraft we have ever seen in this area.It was brighter on the outside edges than in the center of the craft, My wife said, It has got high-beams all around it   I live on a mountain that surrounds a large city in SE Tennessee and within a 100 mile radius there are several nuclear power stations and several large hydroelectric stations under Tennessee Valley Authority. The direction this craft was moving would make it's path follow Watts Bar Nuclear Power Plants,Sequoya 1 and 2 Nuclear Reactors and Power Plants,Over Raccoon Mountain Subterranean Hydroelectric Facility, Bellefonte Nuclear Power Plant and even on to Browns Ferry Nuclear Power Plant. Just a theory but these could be what draws these craft to this area as this is not the first time we have witnessed numerous craft. However, on this occasion, the size,brightness, and elevation were all astounding and out of the norm.  This craft was HUGE and LOW and moving without fear of being seen. I will be attempting to get a FOIA on the Radar Data as this thing HAD to be noticed by Someone's Radar. There were 4 of us who saw this craft clearly.On a personal note,I have credentials and a life long career where integrity is a must. This sighting was extraordinary!;35.1494;-85.3384000000001
