Fast moving super bright illuminated sphere that slowed and changed direction;2011-06-06 05:30:00;2 minutes;Fast moving super bright illuminated sphere that slowed and changed direction After having a restless night of sleep and tossing and turning in bed I decided to rise for the day. With my normal routine at waking, I went outside to smoke and as usual I directed my eyes on the small patch of sky that is visible from my front entrance. My home is surrounded by tall pine trees that only leave one decent sized, maybe 500 feet in diameter, that offers a clear view of the western sky.   After standing there for several minutes, enough to smoke 2 cigarettes and looking at the various stars, I noticed that a star-like object was moving slowly from North to Southeast.  The size was that of a smaller star that is normally seen in the night sky and it was unremarkable in its appearance,at first. Having covered half the distance of my circular viewing area of the sky the object began to dramatically slow and also began to slightly zig-zag and its path began to ever-so slightly curve to a more Southern direction.  During this time the object began to slowly become brilliantly illuminated for about 10-20 seconds. The illumination was as bright as a welder's arc with a perfect bright white glow. I'd like to point out have lived very near NASA's Kennedy Space Center and I have seen every modern rocket and the Space Shuttles launch and take flight in person several times and there is nothing during the launch stages that can compare to the stunning brilliance of the illumination of this craft. I know this was not a shooting star or meteor entering the atmosphere, first, because it slowed and also the peak of illumination faded to that of what it appeared like before it began to illuminate, That of a normal star's brightness,and once it decreased in intensity, it sped off out of view. At the time it became illuminated I began laughing so loud that my wife was awakened in wonder. Although she didn't see the event, she saw my confusion and excitement. I have never seen such illumination of anything, natural or man made, in our skies. I was in total amazement not only because of the brightness of this object but because it slowed, lit up so,so brilliantly as if it wanted me to see it and then accelerated off in a nonlinear direction that it previously had been traveling.;35.1494;-85.3384000000001
~9:30 PM on 04JL11, my pregnant girlfriend and I saw a UFO while watching fireworks in the valley.;2011-07-04 21:30:00;60 seconds;So around 9:30 PM on July 4 2011... my pregnant girlfriend and I saw a UFO while watching fireworks in the valley. For some reason I had looked behind me, and less than 100' and about 60' high was a Black mechanical jellyfish looking thing about the size of a VW Bug.  It was flat black, but appeared to have a very structured fluid like movement to it. When we made initial eye contact with this craft, it made a shuddering movement, almost like it was surprised we had seen it.  The craft continued its internal movements while it made its way over our heads and around again 100' away from us.  It was at this point the girl that was with me and I finally looked at each other, we were too stunned to do so at first. I then said,  Do you see that?  Girl said, Yes, not what I was expecting.  I said, Nope.  These are the exact words said. The mechanical jellyfish then kind of super glided away at high speed... but not towards the sky, just farther away and down into the valley.  The craft did not make a sound. I did not believe in UFO s until this event.  My girlfriend and I did not speak about this event at any point other than asking if we had actually seen this the next night, and once again around 2 years later after separated.  We do not know what to think...   The only thing we know is on that night... we saw something that affected me more than any other event in my life.  No name's for a reason.  If you ever have the fortune to see one don't worry about other people, you 've seen what you've seen;35.1494;-85.3384000000001
