Orange Yellow Glowing Ovals over 30 seperate sightings within one 1 hour;2010-11-03 19:15:00;45 minutes;Orange Yellow Glowing Ovals over 30 seperate sightings within one 1 hour I live in a town with 800 folks, I am a business owner.  My self, my mom, dad, and girlfriend all witnessed over 30 seperate sightings within a 1 hour period.  First I saw 3 orange light to the north when I got out of the hot tub at 7:15.  Took me by surprise, they were about 5-10 miles north.  My girlfriend also witnessed the  3 orange globes fade out and 2 more appear about 1 mile to the left.  I have seen numerous sightings up here, but nothing like what continued to happen.  I had time to go get my dad, and mom and we all stood out side.  At first i thought it was all over, but then over the Warner Mountain Range it started.  Sometimes 1, sometimes 4 in a horizontal row.  Often times it appear that one would pop out of another, always horizontally.  We saw no less than 30 fireballs appear up and down Surprise Valley on top of the Warner Mountain Range.  On of the sightings was with a car driving towards us down our drive way, with his head lights shining! , and we could still see the bright orange balls or orbs appearing.  My mom said it also looked light spotlights were coming off the bottem of them.  It was like a 4th of July show.  We will never forget it.  Bright Orange, Yellow, Faded in and Out, Sometimes a slow fade, sometimes fast.  Slow movement horizontally.  Often times one would appear, then several close beside, and at different altitudes.  Many times as one would fade another would appear 50 plus miles up valley.  My father had mentioned he and a guest watched 2 of the same orbs the last week, and thought they were flares maybe.  I questioned him last week that no one would be using flares in the Modoc Wilderness with out going to prison.  My dad does not think they are flares after last night. We are 5 miles from the Nevada border, and 15 miles from the Oregon border, in the top right corner of California.  As I answer the qustions below, my dad kept asking about an aircraft that was relatively high, but I thin! k it was commercial air traffic.  Thanks for listening.;41.4746;-120.1474
