Bright glowing,spherical, balls of light that dart around the sky with silence an super speed an gracefulness.;2013-10-23 19:45:00;20 minutes;Bright glowing, spherical, balls of light that dart around the sky with silence an super speed an gracefulness We have observed for the past three nights.  Times vary between 10 to 25 minutes  They are bright glowing orange, appear to be spherical in shape, appear out of nowhere an disappear without warning.  No sound, very calm outside.  They have sat in a straight line, they move in ways I have never seen an aircraft move before light will dull down an can range in color then will move all over the place then stop hold positions an glow bright again and will continue this type of behavior for some time.  When they go, it's almost a streak across the sky like a shooting star will do but u have to b paying very close attention or u will not see this.;41.4746;-120.1474
Small red light followed by orange orbs that appeared, multiplied, and disappeared.;2013-10-24 19:15:00;45-60 minutes;Small red light followed by orange orbs that appeared, multiplied, and disappeared. My spouse and I were staying at a small resort in Cedarville, CA on October 23 and 24th 2013.  The morning of the 24th, two of the staff members at separate times told me the past few nights some strange lights were seen in the sky and we should come out that evening to watch.  They told us the lights usually showed up around 7pm or later, after the sun was down, so we made sure that we were ready to watch by that time that evening. At 7pm, my spouse and I went out into the fields around the resort to where it was dark and we could see the sky and stars clearly.  It was a very clear night.  We waited a while watching the stars, and sure enough around 7:15 we noticed a red light appear suddenly, far out to the North.  The red light was almost a pinpoint, but still quite bright, and it hovered low over the valley.  We were very perplexed at how erratically it moved, unlike anything you would normally see moving in the sky.  This red light would hover stationary, move right and left, rise and fall, and abruptly change speed, direction, or come to a stop for a few moments before moving again.  It stayed well below the usual altitude of regular aircraft while we watched it, but eventually after about 5-10 minutes, it steadily rose until we lost sight of it. One of the staff members who had told me about the lights earlier that day met up with us in the field right as the red light was gone.   He had said it usually started with the red light and soon after orange orbs would appear in the sky.  So we waited with him a few more minutes and sure enough, off to the Northeast over Nevada (we were very close to the border), these brilliant glowing orange lights began appearing out of nowhere, fairly low in the sky, just over the mountains.  At first they looked like some kind of flare, but there was something different about their behavior.   They left no trails, made no noise, did not ascend or descend, and there were no other aircraft or vehicles in their area. These glowing orbs would randomly appear, mostly one at a time, but sometimes a few at a time, and would just hang there stationary for anywhere from a few seconds to 10 or 20 seconds.  They would also divide and multiply horizontally into twos and threes, each one shooting out of the one before, stopping at equal distance from each other and hanging there some more before suddenly disappearing.  These orbs would appear and multiply randomly, in the same general area, but at different spots each time.  There were also breaks between each sighting that lasted for several minutes each.  We saw about 25 lights total before they stopped appearing.  By 8pm they had pretty much disappeared altogether. The man who had been watching these lights the nights before said he saw up to 50-80 in one night, and the past few nights he had also heard a very low-frequency roar coming over the mountains from NV when the orbs appeared.  He said it would start low, crescendo over a few minutes then stop abruptly.  He heard it a few times, but we didn’t hear anything that night. There is absolutely nothing in the area in which we saw these lights, aside from Cedarville and empty desert and mountains on the NV/CA border.  No towns, no airports, no bases, no people, period.  What we saw was very unusual, the kind of event that makes your hair stand on end because of how wrong it was.  Either we saw some kind of extraterrestrial/supernatural occurrence, or our military has some very advanced technology they were testing because it was literally beyond comprehension!;41.4746;-120.1474
