fast moving orange lights in triangle fomation flying with one point facing backward, two points forward;2013-02-11 22:20:00;20-30 seconds;fast moving orange lights in triangle fomation flying with one point facing backward, two points forward I stepped outside onto my back deck for my last smoke of the night.  I immediately became aware of 3 orange lights moving fast from northwest to east as they appeared from behind the roof of my house. I say  i saw 1 to 3 craft in the form above, but i believe it was one craft shaped like a triangle, with 3 orange lights, one light on each tip.  It could have been three craft in triangle formation, i just do not know. They were orange, moving  much faster than an airplane, about as wide apart as my first three fingers held at arm's distance.  We live in the flight path for newark airport and see all kinds of planes fly over with and without landing lights on, sometimes we see the landing lights go off or come on.  we are close enough to the airport to see the planes drop or raise their landing gear.  When they pass over, they are 4 minutes from landing at newark.  This was not an airplane.  It made no sound, was lower than 1,000 feet, and moved faster than any airplane i ever saw. The lights were orange and in a triangle formation. The odd thing was, one point of the triangle was pointing away from the direction of flight (you would think one point only would lead---like a formation of geese, but no), the two other lights were abreast of each other and leading , like a triangle flying backwards. The lights were not firey, they were like a lit up bulb. No flickering, no drifting like balloons or lanterns.  These lights moved together as if attached,  and maintained their direction and speed.  It was around 10:20 pm, on february 11th, 2013.  it was too late for them to be satellites, they remained bright till they got too far away into the eastern horizon and tree line. They faded from view due to distance.  I could not tell if there was a structure attached to the lights. The weather was cold (30 degrees) and very breezy.  the sky had intermitant clouds and became very  cloudy after the event.  These lights appeared in a swath of clear, dark blue sky.  The stars were clearly visible during the pass. I have seen satellites, these were not satellites.  The wind was blowing from northeast to west, the lights moved from northwest to due east.  They took approximately 20 to 30 seconds to cross my view and be gone, if that long.  My wife looks all the time to see if there is anything strange in the sky.  I thought she was crazy until tonight.  I do not believe they were chinese lanterns, or anything commonly mistaken for a true ufo. We waited and watched for another half an hour, but did not see the lights again.  Other planes flew over and by, but they were regular craft, and not in pursuit. Nuforc has my permission to contact me, but it is not neccessary as far as i am concerned.;40.544;-74.3521
