Triangle Craft Sighting;2007-09-27 21:00:00;few minutes;Triangle Craft Sighting A clear September evening with full visibility of the sky and stars.  Atwater is a small country town with no distracting lights or city noises.   Five family members went for an evening bike ride (motorized)   We were heading east on Waterloo Rd. when my wife urgently got my attention as she pointed to the sky.  What I witnessed along with four others was this.  Almost directly above me was a massive triangular craft, guessing around the size of a football field,moving extremely slow.  It had a light source at each point.  Behind it approached an identical craft,just as slow.  They had blocked out the clear view of the sky and stars.  At that point I passed under them and continued forward around 5 mph. trying to keep my visual.  The split second I looked forward and then back, both crafts were gone.  My step mother was 40 yrds. behind me and her visual was that they accelerated @ light speed.  Honestly, what the hell did I see and @ that size?  If our military has any involement,they are flying a mother ship of there own. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.0335;-81.1985
TRIANGLE UFO'S ARE REALLY IN THE SKY;2008-09-17 20:30:00;5 minutes;TRIANGLE UFO'S ARE REALLY IN THE SKY Heading East on old 224 (waterloo rd).  My family all own motorcycles and decided to to take an evening cruise.  My wife to the left of me pointed up to the sky.Amazed at what I was seeing I slowed my bike down to almost a crawl.  My father and step-mom were behind my wife and I, and my father in-law behind them.  What i saw was a black triangular object blocking out the stars and sky. It was moving incredibly slow.there were white lights at each corner,then in marvel another soon floated behind the first just as slow.(same lights) no flashing,just solid.  I actually passed under them going 5 miles per hour.I would guess 5,000 ft. up and the size bigger than a football field.  I'm reporting this now because I didn't that night.  I felt this needed to be said,  It has weighed on me for a little over a year.  to top it off my step-mom behind us seen them vanish with speeds of the blink of an eye.;41.0335;-81.1985
