Strange beam emmiting craft perform strange manuvers over California desert.;1999-08-20 01:00:00;5 minutes;Strange beam emmiting craft perform strange manuvers over California desert. Some friends and I were driving on I-15 from LA to Vegas at a very late hour.  Even though it was fairly late (around 1AM) there are always a good number of cars on the road at that time.  I was driving when my friend, who was sitting in the passenger seat, pointed to a beam of light that was pointing straight down at the highway in front of us. At first I thought it was a helicopter shining a spotlight down, but later I would realize that I was wrong.  The light, which was coming from what seemed to be 100-200ft from above the highway, started drifting off to the right.  In 1-2 minutes, the highway turned and we realized that the light was flying directly over the highway.  Just then, the beam turned off and from where it was shining from, a blue light appeared and sped away at an incredible speed over the horizon. About two seconds after the light sped off, another large bright blue light shot down from what seemed to be outer space to the area that the origional light went to. As we continued along the highway, about five miles down the road we noticed that off to our right, several miles away (in the general viscinity of where the lights earlier flew to), several blue and red balls of light were flying around each other at odd velocities and manuvering like no aircraft we had ever seen.  At this point we figured we would get the best view if we got out of the car to look.  The four of us stood and observed the manuvering craft for a few minutes before all but one blue one flew away over the horizon.  The remaining craft, we realized, was flying towards us!  All four of us began to get nervous about this strange event but we couldn't turn away.  Slowly, the craft flew directly over us, silently, at an unknown altitude.  This gave us the opportunity to see, by the orientation of 9 blue lights on it's leading edge that were flickering like strobe lights, that it was v shaped.  It continued on at this speed until we couldn't see it anymore. We were glad a beam didn't shine on us when it passed directly over us! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date may be approximate.  PD));34.8924;-117.0451
