There were round red and blue lights on the object., hovering beside us as I was still driving, no sound.;2003-06-13 22:00:00;10 minutes;There were round red and blue lights on the object., hovering beside us as I was still driving, no sound. Me and a girlfriend were headed to Las Vegas for her birthday. When we came to highway 15 where highway 58 meets, there was a big rig truck that had tried to turn in the middle of the road and got stuck there for quite a while, covering both sides of the freeway.  However, people took a chance and drove in a ditch partially under the back of the truck to get by.   As we went around the truck, not long afterwards we saw flashing red and blue round lights coming toward us.  We thought we were looking at a police car at first, and I think I slowed down, or it felt like we were still driving on the opposite side of the road in slow motion when we saw it come closer right next to the driver's window, as if it were looking in the car at us.   I said, do you see what I see and she said yes.  It was hovering beside us, and we looked desparately for wheels and there were none.  I was trying to get away from it by speeding up, but I was still in slow motion because it stayed next to my window for a few moments. There were no other cars on the road at that point.  I don't know if the cars on that side of the truck saw anything or not, it didn't bother us.  It just took off and I rolled my window down and we didn't hear any noise from it.  It was about the size of a Delorean car.   We were scared and told our families when we got to Las Vegas.  I wondered if that truck was trying to help cover up the spaceship by holding the cars there for so long until they got enough nerve to drive in the ditch partially under the truck.   Also, is there any reports by the police that day that the truck was blocking the road?  Also, I couldn't get the time in the box but it was night time around 10:00p.m.=2200 hours. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));34.8924;-117.0451
There were  red and blue lights  round lights coming toward us.  It was the size of a small car hovering.;2003-06-13 22:00:00;10 minutes;There were  red and blue lights  round lights coming toward us.  It was the size of a small car hovering. Me and a girlfriend went to Las Vegas for her birthday by car.  As we approached the connecting freeway highway 15 from highway 58 there was a truck blocking the road because he tried to turn around and got stuck.   After several attempts of people trying to help him, cars found a way to get around.  There was a ditch behind the truck, and cars tried to drive partially under the truck into the ditch.  We made it, and not far up the road there were red and blue lights coming toward us.  I assumed it was a police car.   When it reached us it stopped or drove backwards because I was still driving.   It all seemed like in slow motion.  There were no wheels underneath, and we were looking desparately for tires.  It hovered right next to my car and the drivers side as if it was looking in at us.   I said, do you see what I see and she said yes.  I proceeded to try and get away and it stayed with us a short time and then took off like a light, there was no sound as I rolled down my window.  Now you see it, now you don't.   We called our family to tell them when we arrived in Las Vegas in our hotel about the incident.;34.8924;-117.0451
