2 Orange Ovals fly at great speeds and making hairpin turns while surveying energy field in thunderstorm near Ottawa Ontario.;2004-04-21 03:00:00;about 45 secs.;2 Orange Ovals fly at great speeds and making hairpin turns while surveying energy field in thunderstorm near Ottawa Ontario. April 21st, 2004. It was around 2:45 - 3:00 AM when the event took place.  I had recently come home from a friend's house around 2:30 AM, after playing guitar and drinking coffee. Everyone at my house was in bed sleeping and I was all by myself. I realized that there was a storm brewing up in the sky, and being an avid storm watcher, I decided to stay up even later in hopes of seeing a few good bolts of lightning. I sat on my front porch watching for about 10 minutes and there wasn't much lightning except for one miniscule bolt. The sky looked as though it was full of energy. Greenish grey clouds were to my left and pinkish grey clouds to my right the sky was completely overcast with no stars.  I sat there longer hoping the best was yet to come for the thunderstorm. Wihtin another minute or two, out of nowhere, a tremendous bolt of lightning shot down from the sky, one of the biggest I think I've ever seen, lighting up everything around me for a split second. Deafening thunder crashed across the sky almost immediately after the lightning struck down probably only a couple of KMs south of my porch, and south of the town. I sat on the porch very excitedly and didn't take my eyes off the sky.  Within a minute or two of the lightning, something else caught my attention in the sky. In my periphereal vison I spotted what first appeared to be a couple of shooting stars, falling into my view from behind the roof of the porch. As I looked on, I was able to focus on the falling objects as they suddenly started to slow down to a near halt. I quickly realized that I wasn't quite looking at shooting stars anymore, I was looking at two orange, horizontal ovals, both with noticeable dark oval rings that contained more orange within. The orange was dull and dark looking, as the objects appeared to be flying through the cloud cover. After the objects slowed down from falling straight down into view, they began to change direction at impressive speeds and impossible angles. At this point though, I couldn't quite tell if I was looking at two separate objects or just one. Both ovals flew perfectly side by side and in sync and the long sides of the ovals always stayed horizontal, even when making hairpin turns. After a couple of impressive turns, the ovals both made a sudden turn at a crazy angle and started to head Eastward to where the lightning had bolted down. As the ovals raced accross the sky, they drifted apart from one another and I  knew then for sure that I was watching 2 separate craft. After splitting up, one changed direction mid way and started to travel upward, while the other continued on an angle accross the sky and upward. As the one went straight up, the other climbed to a higher altitude on an angle and quickly made a sharp inverted angle turn back towards his companion (West). Just like they had it timed to the milisecond, the two objects intecepted one another and the object flying upward made a 90 degree turn on a dime and at the exact moment it intercepted its friend. Both objects then continued back in tandem, West accross the sky at very quick speeds and made one last turn-on-a-dime, zig-zag pattern turn before they decided it was time to bolt back North over the top of my house. The objects flew away at an fast speed and in a straight line. Before they disappeared the objects made a very loud, very shrill, hawk-like squeal, immediately after which, they picked up immense speed.  Other than this squeal noise, the objects made no other noises whatsoever. The objects maintained the same colour and shape and didn't have any blinking lights. They flew like nothing I've ever seen before. The objects appeared very shortly after the lightning had struck and seemed to fly around the perimiter of appriximately where it had struck. Not to mention the energy emitted from a bolt of lightning as big as I saw would surely be able to attract something's attention from miles away. The event lasted approximately 30 - 45 seconds. All details and drawings are as I documented directly after event took place, as I couldn't sleep too well after that. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see the illustration provided by the witness on our homepage.  PD));44.9692;-75.6726
