four lights in a row, same thing see a few days previously;1999-12-11 21:00:00;7 seconds;four lights in a row, same thing see a few days previously My sister and i were driving home from Pueblo and I kept noticing this reddish orange light in the same part of the sky.  At first I ignored it, but then, somewhere between las animas and lamar, four reddish lights suddenly appeared in a row and a disk faintly glowed around them.  It lasted only about 5 seconds then it just dissappeared.  later that night, my dad told me he and one of his workers saw the same thing 13 miles south of Holly, Co.;38.0833;-102.6236
First let me say I am a police officer in the Metro-Denver area and have been for 26 yrs. My wife and I were at John Martin State Park.;2004-04-02 20:00:00;5-10 sec;First let me say I am a police officer in the Metro-Denver area and have been for 26 yrs. My wife and I were at John Martin State Park. There had been a drowning the previous week and portions of the lake were closed off since the Park Rangers had not recovered the body of a 17yr that had drowned. There was alot of government activity at this time from state,federal, and county personnel. The navy had flown in a special sonar to try help locate the body of the victim. The incident that was witnessed by my wife and I took place on a camp ground called Point Overlook. We were in our RV and were the only ones at the campgound excluding a Park Ranger in a vehicle approximately 2miles away. We were approximately 300 hundred feet from the lake and approximately 30 feet above the water on a bluff overlooking the lake, hence the name of the campground. My wife had just retired to the bed and I was in the process of securing the RV as we planned to get up early and go fishing. This a lake with approximately 3500 acres of surface water and a fairly large concrete dam. This lake is approximately 8 miles long and 1 mile wide. We were camped approximatley 4miles from the dam. I first saw a bright light comming from the dam heading west. I initially thought it might be a helo looking for the drowning victim as early in the day the authorities had used an airplane and dive teams. This light came closer it became apparent that it was not a single light but six lights strung together. The first was white with the succeeding lights red blue red blue and amaber at the end. It appeared that the lights were connected by some sort of stucture. I estimate the length of these lights to be 600 feet in length. I yelled at my wife to get up. She did in time to see the lights stop directly perpendicular to our RV. The lights were directly over the lake, altitude approximatley 500ft distance to object was 500ft. The lights stopped and rotated. I was in the process of getting the camera and bicnoculars and wife was w! atching the lights. I did not seet the lights stop and rotate she did. She states that when the craft rotated she could clearly see that it was a craft disk in shape with a dome stucture on top. She also stated that what we thought were lights were windows with lumanting lights from inside the craft. By the time I turned around the craft winked out. That is the best description I can give for its rapid disappearance. The whole thing lasted no more than 5-10 seconds for me.  I had an opportunity to talk to the Park Ranger that was 2 miles away the next morning and she asked me if I saw anything unusal. I told her and asked her if she saw anything. She said that in the past week they all have seen stange lights in and aroung the lake. She also said that they talk amoung themselves but that supervision frowned on making any offical report. Feel free to contact me at;38.0833;-102.6236
