Flash of light made me look up to see a dark craft with three lights hovering above me.;2005-05-02 00:00:00;15 seconds;Flash of light made me look up to see a dark craft with three lights hovering above me. I was on a Boy Scout trip when I saw the UFO. We made camp at Camp Crooked Creek, located near Ft. Knox. When the rest of the troop went to bed, I stayed up and made a fire, along with a fellow Scout. At around midnight when the fire had died down to embers is when we saw the UFO. I remember everything around me flashed in a blue light, exactly the same flash a camera would make (the same amount of time too). Both of us exclaimed whoa, because it was not only shocking but appeared to come from above us. We both instinctively looked up. About 250-300 yards above me, I made out three dim lights ( in a triangular position). I could barely make out the dark outline of an aircraft, it appeared to be in the shape of a triangle as well. If it didn't have lights on the bottom, i don't think I would have been able to see it. It was not moving, it just hovered above us. About 5 seconds went by, and then it shot across the sky towards the horizon. It looked just like a shooting star, with the trailing light following behind it. I remember expecting to hear a huge roar of an engine, but it made no sound at all. My immediate reaction was that it had to have been a fighter jet, because we were so close to Ft. Knox. But, I quickly ruled that out, because, what explains the flash?  The flash was targeted right at us. The whole place didn't flash, just the small area around myself and my friend. Also, what plane can hover like that? A Harrier Jet can hover, but this object was only 250-300 yards directly above us and made no noise. Also, there is no plane that can move that fast. It had gone past the horizon in a fraction of a second without making any noise. That's what convinced me that this was no plane, missile, or anything man made. We woke a few of the older Scouts and told them what happened, but no one took us seriously, as has been the case whenever I bring up the story. I know what I saw, and the fact that someone else was with me, and was able to recount exactly the same thing I saw, makes me truly believe that we encountered a UFO. Why didn't I go to the media if I was so sure? Because I knew there was no way of proving it, and this culture seems to dismiss anyone who believes in UFO's. But, I needed to get this off my chest. If you need any more details or have questions please fill free to contact me. Thank you.;37.8919;-85.9628
Black Triangle sighted over my house in Fort Knox during Fourth of July!!!;2007-07-04 23:34:00;30 seconds to about one m;Black Triangle sighted over my house in Fort Knox during Fourth of July!!! It is the Fourth of July and my parents and I are in the back yard talking together. I was looking at the fireworks in the distances when suddenly I noticed some sort of aircrafy coming from the right of me. I don't know the cardinal direction. I believe I saw what is called a Black Triangle. The craft was moving slowly, low to the grounds at least by 2-3 miles and with no noise coming from it at all. I describe it as having white lights at the corners of it and alternating red flashing lights. It was SO CREEPY, I'm telling you. It disappeared behind the rooftop of my house. I back up to continue looking at it behind the rooftop, then decide to go in the front of the house. I was too late as it disappeared, most-likely behind the neighbors house in front of me. It flew in a straight path sorta leaning in my direction as it flew. There isn't any aircraft I know that could fly that low and not make any noise. It had to be a UFO.;37.8919;-85.9628
