Luminescent triangular craft- made of light- no sound- shimmered and disappeared.  ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));2006-12-16 07:04:00;10 seconds;Luminescent triangular craft- made of light- no sound- shimmered and disappeared Shortly after waking up I went out on my front porch to have a cigarette. It was still mainly dark but dawn was just beginning and you could still see the stars and moon. The sky was almost completely clear with only the odd low wispy cloud. After maybe 30-45 seconds the object caught my attention as I was looking in an E.S.E. direction. It appeared to be quite large although it's hard to say how high and how far away it was- I will guesstimate it at 4 to 10 miles away and at an altitude from 6 to 12 thousand feet. The object was a general triangle shape however the front seemed to stick out slightly in a semi-circle protuberance. The closest thing I can compare it to is a badminton birdie that has been flattened and then had its back flared end cut straight across to form 3 straight sides but with the rounded rubber end sticking out at the front somewhat. The object was travelling downward at about a 55 degree angle very smoothly at a fairly slow speed- it almost seemed to float or slide through the sky. The object made no noise and seemed to be made of white light or was luminescent. It's colour was very close to the bright moon's although it seemed to be less substantial- as if there was no actual physical{steel,aluminum...} structure to it. - The light reflects off of the moon so you can see it but this thing seemed to consist of light itself. It retained its clear shape for about seven seconds with no contrail and then over about the last 3 seconds it sort of slowly, uniformly shimmered and faded out of the absolutely clear sky- it just disapearred out of thin air and I was left there literally with my jaw hanging open. I was in awe of it and was excited,stunned,bewildered,delighted and in disbelief all at the same time. After about 30 seconds had gone by and I was pretty sure it wasn't going to reappear I ran inside to check the exact time and try to process what I had just witnessed. I can say that I am 100% convinced that it was some kind of craft utilizing technology far beyon! d what t he world's public is aware of. E.T. or us????? ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch from Wallops Island, VA.  PD));44.3833;-78.3906
