Star like, Red/Green/White, moving in sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly satellites??  PD));2007-11-12 20:30:00;30+ Minutes;Star like, Red/Green/White, moving in sky O.K., I’m skeptical of doing this but curiosity is getting the better of me.  I have tried writing this a couple of times but it seems to start jumping so I figured this format may be best. HOW:  I am a smoker and go outside several times a night to have a cigarette and watch the sky.  I have been doing this for years and have never seen anything like this.   My wife was the first to notice this but did not want to say anything to me for fear I would think she is crazy.   Since the first sighting I have seen this on numerous occasions for the past few months.  I have seen as many as three at one time in the sky but never very close to one another.  They do not appear in the same location in the sky every time.  And at times they are in different locations in the same night.  They do tend to disappear at some point in the night but not always. DESCRIPTION: Star like objects which change colors, Red/Green/White.  There move in ways conventional aircraft are unable to. Now I’m not sure if you’re interested in this or not.  I have had several individuals witness this with me.  On the first occasion 5 people watched the object for over an hour.  I have tried to rationalize weather balloons, satellites and helicopters but none of these seem to fit.  So here I am.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly satellites??  PD));30.3943;-89.287
I saw at least 14 large, steady red lights in a straight, staggered flight path formation on 5/12/12 in Pass Christian, MS,;2012-05-12 21:36:00;4 minutes;I saw at least 14 large, steady red lights in a straight, staggered flight path formation on 5/12/12 in Pass Christian, MS, This sighting happened on Saturday, May 12, 2012, at approximately 9:36 p.m. Central Standard Time, in Pass Christian, MS.  I saw 4 red lights in formation coming from SW @ ~230 degrees on compass.   My GSP is North 30.31 degrees, West 089.27 degrees.  No official record was available (I had tried to reach FAA to get velocity of wind direction, etc., but could not get, as they did not answer), but it was a calm night. At first I thought they were helicopters until I noticed a steady red light.  To the naked eye, the diameter of the light appeared to be 10 times the size of the brightest star in the sky.  There was absolutely no sound. The first two pair were coming side by side (two in the front, two in the rear), about 100 yards apart.  The second pair was on the same flight path.  Following them were at least 10 more in a straight, staggered formation, on the same flight path, coming over the horizon of trees.  They were spaced apart ~100 yards.  Estimated speed was 50 knots.   Still there was no sound. The first two pair ascended slowly into the sky vertically.   As they gained altitude the light grew dimmer, and then they up & disappeared, there was cloud formation that evening, and that could have contributed to their disappearance. It was 9:40 p.m. CT -- I ran into the house to get my car keys so that I could drive and get a better look--it took about 20 seconds.  The latter group was still there.  I drove to the beach to get a better view.  3 minutes later I arrived at the beach and there was nothing they were gone. I served 4 years in the United States Air Force, licensed FAA mechanic.;30.3943;-89.287
