Stationary orange lights appear then fade away after a few seconds off MS Gulf Coast.;2009-09-15 21:00:00;Approx. 1 hour;Stationary orange lights appear then fade away after a few seconds off MS Gulf Coast. My husband and I were returning home after dining out in Bay St. Louis, MS, on the evening of Tuesday, September 15, 2009. It was around 9:00 PM and as we headed east onto the Bay St. Louis Bridge, a bright orange light abruptly appeared in the sky to the southeast. As I tilted my head to look out the passenger-side window to get a better look at the light, it just slowly faded away. There was no movement. The object was stationary from the time it lit up until the light completely faded out after only a few seconds. I turned to my husband and he asked me if I had seen it. Since we had both seen this object, he started looking for a place to pull over on the beach. Before he could find a place to stop, I saw another orange light that did exactly the same thing as the first – light up and slowly fade with no movement. This object, however, was more to the southwest. We pulled over at a point where there were a couple of benches on the sea wall and decided to sit and watch the sky over the Gulf of Mexico for any more lights. Before we had time to get settled, another one appeared to the southeast. A short time later, there was another to the southwest. Then, three lights appeared almost simultaneously--one, two, and three. They faded out in the same order. We saw one or two more lights, and my husband remembered that we had our night vision monocular in the truck. He saw the last orange light with the night vision and saw that when the light went off, there was still something there that we could not see without the night vision. For about 15 minutes, we watched a number of small spheres travel back and forth in the areas where we had seen the orange lights. One of the spheres appeared to pulsate, but the others were just faint solid objects. We saw no more orange lights during this time. As we watched the spheres, they suddenly disappeared. There was no moon that night, but it was clear with lots of stars. The objects were very close to shore – between the shrimp boats on the horizon and the beach.  They were also not very high above the water. The entire event occurred over a period of 45 minutes to an hour. We plan to go back with our high-powered binoculars on my husband’s next nights off and see if we can find anything else.;30.3943;-89.287
