What fell from the sky Jan. 26th, 2008?;2008-01-26 18:00:00;10 min.;What fell from the sky Jan. 26th, 2008? I've tried searching the net to find out what my girlfriend saw last night. As she was driving in Yorba Linda, CA @ approximately 6pm 1-26-08, she saw a bright ball of fire coming down SW of Yorba Linda. It looked like something entering out atmosphere, very hot. It had a tail of flame trailing it. As she was watching it, another object appeared directly behind it, looking identical to the first. While watching them, she said they both suddenly disappeared, then within seconds reappeared, disappeared again, and then reappeared. She also noticed a plane flying nearby the falling objects, possibly observing them. Once the objects were out of site, or had possibly crashed, the plane started circling above where she believes the objects crashed. If you have any insight to these UFO's (Unidentified falling objects), we would love to know more. Thank you. ((names deleted);33.893163095238;-117.748259920635
Fireball falling to earth, stops mid fall, hovers and then engages in horizontal movement, disappearing and then reappearing.;2008-01-26 18:00:00;5-10 minutes;Fireball falling to earth, stops mid fall, hovers and then engages in horizontal movement, disappearing and then reappearing. My husband and I were driving west bound on Alta Vista Rd. in Yorba Linda at about 6:00pm PST. In the sky ahead was a bright, glowing light falling toward earth with a bright tail of light/fire. First we thought that it was a falling star, but both of us realized quickly it was far too large and too close to the earth for that.  We said to each other, its going to crash into the earth. Then it stopped falling and hovered.  The tail of light extinguished and the main ball of light remained very bright. It faded in and out and then traveled horizontally very quickly. It would dissappear and then suddenly reapper a few miles to the side.  And then dissappear and reappear back in the original place.  Another glowing light seemed to be circling around it in a wide pattern.  Both very bright lights, brighter than airplane headlights. Farther away from these two was another light.  It was blue and very small. It seemed to be circling these in a very wide pattern and we thought it to be airplane watching the phenomenon. But, soon afterward thought it too was related to the UFO.  We didn't pull over and kept driving toward them, but, they got lower to the horizon and we lost sight of them behind trees as the road we were on dipped. When we got back to an unobstructed spot, the lights were gone. The event lasted about 5-10 minutes. Despite the highly visible, quite spectacular display in the night sky, not one report of it could be found on news stations or in the OC Register. We ourselves called into FOX and left a voice mail about the sighting.  No one ever called us back.  In discussing it's location, we estimate that it was approximately 50 miles away whichi would make it over LA County even though we were seeing it from Orange County. There was! a storm coming in that night and the glowing orbs seemed to be near the edge of the cloud bank that could be seen far off toward western horizon toward downtown L.A. We originally logged this on another UFO reporting website, HBCC Run by Brian Vike, on 1/26/08.  We saw that many others also logged this same sighting on that website as well.  Background on us:  I am a licensed psychologist and have my own practice and my husband is a vice president in a computer voice over IP company.  We are both in our mid forties.  Our 5 year old son was in the back seat of our truck with us at the time.  I don't know if this sighting changed anyone else's lives that witnessed it, but it sure changed mine for the better.;33.893163095238;-117.748259920635
