Large craft with 5 bright white lights on the front edge with trailing structure appeared flat.;2004-01-31 19:30:00;1 minute;Large craft with 5 bright white lights on the front edge with trailing structure appeared flat. Okay at first I thought it was just an odd plane. But I just read a report from Feb. about a guy on the 101 and 134 that seems similar to what I saw.  Driving west on the 91 freeway at approx. the lakwood exit (before merging onto the 91, 57 merge) I was looking west (straight ahead) and the ridge line is to my left. I saw the usual aircraft lights above as well as to the right of me. Then out of nowhere I see 5 really bright white lights that appeared to maybe be in a swept back type formation allthough from the front, it was hard to tell. I was amazed because they were so bright and I have never seen 5 white lights on the front of an aircraft. The night sky was not cloudy as far as I could tell and most commercial aircraft that I have seen have one close to the fuselage on each side of the wing mount. The aircraft was rather low, based on the referrence of the ridge line to my left. It appeared to be moving slow as well. The aircraft made a slight bank to its right as I approached the merge to the 91,57 I looked to my extreme left now and could tell that the front was swept back, since it was night I could not make out the exact shape but could tell that there was a structure that was aft of the wings and there was a small beacon light underneath the structure to the rear. I could not see any marker lights on top where a verticle stab. would normally be on a commercial aircraft. I can only approximate its height at around maybe 2 or 3 thousand feet up (maybe less). I could not hear any noticeable engine noise (although I was on the freeway so it would have been hard to tell). And I am not aware of any flight pattern crossing over Santiago Canyon as a turn-around for John Wayne. If El Torro Marine Base was still active I might assume it could be a C17 although I dont know if they ever flew into there or not.  The most striking thing overall is that it appeared suddenly, had 5 bright white lights on the front, appeared to fly very slow and was relativly low in altitude. And was not in an area where I typically have seen large aircraft be.;33.893163095238;-117.748259920635
