my daughters and son were waiting on church bus. My daughter suddenly points to object cylinderical,very long shiny.  For a moment  it;2007-08-29 18:05:00;20 sec.;my daughters and son were waiting on church bus. My daughter suddenly points to object cylinderical,very long shiny.  For a moment  it crossed in front of us going from southeast going northwest .Got a good look couldnt recognize for a moment it looked almost like a cruise missle , moved very quickly.flew into cloud bank  for a few seconds no more and was suddenly extremely far away and gone just like that.What makes this more intersting was that last night approx. same time kids were in pool 4 of them including 14 yr. old.I was watering floweres heard kids talking about a long silver object flying across the sky , she thought it was a blimp. I walked around looked into the sky was gone .of course a blimp cant move that fast seen them for many yrs. living around interstate 70. Dont know yet what ive seen will observe around the same time and see if it happens again.;39.4581;-88.8057
I seen a silver looking cigar shaped craft flying with no contrail intersect under a jet flying with a contrail.;2016-05-05 00:00:00;15 seconds;I seen a silver looking cigar shaped craft flying with no contrail intersect under a jet flying with a contrail. I noticed what I thought to be a jet aircraft that was flying without a contrail.  Then I realized that the object did not have wings.  That made me look closer and wonder if I was seeing it clearly. Then I noticed a jet coming from the right flying with a contrail. I could see the wings on this jet. It appeared to be flying at cruising altitude.  The UFO and the jet were in full view when the UFO intersected and flew directly below the jet, still with no wings and no contrail. After the intersection between the jet and the UFO, both became hidden by a cloud.  The jet reappeared to the left of the cloud and the UFO never reappeared on the other side of the cloud. In order for this UFO to exactly intersect the jet at those speeds either has to be a huge coincidence or a controlled maneuver by the UFO.  I would estimate that the UFO was approximately the same size as the jet.  Also, it appeared to be extremely close to the jet.;39.4581;-88.8057
