Bright light follows me.;2001-01-08 18:30:00;18:30 to 22:00;((NUFORC Note:  An observation of this duration, in the absence of other reports from the same area, make us wonder whether the witnesses were observing a heavenly body, perhaps Venus in the western sky, or Betelgeuse in the southeastern sky.  We will try to get more information.  PD)) Bright light follows me. On January 8, 2001 at 6:30. I was heading into town to go weightlifting. I observed what appeared to be very bright star. I traveled along with me as I headed toward Antelope valley. I had seen this thing the previous night. I talked to my friend who said he saw it last night. So I drove to his house in Antelope Valley. It followed me all the way there . When I stopped at my friends house. It stopped too. I ran to my friends door. To show him. He went outside and observed the bright light. We were pretty freaked out. After that I began to drive aroud in Antelope Valley. Every direction I went the light followed. At first I believed it was a planet. And my eyes were playing tricks on me. I stopped at the Antelope Valley Kwik Shop. It followed. From there I went to the Antelope Valley Park. The light followed. It began to dim then get real bright. I ran to the top of a hill located in the park were I observed the light for 5 minutes. Were it remained motionless. As I headed back down to my car the light started to come closer. I started running towards my car. I was scared. I drove to the Antelope Valley Kwik Shop to use a payphone . As I pulled up My friend _____ pulled up I hopped in his car and pointed toward the light following me. I questioned my sanity here. Was I just seeing it. No. I showed my friend _____the light. I told him it was following me. He did not believe me tell we proceded into Gillette to a friends house. It followed at high speeds.  We stopped at Eagles Nest Apartments at a friends house. ____ and I ran inside to show our fiends the light. It was hovering motionless about 3 miles above Flying J a gas station. We left the apartment to go visit friends that live about two miles out of town on echeta road. The light followed. On the way out we saw a fire department blazer parked on the side of the road observing the light. We proceded on echeta to a friends house. It still followed. Now we were really freaking out. We pulled up to our friends house. It followed tell we stopped our car. It then stopped and remained about 20 miles away from us just hovering in the sky. We ran into our friends hot tub room. I told them what we saw. They didn't believe me. So we took them outside. My two friends both saw it. We observed the light with binoculars. It was the strangest thing It was  and had bright white lights aroud the border of the craft. All of us observed the lights. I decided we should all drive in my friends car to see if the thing would follow us again. My other friends were skeptical. We left and proceded farther down echeta road. It followed once again. We drove about 10 miles down the road. It kept right up with us. We stopped the car. It stopped. My friend that was driving got scared and turned around. It followed. As we headed toward the direction of our friends house with the hot tub room. We observed another light that looked exactly like the one we had jus seen. That was behind us still following us. In a sec the new light appeared to have dissappeared. About  a minute later all four of us observed a red light with blinking strobes lighting up aroud the red light in a circular motion. We stopped the car and went outside of the vehicle It flew right over our heads. The other light we had been chasing was still behind us following we went back tho the house with the hot tub. As we pulled up two other friends were leaving the house we were going to. We told them a u.f.o was following us. They didn't believ us. We told them too follow us to the house. Went went up the driveway to the house. We showed them the light with binoculars.  i observed the light once again with binoculars It appeared to be changing shapes and colors. It had a current of electricity running   between two lights. The current had a rainbow aura. Two other friend showed up. They saw it too. IT was getting kind of boring observing it for so long . It was just hovering there. We went to the shop and started talking I kept leaving to check if it was still there. It was. I checked every 10 to 15 minutes. It pretty much stayed the same until . I went for another check It was now a reddish hue and really close to the ground. I above the craft about 2 miles was two blinking strobe looking lights . They were alot smaller in comparison to the red light. I looked  at these lights with binoculars. It was a giant triangular shape. It was huge compared to the other light. I showed everyone there. After about ten minutes I went to call kaml radio station. I went to check if it was still out there it was gone this was at 10:30 at ninght. That is what happenend. I have many witnesses to testify and pictures. I am are devoleping them today. It was the strangest thing that I have ever seen. I will e-mail photos as soon as possible;44.0331;-105.534748275862
