UFO seen while driving the back roads of Wyoming.;1996-06-15 02:30:00;Don't know. Seems like we;UFO seen while driving the back roads of Wyoming. On or about June 15 in 1996, at around 2:30-3:00 in the morning  My brother, his girlfriend (now wife), a longtime friend, and I were on the back roads between Gillette WY and Lusk WY towing back my brothers' old Ford pick-up truck with a tow bar.  (No one had to be in that vehicle, we were all in the towing vehicle, an older Suburban.)  It was very late and we were all very tired.  My brother and his girlfriend were laying down in the back seat talking to each other.  My long time friend was driving and I was in the passenger seat.  My friend and I were talking about the events of the day trying to pass the time.  We were heading south from Gillette on our way to Lusk.  I was looking out the passenger window at the horizon (this would be towards the west) enjoying the dark almost uncanny calmness of the night sky, when on the horizon, (I would assume a couple miles away, there are lots of hills and momentary turns) I saw what I thought was the spotlight on the front of a locomotive on the horizon.  I didn't think much of it until within seconds, it became brighter and instantly was within 100 feet of our moving vehicle.  It shot from the west to the east, moving through our headlight beams, and this part is very hard to describe it was like a spinning disc (?) with multiple colored lights (red, blue, green) and when it crossed in front of us it seemed to bounce(?) and flip over (it was a horizontal spinning disc(?) coming from the west until it bounced in front of us it bounced vertically on it's side flipping over to the other side, and continued spinning to the east over the horizon.  This all happened in seconds, but it truly felt like we were in slow motion.  My friend who was driving and I immediately looked at each other and said, No ((deleted)) way!  My brother an his girlfriend started to freak out, (they had only looked up after it had crossed us and we had passed it because the lights were so brig! ht it lit up the entire cab of the vehicle.) they were able to! see it shoot over the eastern horizon.  We had to stop and pull over, it was very weird, it felt like SOMETHING had happened.  But all that we knew was we just saw something VERY weird.  It almost felt like I had been running a long distance. I was out of breath and shaking.   We stopped got out of the vehicle and smoked a cigarette, all the while my brothers' girlfriend wouldn't get out of the car and was crying.  We were all in a daze wondering what ((deleted)) was that?  My brothers' girlfriend was telling us to get in the vehicle and get going, we were still all so dumb-stuck that I really didn't know quite what had happened.  We got back into the vehicle and continued on down the road, all of us not talking much and my brothers' girlfriend sobbing in the back seat.  When we finally reached our destination, we were almost 2 hours behind schedule.  No one really said much, or thought much about it other than what a weird night.  We never said much about it, until a few weeks ago I was at my brothers' house, and we were talking about weird stuff and this came up.  The weirdest part of the whole situation was that we had a lost time incident.  And I don't know, but there's this part of me that says something happened.  I was never into the esoteric or paranormal until after this experience. Anyway, I have been an avid C2C AM listener and always heard the UFO guy say that it doesn't matter how old the sighting was, they wanted it recorded.   So, that's my story. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));44.0331;-105.534748275862
Strange craft flying above street lights.;2013-09-11 09:00:00;10 seconds;Strange craft flying above street lights. Talon and I seen a small strange craft tonight.  We were turning on our street when it slowed down to check us out.  It was just above the street lights.  It proceeded to fly over the houses on the other side of Lakeway.  We followed it but couldn't see it after it went over the trees.  The whole time Talon was freaking out and begging me not to follow it but I wanted to catch it on camera.;44.0331;-105.534748275862
Was driving mid morning and saw 6 spheres flying together and moving around each other.  They were shiny and silver looking.;2016-08-21 10:58:00;2 minutes;Was driving mid morning and saw 6 spheres flying together and moving around each other. They were shiny and silver looking.  No protrusions, just spheres.  They would be in the formation of a V, then 2 on each side would move around the sides to come in the front and they held that formation for a sec then moved around again.  They were not stationary but kept moving in a small general area.  They also each had a hazy halo in a circle around them.  Then they disappeared;44.0331;-105.534748275862
With binoculars.  Multi colored if you’ve ever seen fireworks  when they explode in the night sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2019-02-01 20:00:00;Hours;Been watching this all night with binoculars.  Multi colored if you’ve ever seen fireworks  when they explode in the night sky and make a big round series of lights.  It looks like that only permanent.  Very, very odd.;44.0331;-105.534748275862
