On march 6th 2001. I was in the foothills area of Gillette Wyoming.  I looked to the sky and saw a blue light gliding across the sky to;2001-03-06 19:00:00;10 minutes;On march 6th 2001. I was in the foothills area of Gillette Wyoming.  I looked to the sky and saw a blue light gliding across the sky towards me. Seconds afterwards I seen the light morph It now had a blue, a red, a white light. Similar to a plane but this was no plane It flew over my head. It most of been only a mile high in the air. I could see the bottom of the ship. It was grey and triangular. It then traveled across town heading southwest. circled aroud some radio towers and disappeared to the west. It changed into a singular red flashing light that blinked every 3 seconds. Then it switched into a white light and dissappeared. The object made a low humming noise. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates above date of March 06, 2001, but enters date of March 09, 2000 in box for date of alleged event.  We will attempt to obtain more information about the event.  PD));44.0331;-105.534748275862
Black triangle glides right over my head.;2002-05-10 19:00:00;1 minute;Black triangle glides right over my head. My wife and I were out for a walk at night in our neiborhood. We were just talking and I looked up at the stars because I love the stars. When out of my periphial view to my left I saw somthing. Its weird but at first glance I thought it was an owl gliding across the sky. Then my mind thought it was a flock of ducks flying in a V formation. But when it was right over my head the light from the stars vanished behind it. It was a black triangle craft making no sound at all. I looked at my wife and pointed to the sky and I kept asking what is that. She didn't know of course. It had no lights no sound and glided across the sky to the north west. I watched until I couldn't see it anymore. We jumped in our car and tried to follow it but I couldn't see it anymore. Im telling you if I hadn't looked straight up I never would have saw it. I went home and looked on line at all the stelth planes that are known to exsist. none of them looked like it. the edges were rounded. It was the creepest thing I'd ever seen. I have listened to you and Art for years and never thought I would see somthing like this. At the time I didn't report it because it wasn't as fantastic as all the reports you seem to get. The only reason I amm sending this is to add to your evidence that we are not alone. Thank you for all you do. One more thing, it might sound weird but I got a strong impression that what ever was in that craft knew that I was watching it. I wish I would have reported it sooner but like I said I didn't think it was a big deal. If you do get in touch with me I did have questions of a dream I had in 1996.I know I might sound dumb but it was a dream of little greys taking me from my bed and putting a clone of me in my place for about a year. I know it was just a dream but I've always wondered if I should talk to someone. Couple of my friends I told just laugh until I tell them I had a second dream a couple days before my surgery that the little guys brought me back. Then they just say how weird. I dont think I'm crazy just wondered what you think. Is there a connection. Anyway thank you for your time.;44.0331;-105.534748275862
