Hovering and hiding UFO Light above Jimmy Stewart Airport in Indiana Pennsylvania;2004-05-16 00:35:00;1 hour;Hovering and hiding UFO Light above Jimmy Stewart Airport in Indiana Pennsylvania I must say as I am writing this I am kind of freaked out...  tonight I went to throw a can in our recycleing bin it was around midnight, and the bin is in the back of the house... usually I just throw it in the bin from the door because it is right by the door, but for some reason tonight something drew me out of the house to do it. When I came out of the house for some reason I walked over to the end of the proch (about 5 feet from the door) and out of the corner of my eye I saw this bight object a few hundred feet it appeard in the sky... i thought oh a plane so i turned to look at it because I like seeing planes at night they are kinda neat... but i thought to myself as i saw it out of the corner of my eye... wait somethings not right its not blinking... how planes usually blink diffrent colors on their wings and such... and it was just hovering there... so i turned twards it to look (this is about a span of 10 seconds) and when i turned to look at it about 5 seconds into the stare at it hover it was like it knew i was looking at it... and suddenly it droped straight down behind the hill (there is a hill off in the distance about half a mile and it has trees all over it) i got a little scared at that point because that was just wierd... i knew it couldnt of been a helicopter because they dont move a few hundred feet in half a second straight down unless they are crashing and yet that is still fast at that point... so i turned away for some reason and it poped back up like it was plaing hide and seek with me... i got freaked out and went back in our house... i looked out the front window and it was there again hovering... but once agian when i looked at it... it droped down behind the hill and trees.. i stood there in shock for aboug 5 minutes then all the sudden it quickly poped back up in the air and the strangest thing happend... it grew from a relatively big spot of white to this bright yellow/orange fast flickering oval shape about 20x as big... and as it did that i got this sudden head ache that lasted from when it got big to about 30 seconds after... whic! h when it stoped it just disappeared like vanished in air...i dont know what happened... so i ran to wake up my parents (im at their house) my sister and her boy friend.. we all stood there stareing... they started making jokes i was seeing things then all the sudden about 10 minutes into the state out the window it appeared again.. this time we all saw it.. it did the same thing agian hovered and hid.. but the wierd thing.. this time when it came back it kinda snuck back from behind the hill and hid in the trees... we could see it behind the trees hovering (keep in mind this is about half a mile away) we stood there shocked for a while and it disappeared again... i called the state police and reported it the said another person just reported a similar thing in the same area when i was talking to them... then the odd thing that happend all the sudden it showed up agian but this time this trail showed up behind it kinda like a firework trail looks like as it flys up in the air.. but this trail just stayed there for about 10 seconds then just vanished.. we were really confused at that point... the last time we saw it tonight while stareing my mother and I saw it jet off in a diagonal pattern (before this it was just up and down) and it vanished... we stood there for about 30 minutes after and nothing...  I must admit I am scared as heck... and not much scares me... I cant even sleep tonight, im honestly scared to... it's 4:18 in the morning right now.. this happened around midnight :\ you can see how I feel just from that... I am a religious person, and I'm telling this to you with God as my whitness that this actually happened tonight... I don't think I could be more frightened then I am tonight... I have always believed in this kind of thing and always wanted to see one to prove it to myself they were real.. but after tonight, I wish I never would of seen what we saw .....  5 people observed this occurange... Myself, my mother and father, my sister and her boyfriend;40.6189367346939;-79.1580693877552
8/17/10 23:17 Indiana, Pa.  lights 1 second 6 white bar shaped lights crossed road in front of me.;2010-08-17 23:17:00;1 second;8/17/10 23:17 Indiana, Pa.  lights 1 second 6 white bar shaped lights crossed road in front of me. I was driveing south on rt. 119 5 miles south of indiana pa. at 23:17.  A blue/white appeared behind me on my left side comeing from a farm field.  There were no lights on anywhere around me. 50' in front of me 6 bright lights a foot off the ground crossed the road.  The lights were about 18 long 2 high and about 4 apart.  They were stacked three high. The other three were 3' behind the first three and it looked like the back three was chaseing the front three.  I would think they were traveling at least 100 m/hr.  The lights went striaght at a house then zig-zagged about 5 times and turned 90%.  They then traveled parallel with the second house and disppeared. I had goose-bumps for 5 minutes. The next day at 14:30 I stoped to look for burned grass but there was none.;40.6189367346939;-79.1580693877552
