Close range observation of a brightly lit egg shaped UFO in Vestal, NY;2008-09-02 03:36:00;5 minutes;Close range observation of a brightly lit egg shaped UFO in Vestal, NY My wife was witness to the event, and these details were given by her, to me, for recording here. My wife sometimes has trouble sleeping, and such was the case in the early morning of 09/02/08. She was laying in bed, looking out the bedroom windows, which face in a southerly direction. The windows allow observation of the tree line at the edge of our property, and the adjoining woods, which cover a hill which is about 100 feet higher in elevation than our house. Her attention was drawn to an unusual light in the sky. She left the bed and went to the window to get a better view of the object. Its shape was sharply defined since it appeared to be quite large, and was brightly lit with a yellowish white light. I asked her to extend her arm in front of her and move her thumb and forefinger apart to the approximate size of the object as it appeared from her viewpoint. She indicated a distance of about two and a half inches between thumb and forefinger. She further stated that the object was uniformly lighted, did not cast any discernible light on the wooded area below, and did not appear to have windows or other surface features.. She described the object as a modified egg shape. The small end was pointing toward the direction of travel. The bottom side was less angular in comparison to the top, and the rear was more square than round. The object emitted no audible sound and its direction and speed were uniform. Initially the object appeared over the tree line. It traveled slowly west to east at a downward trajectory of about 20 degrees almost as if on a landing approach. As its altitude decreased, the tree line began to increasingly interfere with her view until the object was no longer visible. The object was observed for a total of about five minutes. We live in a more rural part of Vestal and there is very little man made ambient light. The sky was clear with no moon at the time of viewing, and sunrise was three hours away. The next day, out of curiosity, I called the Vestal police department and inquired if there had been any reports of UFOs, lights in the sky, etc., and the person I was talking to said he was not aware of any such reports. Hmmm…;42.0754999999997;-76.0089000000006
