Gigantic ship blocked out the mountain!;2014-10-31 22:00:00;~5-10 minutes;Gigantic ship blocked out the mountain! It was late in the evening in October of 2014, and i had been drinking a little whiskey with neighbors and my roommates when we witnessed a gigantic craft of unimaginable size being escorted by what seemed to be military helicopters headed towards the nuclear plant located about thirty miles from our home in Benton City, Washington.  We live in a small town near the Hanford nuclear facility, one of the places used by the Manhattan Project to create the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki at the end of the second war.  It is not uncommon to see helicopters in the sky and an occasional jet flying over the city, usually headed from or going to the Area as we call it, but that night it was extremely windy with very little visibility and a blanket of clouds covering the sky.  The helicopters were not visible but very audible and drew us out into the yard to look at the sky.  At first we saw nothing but clouds and fog but then we noticed the red light and it app! eared to be similar to the light of a plane and another in front and another in back and we saw the sky above us moving.  The craft was at least a few thousand feet long and the largest craft I have ever seen in the night sky.  We were shocked.  Called another neighbor and they saw it too.  It was amazing and it was heading north east towards the base at the Hanford area and the craft blocked out the sky above us.  We went inside and didn't speak again about what we saw until two weeks later when we saw it again a second time and this time it was about 20 miles from our home viewed from the front porch and it blocked out the mountain, Rattlesnake Mountain, the tallest and largest treeless hill in north America.  It almost looked like a battleship that was meant to be on the water but it was in the sky. Think star wars battleship cruiser.  Blocked the mountain out.  Incredible!  We saw it twice! Strangest thing i have ever seen and the biggest ship I have ever seen since.  But every night, there is a bright star that shines brighter than all the others and moves in irregular orbit across our sky.  I have pictures and there is a second star, half the size of the first and it moves irregularly as well.  I believe that we have low orbit satellites in our skies every night.  There is no other explanation I can stipulate, I call the large one the death star.  Everyone agrees in my community that star is irregular.  I always say that's not a star.  And I have photos of it moving in the sky.  Thank you for reading my account.  This is my first report.  I will report if I see anything else.  I have images of ufos in the skies of eastern Washington and I wish I had a picture of the giant ship I saw, but I was too shocked to think straight.  There is no place like this.  A reptilian presence and it goes back as far as the Indian legends of the warm springs tribe of Mabton.  Thank you again for reading.  And may the Spirit keep you from harm. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the source of the report, and he assures us that the report is submitted as a serious account of what he witnessed.  He will have the other witnesses submit additional reports.  PD));46.2773;-119.4951
