The object was hovering and moving slowly toward the field.;1977-08-15 17:00:00;Not sure;The object was hovering and moving slowly toward the field. I was nine years old at the time, We lived in a rural area outside of Rolla, Missouri. There was this older gentleman and his wife that lived accross the street from us. He had just purchased a new Kodak One Step Camera for a trip that he and his wife were going to take, and asked some of us kids that were playing nearby at the time if he could take our pictures, he wanted to try out the camera. We were standing in his driveway waiting for the first picture to develop when this huge shadow blocked out the sunlight. I looked up and saw this object, it wasn't emitting any sound what so ever, it was like one of the smaller ones in close encounters, with lights spining all around it. This took place before I saw the movie. I still do not understand how I could see the lights so brightly, in daylight! The older gentleman, my eleven year old brother, myself, two twin boy's that were around 7 if I recall corretly and one other 10 year old girl all took off in the direction that the object headed. It wasn't going fast at all, kind of hovering and slowly moving off toward a fenced field that we picked blackberries in. We went as far as the bob wire fence and then stopped. The object just hovered in the middle of the field, about 3 stories above the ground. The older man snaped a shot of it, and my older brother wanted to climb over the fence and get closer, I stopped him. I don't remember feeling afraid, I wasn't even shocked, I just didn't want him going any closer. I was only nine, If I saw one now I would probably freak out! We all crowded in as the picture was developing, it turned out pure white Like when you try to take a photo of something too bright. Now this is all that I can remember happening, we were looking at the photo and then our backs were turned away from the field and we were heading home, the sun was going down. My brother and I went home and told our mom what had happened, my oldest brother placed a call to the radio station and asked if anyone else had reported seeing anything... he was told,It must have been a weather balloon We never talked about that evening with the older man accross the street, the other children and even my brother and myself didn't discuss it until years later. He can't remember anything after looking at the photo either. To my knowledge, that is the only incident in my life of witnessing a UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));37.9477851851852;-91.7637370370371
Coming from the woods, I saw a UFO very close and it passed over my friend's house and over me and went into the woods.;2003-07-15 23:45:00;1-3 minutes;Coming from the woods, I saw a UFO very close and it passed over my friend's house and over me and went into the woods. I was walking from the woods back to my friend's house. The street I was on was very dark, almost pitch black, my friend's house up the street was dimly lit. I noticed lights above his house but thought it was a plane, and thought nothing of it. Soon I came to realize that it could not be a plane, it was flying too slowly and too low to the ground for that. The object had lights on it, I did not count them but I am pretty sure that there were 2 red lights and 4 white lights. The object was about 250 ((corrected by witness)) feet from me, and 75-80 feet ((corrected by witness)) in the air. It's shape was the combination of a disk and a diamond, it could have just looked that way from the angle I was at. I thought of going to get my friend to get another witness but thought that if I did that when I came back with him it would be gone. I was unusually calm for such an encounter. My mouth was open and I was watching and studying the craft in awe. After I dismissed the idea of the object to be a plane I considered it could be a blimp, but it couldn't have been, it was much too small and oddly shaped. Also, it did not have one sheet of metal over the entire object, it had rectangular silver plates on it. The object flew by me and over the trees across the street from my friends house, I could still see it and it was still fairly close. One thing I noticed what how the craft would go fairly slow, then come to a stop, and hovered there for a while. This was the eeriest thing about the object, on account of how unnatural this looked from any other type of flying machine. Later on I would consider it to be a helicopter, but it did not have a tail or blades, nor did it make loud noises. It did make a noise however, a quiet stealthy humming, as if an engine were in it. After the craft passed over the first set of trees it came to a house across the street from my friends house. It hovered over the house, and suddenly a white light came out of the bottom, the bottom was like a hatch, the light wasn't like a beam, more like an airplane light. I became frightened for a moment, thinking that the UFO had spotted me just then, but then the light disappeared and the hatch closed. The craft continued on from the house, it was starting to get far away, soon it stopped behind a tree and kept moving. When I lost sight of it, I started to run to the other side of the street so I could see it going over the trees from the right, but I was at my friends house so I decided to go in and get him real quick. I told him to follow me and that I had seen a UFO and he had to be quick, so him and his girlfriend ran outside after me, they both looked very reluctant to really look for the UFO, like they didn't believe me. I wanted to show I wasn't lieing about the whole thing by acting completely serious, so they could see I wasn't really kidding around. We ran down the trail by the house the object had hovered and set it's light from the hatch out over to see if it was still behind the trees. It was gone, so I went back inside with my friends. No one really believed me and I really regret on not having a second witness with me. My background description is that I'm ((personal data deleted)) intelligent, and very interested in music. ((FOLLOW-UP CORRESPONDENCE FROM WITNESS)) I wrote my report a little less than a day ago, it was posted 7/16/2003 and the location is Rolla, MO. I was very, very tired at the time I wrote it, and when I read it the next day, I noticed how many mistakes I had written in the Full Description part of my report. These mistakes don't make my story look very credible at all and I would appreciate it very much if you fixed some parts of my report. Here is what needs to be fixed: '250 feet away' not '10-15 feet from me' '70-85 feet high' not '20-25 feet in the air' 'hatch' not 'hatchet' (this mistake is made three times) 'an airplane light' not 'just a light' 'trees to the right' not 'trees from the right' I would also ask you take out the very last sentence about my age and personality and such, I didn't understand what was meant by 'A description of the backgrounds of the observer(s) is useful as well. Thank you for your time. ((END));37.9477851851852;-91.7637370370371
