Two Fiery UFO's Seen from Hellicopter at near the same height.;2001-12-01 21:30:00;Unkown;((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witness may have been observing what was reported as re-entering space debris.  It was reported from TX, NM, OK, KS, MO, and from other midwestern states, as well.  If so, the date of the event was Saturday, 01DE01.  We have amended the date above.  PD)) Two Fiery UFO's Seen from Hellicopter at near the same height. This is second person, so bare with me.  I didn't witness the crafts myself, I'm just repeating my uncles story. My uncle flies med-vac choppers from Columbia, MO to Springfield, MO and Kansas City, MO.  Two - three weeks (exact date unknown to me- between 11/25-30/01) ago he witnessed two Unidentified Flying Objects en route between Springfield and Columbia.  He said it was pretty close to Fort Smith(?) off of I44 between Rolla and Springfield.  My uncle described these UFO's as practically undescribable or unviewable rather, other than that there was a fiery aura around the actual ships, or flames (redish orange with a blue mixture as well) unlike any fire that is common on earth and that he'd seen for that matter, blanketing the crafts outward appearance.  The ship itself wasn't even distinguishable.  He said he was travelling at about 2500ft and they appeared infront of him, like a cars headlights, at a height of nearly or exactly 3000ft, and at around 700 - 800 mph passed directly in front of him, flying exactly parallel to the earths surface, one slightly behind and caddy corner to the other.  He witnessed them go out of sight, as they had come into his view.  He even said they flew directly inbetween his chopper and a cesna flying not to far off beside of him (distance unknown to me), and when he made the call on his transmitter he was told that they were not seen on their radar, yet the cesna and him were obviously there.  He also said that they were not small either.  Very large.  He didn't go into exact detail on the size of the crafts.  I don't know where he was speaking to exactly, but he said that he spoke directly to an Air Force (representative) also and was told by him that it was 'Space Debris'.  There is no way that this was space debris given it's path of travel.  If space debris it would have been heading towards the earth!  He said that the Air Force representative was adamant, and he realized that immediatly and complied.  The local Ozark media also ran the story telling of many eye witness accounts of the UFOs, but followed with the Air Forces guise agreeing that it was 'Space Debris'. Unfortunatly this is all I gathered from him.  There was a nurse with him who shared the experience as well. (personal note to previewer - omit from description) ((NUFORC Note:  So omitted.  Pertains to administrative points related to the report contains no information pertinent to the event.  PD));37.9477851851852;-91.7637370370371
Two burning lights at low altitude silently moving slowly in westward direction.;2011-07-04 20:00:00;5 minutes perhaps a litt;Two burning lights at low altitude silently moving slowly in westward direction. I have not reported this sighting to date because I was certain that I was simply missing something that was obvious but I cannot let it go and when I heard Mr. Peter Davenport's comment on the importance of not sitting on unreporting sightings on a recent Coast to Coast AM broadcase, I decided to finally pass my account. My home is in Rolla, Missouri and at about 8 pm on July 4, 2011 (being July 4 is the first reason I dismissed what I saw), I was in my front yard shooting off fireworks with my children.  It was betting dusky but still quite light and the sky was overcast.  I am not certain what the visible ceiling was but below the cloud layer I noticed a bright light almost directly over my head.  I do not think that the light was very high as the clouds seemed quite low in the sky but I cannot speak to their elevation.   My wife also noted the light and asked me what it was.  I commented that it must be a firework perhaps on a parachute.  There was no noise at all so I  doubted it was a helicopter or airplane given the light could not be too high given the low-lying clouds.  It was moving towards the west slowly on a straight line.  My wife lost interest in the light but I continued to watch it expecting it to descend as I presumed it was a firework on a chute.   Also, the light did not ap! pear to be a spotlight as it shimmered as if it was burning.  Once again, no sound of an engine was audible.   I glanced off to the south and discovered another light parallel to the first as far as I could determine.  It appeared to be a match to the one I had first noticed immediately overhead.  Both lights continued on their westward path until they disappeared beyond the treeline.  I was able to observe them for more than 5 minutes and there was no sign they ever descended.  Thus I cannot believe they were fireworks and there were no running lights beyond the single burning ball of light makes me doubt they were aircraft.  As I really would like to see an UFO of extraterrestial origin, I am thus intentionally skeptical but my recollections are as dispassionate and accurate as I can make them.;37.9477851851852;-91.7637370370371
