Bright, triangle shaped object near Jefferson College in Hillsboro, MO.  ((anonymous report));2020-02-14 16:35:00;30 seconds;Bright, triangle shaped object near Jefferson College in Hillsboro, MO I was driving south on HWY 21 in Jefferson County. I had just passed the Old Route 21/Schenk Rd exit. The object was glowing very brightly, and initially I thought it was an astronomical object, such as a planet, because the size of the object at that point was too big for a star. I'm relatively knowledgeable in astronomy, and with the time of day, the date, and how sunny it was, I immediately ruled out that possibility.  Furthermore, over the approximately next 15 seconds, the object grew in size to about a dime.  I have no way to know the actual distance or elevation, but it had to be around a mile, and I would estimate it was about 45+ degrees above the horizon (i.e., approximately southeastward from the Jefferson College campus).  The  object was glowing brilliantly with silvery light, and at this point its triangular shape slightly resembled a passenger airliner.  However, it was pointing directly straight up, which I couldn't reconcile since it didn't make sense.  I've had an interest in airplanes and space travel since childhood, and I'm relatively proficient with identifying basic types of aircraft.  I was trying to focus more on the object however, it was shimmering, and I was in rush hour traffic (speaking of which, given the time of day, there had to be other people that witnessed this object).  At this point I spotted what was most likely a fighter jet (it was moving at high speed at altitude and producing a substantial vapor trail) approaching from the southeast.  I immediately decided to dismiss the glowing object as some type of aircraft, figuring a military exercise must be taking place.  Then I spotted another jet (with vapor trail) approaching from the north.  I realized the two fighter jets were converging on the spot where the unknown flying object was located.  I returned to the object, which had once again shrunk in size to resemble a star. In fact, as I watched, it continued to shrink into a tiny dot, and then disappeared altogether.  This all happened in such a short amount o! f time ( maybe 30 seconds -- plus I was in the midst of rush hour traffic on Hwy 21) that I had not yet considered that the object might be of extraterrestrial origin.  However, immediately contemplating the way it disappeared, I realized it was due to accelerating away at an incredibly high rate of velocity.  The fighter jets looked like they were moving at a snail's pace compared to how fast the UFO had vanished.  Incidentally, I have dream premonitions, and I've been experiencing an unprecedented number of premonitions the past few months.  Furthermore, a few days ago I dreamed about an alien aircraft crashing into the earth.  I could care less whether or not anyone other than my wife believes my account.  I've posted it here because I figure someone else witnessed this event, and they might be inclined to google it, as I was.;38.2570000000002;-90.5800999999994
