Much unusual activity, starting with a helicopter, and ending with various ufos.  Please read full story of what we saw.;2016-10-09 00:00:00;2-3 hours;There was so much unusual activity, starting with a helicopter, and ending with various ufos. Please read full story of what we saw My boyfriend and I went to see Tech N9ne at Red Rocks Amphitheater in Morrison, Colorado on October 9th, 2016. When we got there we stood outside of the concert to smoke a cigarette when we noticed a helicopter flying over. I thought it seemed odd because you could not actually see what the helicopter looked like, but based off of it's lights and sound you could tell how close it was. The first time it went by I hardly heard it until it had gone by, but the second time it flew directly above us and hovered for a minute or two. It was very loud, very big for what I've seen news type helicopters look like, but again, I could still not actually see the helicopter itself, I only state this based off of where it's lights were placed.  After a minute of it sitting there and me watching this, a man came over the security guards walkie-talkie who happened to be standing on the staircase we were at the bottom of, and he stated Looks like our helicopter 'friend' i! s back. I then looked up at the security guard who was staring up at the helicopter almost concerned and confused. I continued to watch him and judge his reaction before he glanced down and noticed me watching for reassurance, he then just walked down the stairs, into the building.  The helicopter came back maybe one more time after that, but it wasn't as weird as before, and it did not hover again. After this incident we heard the music kicking up and decided to go jump back into the crowd, when we got to our spot we noticed tons of unusual activity happening in the skies above the Red Rocks stage.  Off to the left of where we were looking there was about 5 lights spaced out sporadically in the same general vacinity, but they didn't move. We then noticed 3 off to the right of the stage that were just as bright as the other 5, and didn't move.  The five off to the left would get brighter and dimmer, some dimmed out and flew away as if a plane would.. some would just completely dim out and disappear.  The 3 off to the left did the same, until they all disappeared.  But the ones on the right dimmed and moved until there were 3 left, which eventually all dimmed out to nothing once again. We watched this happen multiple times, in different ways.  At one point we saw one light flying through the sky which seemed to have an LED light shinning from it, it didn't look li! ke the normal plane lights, it was much brighter.  We continued to watch and witness these strange flying objects, or just sitting lights at points.  At another point towards the end I noticed that there was this much larger strange orange glowing orb which seemed to be on the surface of some hills way off in the distance more towards Castle Rock, and it would flash and disappear, then reappear on the hill next to it.  This happened 3 different times before it stayed on the 3rd hill, where it flashed rarely, but it continued to still flash occasionally. The unknown activity seemed to slow down more and more until the concert ended, and then I no longer noticed them.  We just thought it was all very strange and thought we would share our experience since many others may have witnessed this too. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.6131;-105.1757
