Strange acting flying objects viewed on night of Indiana earthquake, with 3 witnesses.;2008-08-18 02:00:00;maybe 1 hour;Strange acting flying objects viewed on night of Indiana earthquake, with 3 witnesses. On Aug 18 of 2008, while visiting my friend whom lives just up the road from me I encountered a sighting in which I cannot fully understand. We were visiting in a loft of their garage and my friends boyfriend left to go use the restroom. When he came back he quietly and calmly said to come over and look out the window. Stating look who's crazy now, being he had told me about seeing these things constantly since he was young. Nearly every day from how he made it out. When I came to the window I saw a light pattern that was strange moving in the sky. At this point I must admit I was a skeptic at best, but I do have an open mind and find his stories interesting. What I saw was a light pattern just above the tree line, moving a lot like a plane. But then it stopped, and started sinking behind the trees. Most strange thing was, when my friends significant other said something like see, just above the tree line, it stopped and sank as if it were reacting to his voice. I walked around and kept watching for about 15 minutes to see if it were still there, which a little light was still visible, but it was just behind the trees. What I find most interesting about this is that on this day, Indiana had several earthquakes, which is very uncommon. On top of that, I've heard that Indianapolis airport shut down due to a unidentified flying object sighted by the tower. I just tonight tried to find an article related to this but didn't have much success. Granted it was a mediocre search in the grand view of real research. But that is getting me away from my story. We return to the loft to go about our conversation and he is telling me that its a totally common event for him. And goes into story after story about his encounters. Most disturbing was when he was telling me that a lot of times people missed these things because as he put it they tend to make false noises, like helicopter, planes or jets to throw you off. That is when I felt like I was in a movie. Not 3 seconds after he got done with the word jet I hear just that. Like clockwork. He, not being phased by this at all mentioned that they very well might be out there again.We pop our heads out the window and we see just that. Two this time. I go running outside to see the show and there it is again. He the mentions that the one we saw earlier was right on top of the building we were in when he saw it, at this time comparing notes with each other, and finding out that it moved when I came up. And there they sat, above the tree line, maybe 125 feet high, and they just sink right below it, like a cat trying to catch a rodent. The last thing that I recall seeing was right before they left all together the second one that appeared made an amazingly bright flash, a lot like the one on a camera and off of it shot a little orb that went into a crazy free spin through the sky that didn't seem to have any real pattern to it. And then they were all gone. That was the last thing I sighted this night. I do have one new recent sighting which is to follow in my next report. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));39.285;-86.7813
