Many flashing lights viewed over industrious development in southern Indiana;2008-09-12 23:00:00;Unknown;Many flashing lights viewed over industrious development in southern Indiana When I was driving home on the evening of Sept 12, I was nearly home when going through a long stretch of flat land in my truck I look over to the north and see what appears to be police lights. Only thing is they are in the sky. Resembled the flashing of a cops light bar on top of their vehicles. Blue and red. Then I come to notice their is tons of these. Scattered all over the sky in this region. In formations they we just hovering, but once here and there one would switch positions. The objects were in my guess, maybe 65 feet in the sky. Very low, right over a few buildings and animal fields. Now as of now I haven't heard of any animals missing or anything in this neighborhoods, but this is mainly because I'd rather not get labeled a nut-job by my neighbors. But they didn't seem to notice me, or if thats the case, care I was watching. I was stopped for around 20 minutes. The entire time they stayed in a triangular formation, with several formations in the sky, heavy cloud cover from incoming hurricane weather, and they made no noise. Just something I've taken note of, once I did get home I was extremely tired, and thats why I took off from watching this is a felt like I would fall asleep in my truck, sitting in the middle of a road. Also in our local paper The Herald Times in Bloomington, yesterday it was reported that we have had crop circles found in a nearby town of Bedford. I would be happy to send and photos of the area of sighting or of what the object looked like if needed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));39.285;-86.7813
Pulsating red lights in formation.;2013-10-16 08:40:00;10 minutes;Pulsating red lights in formation We noticed Red pulsating lights as we were going home from church. We stopped in the Walmart lot (823 W State Highway 46, Spencer, IN) and watched at least 12 lights maintaining positions with each other and rising from the NW horizon moving across the sky and disappearing at about 20 degrees above the SE horizon.  No noise.  Each moved smoothly across the sky and no, what would be called running lights, could be seen on any of the objects.  They were very bright much more so than Venus would be.  Not all lights were visible at the same time.  That is, as lights disappeared in the SE, others would rise in the NW.  The last light to pass was far behind the others.;39.285;-86.7813
