Fishing remote pond in Canoe, observed bright light moving across sky that slows, stops and disappears .;2011-06-20 22:00:00;30-40 seconds;Fishing remote pond in Canoe, observed bright light moving across sky that slows, stops and disappears . Area description:  Dirt road/access on east side.  Tree covered Mountain on east side of pond, obstructs view easterly sky. N to NE - swampy bog that becomes forest.  West, bog and mountains in distance, can see camp lights from western mountains on clear nights.  South West, bog, South - unoccupied camp, forest, the mountain tapers down on south side. Sounds:  insects, frogs, coyotes, moose, fish jumping, beavers  what you would expect to hear in the deep country. What I saw that night. First of all I don't drink or use drugs when I fish, I am most always alone and like to fish at night.  I need to be safe if I am to have fun. I was fly fishing a semi-remote carry in canoe access pond on the border of Sebago and Naples line.  It was a warm, clear, windless night mostly quiet aside from fish, frogs and other animals, no cars in the distance or sounds aside from that of nature.  It was so clear and bright from moon/star light that I didn't need to wear my head lamp.  It was warm, still in the 70's.  The only human structures were a single very small camp (unoccupied for years) and a radio tower with a blinking strobe, roughly 1 mile away and very distant camp on western mountain top whose lights you saw now and again in the distance.  I don't know exact time, but it was between 10-12 pm.  The pond is small, shallow and remote. I was in the middle of paddling from one side of the pond, to the other going south west when a light appeared in the sky to the north.  It was about four times as luminous and larger than the north star.  It looked a ball of light.  It appeared to be very high in the sky, much higher than prop planes and military/jets that occasionally fly over, but I don't really know how high or large object was.  It made no sound.  The speed at which it moved seemed slow compared to shooting stars that I see frequently at this spot.  I thought that's what it was but it became obvious that the speed of the object was slowing down and wasn't a shooting star. It came to an immediate, abrupt and obvious stop mid point in the sky, nearly on top of my position. stayed in that spot 5 or 6 seconds and it disappeared.  The light was white/blue, it was a hot blue - it was strange I remember it was constantly bright but looked like electric fire of flashes of blue and white light, but not strobe like I guess the closest thing I can say is the light flowed  I don't know if that makes sense, but that's what I saw. I stopped and sat there in the canoe for several minutes - kept fishing for a little while, but felt like I needed to get home.  My girlfriend didn't know what to say about it, she looked horrified, she was speechless.  As I told her I was overwhelmed with emotion.  I guess it didn't register at the moment that I saw something so bizarre that I couldn't explain it.  Since then I haven't told anyone else what I saw.  It makes me anxious to think about it, let alone tell people. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  We have amended the time, to reflect a sighting at night.  PD));43.9681;-70.5988000000001
