Red spherical craft observed 60 miles East of Whiteman AFB, Missouri;2010-07-04 20:00:00;1 minute 30 seconds;Red spherical craft observed 60 miles East of Whiteman AFB, Missouri Again, this is an older sighting due to me just recently finding this website.  4 July 2010 State Road NN, approx. 1 mile north of Centertown, MO (Cole County)  On the evening of 4 July 2010, my wife and I were on the back deck of a friend's house, watching the neighbors shoot off fireworks.  The time was about 8pm. Sun was on the western horizon with dimming light through the trees, so there was no direct sunlight/glare as we were in the shadow of the house. We were facing south. I noticed a small red light appear over the trees in the distance that appeared to be approaching. Soon, the object was nearing and appeared as a red beach ball illuminated from the inside....translucent red orb with a bright dot of red light in the center. Size of craft appeared to be 20 to 25 feet in diameter. Speed estimated to be 100 to 120 mph based on experience with, and habit of observing small civilian aircraft, as compared to a Cessna 150 or 152. Altitude estimated at 1500 to 2000 feet, but seemed to be lower. Craft moved in a deliberate, controlled manner, not drifting as would a balloon. Craft traveled north and disappeared beyond nearby trees w! here sighting was lost. Craft produced no noise.  Three other witnesses present did observe this same object, but gave no two corroborating statements as to the nature of the object. Witness #1 stated it was an aircraft. (Where was engine/prop noise common to type?) Witness #2 stated it was a balloon, despite traveling in a straight line, no wavering in path, and no wind to account for velocity.) Witness #3 stated it was clearly a helicopter. (Again, where is engine and rotor noise?)  Myself and my wife were the only observers present who agreed on size, shape, color/appearance, approximate speed and altitude, and lack of obvious terrestrial  aircraft related appearance or sound signature.  Next day, encounter was related to a coworker who stated that such sightings were common and more frequent the closer one was to Whiteman AFB.  If I may... While doing my own UFO research, I have recently learned of a 1974 incident in Coyame, Mexico in which an unidentified object appeared on USAF radar moving at high speed towards US airspace. Object sensed it was being tracked and reversed course, colliding with a small, single engined civilian aircraft. Both craft crashed. The civilian plane was all but completely destroyed. The UFO was damaged but remained intact. Mexican authorities were in the process of transporting the damaged UFO when the convoy was allegedly intercepted by US CIA assets. Mexican authorities at the scene did not attempt to resist. The craft was subsequently taken to Whiteman AFB, Missouri.  I have heard your reports of similar Red Sphere craft in the past 2 weeks on an overnight radio show. I believe these sightings are connected and they are searching for the object taken to Whiteman. The craft was obviously small enough to be transported via truck and fit into a bomber-sized aircraft hangar. However, on the east side of the base are the underground bunkers for munitions storage. I believe one or more of these bunkers my be more than just a bunker, as other reports indicate frequent UFO sightings and encounters in the airspace over Whiteman AFB, with at least one reported incidence of a UFO directly probing multiple bunkers with a beam of light.  I do not normally approach problems like other people and tend to see deeper into things and make connections where others do not. Hope this helps.;38.6275;-92.3987
