Low, slow, silent craft lights in diamond shape 3 bright white 1 bright red no flashing seen at night;2013-08-12 23:00:00;2 minutes;Low, slow, silent craft lights in diamond shape 3 bright white 1 bright red no flashing seen at night. Went out with my granddaughter to see if we would be able  to see anything of the meteor shower.  It was a perfectly clear  night and the sky was finally dark enough to see the stars  easily.  We were standing close to the house looking up to the  south and had been there for possibly three minutes when a  craft, and I say craft although I didn't actually see any shape, it blended in with the night sky. What we actually saw were the large round lights, three pure  white lights in a triangle shape, one in the flight direction  (S) one on either side (E and W) and then one red one at  theback(N) opposite the leading white light, making a diamond  shape.  These lights were steady, not flashing.  They were not  shining down, very odd, they were just very bright white and  red. There was no sound whatsoever which is why I was completely  taken off guard, it visually broke over the roof line in silence  from the north and continued south till we couldn't see it any  longer for the trees (approx 2 minutes). It appeared to be around 200 feet off the ground, it was very  low and traveled very slowly, like you were out for a Sunday  drive and just cruising...went right over the town.  I can't  imagine anyone else didn't see it. We do have a small airport here which is how I'm guestimating the  height of the craft.  The landing flight path here is from west  to east, very little traffic and rarely anything at that time of  night if ever. I see the planes when they come in during the day  from the same spot I was standing watching for meteor shower. I am generally ready with binoculars and camera and am so very  disgusted with myself for not having my camera in hand but it  was my granddaughters first time out in the dark to look at  stars and I didn't want to leave her alone in case she would be  afraid......I was afraid it might suddenly disappear.  I was in awe. I'm almost sorry I saw it as now I feel like the old cave  artists must have felt continually looking at the place where I  saw it....Was it extraterrestrial or some secret government spy  plane???  who knows. Thanks;58.8181;-122.5484
