Triangular Craft Hovered, then Zoomed overheard.;1997-02-01 06:35:00;10 minutes;Triangular Craft Hovered, then Zoomed overheard. Let me start by saying I have never been all that interested in UFO's. In fact, until this event, I never really believed in UFO's at all. It was just something that I never thought about.  This took place in a very rural area of southwest Michigan, and I was 15 years old at the time.  I was waiting for the bus at approx. 6:35 am. It was still very dark outside. It was very cold, around 15 degrees farenheit, and it was very clear, no clouds at all. I was standing at the end of my driveway, which is about 50 yards from the house. There are no neighbors in this area, and there were no lights on of any kind - no streetlights, vehicles, etc.  Across the street is a very large field of soybeans. Above this field I saw four large lights.  The lights looked exactly like stadium lights. They were very bright and close together. They were very high in the sky, perhaps twice the height of a normal stadium light.  Strangely, I was mesmerized by the lights. I could not figure out why the farmer had put these huge lights in the middle of his field. I watched the lights for approimately 10 minutes, and they never moved. I had no reason to think that they were anything but very tall stadium lights.  Suddenly the lights came towards me and zoomed over my head. There was no sound. As the lights approached me, the craft went higher and took off over my head. At this point it was going very slowly.  I looked up and saw it in full detail, directly above me. It was only a few hundred feet off the ground. It was triangular, but the edges of the triangle were rounded off. There were lights on either side of it, small red lights that were blinking. As it went above me, The light in front of the craft turned on. It was an interior light, and I could make out a shape moving around in the cockpit.  The craft was huge, but not as large as a jetliner.  As it went over my head, it veered sharply to the left (west) and took off very quickly. It completely disappeared within seconds.  It was completly noiseless, and it was only after the even that I realized I had seen something extraordianry. The main thing I remember is that for some odd reason i could not take my eyes off the thing. It was like it hypnotized me.  After I realized what I had just seen, I was completely terrified. I felt like I could not breathe. The bus came and I asked everyone if thay had seen anything weird in the sky. They hadn't.  Ever since that day, I have been a believer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.8243;-85.4256
