Triangular shape with 3 white lights stationary in North sky.;2014-09-13 19:00:00;30 minutes;Triangular shape with 3 white lights stationary in North sky. A triangular shape was seen in the same spot in the sky for over half an order.  The lights began and white and have turned into orange.  Both my husband and I watched it.  First time we have ever seen anything like this. I went on line to see if anyone else had reported what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object was a hig-altitude, helium-filled balloon.  One was reported to have been released from Ft. Sumner in New Mexico.  http://www.topix.com/city/fort-sumner-nm/2014/09/enormous-balloon-will-carry-black-hole-hunting-telescope-aloft PD));34.6511;-106.6952
I was at the Belen Airport in the parking lot, I had gotten out of my car and was hoping to catch some take offs and landings, but ther;2018-08-18 16:00:00;5 seconds;I was at the Belen Airport in the parking lot, I had gotten out of my car and was hoping to catch some take offs and landings, but there was no activity happening that afternoon. I was scanning the skys which were very clear and thought maybe I would at least see some high altitude passenger jets overhead if I focused long enough but there were none. After several moments of concerted effort studying parts of the sky, I was ready to leave, but for some reason I had an urge to look one more time and that is when I saw a peculiar object. The way my eyes focused on it, I could not very well tell if it was a small craft close to me or a large craft that I was seeing perhaps 30,000 feet distance. The object was a white triangle traveling in a spiral path away from me.  The speed of the rotation and forward movement was very fast and I remember thinking that a human pilot would not be able to withstand the force. As I watched it, I could tell that something seemed! to be struggling to pilot the craft because it was making very quick corrections and not moving in a smooth or straight line. Because of the speed and color, I lost it in the sky for a moment but then again found it before it moved out of my eyesight range. The craft made no sound and there were no lights nor trail of exhaust. Means of propulsion seemed otherworldly and unsuitable for Earth's atmosphere and gravitational forces.;34.6511;-106.6952
