1 star shaped object with blinking lights & landings of other objects where there are no airports.;2011-03-19 20:00:00;2 hours;1 star shaped object with blinking lights & landings of other objects where there are no airports. As best as I can, will explain this most definetely odd occurrence.  A friend took me over to his camper located at near Gabaladon & Silva Rd.  At first,what he told me to look at, I took to be a star which was about the size of a head on a ten penny nail.  He next told me to look at it through binoculars.  I did this and this star was blinking red & blue or green (don't recall if it was blue or green) which stars do not do that I am aware of.  Next he said to look a little below that & I saw what I thought was just a small airplane.  It was blinking red & blue/green.  I watched it circle & land, I guess, as it went out of sight.   Before it landed, I saw an area light up bright for a few seconds. This landing I estimate to be about 2 miles away.   As this object came in to land I saw a motor vehicle going into the landing area, & soon coming back.   This same occurrence happened 3 times before my friend took me home.  He said it goes on every night all night. THERE ARE NO AIRPORTS IN THIS AREA.   This is why whatever is happening is ODD.   From Silva Rd., Belen, NM, I was looking East & slightly North. There are no airports there.  There are 2 airports way south of Silva Rd. named Skywagon, & Burris Ranch. The last 2 nights have been somewhat overcast/cloudy, but I want to go back on a clear night & see what happens, if anything.  What I did see is not normal, this I know.  My address is: ((personal information deleted));34.6511;-106.6952
4 bright white lights.;2019-06-22 22:30:00;2 minutes;4 bright white lights I was in a car heading south on I-25, between the first and second exits of Belen, NM.  My uncle was driving, my aunt was in the front passenger’s seat, and I was in the rear passenger’s seat.  The night was very dark, no bright moon, very few stars.   I was looking out the window facing west.  I first saw what looked like a white ball of light disintegrate or explode, followed by a tail or a trail.  I will describe it as a shooting star in reverse.  A few seconds later, I saw 4 large, white bright lights facing east the lights were set close together at equal distances.  The object appeared to never move, and it was large and felt menacing.  There was also a dim glow coming from underneath the lights.  As I stared at the object, the two lights on the left turned toward the other 2 lights so at this point, 2 lights remained facing east and the other 2 turned to face north, while remaining close together.  The 2 lights turned back to the east to align with the other 2 lights again.  The object never seemed to move, and I lost sight of it as we continued down the freeway.   At first, I thought it was a large 4x4 truck on a hill, but it was so dark I could not see the terrain, but the way the 2 lights turned make me doubt my truck theory. I tried to snap some photos, which I did, but they do not look like anything other than specks of light.  The true description of the object that I saw with my eyes is accurate as described above.  We were travelling at a high rate of speed and I did not use a flash.  I am attaching the original photos, plus the same photos after I zoomed in using my photo app.  I already emailed the photos.;34.6511;-106.6952
