A large, very bright white, round satellite-appearance light, moving slowly. Then made an extremely fast W maneuver, and then vanishe;2001-07-14 22:30:00;5 plus seconds;A large, very bright white, round satellite-appearance light, moving slowly. Then made an extremely fast W maneuver, and then vanishe My husband and I were lying on lounge chairs by the pool of a local Inn, star-gazing and satellite watching.  From 22:00-23:30 we spotted 6 satellites. Then in the Northern sky we both saw what appeared to be yet another satellite moving, but this one was very large (about 5 times the size of the others). It was a large, clear, and solid bright white. It was moving in s slow straight line/course. Then, it suddenly it made a VERY fast and sharp/severe Double Zigzag (like a giant “W”) across the sky, and completely vanished. I said, It must have passed behind the mountains.  My husband replied, There are no mountains there.  It just vanished.  He was right. The following morning I phoned Twenty-Nine Palms, USMC, and spoke with a Captain.  I told him what I saw and asked him if it was night maneuvers.  He told me that there were no night maneuvers that night.;34.1499;-116.312
White lights in a row that came one one at a time and went out all together;2006-12-18 20:00:00;4 minutes;White lights in a row that came one one at a time and went out all together Very bright, (beyond bright, luminous) perfectly round white lights came on one at a time in a kind of row that formed a wide arc. They were on for about thirty seconds to a minute and then they went out altogether, like someone turned off a light switch, snap, they were gone. After a couple of minutes the whole thing started again ending the same way after about thirty seconds to a minute. They were over the horizen to the north, higher than a helicopter but lower than a jet.   When I told my mother about seeing them she said they sounded very simliar to the Phoniex lights of 1997. Looking at those on the internet I can state that is exactly what I saw except these were much brighter.  Afterward the lights went out the second time  nothing else happened for about ten minutes and then I noticed helicopters from the Marine base(29 Palms) flying around the same area.;34.1499;-116.312
Two objects running in parallel lit up moving at the same speed very high up with no sound.;2010-09-03 21:30:00;4 seconds;Two objects running in parallel lit up moving at the same speed very high up with no sound. Two lights appeared from the south east at 40 degrees at a very high altitude running in parallel at the same speed.  These lights travelled at the same distance apart for about 4 seconds and then shut off. They travelled towards the north west.  There was not any noise, and the milky way galaxy nor any stars were not blocked out.;34.1499;-116.312
Extremely fast blue light changing directions before turning red and stopping and eventually blinking red. ((anonymous report));2018-03-28 22:00:00;5 minutes;Extremely fast blue light changing directions before turning red and stopping and eventually blinking red before disappearing. I was looking at the stars for a few minutes at 10 and just letting my mind wander, when I saw a blue light that was far away so that it looked like a bright star, or very distant plane.  But immediately, the blue light moved so quickly through the sky and began making sharp turns such as a backwards zee and then back down.  It went on like this for maybe 20 seconds and then it traveled some distance and stopped moving and the light became red. I watched it for a few minutes but eventually went back to get my phone as my wife and I had been texting.  When I came back out it was in the same spot but blinking.  It went on for maybe another minute, 5 minutes total max, but one of the times i looked down at my phone to text and when I looked back up it was gone.  I saw a plane fly by a few minutes later and the speed was many many times slower than the object I had just seen.  Totally random but I received my first reiki session today.  We our right next to 29 Palms Marine Base so there is that too. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.1499;-116.312
Dropping and then upward thrusting light that was previously stationary as a star,  met by another before taking off horizontally;2020-06-15 22:00:00;3 minutes;Dropping and then upward thrusting light that was previously stationary as a star,  met by another before taking off horizontally I was outside at approximately 8 or 9pm and looking out at the stars above the monument when I saw what looked like a falling star. Moments later another falling star went horizontal in the same area as the first which fell vertically. I made wishes of course and continued enjoying the night sky, when I saw what was previously a stationary star drop and then short thrust upwards 3 times, drop again and 3 short thrusts upwards, repeating this pattern approximately 6 times until it got closer to earth. I then saw another star start moving upwards towards this dropping light/star until it got close enough and the first light/star stopped for a few seconds before shooting off towards the military base in 29 Palms. Then, the second light/star went upwards into the sky and basically planted there as if it was just a star.;34.1499;-116.312
