Yellowish/Orange sphere traveling across the sky.;2012-11-07 22:30:00;5 seconds;Yellowish/Orange sphere traveling across the sky. I was sitting in my boyfriend’s car staring up at the sky listening to him talk about something and then all of a sudden I saw this circular, orange/yellow, object moving across the sky.   It lasted about five seconds and it was not a shooting star and it left sort of a trail of light behind it.   I live it the city so it’s not dark enough to see stars or shooting stars, so it had to be something else.  My first thought was that it was an airplane or helicopter but it was moving across the sky way too quickly.;44.8769;-93.2535
Orange light over Richfield, MN.;2014-04-12 21:30:00;21:30;Orange light over Richfield, MN. I was outside (having a cigarette on my cell phone, talking to a friend)  I noticed an Orange-Light object in the sky.  (I thought nothing of it) until I got off the phone.  Left alone I looked in the sky and still saw this Orange Object.  (During this time I noticed no movement)   Then it began to move...  Slowly from left to right, in a straight line.  THEN STOPPED.  It stood stationary for approx. 60 seconds then...  Was gone (the lights went out).  I have lived near an airport (most of my life) so I know what planes look like in the sky, (also I know what higher-elevated planes look like), that night after It Went Dark a plane went by near the same location, (I was able to follow the plane through the mist across the entire sky) but still the original object was not seen)   After several minutes of going in and out of the house, I saw noting.  Then approx 10 min later, I went out... THERE IT WAS...  I called for m! y mother, brother and his girlfriend...  They then all witnessed the strange 'Orange-Light' in the sky.  They witnessed this for approx. 1 to 2 minutes when it strangely 'went out' (disappeared).  Then at right about 10:15 (standard time) I was inside laying on the couch watching TV.  When out of the corner of my eye, a light or movement caught my attention.  *****It was Orange and moving across the sky!*******(I can't bold that statement)  I ran outside and saw it continue to move across our sky-line (albeit closer than before).  however, faster... Then AGAIN stopping.  Holding steady then the 'Orange-Light' going out and the object disappearing.  My family (witnesses) & can vouch, that there were no drugs or alcohol involved!  I have had people tell me this was 'many things' yet again, I am used to seeing planes and balloons in the sky...  This was different and I would a 'Lie-Detector test' to prove it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.8769;-93.2535
