DID YOU SEE WHAT I SAW??? ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Perseid meteor, we believe.  PD));2003-08-13 04:00:00;2 secs;DID YOU SEE WHAT I SAW??? TWO BIG BRIGHT LIGHTS RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER CAME FROM BEHIND A CLOUD AN FELL STRAIT DOWN TOWARD  EARTH AT A RATE FASTER THAT A SHOOTING STAR, BUT TOO CLOSE TO BE A STAR AND TOO BIG TO BE A PLANE, THERE WAS NO TAIL AND THE LIGHTS WERE SIDE BY SIDE     (* *).  I WAS STANDING INFRONT OF THE TARGET IN LAKE MARY, FL. SO THE BUILDING BLOCKED MY VISION, I WASN'T ABLE TO SEE WHAT HAPPENED AFTER THAT. I WAS 4:00A.M. SO IT WAS STILL VERY DARK. ((NUFORC Note:  The Perseid Meteor Shower peaked on the morning of August 13, 2003.  We suspect the witness may have witness two meteors enter the atmosphere, or the fragments of a single meteor that had shattered into two pieces at high altitude.  PD));28.7593999999999;-81.3511999999997
My daughter and I saw at least 50 lighted objects in the sky within 2 hours and two of these objects were very low and slow moving.;2009-02-27 21:00:00;2 hours;My daughter and I saw at least 50 lighted objects in the sky within 2 hours and two of these objects were very low and slow moving. On the evening of Feb. 27, 2009 my daughter and I were driving from the pet store on Lake Mary Blvd. to her place down Lake Emma Road in Lake Mary, FL., it was almost 9:00 pm. We noticed what looked like a very low flying aircraft, flying west to southwest, something about the way it behaved just seemed odd. It appeared to be triangular in shape, but it was difficult to really tell. It had 3 white lights. We stopped at her place to pick up a hat and then proceeded back up Lake Emma Road going north and started seeing a lot more lights that seemed rather low for planes and something about the way they were moving, while similar to a plane, was just a bit off.  The movements of the objects was smooth and steady, flying in one direction, but something just didn’t look right for a plane or helicopter. When we were on Greenway Blvd., almost to my house, we saw a larger, brighter lit object, with at least 4 bright white lights going very low and descending near the water treatment plant. This object seemed to vary in speed and almost appeared to be stationary for a short moment. We tried to follow it down the street to see where it went, but it quickly was blocked from our sight by trees. We did not hear any sounds from this object. We turned around at the library. On our way back could not locate the object we had seen several minutes earlier. When coming up the street next to ours moments later, we saw another large brightly lighted object flying very low, going west, but it to was quickly blocked from our sight by houses and trees. It appeared to be right over our neighborhood, within blocks from our house. We heard no sound from the object. The speed seemed too slow for a plane. This object looked like the object we had seen over the water treatment facility several minutes earlier. We went to my house on Whittingham Place and stood out front and out in the back yard off and on for about an hour. Over the coarse of this time frame, we saw at least 30 more lighted objects. The lights on the objects varied. Some had one or two white lights with one red blinking light. Some had only white lights, at least 2 or 3 and were blinking very fast, all at once or all at different times. Some objects had bluish-white lights with red blinking lights. There were a variety of blinking patterns and number of lights on different objects. I went out again around 10:30 pm, within 5 minutes I saw at least 12 more lighted objects, some were going southeast, some were going east, some were going west, some were going north. About half of them seemed to be flying abnormally  low. Several of them seemed to be much higher in altitude. I went out again around 11:00 pm and in one minute, saw 7 lighted objects. There were 2 objects going to the southeast and I could hear what sounded like a helicopter or small plane engine. I go out and look at the stars and moon often and have never seen this many objects  and ones that appeared to be so low or had the variety of lights and blinking patterns. I know we are about 5 to 8 miles from the Sanford Orlando Airport and are on the flight path for planes into and out of Orlando International, but I have never seen the planes flying this low in my immediate area or so many in such a short time, especially late in the evening. I am sure some of the objects were in fact airplanes, but I do not believe all of them were. I thought this was so unusual, I reported it to the Lake Mary Police, they said they would note it. It was a clear night with good weather and visibility.;28.7593999999999;-81.3511999999997
