Three bright star like objects moving across the night sky at the speed of light and stopping on a dime.;1974-10-01 21:00:00;10 Minutes;Three bright star like objects moving across the night sky at the speed of light and stopping on a dime. It was a chilly night in October, there wasn't a cloud in the sky that night.  Living in the country there were no lights on or around, thee sky was full of stars.  While I was laying on the hill on my front lawn staring up into the sky at the stars a super bright object that first appeared to be a shooting star shot across the night sky.  This object had no tail trailing it and it stopped on a dime.  It was very bright, larger and alot brighter than the north star.  This object stood out among the stars and seemed to pulse a little bit.  Seconds later two more shot across the sky one behind the other and stopped in the same location as the first light, it appeared to be in a triangular pattern.  After a few seconds these super bright star like lights sstarted shooting across the sky as if the were following one another.  The speed was incredible, they would move from the western portion of the sky to the eastern portion in a spilt second and each would stop on a dime.  After a couple of minutes it appeared as if the came closer to the earth because they increased in size and the bright white light became more intence.  After zipping around for a few minutes each object zipped off towards the eastern skyline following one another and vanished in a split second.  I layed there for a couple of minutes to see if they would come back, they did, as fast as they disappeared that had returned.  They were shooting all over the sky as if they were playing some kind of game, after a few more minutes they seemed to shoot off into space because they did not travel across the night sky the way they had been.  Needless to some I tell the story to this day and people laugh about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));40.7881;-74.675
