unreported object hovered over river for approx. 15 min. and no one talks about it, no reports in the newspapers;1973-08-15 19:00:00;approx. 15 min.;unreported object hovered over river for approx. 15 min. and no one talks about it, no reports in the newspapers I had been at a gas station when all of a sudden everything went dark, the gas pumps stopped working, and everyone in that area seemed to be drawn to the Delaware River bridge that separated N.J. from Pa. All the motorists on the bridge were out of their cars staring at this large round object hovering over the river between this free bridge and the toll bridge which are approx. 2 blocks apart.The engines of the cars seemed to have stopped running. This object seemed to have been gaining energy from the water, as the longer it hovered there just above the water, the more intense the lights were that seemed to surround it. I do not remember anyone saying anything or talking as we all were staring at this unknown item. I noticed that the traffic had stopped on the toll bridge as well, the motorists had exited their cars and were standing along the railing there trying to absorb what they were seeing. It's as though time had stood still, I am assuming that we were there for at least 15 minutes, when all of a sudden the lights grew very bright and it was gone, poof, raised itself right out from between the bridges and was gone. Afterward, I was like in a trance as I do believe the rest of the witnesses were, I don't remember anyone saying anything, just everyone getting into their cars and leaving as though nothing had happened. The gas jockey asked me what I thought it was, and I told him I was afraid to answer. I was 18 years old at the time and normally would have met friends, however, I drove straight home and told my mother what it was that I saw and how the people around me looked and acted like zombies, myself included, like I said, we were drawn to the rail of the bridge to just watch. There was never anything mentioned in the newspaper about this sighting, but I recently was talking about it to a fellow employee and she remembered driving down the highway that same time and year when she saw something strange ahead of her in the sky. She said it looked at first as though it were a cloud, but it mo! ved too fast and was gone in an instant. I cannot believe that no one else has reported this sighting, especially since there were so many people standing on the bridges staring at this thing. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.7079;-75.1507000000001
