Multiple ufo;2013-07-29 23:00:00;60;Multiple ufo I have been seeing these ufos since i was a kid, I have been studying them for years. I was just listening to coast to coast am and heard a call in from syracuse ny from pretty much the exact same thing is ee. A light will appear pretty big but here is the weird thing I think they are on to me watching them because, I have gotten binoculars and cameras and if i try to look close the light will go out in a snap of a finger and disappear and reappear if i wave they disappear.  i have seen these lights go as low as a tree lines and i have see them move diagonal now planes dont move in this direction. Here is the weirdest experience i have had one summer mornign it was about 6:30 am and in the summer you know how it is bright summer morning well i took the dog out and i went out with my binoculars behind my house is a huge farming field.  Well I went out there with my binoculars looked and the light went out, when the light was out i saw a little like black ship.  It disappeared out of the sky in like a split second and reappeared in another part of the sky it was the most messed up thing i have ever seen.  Another time it was the middle of winter and all these accounts have my dad and my wife as witnesses. My wife and I took the dog for a walk and we were coming up the back of the field to my yard and above my house a light like a circular light was sitting above my roof with spinning colors red blue and green spinning reall y fast by the time I got to the house it was already gone we were scared out of our minds. Another time we were outside in the back yard its fenced in for the dog and it was pitch black all of a sudden the dog started flipping out and in the top of the trees was a light and a rustle need less to say i didnt stay out there. My wife thought when we were first started dating that i was makin all these stories up and i was like you just wait it will come one day.  We were pulling out the driveway in our car and i said there it is a bright light and it sat there and move in diagonal angles and she broke out in tears and said oh my god they are real. This has been going on my whole life i have seen these, when we first moved into the house i was 15 and it was the first night i was there my window faced the field and in the field i saw the bright light didnt think anything of it at the time but then it started occuring all the time. I would like to talk to you personally and share all my experiences because I have alot more then i can type and i want to know if anyone has reported stuff disappearing in a flash and gone within seconds that is what has always puzzled me my email is mfenton@displaydevelopment.com if you want to speak further. There has also been other times where there will be one light and suddenly it will blink into two or three and then disappear ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.0913;-78.1716
