Lights at night, shining into car and garage and around blinds;2008-10-10 02:00:00;5 min;Lights at night, shining into car and garage and around blinds Was at my niece's house, out in the south area of North Branch, MN. They live north of Stacy and South of North Branch proper, approximately half-way between. Just a mile or so east of Highway 35. They live out in the country. Woke up sometime during early morning hours on Oct 10, 2008 or late Oct 9, 2008. Around the edges of my front window blinds seemed very light and I thought it was morning. I looked at the blinds from bed for a minute or so. I fell back asleep, woke up some time later to see that all was dark outside, so it was obviously not morning. Looked out my side window blind to see one patch of what looked like fog about 50 ft away in the brush. I was curious about the light I had seen earlier, so I peeked out the front blinds. Saw a single bright diamond-shaped light suspended about 10 ft above my car, shining inside the front windshield. I watched it for about 30 seconds. Couldn't tell if there was any object there as my niece's garage was blocking my view where I couldn't see anything else but the light. I got up and walked in the dark to the large windows upstairs, but the light was gone. I went down to the front door and noticed light coming out from around the door that leads into the garage. The garage door seemed to be moving or making noise. I was frightened so ran back down into my bedroom and locked the door. Was able to eventually go back to sleep - not believing this incident was real I guess. I swear I was awake through all of this. I asked my nephew-in-law the next morning if they have motion-sensor lights on their garage they don't. He said he was up during the night but if I remember right he said he had not been in the garage.;45.5116;-92.9816
Large bright reddish light ejecting 8 identical projectiles towards the ground then disappearing.;2018-12-10 20:47:00;~3 minutes;Large bright reddish light ejecting 8 identical projectiles towards the ground then disappearing Large bright solid reddish yellow light moving west to east.  Light ejected projectiles in groups of 2 towards the ground that looked like the end of a meteor when it fizzles out 4 times for a total of 8 identical projectiles then just disappeared,  not flares no sound and too low to be a commercial airliner.  Tried to take video but didnt turn out.;45.5116;-92.9816
