The shape was a dark sharp triangle that made no noise and seemed transparent from directly below.;1988-01-15 23:00:00;10 minutes;The shape was a dark sharp triangle that made no noise and seemed transparent from directly below. Very large black triangle against a clear night sky with a new moon. Looked like a large bird soaring over refractory palnt with lights on it. As it got closer it was a large, black triangle.Against the sky it was black, darker than the sky and looked see through as though it were glass. It had stars in it but not quite the same as the sky. Made no noise headed straight north over a corn feild. Moved very slow. It looked over 200 feet wide. as it went noth it seemed to look more solid and not see through again. Saw no flashing lights or any other markings just looked dark at a distance and see through from below.  Back then I thought it was a Stealth Bomber but since then I have seen a Stealth bomber, they are not squared off like what I saw and are very noisey. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.2938;-91.4913
Large black triangle, that made no noise and seemed transperant when looking up at it but solid and dark at a distance.;1989-06-01 22:00:00;30 minutes;Large black triangle, that made no noise and seemed transperant when looking up at it but solid and dark at a distance. I was out star gazing with my telescope in January during a new moon waiting for the frost to clear off the lens.  Across the street behind the row of houses is a large building (a refractory) a parking lot is between the road and the houses and has lighting in the parking lot.  Not very much light gets behind the houses it is still very dark and perfect for using telescope.  Behind the houses it is farmland While I waited I saw what looked like a large dark bird over the building.  As it got closer a largeer it was a very dark triangle, like very dark glass , see through moving over the  street and the houses.  I estimated the width to be at least 200 feet as it covered five lots as it passed.  It made no noise had no flashing lights or any lights that I was.  But looking up at it it was darker than the sky and seemed to have stars in it as though I was looking through it at the night sky.  I watched it go out over the field behind me, it made no noise or disturbance at all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));39.2938;-91.4913
