Sightings/Multiple witnesses;1969-06-15 06:00:00;20 minutes;Sightings/Multiple witnesses My mother and I had just returned from the grocery store. I had gotten out of the car first, and was heading toward the house, when I turned back to see if my mother was behind me. I looked up a bit and saw a large craft, floating silently in the sky. It was round in shape but had a raised section in the center. The section had angled sides and a flat top. I yelled out to my mother, who came over and stood next to me while we watched and discussed it. I had the impression that it was quite big. It was floating what I think was about 6000-8000 feet above a very tall tree that was there, which helped me get perspective on it. There was nothing unclear about it. Over the next 10-15 minutes the sun began to set, we were entering into twilight, and some light clouds started moving in. At that time, the fire alarm for the town, which was a few blocks away, started sounding, but instead of just doing so several times, it just kept sounding, over and over again, without stopping. I spotlight appeared in the sky, which was scanning all around the area where the craft was. We speculated that other people must have seen it, and that they were probably trying to find it with the spotlight. It was frustrating, because they came close to it a few times, but missed it. At that time, I left my mother there and ran inside to get my father. He was a pilot in the navy, and had experience with observing aircraft. By the time I got him up and outside, the craft was gone. My mother said that it took off so fast that she wasn’t sure which direction it went in. She told me a few years later, before she died, that it had actually vanished, and that she was so stunned by having seen it that she said it took off instead. She was afraid that if the said that it had simply disappeared, everyone would think she was crazy, or that she made it up, because in her and everyone else’s mind, huge objects, especially ones found floating in the sky, do not just disappear. I told many people about this at the time, but found out very quickly that very few people would believe me, and that the one’s who didn’t would ridicule me. It was frustrating, but after a while I just stopped talking about it. The only thing that made anyone realize that I was telling the truth is that I was with my mother when it happened, and she was a very honest, rock-solid person. Any time the subject of UFO’s came up in our presence, we would just look at each other and sort of roll our eyes. We knew what we saw. The second sighting I had was with five other people. We were outside during the summer, on a hot night. Our family friend, Mr. M, pointed out what he thought was a satellite, moving across the sky. We (me, my sister, mother, father, Mr. M and another young friend) were standing in our driveway watching it, and talking about satellites. But when it came to a certain point, it suddenly stopped, right next to a second light of approximately the same size and brightness. We were all quite surprised, since as far as I know, satellites don’t stop like that. It stayed in that position for a few minutes, and then came the big shocker – the second light simply disappeared, as if someone turned off a switch. A few seconds later, the first light continued across the night sky, and over the horizon. I had one more sighting, in the summer of 1973. I was alone, in my bedroom, at the rear of the house. I was lying in bed, when I saw lights coming from above the house. There was no sound at all. When I pulled the curtain back, I could see a triangular shaped craft, but it was hard to see, because it was 10-11 at night, and very dark. There were lights on bottom that were strongly colored. I believe they were primary colors: red, a bluish color and a yellowish one. These lights were in groups of three and seemed to be rotating, on the bottom of the craft. It seemed to be hovering VERY low – maybe 200-300 feet. I was frightened, because it was so close, and my parents were out, so I was alone. It was all over in a minute. It moved on, heading north, over the house. I few minutes later, I went outside to see if I could still see it, but it was gone. At that time, a helicopter with no lights hovered over the house at a low altitude for 1-2 minutes, and then flew off in the same direction that the craft had. It was quite loud. These sightings were in Islip, NY, between approximately 1969/1970 and 1973. I know you don’t want names, but I would like you to know that I would gladly take a polygraph, or testify about this in any forum. I think a lot of people have sightings but are afraid to tell anyone, for fear of ridicule. I didn’t tell anyone about these experiences for years, for that reason.  Thanks-  Mr. G  (my new code name) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.7325528301887;-73.2183396226416
