Series of Green Blue Red White lights spherical or triangular formation SE of Portage la Prairie, Manitoba Canada;2004-10-10 03:50:00;20minutes;Series of Green Blue Red White lights spherical or triangular formation SE of Portage la Prairie, Manitoba Canada Between the hours of 3:40 and 4:10 am, on Sunday October 10th, 2004, I let my dog outside for bathroom break in our backyard.   I waited for my dog to do it's business and happened to glance up in a SE direction at the skies directly above my neighbor's tree, and happened to notice a series of lights floating or hovering at at pproximately 3500 ft, tor possibly higher, the shape of the object seemed to change from spherical to triangular.  There were four lights associated with the object, the dominant ones being, green , red, and blue, and the less dominant one being white.   There seemed to be a aura or haze around the lights, but I did'nt have my glasses on so it could have been my eyes.   The weather was mild but quite windy , I think too windy for a helicopter to be hovering in one spot at that altitude for that length of time.   The area was very quiet.  Portage la Prairie is approximately 5-8 miles from an ex military base which was converted to a private flight training  facility for training of  military pilots back in late 90s.   On Sunday afternoon, I contacted Southport, and asked to speak to flight control operations at the airport, it was revealed that flight operations was shut down for the holiday weekend and there was no flights or flight training taking place at the airport over the weekend.  I went to look for a disposbale digital camera but they were expired.  I went to use my video camera but my battery was dead.   There was no noise associated with the lights, helicopters from the base are usually audible from where I live when flying at that approximate altitutde,  I came back every so often to check if the lights were still there, at approximately 4:10am they had either moved off into the distance or were gone as I did not seem them as clearly as I had when I first noticed them.   I had not been sleeping that night.  I also had trouble getting my dog in the house, because  he was sick from too much Thanksgiving Turkey, and was grazing on the grass in the backyard  and did'nt want to come in, which is unusual in itself as he is normally onedient and comes when you call him.;49.969;-98.2946
