HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Possible Elk Mutilation  ((NUFORC Note:  Mystery may have been solved at this writing.  PD));2003-11-28 15:00:00;on going;Possible Elk Mutilation Hello Brian. I have enjoyed your articles on Rense, and thought perhaps you would be interested in my story, or could point me to someone who would care to investigate.  I live about 10 miles east of Cloudcroft, New Mexico, in a rural subdivision bordered by the Lincoln National Forest. On Nov. 28, 2003 at about 1pm I was walking my Akita Nikki in the National Forest and came upon a dead elk laying in a shallow ravine. The elk was no more than 200 yards from our subdivision, and perhaps half a mile from my house. There is a substantial elk population in the area, and sightings are not unusual. The dead elk was a small one, the length of which from chest to rear end perhaps 4 feet, and weighing maybe 400-600 pounds. Rigor mortis was full and complete. There was no apparent bloating. Nor was there any evidence the elk had been gutted by a hunter, as there was no apparent longitudinal incision on the lower abdomen/chest area. The head had been removed, as if cut from the body right where the neck joins the body, and the vertebrae stuck out from the cut area about 6 inches or so, ending in a smoothly sliced vertebrae. So far one would suspect a trophy hunter possibly who just killed for the head to mount on their wall, eh? However, I believe this elk to be much too small to have had any significant antlers (maybe no antlers at all).  Now for the really interesting part. As you can see by the photo I am sending you, the rectum of this elk has been smoothly cored out. Further, the genitals have been removed, and there is no obvious way to tell the sex of this animal. The removal of the genitals could be attributable to animals perhaps (we have mountain lions and bears, as well as coyotes) as the removal does not appear  to have been in such a clean, surgical fashion upon my limited observation. I will allow you to draw your own conclusions.  You may reach me via email, or at (deleted by HBCC UFO) for any further info I failed to give you. I will be happy to assist further in any way, plus provide additional photos. Also, if it will lend credence to this situation, I am a former Federal investigator, as my wife was also. The elk is carcass is still on site for investigation.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Brian Vike for sharing the report.  He apprised our Center on December 02, 2003, that a person with experience in these matters has examined the animal's carcass, and found that a rib had penetrated the abdominal cavity.  The wounds may be attributable to predation.  We will update here again.  PD));32.8896;-105.6701
