They talked to me as a child.;1973-10-15 18:00:00;2 min.;They talked to me as a child. I know this happened a long time ago but I have just found this site and wanted to tell my story anyway. I was 12 and lived in the small Tn. town of Englewood. I had been riding a motorcycle most of the day, just following a path on my Grandparents small farm. I was tired and went in to lay down for a little bit before supper. I don't know if I fell asleep or not? I don't think I did. I opened my eyes and looked out the window. There hovering above the trees was what I only knew of as a flying saucer. The only way I knew what it was, was from what I had seen on buggs and roadrunner cartoons. By the way we only got 2 tv channels back then. I jumped up and went to the window. Then I went tearing out of the house to see it, while screaming for my Grandmother to come look. I still remember my exact words(Grandma! Grandma! you got to come see this), I ran out from under the trees to get a better look. It was just hovering there at the tree tops not making a sound. Then just as if someone was standing right by my side I heard a voice say to me (you are not supposed to see this). I never felt so much fear in my young life. Then as my Grandma exited the house and was coming toward me it just raised up about 50 feet and shot off like a bullet. I will never forget telling her that I knew she would not beleive me. But to my suprise she said she did, because she had herself several years before that. This has haunted me for years and changed my life forever. I could no longer beleive in the biblical things my Grandmother had always taught me. At age 25 I tried hypno therapy. I went 8 times but could never get pasted what I could remember already. The guy said it was too tramatic for me to remember. But he learned me some relaxation techniques. I later learned I had been abducted many times as a child and lots of things came together for me. I just wanted to share this and say that no matter what anybody might say about UFO's they are real and so are the grays. Thanks for leting me get this out. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.4257;-84.4777
