5 pix of a red ball in the sky.;2013-11-10 16:30:00;5 minutes;5 pix of a red ball in the sky. I don't know if this will be of much use since I didn't see anything when I was taking the pictures and want to send them but my limited knowledge of the computer prevents me from sending them from my cell phone. My husband and I were driving home from Oroville, Calif., nearing the Beale AFB exit going south on Hwy. 70.  It was a clear sunny afternoon on Sunday, Nov. 10. around 4:30-5:00 and the sun was setting.  I often take pix of the sunset and was taking some of this one.   After the 5th picture I had taken, I glanced at my phone to see if the last one came out clearly and saw a red ball shaped object on it.  I went into my picture file to check it and the previous 4 pix and saw this same red ball on all five of the pictures but in different positions and when you zoom in on them you can see a dark line in the middle of the ball.  I thought at first maybe some type of reflection on the window since I was taking a picture of the sun which was directly to the west.  It was a bit chilly with a few cirrus clouds and the window was up.  When I looked at the last picture it showed a very definitive football shaped pinkish haze around the red ball.  If it weren't for this last picture I would chalk it up to something on the window, except possibly the different positions the ball is in on each photo.  They're actually quite good and not just a speck in the sky. I want to send the pix in but don't know how to send them from my phone to your website or how to get them onto my computer from my phone.  I'm a bit of a imbecile when it comes to stuff like that.  I can send them easily through a text message, but don't suppose that's possible on your end Peter as I'm sure you have enough to do with this website without having to deal with text messages also.   If I could get any assistance with this, I'd be grateful and more than happy to get these pictures to you.;39.0854;-121.5444
