At first glance, it looked like a plane, we realized that it wasn't moven, but dancing in place with rainbow lights radiating off of it;2006-04-05 22:15:00;30 minutes, and counting;At first glance, it looked like a plane, we realized that it wasn't moven, but dancing in place with rainbow lights radiating off of it At first glance, it looked like a plane to the south of my home, but as we watched closer, we realized that it wasn't moving, it was dancing with red, white, blue lights, with white extending from it. We then looked at it with binoculars, and noticed that it was a saucer. It had the rainbow affect to it, as if you were to hold an etched crystal to the sun. Further looking, we saw green lights on the side, spinning so fast the lights looked like they stood still. It faded in and out several times, then proceeded to radiate multi colored lights from the bottom (hence the rainbow affect) Pink, green, blue, purple, red, yellow, orange, and white. When, a plane flew under it, red was the promenint color. It was going from horizontal and tilting up enough to see the back, to almost vertical. After about fifteen minutes of the dancing, it moved quickly in a western direction. While none of the stars have shifted!;47.0231;-122.2886
Flashing bright white light with no noise in the lower sky for twenty five minutes. it hoovered.;2013-10-28 18:30:00;25 minutes;flashing bright white light with no noise in the lower sky for twenty five minutes. it hoovered. I was getting out of bath noticed a bright flashing white light in the lower sky.  I watched it for about two minutes to see if it came closer or flew away but did not.  I opened window to see if it made noise. It was completely quite.  My daughter and i went out the front door to see it and to see if it made sound.  It didnt so she ran in got my phone.  We took some pictures and video.  My daughter went to a neighbors house so he could use his google star map to see if it was a star or planet.  It was neither.  We watched it for about ten minutes outside before it disappeared.  While watching it you could see it flash.  The photos were taken from a distance on my cell phone.;47.0231;-122.2886
