triangle of stars???????;2003-07-05 00:13:00;2 minutes;triangle of stars??????? mi nombre es ((name deleted)). sucedio despues de los fireworks,yo y 3 personas mas nos sentamos junto al fuego en el backyard,a conversar. de repente mire al cielo y vi un conjunto de 3 estrellas,que formaban un triangulo...nunca habia visto 3 estrellas moverse en conjunto en una misma direcccion formando un triangulo. en medio de estas 3 estrella se podia ver..que esa area era mas oscura que el cielo de fondo.como si fuera alguna clase de sombra,podia ver como olas demas estrellas desaparecian al paso de estas 3 luces(estrellas). afortunadamente mis amigos entre los que esta una chica de 13 anos vieron esa figura. ok...si alguien sabe del tema puede explicarme si es posible que 3 estrellas forme un triangulo y viajen en la misma direccion formando una delta en el cielo. he visto estrella moverse...y hasta creo que son satelites orbitando..pero sera posible que tres satelites en formacion delta viajen a la misma direccion y auna velocidad notable.he escuchado sobre ovnis..y haora me llama la atencion ..si alguien puede explicarme cientificamente la posibilida que satelites orbiten nuestro planeta formando un triangulo viajando de north to south..por favor escribame a ((e-address deleted)) please. ((NUFORC Note:  We have requested a translation of the text above.  We believe the witness may have observed what are thought to be three satellites, which periodically are launched by the U. S. Navy, and which orbit the Earth for several weeks, maintaining their positions relative to one another quite precisely.  PD));47.0231;-122.2886
Small triangle craft with lights observed hovering above tree top outside of home.;2008-01-18 23:00:00;one minute;Small triangle craft with lights observed hovering above tree top outside of home. This was an account given to me this evening by my daughter as we were at a restaurant eating dinner. She has no interest in UFO's and is a typical 13 year old liking shopping and Hannah Montana. I am a pure skeptic myself but she rarely is untruthful and I can always tell.  In my opinion she was not lying nor would she have a reason to be untruthful.  Here is what I can remember from our conversation. She was in bed last weekend which would be around the 20th of January I guess and it was around 11 PM at night. She heard a large gush of wind and looked out her bedroom window. She then witnessed a triangular shaped craft hovering just above a tree in the front of her house. She said it was five feet away but from her description it was more then likely about twenty feet away from her window. It apparently made no noise other then the initial gushing from its decent.  She drew a picture of it on her napkin and it is a standard triangle with little lights making the triangle form on the bottom and one larger light in the center of it.  I asked her why she did not go get her mom or grab her camera but she stated I couldn't take my eyes off of it. It kind of made me stay there. Which I take is that it mesmerized her in some way.  As I said she knows nothing about UFO's but I have seen a few programs on the History channel discussing the triangle craft sightings so I got pretty interested as it was a near perfect description of the footage seen on those shows. I asked her how big it was and she tried describing the size. The best I can come up with is an estimate and it was not very big. Maybe twenty feet long and able to hold two people max.  I asked her what it was doing and she stated it was hovering over the tree top. She said she blinked her eyes and it was gone disappeared.  This event occurred in Graham WA in the area between Highway 7 and Meridian St which is still rural and heavily wooded. It is funny because just a few weeks ago, in our local paper, they had an article on Dennis Kucinich UFO sighting and they said it occurred at Shirley McClain's home in... Graham WA.  Again, I do not believe in aliens and personally I think this is the next stealth fighter of its age and will be unveiled soon. For decades people reported the Stealth as an alien spacecraft until it lost its top secret status. The same thing will happen for the triangle crafts and I cannot wait as this technology is astounding.  This account does not end here either and this is where I started to wonder if she was making this all up. She said she saw the craft again the next night! She had a sleep over at her friends (they live four miles away) so that would make the first account happening last Friday for the record. So on Saturday they get into her friends parents hot tub outside and she sees the craft again off in the distance about one hundred yards away. Her friends who thought she was crazy before saw it to and it simply descended from the top of the trees downward toward the ground and out of sight.  This account was given to me two hours ago by my daughter and is accurate. I believe she saw the craft both instances and that McChord airforce base, which is near by, is performing tests on the triangle aircraft in Graham, Washington as we speak.  If you need more info or need me to speak with her again for more detail let me know as this is all I have.;47.0231;-122.2886
boomerang UFO flying low over Graham, WA.;2009-05-26 01:00:00;10 minutes;boomerang UFO flying low over Graham, WA. At approximately 1:30 am on May 26th my brother inlaw and our two lady friends were returning from a date.  We were headed east on 224th street when I noticed three very bright lights close together,(not blinking) closing in quite fast from a very long distance away.  At first it appeared to be a plane as it came nearer to the tree line but then it slowed to almost a stop and began drifting, a kind of a crab walk, with no sound, across the road about 200 feet above us.  We are stopped at this point and I and the front passenger are hanging out the window watching is pass over.  It became clear that this was no plane, nor helicopter, and was larger than most planes that fly that low in this area.  As we watched in disbelief, the object began to turn slightly as if to change its direction, but stopped instead.  I could clearly make out the almost boomerang shape, with lights at each corner lighting up each corners relative direction.   Its top apeared to be totally flat.  Below the craft looked like three enlogated footballs molded seamlessly to eachother and to the bottom of the ship. The center shape was glowing a dull blue, and had three evenly spaced small blue lights on its bottom.   At this point the craft is hovering right over the top of a small housing developement, only illuminating the surrounding sky along side of it and emitting a blue glow to the tops of the houses.  4 or five minutes passed and another vehicle was headed the opposite direction and also slowed to have a look.  The object then began to move in its original direction rather slow, before picking up enough speed to disappear in a matter of seconds.  I cannot believe what we had whitnessed, as I have lived in this area for over 22 years.  This was not of this world.;47.0231;-122.2886
Observed via a photo a triangle of lights that revealed some sort of space craft  when enlarged;2010-07-15 23:00:00;20 mins;Observed via a photo a triangle of lights that revealed some sort of space craft  when enlarged During a clear night I was photgraphing, with a digital camera, the moon during a lunar eclipse event! I was planning on using a good colorfull shot of the moon coming out of the eclipse, for  use on my laptop as wallpaper. I used my camera's tripod to get a good steady picture.  I took the camera's flash card & downloaded the photos to my laptop & pulled up the 1st photo when I noticed something there that I did not notice while tsking the shot! I could see a triangle of 3 white lights to the left & below the moon.  I thought it was most likely an aircraft except that there was no bluring of the image indicating movement! I decided to use the available imaging software to enlarge & enhance the image. To my astonishment as I slowly enlarged the image, it became some kind of vehicle like I had never seen before. It was actualy a sphere with two apparent round apperatures/windows attached to a long cylindrical body that ended with three long angular arms with a light on each arm! I showed the photo images to my wife & eventualy family members & various friends!  My son recommended that I send copies to the newspaper & Mufon. I sent an E-Mail to our paper The Seattle Times offering to send them a DVD copy. They did not respond at all. I contacted Mufon on line & received a response from one of their local reps who asked me to foreward the DVD to him.  I then received an e-mail multipage inquiry directly from Mufon's headquarters that included a multitude of related questions to my sighting. The questions were so lengthy & repetitious & un-related that I just gave up trying to finish them & just closed the site down. I have not attempted to go any further with this siteing report untill now, as I was watching a History Channel special about UFO's! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.0231;-122.2886
We saw ten small lights that ended up forming a triangle that stayed in the sky for ten minutes than just left.;2012-07-04 22:00:00;15 minutes;We saw ten small lights that ended up forming a triangle that stayed in the sky for ten minutes than just left. During the fourth of july my family saw ten small lights in the sky line up,  some of the lights suddenly left, and the rest formed a triangle.  We have it on cell phone and we live near Fort Lewis MCcord and know what military aircraft look and sound like.  This was weird and nobody has seen anything like what we saw.;47.0231;-122.2886
