disk shaped object, low whine , 6 flashing orange lights, 3 front, 3 back;2006-09-01 08:20:00;5 min.;disk shaped object, low whine , 6 flashing orange lights, 3 front, 3 back I always go to my mothers for my lunch break while im at work, because she watches my daughter and this way i spend my lunch with her, besides, my work is only about 5 min away from my mothers.  This particular night, as i was leaving my mothers second floor apartment,on her back porch,(10 ft high)my daughter was comming out to tell me goodbye, i happened to see out of the corner of my eye, a very unusual light comming from the west. It was kind of far away, and i at first thought it to be a plane, but there was no sound yet, and its color was a brillant, bluish/white. It flew towards the southwest(to our left) slowly across the sky. By this time, my mother had planned on walking the dog, and she came out and saw it.It moved so very slow, almost like a plane that was coasting,it seemed too big to be moving that slow to me, especially with no wind currents or sound. Then , it turned east in a path directly towards us. We kept watching, and slowly, very slowly, it moved increasingly forward and got about 20 ft away before i could hear it. It was atype of jet engine sound i would say, that is, it had a whine like a jet, but this whine was a very low pitched whine, thats the only way i can describe it.Now its even more desturbing to me, because even though i can hear some sort of engine, it was still too quiet. The engine whine did not match to either the slow speed, or the size. This thing seemed to float in the dark sky. Now that it was about to go over the top of the house, i tryed to make out quickly the shape of the thing before it was gone. For the life of me, i could see no shape in the middle.It just had three lights spanning the front, and three spanning the back. It seemed that between the center of these lights, the shape, or craft moved, i could see something wobbling. Another thing is, when it turned to cross over the top of the house, it didnt turn like a plane, based on the movement of the lights, it seemed to lay on its side, then turn, then lay flat again. All the lights ! blinked in unison, which i knew was wrong from the start, and they were all the same color. For a split second, i thought it might be a blimp, but it moved faster than a blimp, and more jerky and irratic.The sound waves didnt seem to reach the ground like a regular jet does, the whine was up with the craft.Ive talked to a vietnam vet that i work with, and he told me that because a jet cant fly, it has to keep a constant speed of 175mph to stay in the air. This thing cralled.As i drove back to work(east)i looked for the continuance of its path, but it was gone. Later at work i realised that i was so worried about getting a look at the shape that i didnt even see what color the lights were, when i got back from work, i asked my mother, she said orange. The next day, my daughter(13) and i were talking about it, and i mentioned that i asked my mother about the color and what she said, and my daughter agreed. I told her i was upset that i couldnt see a definate shape, and she said she saw it, and it was a disk.  These statements are absolute truth and i would be willing to take a polygraph.;41.2723;-75.8887
