Large Orange Hazy Glowing Circular Orb Moved E to West over Streamwood, Il. (prob. O'hare Airport  too);2009-07-04 23:01:00;15SEC;Large Orange Hazy Glowing Circular Orb Moved E to West over Streamwood, Il. (prob. O'hare Airport  too) Orange Circular Hazy Glowing object floated across the sky at about the level of the aircraft landing and taking off from O’Hare airport. DEFINITELY NOT A PLANE, Helicopter nor Blimp  No blinking lights just solid orange round hazy orb (large as in the size of a plane or helicopter) It traveled steadily from almost direct east to west (more like from SE to NW I guess) Like it would have had to go over O’Hare.  It was not going much faster than an airplane coming into and going out of O’Hare at takeoff or landing.  Cant be sure if no sound because fireworks in neighborhood. My friend and I (both in the accounting profession) were sitting at fire pit enjoying evening.  What was surprising was that it was so low it caught our attention right away.  We both watched as it just steadily went along.  No abrupt movements. It actually could have been taken as a normal flying object, nothing spectacular but for the shape, color and no outlines seen at all. Another plane was actually coming in (to O’Hare) just to the south of the orb and at maybe the same height.  That pilot had to have seen it!  And, all night we could plainly and clearly see all other planes (their shapes, outlines, lights etc) without question. So, we are quite perplexed at what this was.  I’m sorry if report seems scattered, I’m very excited because this is only the second time I have witnesses something this unusual and have been fortunate to have a witness so I don’t feel like I’m just crazy or seeing things. I'm sure you will have many reports on this because it was 4th of July evening and many people had to be outside. Thank you for having a sounding board for this sort of thing because it is kind of embarrassing and intimidating to report such things.  And it is nice to have a place to go and see if others saw it to confirm it more so.  Or maybe get a sane worldly explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.0221;-88.1705
