Thunder like noise and small light;2009-07-20 00:00:00;1 minute;Thunder like noise and small light   I was just about to go to bed when my boyfriend was setting the alarm clock and for some weird reason the alarm didnt want to give any stations thinking ok maybe the boys did it or had it am i then told him that to check it then all of a suddan we heard a thunder like rubbling noise and we thought it was going to rain but then he said maybe it's a plane i replied thats not a plain noise that loud near the house unless it was about to crash, so he turned the tv off fan off and lights and we looked out the window, then we seen a light like a star light but going up and up like futher away, and then just went away he then tried to put his alarm on again and the stations were back to normal!!!!! Weird but dont bother me really lol i know we cant be the only form of life you know?;42.0221;-88.1705
Red Light, no sound, Moves from SW to NNE,  below low clouds, 10-15Sec then disappeared.;2010-07-04 23:00:00;5-10 Secs;Red Light, no sound, Moves from SW to NNE,  below low clouds, 10-15Sec then disappeared. I saw a, steadily Red, glowing light/object in the SW sky heading from SW to N-NE. (more north I think)  No other lights on the object that I could see.   Moving at speed of an airplane but no sound, no “structure” seen, no blinking/flashing lights and if I recall correctly it was just below the overcast/clouds it may have been “reflecting a bit” off of them.   It was definitely low in the sky at height of planes I often see going into O’Hare. Time Lapse  Aprox 10-15 Secs.    Aprx. Time: 11pm well after fireworks. I was standing looking around in the sky at the stars, planes etc.  I had a set of binoculars around my neck (which I occasionally do now when observing the night sky).  This object caught my attention as I happened to be looking SW.  I kept looking with my bare eyes as it traveled closer towards me (initially dismissing it as probable helicopter or plane). When I still couldn’t make it out, I took two steps forward , looked down to grab the binoculars and sit (so I could steady my hands) to get closer view…………but, in the few seconds it took to look down, grab binocs and glance back up…while trying to feel for the chair………it disappeared.  No where to be found as I continued to pan the sky and recapture it. Now, I was with one other person who did NOT see the object because it disappeared before I made any comment about it.   Even though I was VERY curious about the object, I  kind of “blew it off”  thinking, no way this happens two years in a row, it must have been legit craft and went into the clouds when I diverted my gaze. 2 Years in a row?  That’s a weird part of this occurrence.  The same thing happened last year (and I reported it on this site then -you can view it there) July 4th 2009.  At about same time/diff trajectory.  But,  in 2009 the color and appearance was more like a Hazy Orange glowing basketball/orb- more definitively round with an entirely fuzzy glow emitting from the object itself.  Now-In 2010 the object was definitely Red and I don’t think I would describe it as purely “round” NOR as having a “hazy” glow……any ambient glow was more of a steady “reflection off clouds” this time. Sorry my facts aren’t exact.  As mentioned, I wasn’t going to post this as I find it rather odd that, (1) It happened on Independence Day when millions would likely be looking to the skies.  And (2) Similar events happen two years in a row?  This does not change what I saw – either year --without a doubt.  But, It makes me suspicious that somebody might be pulling off a big hoax/scam/trick somehow….or, some manmade flying thing makes the same trip every year on the 4th?  There were many sightings last year too. I decided to post my observation after I went into your site to see, by chance, if anyone else saw what I saw and was surprised to see one other Streamwood, IL. report. Plus many others elsewhere.  I hope you can investigate this somehow to see if there is an “earthly” answer.  Next year on 4th maybe you can send out trained spotters in Midwest with good equipment?  Last comment:  I found the July 4th 2009 Orange Hazy Glowing Ball much more disturbing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.0221;-88.1705
A light I have never seen before in that area.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a celestial body?  PD));2015-03-11 23:30:00;23:30 till present time 0;A light I have never seen before in that area. At about 11:30pm on 03/11/2015 I heard a high pitched noise above my house.  A noise I've never heard before.   So I looked in the way I heard it was going and I saw a bright light in the sky.  It's a clear night tonight and I've never seen a light that bright or stay in that spot before.   My current position is 42°1'25N, 88°12'2W.  It's in my vision of anywhere from 220° SW-230° SW.   As I'm writing this it is now 12:13am 03/12/2015 and the light object seems to slowly move more west. Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of a celestial body?  PD));42.0221;-88.1705
