Oval Formation of 8 or 9 Bright White and Red Lights - Then Object changed position so only 3 Lights Visible - Streamwood, IL;2007-07-28 20:24:00;10-15 seconds;Oval Formation of 8 or 9 Bright White and Red Lights - Then Object changed position so only 3 Lights Visible - Streamwood, IL On July 28, 2007, I was in Streamwood, IL standing in my friend's street around 8:24 p.m.  I looked up into the sky (east towards Chicago) and saw a formation of lights shaped like an oval moving in coordination from the left of the horizon to the right.  There must have been 8 or 9 lights - bright white and some red - creating the oval formation.  I was in disbelief of what I saw and called my friends over to look.  Two of my friends came to my side and they too saw the formation of lights. Just after my friends arrived, the object changed its position and we could now only see three lights – still moving in coordination--until the object flew out of our sight.  A third friend had joined our side and saw the object with only the three light formation.  We were all astonished by what we had just seen, and we kept staring upward to see if the object would reappear.  The object did not pop back out however, we do believe we saw the object hovering behind some trees that were on the right of the horizon, as we would sometimes catch a glimpse of the bright lights moving up and down. I had a camera in my hands at the time of our sighting however, I only got a picture of the object when the three lights were visible.  When zooming in on the object, the picture reveals 3 half-moon shaped lights in very close proximity to one another, appearing the color orange (burnt orange). The next day when I was thinking about the sighing, I remembered one piece of information that I found to be relevant or interesting.  From where I was standing and looking, I could see airplanes in the distance (further back from where the object was flying) taking off or coming into my sight path from the bottom of the horizon.  (These airplanes may have taken off from the nearby Schaumburg Airport.)  As it was dusk, I could see the actual airplanes and not just their lights, however when I saw the flying object, at or around the same time, I could only see lights, and not any solid object.  My observation makes me wonder if this plays any role as to why local radars would not pick up these flying objects.;42.0221;-88.1705
