Cigar shape UFO over South Vermont.;2020-10-24 19:28:00;5 minutes;Cigar shape UFO over South Vermont. I was sitting on my front steps on the south west side of west mountain in South West Vermont, Bennington County. Looking out to the west where the sun sets I saw what I thought was a satellite. I then saw another light and another, behind the empty trees. I moved to see past the trees and I saw it. First I though OH! thats starlink satellites. This was quickly dropped as I saw the front and end of the craft. It was almost like aerogel. Kinda transparent. It was like the moon and the sun was just right to refract light through it or I would have only seen the line of lights. It looked like a pipe fish from the deep sea. It had what looked like a hollow in tube front and a slender tail. I could not get it on camera, I only caught a tiny light of it. I immediately went inside to find starlink in the sky. It was not any where near me. No satellite or other craft was in the area at the time. It was 1000% a cigar shaped UFO. I have seen things that I ! could have excused, but was too strange to conclude. Not this one. Not even slightly. I am so certain that this is EXACTLY what others have been seeing as it was one of the first pictures I found when searching for the UFO. I am not very versed in what they look like in pictures or reports. It made the fact that I saw a CLEAR picture some one else took of a similar craft, that much more confident I was seeing a UFO. It had the exact same hollow tube nose and slender tail with the same lights. What bothers me the most, I got distracted from the subject within 5 minuets. The next day I was thinking about that and  had a thought... did I see one before? I might have. Living in Long island NY early 2000's I was coming home late around 10 or 11. I saw 3 lights in a triangle formation. First stars I thought, but moving, so no. Next I thought plane. Nope! No flashes and size getting bigger. Eventually it was directly over head. It took up the entire sky and flew comple! tely silent. I could not see through it. It blocked out the st! ars abov e my head and I knew at that point it was a solid craft. So I say maybe because as clear as this memory is, it does not feel like mine. No matter how much I go over it in my head I feel like its not my story. I did not remember this until I thought about forgetting the NEW UFO I am reporting here. Why did this not take over my life? Why is the shock value so diminished so soon? What is that? I know for a fact what I have seen this time. The cigar shape will be burned into my mind forever... I assume. The triangle craft, I will never know if that was a real memory or not, and that hurts my foundation of reality as I usually have an amazing grounding even in things I forget. It has a certain feeling of right or wrong and this one wont fit that. It's stuck in the middle like it was another persons story that you adopted some how. So strange. In summary, I saw 1 cigar shaped UFO with a front tubular looking end, and a slender tail. It was moving across the sky from north to south. I saw the ship sideways looking from the east to the west. It had a translucent body, like a deep see pipe fish with luminescent dots on its side. It was also reminiscent of translucent blue aerogel. It moved slowly and consistently. Lights where ?star yellow? no blue or red or flashing of any kind. Time was 7:28pm on October 24th year 2020.  I have no special credentials to give me any credibility. I will say this, I am rational and look to be skeptical in an objective observational sense. I would still accept information to prove or disprove what I have seen. It is very hard to dismiss ones own eyes when a simple search brought up a clear photograph of what one has seen. The craft was almost 100% identical to a famous picture I have seen that was taken by George Adamski. The only missing bit was the more tapered tail, but that could h! ave been formed in the edge of the atmosphere? Like a comet tail? Maybe one day we will all know. Until then, Im gonna keep looking up!;42.8848;-73.191
