Telepathic thought implantation by alien beings aboard an Unidentified Flying Object.;1970-06-01 12:00:00;6 minutes;Telepathic thought implantation by alien beings aboard an Unidentified Flying Object It was a clear day with bright sunshine, and without any wind.  I was ten years of age in a rural area in the town of Bennington in the state of Vermont.  My parents were in a shoe store shopping.  A young girl, about my same age, joined me in walking about two blocks into a grassy field. She was a fiend of the family.  We were talking between each other when we both simultaneously turned to our left and noticed a metallic disc shaped object hovering motionless in the distance about ten feet off of the ground.  There was no mistaking what it was, and we both knew that it was an Unidentified Flying Object.  There was no misinterpretation of the event.  I immediately became enthusiastic, and so did this other witness.  I instructed her to go to the shoe store and alert the people inside to come out and see this.  After she had left the area, I was completely alone with the alien craft.  I watched it as it proceeded slowly towards me, and stopped to hover motionless about forty feet away and about ten feet off of the ground.  I was alone with this alien craft for about one full minute during this time.  There was no physiological or psychological sensation during this time: I did not realize until later on in my life that a telepathic exchange was occurring with the alien beings that were aboard the Unidentified Flying Object.  This will be described in greater detail later.  I never saw one of the alien beings, and nor was there missing time or the possibility of abduction.  The timeframe of the conscious comprehension of the event was consistent to this day.  After that one minute alone with that alien craft, it exited into the sky in non-ballistic motion faster than the eye could follow and was gone.  I returned to the shoe store before anyone else had been able to come outside to witness it.  This was an event that changed my life for the rest of my life. For over forty nine years now I have been awaiting an understanding of the purpose for th! at encounter.  I had genius quotient at such a young age, and these beings took exception to me to accomplis h an objective that was known only to them that fulfilled a purpose of benefit for society. These alien beings are a highly advanced and complex intelligence from other planets that are capable of the psychic exchange of thought processes between them, and are also capable of helping people to become aware of how to understand how this process works for themselves.  The complexity of this interaction exceeds our comprehension.  Psychic channeling of this authority through a discourse is different from telepathic thought implantation:  The wonder that surrounds genuine psychic phenomenon has intrigued some of the most well regarded minds in the country, both theological and scientific.  I did not even realize it as I was growing older, as it just seemed to me to be natural, but these same alien beings were guiding me at first to become psychic, and then to differentiate myself from this process which permitted the conscious ability to watch th! is unfold.  At first I could consciously watch this process, and then over the years I learned to trust an increasing level of a complexity that exceeded me, but without the fear of being overwhelmed by what was happening to me and other people. I could analyze the end result, and my uncertainty of a trust, which was a guidance to understand the fear of other people, began to decrease over time. This is what the purpose of that telepathic thought implantation at the age of ten in that encounter was for:  Those alien beings, and others like them, were preparing people that were ready and receptive to be able to trust the benevolence of these beings that had become constrained by the requirements of military security that surrounds the alien phenomenon.  It required a great deal of time and deliberation to correlate how my personal experience with this phenomenon became a means to help other people, whether conscious of their experience with alien beings or not, to incorporate into their lives a decrease of the fear of the unknown that the! se highly evolved life forms represent. It is a great enigma that humanity is confronted with:  How little that we know about these alien beings so as to not overwhelm people with the fear of the unknown has culminated in not being able to extend that trust in a more complex and evolved intelligence that is benevolent.  Theological interpretation will not be enough.  There is an immense void of a need in the human condition for a sustainable future in the face of great adversity that seems to destroy the planet faster than it can be saved.  These alien beings can provide that structure in the collective of human consciousness as to how to achieve that future that humanity has been unable to do for itself.  Life evolves other intelligent life in the universe, and the vast majority of people are receptive to this change.  There should be no fear of an alien mind control: In an analogy, the complexity of subliminal programming by these alien beings exceeds human comprehension despite all of ! the modern scientific advances in computerization and technology.  The factor of life force, as a creation of God, exceeds any barrier by the physical reality.  Miracles are commonplace in the universe.  Life is a miracle, and these alien beings can manifest these miracles in their domain once humanity can extend that trust in a more highly evolved and complex intelligence than the human race can comprehend until that trust is extended.  It is an infinite and timeless universe out there, with an infinite living force of all creation.  These alien beings await humanity to become a part of what the universe has to offer.  Humanity will evolve, as it is all a matter now for people to accept the common humility before God with these alien beings that will help to guide us into that synchronicity. ((NUFORC Note:  We find we are in agreement with much of what is said above!  PD));42.8848;-73.191
1970 disk and 1984/Hilo International Airport, Air National Guard.;1970-06-01 13:00:00;~1 minute;1970 disk and 1984/Hilo International Airport, Air National Guard It was a day with bright sunshine in the afternoon in a mostly rural area.  I was ten years of age.  I was outside of a shoe store where my parents were shopping.  There was a young woman that was with me.  We were talking, and the two of us turned to see a hovering disc about one hundred yards away.  There was no mistaking what we were witnessing, and the two of us were enthusiastic about the experience.  There were no other people in the area to my knowledge.  There was no sound that was emanating from the object whatsoever, or other sensory attributes.  The disk was a dark silver in color, and there did not seem to be any portals or windows.  I told the girl that I was with to go into the store and to tell everyone to come out and see this.  After she departed, the disk advanced towards me.  It then stopped completely, hovered for a moment, and then exited the sky to my left in non-ballistic motion.  No one else was witness to the sighting to my knowledge.  The man behind the counter that also might have owned the shoe store groaned at the prospect of feeling compromised to have to explain this to anyone that might inquire of him.  In their generation to have believed in the existence of Unidentified flying Objects was to have a lost contact with reality.  It required so long for me to report this sighting, forty six years, because the relevance of it only became of import recently.  These alien beings knew what I needed to know more than I did.  It required time to respect that process.   Both of my parents were ministers that hailed from prestigious backgrounds at Ivy League institutions.  My father was from Harvard, my mother from Andover Newton Theological Seminary.  They were involved with the psychic, Edgar Cayce, and personally worked with him directly.  My father was the author of several books on the subject of psychic phenomenon at the Association for Research and Enlightenment in Virginia Beach.  In retrospect, after this long of a time I did not give the matter of the sighting much thought. I just considered it to be outside of my comprehension to know how to interpret.  In the month of June in the year 1984, I found myself next to Hilo International Airport in Hawaii in a grass field one night about two weeks after I moved there to Hawaii Island (also known as The Big Island) after being made destitute by my family. There was an event one evening over the airspace of the Air National Guard.  Three dirigibles that were surrounded by what appeared to be a white mist appeared overhead.  The sighting lasted for about five minutes.  It was of interest to me that one of the dirigibles lightly collided with one of the other ones.  At the time I did not make a correlation between the sighting in Vermont, and this attempt to confuse the issue with me about the interpretation of the actual sighting.  To have seen extraterrestrial phenomenon can also draw the animosity from people that have not.  There was a huge display of wealth to shift a control over the purpose for that sighting in 1970 back to the other members of my family.  Apparently I was supposed to attribute all of this commotion to my personal sense of worth.  No one else in my family has seen extraterrestrial phenomenon.  The reason that I made no effort to report that sighting in Hawaii as well should have served as an indication that there were factors involved that precluded a personal initiative.  It just occurred to me over the past few days that I had never once wondered what the alien beings were like in appearance that were in that U.F.O., how many of them there were, where they were from, and the knowledge of specific identity.  If this had been imparted to me by those alien beings in 1970, then the attempt to confuse the issue in 1984 would have been more elaborate in any investigative function.  The most important concept with me right now was the knowledge from those alien beings themselves of the intention for that sighting in 1970:  The answer was that what I do not know means that I cannot be remotely interrogated for it.  These extraterrestrials pointed out an elaborate conspiracy to me in the upper levels of the government to control information access, and what one can expect in resistance to control the interpretation of a sighting in the existing channels of the government databases. In answer to the question as to why I did not report either of the sightings, it was due to my speculation that a number of other people that have seen alien phenomenon with a similar experience that had also been compromised.  I left the matter to these alien beings themselves to coordinate a mediation with those other innocent men and women to determine when the time was right without trying to influence the end result.  The knowledge of the specific identities of these other people is not something that I was trying to ascertain, and was not disclosed to me.  The suggestion that I could have been extended an investigation of these circumstances if I had reported that U.F.O. in 1970 that would have afforded recognition by government intelligence analysts does not take into account that some of these same personnel were responsible for the conspiracy out of a respect for the reputation of the family.  This was reflected in the incident in 1984.  I conformed to what was necessary, and the persecution that I have endured from the lack of professional oversight by the government that could have limited reprisals and exploitation by those with a hidden agenda is rather beside the point as the actuality.  The coverup is immense.  This sighting in 1970 was also recently reported to MUFON (70308). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.8848;-73.191
While a student at a near by college, female from Hong Kong & myself went riding and was engaging in sex watched by a resident we were ;1976-03-20 23:30:00;3 1/2 hours;While a student at a near by college, female from Hong Kong & myself went riding  we were ((deleted)) unaware of. A strange sensation was report by female then I felt it too.This started the abduction scenario. I remember very much of it and has thought of it almost everyday since then. It startedf with two of them, then at the ship another was there whose form I saw outlined by a goldish light and he communicated with me by beaming a very bright ultraviolet light. I do not know how we float aboard the ship but I remember come off it with my female friend and it was like walking on something solid that was also transparent. We all spoke of many things some which I remember and other things I cannot fully recollect. They took us some place and showed me some things. One thing they said that really has stayed in my mind. I asked where are you from? The reply was, How can I tell you where we are from if you do not know where you are at. They mentioned something about coming from north over Canada and they said something about south. They told me that one of their crafts could take on the entire world, and at that time, I did not know it to be true, but they said that Russia had more milatary might then the U.S. I told them that I was going to tell my people about the incident, and after they made me & my female friend understand, believe, and know to be true, what the ones who I called my people would do to us, after we left them and went to the police station to get help for my car which would not start up, we only laughed when they asked us where we were. Then they asked us where are the two kids who took us into the woods, and we said that we did not know anything about taking two kids into the woods. Later, many years afterwards, I understood that the person who called the police witnessed the abduction. When we repilied to the question, where have you been? and we said, in the car. The patrolman replied,Lt. , I search the car, they could not have been in the car.! We call ed someone from our college, a friend of mines who I transfered to that particular college with, and he came to pick us up. He arrived at the station somewhere near 3:30 a.m. this person is currently a prosecutor in Newark, NJ,Essex Co. During 1979 or 1980 I underwent hypnosis and began remembering bits and parts of the abduction. On this day I remember so much of it and seem to be even getting more pieces to the puzzle. Here is something that I remember and looked forward to see. I asked would we all be dead by the year 2000 to that question the answer was, I cannot say. I have written a lot above this section. Here is another part that I remember. The older individual ( about 2500 yrs. old our time) asked me to look into his eyes, and I called him a big eyed ((deleted)) in my mind. As soon as I thought that something hit me in the head very hard. I asked him how did you do that ((deleted)),  because it seems like he never got up from his seat. After that I was his friend. Now here comes another part, I told him that he was not real because I can see the spirit in a person and I saw nothing in him. At that point I saw or felt or sensed the being of a very good person who was very old like 2500 years old. Then I asked them or at least some point in the contact I asked what the universe is like. And a younger one said, it is like your sea. It seemed like he was saying or said that there is life in the universe like there is life in your sea. They told me that the universe has many kinds of spirits, and that there are very high spirits around. That next day or the night of the next day I have come to Jersey City to have my car repaired because it had a warranty (30) days and this was something like the 28th day of having been purchased. A VW and a regulator went or something like that. I also remember we were in this room and it seems like there were 2 or 3 guards watching me, and this other individual like the boss or something came in and said to them why are you anwering his questions, and the rest went something like: You are not going to remember any of this when you go back that's exactly. I replied, oh yes I will.(editorial: I know this seems hard to believe and I've confided in some people close to me like my family members, some cousins and close friends but this is what happened). I could tell more but it gets even more incredible so I'm leaving you with what I have given.;42.8848;-73.191
Silent, slow moving saucer shaped object over Woodford, VT;2021-06-12 20:15:00;2 min;Silent, slow moving saucer shaped object over Woodford, VT We were watching a small aircraft like a single engine plane go over our property and then saw a silent, saucer shaped craft go behind the craft that was moving south to north. The UFO moved west to east slowly antil it passed Woodford Mountain and went out of sight.  No contrail or noise.  I took a video of it with my phone.;42.8848;-73.191
