very fast moving lights, aircraft changing color and vanishing;2003-06-14 06:30:00;12 seconds;very fast moving lights, aircraft changing color and vanishing I was in vermont vsiting family. My cousin's friend picked us up and we went to his house. We were in the back yard hanging out. He brought out a torch and said this is one of Saddams candles and showed me that it was made in Iraq. He put the torch on the fence and lit it. The wax of the torch was on fire so we wondered if we should blow it out or leave it burn. As I was looking at the fire I noticed two balls of light in the sky, it was still daylight. They appeared to be close, only feet apart and not moving. They appeared to be at the same altitude. The light on the right, as I was looking up from my lawn chair, turned into a silver triangle in the sky then as it flew away it turned from silver to black and the ball of light on the left seemed to follow it,  it disappeared. It just vanished.  After about fifteen minuets I told my cousin and his friend. I was embarassed to tell them right away. Then my cousin and I saw two balls of light shoot from horizon to horizon, his friend did not see it. Then my cousin got excited saying I saw that, I saw it that time. I was not all that astonished because what I had seen a few moments earlier was much more dramatic.  Later I saw a jet in the sky and could see the difference in speed it looked like it was going very slowly compared to what we had seen earlier. What I saw earlier was like warp speed on star trek, it went that fast. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.8848;-73.191
silent aircraft with three circular lights in triangle formation seemed to fly into space from normal plane altitude in one minute.;2011-08-30 21:45:00;45-60 seconds;silent aircraft with three circular lights in triangle formation seemed to fly into space from normal plane altitude in one minute. The craft that was witnessed by my girlfriend, her mom, and myself is unknow in actual shape and was flying from south to north in the southern vermont area.  It had what looked like three circular lights in a triangle formation in the very back of the craft and almost seemed to propel the craft. When first seen the craft was overhead in the sky (appeared as high/large as most planes) and silently over the period of roughly 60 seconds disappeared before our eyes.  Normally, planes fly out of sight in the horizon, this craft just continued in a straight flight pattern through the sky, not near the horizon until it was so far away it couldn't be seen (into space i would describe). What drew my attention to the craft was it seemed to be traveling faster than the planes we see all the time.  Also their were no blinking lights but three solid lights that were brighter than any plane i'm used to seeing.;42.8848;-73.191
I looked down and they were gone.;2012-04-01 17:00:00;60 seconds;I looked down and they were gone. I was riding my bike when a big flash happened.3 triangle shaped things appeared,  I looked down at my phone and when I looked up they were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));42.8848;-73.191
