White cigarette shaped object traveling northbound Quakertown Rt. 309;2010-05-25 18:00:00;30 sec;White cigarette shaped object traveling northbound Quakertown Rt. 309 Late afternoon somewhere after 17:30 but before 18:00 looking east above the house behind my yard object was seen traveling northbound at a steady speed.  A large object. The sun was still fairly high at this time and was at my back.  In comparison the object would have been 1.5 times the width of the sun.  It could have been as long as a football field but what I saw at that distance looked like it took up the space a middle school spans.  Like a shopping plaza. It was white. WHITE.  It did appear to fade on the edge which was either some motion blur or reflection if it was shiny.  I can’t say it was shiny but it did appear to be somewhat reflective on the edges.  It looked a lot like a flying cigarette. A white filter cigarette about the size of a shopping plaza passed over my area and looked like it was about two miles away. Our entire town here is only 1.7 miles wide. The area is heavily congested with shopping districts and we are within 4miles of the turnpike. The commerce traffic up here is huge both on the ground and in the air. There are always balloons, small private planes, military stuff, black choppers all the time from Willow Grove and who knows where else. There is a small airport within a mile of my home and others within two miles in neighboring towns. SOMEONE HAD TO SEE THIS.  There was heavy plane traffic all day and there usually is on nice days.  The thing that can clear this up is a pilot. I was looking east on my lawn to look at one of the jets blowing one of those afterburner smoke trails traveling straight up.  My sight line at that point was looking upward more than likely 65degrees as the plane was traveling fast my gave follows it up and the cigarette either showed up or coasted into my site line and that damn thing just traveled real smooth from right to left even broke the plane of the smoke trail, no sound almost looked like it faded but I was squinting to see if this was an illusion but this thing traveled.  It did not dip, fade out, it was not smoke it did look like it could cloak itself. This is broad daylight……….. A WHITE OBJECT on a light blue sky, CLEAR day!  It could have been a giant Frisbee.  Please help me. I watched the object for 30-60secs.  I don’t have the exact time of day either.  I was so glued to it I didn’t get to my watch, I hurried into the house to grab my binoculars that are by the door knowing when I came out I wouldn’t be able to locate it.  It was white.  I never would have seen it if I wasn’t looking at the jet. About 90mins later my neighbor north of my home two doors down meets me and my girlfriend out front on the sidewalk and I asked him if he saw anything within the last two hours and he verified a cigarette traveling westbound.  His sightline was toward the south which indicates to me the object had to have made a hard left after I went into the house.  His iteration to me has the object traveling towards the highway.  When I saw the object it was traveling parallel to the highway.  Our homes are in a row and his yard is about 60 feet from mine to my left. Background information: I am 41yo and live with my girlfriend of many years.  I have spent much of my career in print publishing and design. I manage an advertising portal site and speculate stocks.  My neighbor is a 22yo cabinet maker by trade and is an import auto enthusiast.  He’s an honest kid and lives with his family.  He had a night sighting a few weeks ago and I brushed him off. I know why this place was a flap at one time.  I want and explanation from someone so I can brush it off like swamp gas or something. They fly a lot of stuff around here someone had to get a shot of it and can tell me it was a new jetliner that flies with no wings or tail and I will believe it.  Just tell me something.  Please.  I am going to the two closest airfields tomorrow and ask some questions.;40.4441;-75.3449999999999
