Very low and very loud hum over my head at 3:45 am..;2014-01-31 03:45:00;7-9 minutes;Very low and very loud hum over my head at 3:45 am. Friday morning 1/31/14 at approx. 3:45 am I was awake in my living room and I began to hear a very low and loud hum coming from somewhere, so I stepped outside to try and find out what it was...  To give you an idea of how loud it was, I have a service connected disability from the Marine Corps which is hearing loss and I did not have my hearing aids in my ears during this time. When I stepped outside I noticed that it was directly over my head!  However, it was very cloudy and whatever it was, was just above the low cloud cover.  I hurried inside to get my camera expecting it to appear under the clouds at any moment. I stood there for another 4 or 5 minutes listening to it and trying to decide whether or not to call the Sheriff's Department since they took my summer sighting so lightly.  I decided to wake my wife and as I was walking toward the door I noticed it getting quieter so I stopped and listened. It slowly got quieter and quieter until it was gone. I suppose whatever it was ascended straight up because the sound stayed directly over my head...  I also noticed my two Labrador dogs and my cats were alert and observing the sound also. Later in the morning around 7-8am three U.S. Blackhawk helecopters flew over.  I wouldn't think that to be strange if we ever see military helecopters around here, but we don't...  We are over a hundred miles from any military base and never see any military aircraft in this area.  I am in the country and surrounded only by farm crops and Old Order Amish folks. There is nothing out here. I have no idea what this was, but something with a very low and very loud hum hovered over my property for about 7 or 9 minutes on Friday morning at approximately 3:45 AM.;37.8239;-88.6217
October 15th, 2019  Greetings,  I am an Honorably Discharged U.S. Marine Veteran and served during the Vietnam Era... I've always been;2019-02-25 00:00:00;Possible Abduction;October 15th, 2019  Greetings,  I am an Honorably Discharged U.S. Marine Veteran and served during the Vietnam Era... I've always been fascinated about the UFO subject but was very skeptical throughout most of my life until August of 2012 when I experienced an aircraft that flew over my property... I reported it, and to this day, in my mind, I have still not been able to properly process my experience... For weeks I sat outside every night gazing and hoping to have another experience like this one, but I never did.  On November 30th, 2018, I underwent my 3rd shoulder surgery and during the next few months I participated in physical therapy to strengthen my shoulder just as I had done from previous surgeries and I was healing very well.  One morning at the end of February, after a good night's sleep, I woke up with horrible pain in my shoulder. As painful as before my surgery, but I knew that after 3 months of healing and strengthening through physical therapy, I could not have injured it while sleeping, yet the pain was almost unbearable.  I had not taken any pain medication since the third week of December, but this morning I took a prescribed pain reliever to try and overcome the problem... But, I was about to experience something that could not be explained, could not be treated, and could not be reported for fear of the outcome.  When I got out of bed, took a pain reliever and drank a cup of coffee, I headed to the shower.  When I stepped into the shower and started to wash my hair, my whole world seemed to stop for a few seconds.  From the edge of my hairline in the front above my forehead, all the way back to the crown of my head was a very wide and very high scab of dried blood about 3 inches long. This scab was as if I had a deep cut that was 3 or 4 weeks old or more that was never sewn up but left to heal on its own.  The scab of dried blood was hard, wide, and raised about a quarter of an inch.  It itched as if it were an injury that was well into the healing process.  My head was fine when I went to bed the night before, but the morning after I was dealing with something that I could not explain.  I picked at this scab for weeks before I finally got it all cleaned up.  I had no pain in or on my head and no fresh blood. Just this huge scab from a large cut on top of my head that was well into the healing process and now I once again had severe pain in my shoulder.  I called the V.A. Hospital and made an appointment to see the Orthopedic Surgeon who had performed the surgery on my shoulder.  When I attended my appointment he assumed that maybe I just had some inflamation and injected a steroid medication into my shoulder.  I never mentioned what happened to my head as I feared being diagnosed by the V.A. with some mental issue.  A few weeks later I returned with the continued pain, so the Doctor ordered another MRI to see what was wrong.  The MRI verified that the shoulder repair that was performed on November 30th was completely torn apart and in worse condition than before the surgery.  The doctor said the damage looked like I had been hanging by my arm which would have torn apart the tendons that were not completely healed yet...  I explained that I had not done anything that would have caused this and he just shrugged his shoulders... He made me an appointment with an outside surgeon for consideration of a complete shoulder replacement.  Since that time I have undergone my 4th shoulder repair surgery on September 11th.  No complete replacement was done, but a complete reconstructive surgery was performed using bovine collagen patches from a cow to help me grow new tissue... I am currently in physical therapy and hoping to heal up well.  I truly believe that I experienced an abduction that night.  No professional explanation can solidify how the large cut was made on my head and partially healed in the manner that it was, nor the reason that my shoulder repair was completely destroyed as it was.  And, that's not all...  The V.A. has also notified me to inform me that it appears that I may now have prostate cancer.  I am required by the V.A. to have a complete physical every six months and I have had zero symptoms, my PSA has always been normal and I have always had excellent Lab reports.  Until now......  I am scheduled to see a Prostate Cancer Specialist in St. Louis on the 29th of this month for further testing.  I cannot disclose this information regarding my thoughts of abduction to anyone, nor I cannot prove anything...  I just know what I know, and I know that whatever happened to me is not normal, nor is it explainable in a way that would be acceptable other than an abduction.  I just felt like sharing this with you.  Thank you for reading and please keep my identity anonymous.  Kindest regards, -Joe;37.8239;-88.6217
