I was sitting on a bed in a house which had windows all along the backside of the house facing north. These windows had a view of an in;1992-05-01 03:00:00;15 seconds;I was sitting on a bed in a house which had windows all along the backside of the house facing north. These windows had a view of an inlet (Penn Cove) which is in coupeville. As I was looking out of the windows an orange/red globe shaped object appeared over the trees on the other side of the inlet. It was approaching at a fairly rapid speed. I can't estimate the elevation but it didn't appear to me to that high. It appeared as large as the moon in the sky. It was quite bright but not painful to look at. The light appeared to look like some kind of plasma or liquid light. Trailing behind were three rings which decreased in size the farther they where from the ufo. The rings were barely perceptible and shimmered. The rings always maintained their their absolute distance from the ball and from one another. I want to stress that these rings were very faint. I barely noticed them. The object itself had a very sharp outline despite being extremely bright. It cat a glow on the water as it passed over the cove. I called to the woman I was staying with (she was in the bathroom) The object was on a trajectory directly over the house and I ran out the front door in time to see it go directly overhead and disappear from view due to the pine trees. There was no sound. My host didn't see it and was quite skeptical. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));48.2217;-122.6838
One extremely bright, round, silent orange object. Moved in very fast, stopped, then moved up and away.;2013-12-16 21:00:00;90 seconds;One extremely bright, round, silent orange object.  Moved in very fast, stopped, then moved up and away. While walking my dog in the evening, sometime between 9:00 and 9:05 PM, I saw a single, extremely bright, round, orange colored light in the southern sky moving in a north to north-eastern direction.  It had no tail, no sound, and its edges seemed to shimmer. I first saw it as a small orange dot.  As I watched, it grew larger and appeared to be coming closer.  I could not tell exactly what it was over, maybe Puget Sound, maybe the Olympic Peninsula.   Eventually it was the largest and brightest thing in the sky, outside of the moon.  I stared at it for about 20 or 30 seconds as it moved.  Then it suddenly stopped and stayed in one place.  I watched it for a few seconds, then ran for my house, to get my husband to witness it.  He did.  It had begun moving again, and we saw it move up and away, in a straight line at about a 45 degree agle to its previous path.  Though this time it was moving much faster.  In only about 5 seconds, it had moved up, very high into the sky, till it was a tiny dot, then dissapeared.  It all happened quite fast the entire incident was only about a minute and a half long.   My background is retired medical professional and my husband is a retired engineer and physicist.;48.2217;-122.6838
