For three minutes around 0540 hrs I observed two bright lights close to each other in the sky afterwhich the lights disappeared.;2005-03-09 05:40:00;3 minutes;For three minutes around 0540 hrs I observed two bright lights close to each other in the sky afterwhich the lights disappeared. Every morning at approximately 0530 hours I walk around our development.  While walking I always look at the sky. This morning I noted what looked like two very bright stars high in the western sky. they were close to each other and were as bright as the brightest stars and planets.  I had never seen them before.  After I watched them for about three minutes, the lights went off.  I do not know how long they were visible before I saw them.  After the lights went out I could see other faint stars in the area. I am 72 years old and a retired Postal Inspector and subsequent insurance investigator. I have been looking at the sky for many years and this is the first time I noted anything this unusual;40.2327632352941;-76.9329102941178
3 lights swiflty flew overhead & 2 sets of lights coming from opposite directions aligned the 3 lights side by side & bolted away..;2008-10-17 21:30:00;15 seconds;3 lights swiflty flew overhead & 2 sets of lights coming from opposite directions aligned the 3 lights side by side & bolted away.. On October 17, 2008,  I was leaving a High School football game around 9:15 or before 9:30PM. I was walking with three adults (Wife, Son & Cousin), and two of my grandchildren (ages 2 and 5). Walking near us were other groups of people who also were walking to their vehicles.  There were patches of clouds covering the sky that somewhat resembled an old ripped and torn blanket.  The moon was slightly to our right from the direction we were walking when my eyes picked up on three lights almost directly above us moving away at a very fast rate of speed.  I immediately called out for my group to Look at these lights in the sky.  But, as I was watching them move away from us, I somewhat in an embarrassing way, said Oh, it's not what I thought it was.  But, as I continued to watch them move farther away and almost out of sight, I noticed two other sets of lights, each sets coming from the opposite direction, and joining the three lights on each side of them.  They appeared to somewhat slow down as they they lined up side by side, and suddenly they bolted away at an extremely high rate of speed and disappeared from my sight. When the other two sets of lights came in to view, I excitedly yelled to my group Oh my Gosh! Did you see that?  What was it? Did you see it?  What was that?  I can't believe I just saw what I saw..  My wife was less than two steps in front of me with our two grandchildren on each side of her, and my son and his cousin was less than two steps in front of my wife.  From my point of view, it appeared they also was witnessing what I was seeing, and hearing all of what I was say- ing.  But as I continued to excitedly ask them what this was, my wife faced me and asked what I was talking about.  My son and his cousin did not see or hear me also.  The other groups of people who were walking close by did not speak up or acknowledge any of my conversation, and some were less than five yards of me.  There was some noise in the background, the game was just ending, people cheering, band playing and the loudspeaker was still in operation.  Also, these lights did not make a sound as they passed over.  I initially tried to convince myself these three lights were just spotlights in the sky, only, these lights did not have a beam of light eminat- ing from the ground to them, and they also seemed to be moving independently-not fixed or attached to each other, even though they kept their distance from each other. When I arrived at my home around 10:35 or 10:45PM, I called the local ABC, CBS, FOX & NBC television stations to see if there were any reports of strange lights in the sky, and there were none.  I also called the local airport (Harrisburg International Airport) and they also had no reports. Even though I did not get any validation that this occured, I KNOW what I saw, and there will be no convincing me otherwise..  I would be willing to submit to a lie detector test to validate my sighting...;40.2327632352941;-76.9329102941178
