My roomate and I were out early mending a horse fence in a very rural area, very dark and quiet.  We were the only witnesses as far as ;1998-06-01 02:00:00;15 minutes approx;My roomate and I were out early mending a horse fence in a very rural area, very dark and quiet.  We were the only witnesses as far as we know to see three small bright lights and one huge mother ship object--we knew what we were seeing was not normal, and it kept us in awe for it's entirety. On a very clear, dark night, while mending a horse fence, my roomate and I had our attention actually taken off our job at hand, as we both focused on and witnessed the same event together as a pair, but individually as spectators.  It was quite apparent that these bright, round, lights hovering in the southeast on the horizon (we were looking North) were different from anything we had ever seen before, and we immediately knew what we were watching was paranormal.  Three bright, non-flashing, hovering lights that stayed in a tight formation non-moving for approx 5 minutes, which then took off in a tight formation at a high rate of speed in one direction, and then another, always staying together in a tight unit.  Then after approx 10 minutes had passed, they zipped along VERY fast as if done with their task, in a straight line to the West, and Many miles across the horizon, shrouded in what looked like fog, they actually met up with a HUGE sphere-shaped object which we only noticed upon their arrival to it, because it seemed to turn on headlights in order to travel onward into the West.  This HUGE object seemed to take in the three bright objects immediately, and started moving at a slower, more lumbered speed and was so big and had so many spot type lights, that it lit up the fog enshrouding it in such a large area around it, that you could tell approximately how large it was, and how slow it moved compared to these tiny lights.  I will never forget it.;35.0307;-120.4972
A very big white light traveling very fast for 2 minutes then disappearing into thin air.;2009-03-15 19:00:00;2 minutes;A very big white light traveling very fast for 2 minutes then disappearing into thin air. I looked up in the sky after going out side of my house to smoke a cigarette, and approx. 25 seconds later I looked up in the sky, and I saw a bright light in the sky.  I could judge the speed of the light to be going at or faster than 50000 miles an hour because when you see a satellite in the sky it is usually a small light traveling at a nice steady speed and it will travel around the earth’s atmosphere.    The reason this light was so different was, it was about 10 times the size of a satellite light, and this light was a steady light it did not blink, it did not change color, it was just a big white light. Now the other reason it was so different that any light  I have seen in my life was it was very far away and it was traveling away from or solar system.  I saw the light for about 2 minutes the light did not get any smaller or bigger as I was looking at it, which was weird to cause after 2 minutes the light just vanished.   Like it was traveling though a port hole or something, and when I saw the light it was just ripping through space at very high speeds it came in one side of the port hole then when it vanished it disappeared though the other side of the port hole.  And when I say port hole you could refer it to ripping a hole in space time continuum, or it could be a worm hole, in one side out the other. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.0307;-120.4972
I was walking home and noticed a large yellowish/orange light behind the trees along the sidewalk. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD);2019-02-05 23:02:00;Few minutes;On February 5th, at 11:02 p.m., I was walking home and noticed a large yellowish/orange light behind the trees along the sidewalk.  At first, I thought it was a new street light but then realized it was in the sky.   It was traveling diagonally and seemed to be moving slowly.   I started to record a video on my phone as it maintained its trajectory.  I thought it must be a drone, so I stopped recording.  As soon as I did, it then split into 3 lights that were lined up horizontally for a second.  There was the original large orangish color light, a small blue light and a white blinking light.   The blue light then disappeared and the blinking light followed further behind the larger light at the same trajectory.  I started to record again after it split but not for too long. I got freaked out and ran home!   I also noticed a noise that is hard to describe.  It was almost like a low pitched hum. ((ADDENDUM FROM A VISITOR TO OUR WEBSITE)) Peter, What the witness observed in Nipomo, CA, was an unarmed Minuteman III missile launched from VAFB.  It was launched at 11:01 pm.  The flashing light seen following was the tumbling first stage.  A friend took this picture which shows the main missile and the booster behind.  This picture was taken from Shell Beach, CA, and would have been visible from San Luis Obispo, CA, as well.  ((END ADDENDUM));35.0307;-120.4972
