2 witnesses see a yellow light fly across the sky from Nipomo, CA at 1 in the morning on  08/13/2008.;2008-08-13 01:00:00;4 minutes;2 witnesses see a yellow light fly across the sky from Nipomo, CA at 1 in the morning on  08/13/2008. Me and my buddy were hanging out in the mountains in Nipomo, there is only 1 or 2 homes around us but other than that the area is pretty isolated from civilization making it one of our favorite spots to relax. It was around 1 o'clock in the morning, we were cooking hot dogs over a fire pit and enjoying ourselves. I noticed a bright, yellow, disk shaped light flying through the night sky, it was about 10 or 20 miles away and about 10,000 to 25,000 feet high. As soon as i saw it i told my friend Look and i pointed towards the night sky. We observed this thing fly through the air, it didn't turn or make any erratic maneuvers, it maintained a straight trajectory. When we first saw it it didn't make any noise, it went straight and seemingly changed to a blue color or emitted a bright blue light and soon after that happened it dropped an object. So there is this bright yellow light flying across the dark horizon and there is a blinking smaller yellow light under it thats falling towards the earth. By this time the object was emitting a sound similar to maybe a sonic boom or a passenger jet flying overhead. The object continued to fly across the horizon while the smaller blinking object continued to lose altitude, the objects grew farther and farther apart. The loud, jet engine like sound we heard faded away and the smaller blinking object kind of faded away in some fog that was very far from our location. The original, larger light kept flying until it became to faint to see. It was pretty foggy that night, we saw everything happen after the fog cleared up around us but the objects seemed to disappear into the foggy night that surrounded the city of Nipomo, it left a smoke trail behind it. Please keep in mind that it was extremely hard to determine how high and how far this object was. It seemed like it was almost flying above Nipomo but I'm not positive about that. I'm pretty skeptical that this object is a UFO. I think this object is man made, perhaps a rocket of some kind going in to space, or maybe a satellite reentering earths atmosphere. I don't know what it is but it scared the hell out of us. An explanation would be great.   -If you are investigating this and you have any questions/comments/explanations please contact me via email. Also, I began filming the object after it dropped a smaller object, if you would like to see some footage of the object contact me via email;35.0307;-120.4972
