Daylight sphere/orb follows above conventional aircraft;2001-06-26 10:38:00;appr. 2 min.;Daylight sphere/orb follows above conventional aircraft I was outside my house a few minutes ago and looking up into the sky to see what the cloudcover was for the day, when my eyes caught sight of a very normal appearing aircraft of some type (unsure as to whether it was commercial or military) traveling at a normal speed from due north to south.  I wouldn't have even given this aircraft a second look had it not been for what I saw ABOVE it. I witnessed a definite orb/sphere shape above this aircraft.  The orb/sphere looked to be somewhere on the lines of about 500 or less feet above the conventional aircraft and was flying in PERFECT unison with the normal craft.  As both crafts moved overhead I was able to see the glint of the sun off of them at one point, and this is how I could best relate to the shape of the orb/sphere.  I am not a pilot or in-the-know about flight altitudes however, I estimate that the conventional craft was at about an altitude of 20,000-25,000 feet and, as mentioned, the orb/sphere was about 500 or so feet above the conventional aircraft.  I have never seen two planes fly so closely above one another and in perfect unison unless, of course, I was watching an air show.  Also, as mentioned I could distinctly see that the uppermost craft was of an orb/sphere shape. This event occurred at 10:38 a.m. (Pacific) time.  Once that I observed the spherical nature of the uppermost craft, I immediately ran back inside to get my camera.  I did take a photo of the crafts as they travelled away from me, but by the time that I got back outside with my camera (about 20-25 seconds later), they were both a considerable distance away.  If the photo turns-out I will most assuredly send it to you. The day was clear with sparse clouds.  This was a daylight sighting. Note:  There is a military base (Vandenberg) about 20 miles from me. ((NUFORC Note:  We are well acquainted with this witness, having spoken with her on several occasions.  We have found her to be exceptionally serious-minded, and is an excellent reporter of objective facts surrounding the small number of sightings she has shared with our Center.  Our suspcision is that the reports are quite accurate, and occurred as this witness has reported them here, and elsewhere in our database.  We are grateful to her for her continued support of our efforts here at NUFORC.  PD.));35.0307;-120.4972
