string of lights silently passes over rural house;1991-07-15 23:00:00;3 minutes;string of lights silently passes over rural house I happened to catch coast to coast on my way to work the morning of September 19th 2003. Geroge Nori had a guest on, talking about UFOs. I have never really given much thought to whether there are really UFOs visiting our planet. I guess you can say that I am skeptical of the idea. However, I do have an instance that happened to my family and me about 12 years ago. I have only told a few people about this incident because I still believe that there is probably some explanation for what we saw that night. In 1991 I was 35 years old, my wife 32 and our sons 9 and 12. We had moved into our new home on 40 acres only a few months before. Our place was in a very rural part of the County. Our closest neighbor was approx. 2 miles away and it was 8 miles to the closest small town of 1000 residents. The largest city, and the only major airport was about 70 miles south of our place. On this particular night we had just returned home from our 12 year old son's little league baseball game. It was around 11:00 pm and He had immediatly went upstairs to his room because he was upset that they had lost their game. My wife and other son were in the family room and I went up to try and cheer my 12 year old up. Our house was built on a hill in the middle of our 40 acres and my son's room faced the west. There were 3 six foot windows side by side in his room. The back door to our home was right at the bottom of the staircase. As I sat down on his bed I just happened to glance out of his window to the western sky. That is when I saw something in the distance headed right toward our house. This thing was very large with many lights and at a low altitude. My first thought was that a commercial jet was about to crash on our land. I yelled to my wife that a jet was about to crash into our field. My son and I got down the stairs very quickly and we met my wife and my other son at the back door. We all ran out into the back yard. I was expecting to hear a plane in trouble. instead, we all stood there and watched this thing with many lights and a string of lights behind it go right above our heads. As it traveled over us there was no noise at all and it was moving very slowly. We just stood there and watched it as it disapeared to the east. The next morning I was really expecting to hear some kind of news about it, but I heard nothing. To this day, I have no idea what this was that we saw, but I know that I will never forget that moment as we stood in our backyard and watched this string of lights silently fly overhead. ((NUFORC Note:  Date os incident is approximate.  PD));33.4571;-97.7738
