Two large glowing amber/dark orangish colored circular disks-not a sound-;2009-10-10 21:00:00;less than 5 minutes;Two large glowing amber/dark orangish colored circular disks-not a sound- It happened during the evening.  It was quite cloudy, but as the clouds moved through the sky, you could get a perfect glimpse of the clear sky with all the beautiful stars behind clouds.  I was with my friend, she was driving that night, we were in her car when we say what we saw.  We drove to Leesburg and parked outside of an appartment complex, waiting for a friend to come out of their house.  The sunroof of the car was open.  As we waited, I gazed up at the sky, admiring the stars.  I even said, I love looking at the stars.  Right after I said that, my friend leaned back to stargaze with me.  It was cloudy, as I said, but the clouds were thick and moving quickly over the sky, and through patches of the clouds we could see the clear sky perfectly.  The incident happened seconds after my friend leaned back to look at the stars with me, through the car sunroof.  Then these two amber/orangish circular things came out of the clouds on one side, crossed over! each other where the sky was clear, then separated again above the thick clouds.  They were pretty big.  They didn't make a single sound.  My friend and I were speechless.  It was so intense that my friend denied seeing anything and got very upset with me as I was very excited and repeatedly asked did you see that?!  Oh my God! You had to have seen that!  She refused to admit she saw what we did.  She became very quiet and dropped me off at my house.  It was very strange and out of character for her.  I came down to tell my parents about it.  My mother said, oh it's the military.  There is no way these objects were military.  The way they moved through the air was out of this world, They way they maneuvered through the air, it seemed as if they were playing with each other or something.  The way they crossed over each other.  I know what I saw.  I will be haunted by it for the rest of my life.  Later my friend admitted she had seen it too.  That is how intense this sighting was.  My friend couldn't even come to terms with what we! saw.  I t scared her.  It was quite the experience.  Now I know there is something else out there other than us.  I wasn't scared by this sighting though.  It seemed as though these glowing objects were playing with each other.  The crafts did not make a single noise! Not a hum, nothing.  And I know there is no way we have the technology, top secret or not, that can move like that.  My friend and I would be more than happy to tell you about it.  I could describe it perfectly and draw a picture to and show exactly how it happened.  We are positive this was not human, or at least not from here.  I never believed in Aliens visiting Earth.  I always figured there was other life out there, but not like this.  Now I know.;39.1215241573033;-77.5663488764046
