irridescent disc spinning silently below treetop level at approx. 100yds distance.  nothing between us and the object to hamper vision.;1971-04-05 19:00:00;5 minutes;irridescent disc spinning silently below treetop level at approx. 100yds distance.  nothing between us and the object to hamper vision. newspaper reported as weather balloon (out of Ft. McClellan) NO WAY!!!! I am not sure of exact year about 1971 or 72 maybe even 73. This event happened in the spring of the year when my family was cleaning off the garden spot.It was our tradition to have a weiner roast and burn just prior to planting.  We had already finished the roast and our large bonfire had burned down pretty low . My sister had gone inside, mom was getting the stuff to take in. Dad and I were raking more onto the fire to finish burning.  There is a cow pasture on the northern side of the garden spot with a sloping hillside. At the eastern end of the pasture is a small stand of trees (mostly longleaf pines).Almost simultaneously mom, dad, and I saw the craft right at the edge of these trees and below treetop level. Dad's comment what'n th hell? was instantly followed by  ya'll get to the house. I responded no, I want to see it   but don't think I could have moved if I tried.  Mom just kept saying oh Lord, what is it?  The disc spun  silently for several minutes. There appeared to be a strip of light in the center of the disc  all the way around. As it was spinning it seemed to constantly change colors like those of a prism .  It seemed as though the craft was reflecting the lights from within.The craft itself was a silvery color. Our coonhounds were in the pen right beside us but paid no attention . I do remember that the rooster crowed but whether or not it was his normal evening crow is debatable because it was right at dark.  After a few minutes the craft took off going straight up. It was completely out of sight in a matter of 2 - 3 seconds.  Although the craft itself made no sound there was a sound like when you inhale deeply just as it started up ( like moving air) but we felt no wind.  I said earlier that I don't think I could have moved and I substantiate this by the fact that as soon as the craft took off my mom  started toward the house saying she was going to call the police. Until it was gone none of us had moved even one step, just stood there dumbfounded.  Daddy stopped mama telling! her she would not call the police or anybody else. He told us not to tell anybody about it. Said he didn't want people thinking we were crazy. The next day there was an article in the local paper The Daily Home in which officials from Ft. McClellan Army Base about 40 miles away claimed this was a weather balloon. There had been numerous reports of a strange light made the evening before.  Apparently all the reports were made by persons who saw the craft airborn and from a distance because what we saw from less than 100 yards, stationary and as big as a small house would have taken a far stretch of the imigination to conclude to be a weather balloon. I made no mention of the event for several years.  While engaged to my husband I told him about it and was promply laughed at. For several years his skepticism continued.  Then on January 31, 1996 he too witnessed some unusual craft from a lookout point at Oak Level in Cleberne Co. AL  We reported the incident to the UFO hotline that morning but I have been unable to find documentation of the report on this website.  This being the case I will file a report on it as well.;33.4355;-86.1130999999999
