Approximently early 1980- 1981 I was climbing the mountains west  Needles CA. I heard over a CB radio that a ball of fire was coming ac;1981-03-15 00:00:00;30 minutes;Approximately early 1980- 1981 I was climbing the mountains west  Needles CA.  I heard over a CB radio that a ball of fire was coming across the sky.  I had time to pull off at the top of the mountain at a brake test area.  At which time I climbed to the highest area I could climb to.   Upon my observation platform (rock) I was able to watch the ball of fire approach me.  As it grew near I could see that it was a structure that was a saucer shaped.  Fire was shooting from the portholes outside of the rim of the craft.  It looked like a wheel spinning around the outside of the craft.  I got the feeling that the craft was in trouble it made no noise and I felt no heat.  It was moving approx. 20-30-MPH  Just putting.  It traveled over the top of my head just putting going very slow.  I was able to see the portholes where fire was emerging.  I watched the vehicle travel 20-30MPH creeping along the mountains.  After I lost sight of the vehicle I returned to my truck and continued my journey.  When I reached Barstow, CA, the next morning, I listened to a local radio station.  The radio said people from California- New Mexico had seen the object.  The US Air Force said it was a Russian booster rocket had re-entered the atmosphere and burnt up.  I witnessed this object in controlled flight.  It slowly made its way NE along the mountains.  I was able to make out details of the bottom and sides of the vehicle because it was only 100-150 feet above me.  I heard no sound and there was no heat.  The next morning the Barstow radio station announced that it was a Russian booster rocket that had blown up.  I know that it was not a Russian booster rocket.  I had a feeing that it was in trouble.  I am not an artist but I can describe what it looked like.  Had it not been so close I would not be able to give a description of it. I know there were other people that saw it but I was so awe struck that I didn't know if anyone  else was around.  I have never seen this kind of technology since. If you want a picture I would have to find an! artist that could draw.  But it was basically a wheel rotating around the perimeter of the main craft.  Craft being about 50-75 ft. I Thank you for listening to me. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and we found him to be quite serious-minded, and credible as a witness.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));34.7824;-114.5871
