Metallic Disc hovers high over commercial jet traffic.;1969-08-15 12:00:00;1 hour;Metallic Disc hovers high over commercial jet traffic. Thank you for allowing me to file this report of an actual event which took place many years ago....probably late 1960's  I was working that Summer as a boy of (11 yrs. old). ...Going up and down a ladder handing construction material to the two older (family members- Father & Grandfather) on the roof. I suddenly spotted a large disc high up in the sky. It was about the quivelent size of a dime...at arms length, and was a bit duller in color...like aluminum....and totally soundless. I estimated it's altitude later to be at or above about 10,000 feet, because commercial jet traffic enroute to JFK were flying below it. I distinctly remember watching a four-engined Boeing glide well below it, and noting that the object (which was hanging stationary in the sky above it) was nearly half it's size. I became immediately intrigued with the concept of what it could be, a balloon perhaps?...no..it didnt move like a balloon in the wind should....a planet in daylight?...no, didnt make sense  because it was too large, and definately looked like it had metallic structure to it...and I called out to Dad and Grandpa on the roof to take a good look up at it. After studying it, admittedly very perplexed , for a while...my Dad, suddenly blurted out that it had to be one of them there damned ufo's that everybody's been talking about!.....Granddad said nothing,, as I seem to recall, I think he was just totally confused by the sight,,as was I. We watched that object remain airborne above the jet traffic for nearly an hour, them were distracted long enough to recall that when we finally looked for it again, it was gone. To this day...35 years later, and a now a lifelong aviation industry veteran, who has worked with many types of aircraft over the years...I simply cannot make sense of what it was that we witnessed that day, in broad daylight...I will tell you that it was no planet, and no vehicle of NASA's, that I'm familiar with....and it was evidently very large, but very high up in the atmosphere.... I fail to believe that no one else would have seen it, let alone reported it back then,,,especially, the pilot's flying in the vicinity of it. I'm sorry that I must remain anonymus, due to the nature of my profession, but I can tell you that , on that particular day, and on two other occasions, years later (and always with additional witnesses) ..I had seen something truly unidentified and unexplained. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));40.9457;-73.0611
