Glowing orange objects, which you could see were round disk/sphere in shape when glow dimmed completely.;2008-07-04 22:15:00;15 minutes or so total;Glowing orange objects, which you could see were round disk/sphere in shape when glow dimmed completely. This event happened on the East End of Long Island New York, in the Village of Port Jefferson on 07/04/08.  I was with two other friends and we were just talking, while watching cars and motorcycles drive by.  It’s a popular hangout spot in town.  First sighting at 10:15 pm, two bright orange balls of light are flying in close formation maybe around 3-5 thousand feet heading from the South.  A few people at this point noticed and we all thought it could have been helicopters flying over. Though, I thought it was rather strange for a helicopter to glow bright orange in color.  The crafts hovered over for a short period of time, then flew a little farther and in the blink of an eye disappeared straight up into the sky.  A gentleman stood by saying “those were definitely not helicopters.  Next sighting at approximately 10:35 pm, this time three bright orange balls of light are flying in close formation from the South.  They started to hover at about the same height as the first sighting.  No doubt watching what was going on below.  These crafts moved up and down in a very speedy fashion, the light would fade as they moved up and would glow brighter as they came down.  These were very fast moving objects.  Next, a plane was flying in from the West toward the crafts and at this point at least 50-60 people were pointing up at the sky wondering what in the world the objects were.  Moments later at the same time, all three crafts dimmed their lights completely (no light at all).  But this time, the objects didn’t disappear into the sky.  As they flew by, you could tell without a question of a doubt what the objects were once the glow was gone.  They were light gray in color round disks (sphere like), not small from what I could tell (maybe around half the size of a football field).  At this point they were moving at a relatively fast cruising speed one craft flew up ahead while the other two trailed close together but all three in formation.  If it matters, they flew over the water and if they continued to fly straight would have ended up somewhere in or near CT.  Without a doubt, the single most surreal experience I’ve ever had (my friends included). These were not planes, helicopters, blimps, weather balloons, fireworks, or any other known object that I could think of.  My one friend took some camera phone photos, but they’re worthless.  About myself, I have an Accounting background (MBA) and work in the lab plastics business.  My other friend/witness is a Speech Therapist in a School District and the other works for Allstate Insurance.;40.9457;-73.0611
