Big Blue Orb Flying low near Forest Grove Oregon, USA.;2007-01-06 18:35:00;4 seconds;Big Blue Orb Flying low near Forest Grove Oregon, USA. (6:35 pst), was at my folks rural farm north or forest grove Oregon. I walked outside to see what the dog, Molly, was barking at (I don’t think it was barking at the light since it was too fast.), and from the corner of my right eye (I was facing west) I saw a distracting light which became the biggest, bluest ball of light I have ever seen in the sky.  It continued into what appeared to be a north to south path.  It was a horizontal trajectory, low to the ground. No higher then the small Mountains to the west.  It appeared to be almost over the neighbor’s house approximately 200 yards to the west (I will contact them tomorrow to see if they saw it as well.)   If I held out my arm fully extended with an old silver dollar that would be close to the size.  It did not travel at an approaching angle like a shooting star does. No vapor trail.   I would say I saw it for about 4 seconds, I then ran into the house and shouted at my mother,  Look out the window, look out the window, look out the window!  She was on the phone with her friend And said, I have to go Doug does thinks there is a UFO.   I didn’t even say there is a UFO she could just read my body language and my concern.   She hung up and turned around to look through the window, and  of course by that time there was no sign off it.  However there were some obstructions such as an old vine and some trees in the path.  All I know is I have never seen a shooting star that big (and blue) and fly across the sky so horizontally to the ground.  I mean it was super close to the ground flying from north to south (I live 20 miles west of Portland Oregon). I usually see a shooting star leaving a trail, and this did not.  I mean it was HUGE!  I know the world is going nuts over what happened at O’Hare and I am not jumping on the bandwagon, but OMG I have never seen something like that.  It was also silent, therefore, it could not be some conventional jet. Interestingly, I know two people involved with the disclosure Project (I am not a UFO nut btw, well at least not till now). I call this a UFO Because I cannot identify it.  In addition, I was completely sober, just having a nice warm cup of green tea.  I am skeptical of just about everything, and I like to believe that nearly everything can be explained by science, and reason  this I cannot. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness about his sighting, just minutes after it had occurred.  He sounded quite serious-minded, and we suspect that he is a very good witness.  PD));45.5981;-123.1818
Just before midnight, my friend and I were walking home and the sky lit up behind us, we both turned to look by that time it was passin;2016-09-03 23:57:00;7-8 seconds;Just before midnight, my friend and I were walking home and the sky lit up behind us, we both turned to look by that time it was passing over us traveling at a high rate. We watched as it traveled over heading NW. It was low flying very bright it lit up the soccer field next to us. Multi in color, green, yellow, purple ,red. It was orb like with a light trail behind it. If we stacked two fire truck ladders together we could touch it. After it passed we saw that two other guys were near and asked if they just saw what we saw and they said yes!;45.5981;-123.1818
