Triangle Ship spotted in Gridley Illinois with red and white sparkling lights;2007-02-21 21:00:00;3 minutes;Triangle Ship spotted in Gridley Illinois with red and white sparkling lights I was inside of my apartment in the evening with my 25 year old daughter.  Suddenly I felt hot inside my body and I ran to the door to get some fresh air.  I looked to my left out the door, which is the North, and saw two HUGE what looked like white headlights moving slowly and fairly low over the trees next to our apartments. They were NOT airplane headlights as I have seen them go over many times as they pass to go over to the nearby airport.  I called to my daughter to come and look and she came over. The next thing we saw was the headlights went out and three white lights came on and formed a huge triangle shape. I told my daughter to grab our binoculars so we could see up close what this thing was. The thing made no noise whatsoever the whole time. Suddenly it began flashing red and white lights, the kind I've never seen before. They sparkled like diamonds and were flashing in all directions and the (what I call) spacecraft, stopped and hovered up in the sky above our complex.  Nobody else was outside except just me and my daughter. I grabbed the binoculars and took a look and saw the ship was moving in it's place and spinning slowly in the sky and I could see detail of the markings on the ship through my binoculars. The ship was a dark grey metal with squiggly looking lines and shapes all over it. I got scared and handed the binoculars to my daughter to make sure that what I was seeing was real.  She looked and got scared and tried to pull me into the apartment. I said did you see what I saw? And she said YES!!  It's a UFO, get in here!  Then I got really scared and went in for a moment to calm down my daughter. I went back outside again to see if it was still there and it had started moving towards the south slowly and I watched until it disappeared over the town. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate, even though it allegedly had happened just five days earlier.  PD));40.7431;-88.889
