Yellow fireball in the night sky travelling N to S, no flashing, no sound, no change of speed or direction.;2012-03-24 21:00:00;1-2 minutes;Yellow fireball in the night sky travelling North to South, no flashing, no sound, no change of speed or direction. While taking out the trash around 9PM, facing East, I noticed what looked like a ball of fire moving North to South (left to right, near the tree line) through the night sky. Living near an airport, I see aircraft coming and going all the time and am close enough to make out some of the details, especially flashing lights. My first thought was that this might be a jet with an engine fire. However, the object moved steadily past the airport at a rate faster than any of the other aircraft in the area. The object made no sound (I could hear other aircraft - but not this object). It also lacked any distinct navigation lights - just a steady yellow fire-like glow. It was this fact that seemed the most unusual - that an aircraft was traveling through commercial airspace without proper red/green/white lights. I watched the object for a minute or two as it headed South toward the horizon, until it was too far away to see. I doubt I'll ever know exactly what it was that I saw, but am posting this account in case others witnessed the same thing.;47.4514;-122.3437
Orange and yellow fireball, seen by 3 in Burien, WA.;2012-07-05 19:30:00;2 minutes;Orange and yellow fireball, seen by 3 in burien, WA. At around 7:30 at night on July 5th 2012, My girlfriend, her mother and I were outside, and I noticed a orange ball with a yellow ball inside of it floating in the air.  For about 2 minutes the object stayed completely still, aside from a &quotwobbling&quot effect the orange and yellow object had.  It looked like a ball of fire with another ball of fire inside of it.  A fter 2 minutes, the object ascended into the sky with a bending motion as if it were flung into space, and within about a second it looked like a satellite and then completely disappeared out of sight.   For comparison's sake it looked just like team rocket blasting off again from the pokemon cartoons.;47.4514;-122.3437
