Unusual objects videotaped over San Dimas, Ca;2001-01-31 08:00:00;30 minutes;Unusual objects videotaped over San Dimas, Ca I know this is kind of late reporting it, but because my sightings involved video footage that had been under study for nearly 2 months, I wanted to wait until the results of the analysis, which has been released. Here is my story: On the morning of January 31, 2001, as I was about to leave for work, something caught my attention in the sky that didn't look like anything that I was familiar with. As I observed for a few moments I realized it was definitely nothing conventional, so I ran back in the house, grabbed my Sony camcorder, and took an amazing video of several strange objects. There were two actual sightings that morning. The first sighting was of a single object that appeared circular with a highly reflective surface or blinking light, and possible rotation. Estimated altitude was above 10,000 feet. The object was in motion from west to east most of the time and blinking or reflecting sunlight at intervals, but did stop momentarily at one point, changed direction in a slow pace, hovered for several minutes, and then changed direction once again gaining altitude where it eventually disappeared behind a cloud. The second sighting occurred about 10 minutes after the first sighting ended. This sighting was of two different looking objects moving in tandem from north to south at a slow pace and appeared to have originated in the same general area of the sky where I lost sight of the first object. These objects appeared higher in altitude, possibly 20,000 feet or higher. The two objects were different in color from each other. Leading object was white with gray accents and some noteable structure, and the trailing object appeared black in color with a tinge of white reflection. At one point the leading object moves up and over the top of the trailing object and takes a position just behind it. After about 5 minutes I lose sight of them in the glare of the morning sun. After reviewing the tape I decided that it needed further study, so I sent a copy to Tom King for his expert opinion. His findings including stills and downloadable video clips of my footage can be accessed from his Skynet web site at www.ufovideo.com Later I sent a copy to Chris Miller of www.ufofootage.com. He was able to generate some great enhanced stills and video clips from the raw footage. One interesting characteristic of the first object that Chris discovered was a powerful light source emitting from the object. Only by slowing the footage down and viewing it frame by frame can you see a distinct blue to red color pattern of this light. I recently received a letter from Jeff Sainio of MUFON with results of his analysis of my video. His findings were inconclusive as he was unable to determine in any capacity what the objects are or are not. My story as well Chris Miller's comments and pictures on it can be viewed at: http://home1.gte.net/res0cs5f/ufo-1/ufo-1.htm ((NUFORC Note:  NUFORC rarely allows either names or URL addresses to appear in this portion of a report on our website, but we will make an exception in this case.  Dr. Jeff Sainio, Ph.D. (Physics), State Director for the Mutual UFO Network for Wisconsin, is as skilled photo analyst, and we know that Tom King has considerable experience with UFO's and video footage of UFO's.  We have had less exposure to the work of Chris Miller, but his website does have an analysis of the footage alluded to in this report, and it appears to be carefully prepared.  PD));34.1049;-117.8132
Orange round or oval light, traveling slowly, no noise, no blinking lights, then disappeared.;2007-03-09 00:00:00;10 minutes;Orange round or oval light, traveling slowly, no noise, no blinking lights, then disappeared. I actually reported this sighting in March 2007, so please don't enter it again as a new sighting.  Since that time I have viewed other reports on your logs, to look for sightings within my area of Southern California.   The same description of the craft I saw in March, has also been reported over Rancho Cucamonga,CA on April 7, and May 19, and again in June according to your log.   Also one month after my reporting, the same description of the craft over a Riverside County City in California.  Do you look at your logs from month to month to compare data?  Just wondering.   San Dimas is only 15 minutes west of Rancho Cucamonga, CA and 30 minutes west of Riverside.  Another sighting of same description on your log for Covina, CA, on 5/10 which is 10 minutes west of my home.  In all reports the craft was orange, no blinking lights, no sound, and traveled slowly then just disappeard.  The gentleman's report from Rancho Cucamonga in June, describes the very same, and near the Ontario International Airport. I reported my sighting to the Air Traffic Controller at Ontario when I reported my sighting which was on 3/9/07 on that same evening. I know that you are based in the Northwest, and probably not aware that these sightings are in a close proximity in miles. Is there anyway of knowing if this is some kind of AirForce craft or other government craft that has now made at least three to four appearances in this general area?   The gentleman from Rancho Cucamonga has reported seeing it twice on two separate occasions.   Can the UFO Reporting Center look into this?  I would appreciate it if you could give me some further information if you have it.  Thanks;34.1049;-117.8132
Orange Red light traveling from west to east very slowly, then went straight up;2007-03-09 19:30:00;5-10 minutes;Orange Red light traveling from west to east very slowly, then went straight up I was sitting on my patio this evening, which faces the North.  I watched a large orange-red oval shaped object traveling very slowly from west to east.  It was bright and very noticeable.  It did not have any strobe lights did not blink at all and had no noise.  After watching it for approximately 10 minutes, it went straight up into the sky and disappeared.  I contacted the local sheriff's department, and spoke with a deputy.  He said he would step outside and look, however he stated we do not make reports to the FAA or anywhere else.  I then contacted the Ontario International Airport which is within 20 minutes of my home, east of my home town.  After seeing this object I noticed a jet taking off from Ontario, as some jets travel over my City on there way to the Burbank Airport or elsewhere.  I spoke with a gentleman, an air traffic controller in the Ontario Tower.  He said the pilot had not reported anything to him, however the pilot may have reported it down the line. I have two pilots in my family, I have flown in both small planes and jets.  This is not something I could identify.;34.1049;-117.8132
Oval object, stationary at first, moved north to west at rapid speed after visual sighting. Craft not recognizable.;2009-01-18 18:50:00;10 min;Oval object, stationary at first, moved north to west at rapid speed after visual sighting. Craft not recognizable. At approx. 18:45 hours (1.5 hours after sunset) on January 18, 2009, I observed a fuzzy, bright object in the northwestern evening sky. It caught my attention because it was stationary, but wasn't of a shape I recognized. It was not a helicopter or other familiar aircraft. The object was fixed in the west-northwest sky, at approx. 60-65 degrees above the horizon. The weather was clear, warm, and no other flying objects, aircraft, or stellar phenomena were visible in that part of the sky. I used binoculars (10x50) to get a closer look, and was startled to see a grayish-gold oval with small red & green lights, one on each side of the object, plus a white headlight - small relative to the object's size. It seemed to be oval, but it also had an oval ring or projection at the bottom. The skin seemed to have large (relative to the overall size) markings or texture. I figured the sunlight from over the horizon must be reflecting off this thing, so its elevation above ground must have been quite high to catch sunlight this late. I could not venture a guess as to the object's actual dimensions, due to the lack of background reference points. I thought it was an aircraft - this due to the fact that aircraft typically display a red light on the left wing, and a green one on the right. I retrieved my digital camera, zoomed into the area where the object was located, and took three photos in succession. I had to guess at the location, because the object was too small to be seen in the viewfinder. When I tried looking at the display, I thought I had taken photos of black sky, as I could not make out anything. It wasn't until I downloaded some other photos from the camera this weekend that I saw the two good images from that evening on my computer screen. As I checked the pictures I had taken in the camera's viewfinder, I noticed the object start to move. It moved from its initial location to out of sight (into the western horizon) in less than five seconds. It flew roughly parallel to the San Gabriel Mountains, visible to me as the northwestern horizon from my back yard. The entire viewing and photocapture, plus the object's disappearance, spanned less than 10 minutes.;34.1049;-117.8132
Object of animated lights off 210 free in California.;2009-12-02 18:30:00;10 min or less;Object of animated lights off 210 free in California. I'm not sure what it was I saw tonight. I'd like to know.  I was driving home - on the 210 Freeway headed East.  It was 6:30pm so it was dark.  Off to the right front I noticed far out a series of orange/yellow lights in the darkness. I thought perhaps it was a fire, on a mountain... but I realized there is no mountain in that area.  At this point I just kept glancing at it, and noticed it started to become an oval of lights.  Then the thing moved... slowly to sit over the freeway.  At one point it started to move down the freeway (headed West.)  The lights I could see now.  The lights were rotating and they looked like the animated lights on a blimp.  This is what I thought it might be, but it was kinda low... and the thing that was really odd, the rotating lights were on the bottom of whatever this was. Since it was dark, I could see no body to the thign, just the animated lights, that were moving in a direction.  Let me try and describe.  On the bottom of this thing, it looked like 5 lights in a row, and this row of lights, would turn off and the next row on... so forth. so it looked like a panel of five lights animating.  There was no sound... and the traffic was reacting to it.  traffic slowed, etc.  I did take video off my iphone... but the iphone uses such a wide aspect that it only appears as a small set of dots... and i'm shaking the phone a lot as i'm driving...;34.1049;-117.8132
