Green fireball seen falling quicly from South to North, looked almost as big as moon, followed by two smaller pieces/ debris.;1998-03-29 20:18:00;2 sec.;Green fireball seen falling quicly from South to North, looked almost as big as moon, followed by two smaller pieces/ debris. At 8:18pm EST, in lunenburg MA, a green fireball, the appearant size almost of the moon, was seen falling rapidly from zenith to horizon in a South to North direction. It was the color of a green glow stick, seemed to have a slight trail, and was followed by two flanking objects, same color, but much smaller, which traveled at the same speed. The trailing objects were about a thumb at arms length back from the main object, with the appearant size each of the planet Venus. They gave the impression of being debris from the main object. They trasversed about 40 degrees of sky, as visible through a large sky light, in less than two seconds. The impression was of a rapidly falling object. The fire ball itself seemed fairly solid, only green flame like fuzziness at the very edges of the object made fireball the best description. There was the slight trail, very small, but no pronounced smoke trail that would be expected from a meteor. Except for the size and lack of smoke, seemed possible it was a meteor. No change of direction was seen during the time of observation. Lost sight of the object as it disapeared from field of view, about 15% above the horizon...;42.5861;-71.7223
Strange light in sky, appears as fireball and last 4 min remaining stationary.;2008-04-19 21:40:00;4 min;Strange light in sky, appears as fireball and last 4 min remaining stationary. On the above date, at approximately 2140, I was outside of my pace of work facing west. And approximately 1 mile away, and approximately 100 feet above the tree line I noticed what at first I believed was a white flare. After observing the object for a little while I noticed that the object was stationary, ruling out a flare(I served in the military). The object after about two minutes increased in brightness. The object remained at the current brightness for about two more minutes, and then just disappeared. It did not fizzle out like a flare would. And during the whole event the object remained stationary.;42.5861;-71.7223
One orange glow looked like a ball of fire flew toward us above the cloud line in a straight line and disappeared just like that.;2011-07-15 22:00:00;1 minute;one orange glow looked like a ball of fire flew toward us above the cloud line in a straight line and disappeared just like that. on july 15, 2011 around 10pm me my wife and friend were night fishing in my new boat in the middle of lake whalom in lunenburg mass.   all of a sudden I saw an orange glow on the tree horizon told my friend hey look at that orange glow in the sky he said looks like a chinnese lantern that floats up in the air. As we're looking its coming towards us there was light cloud cover in the sky with some clear openings and it was above the cloud line.   As it was coming towards us right above us was a clearing in the sky as it went in the clearing area in the sky all of a sudden the orange glow just fizzilde out gone just like that.  As it was coming towards us we all were listening for jet noise or propellers of a plane we heard nothing.   There was no blinking lights just an orange glow like it was on fire.;42.5861;-71.7223
