Spherical light of florescent like quality, started with apparent size of penny at arms length, and climbed rapidly at steep angle.;2000-06-11 03:05:00;10 seconds;Spherical light of florescent like quality, started with apparent size of penny at arms length, and climbed rapidly at steep angle. I was out early morning Sunday, delivering newspapers, June 11th, 2000, 0305 hrs. EST. I had an urge to stop, and looked out my side window. The sky was clear, starry, the moon had likely already set by this time, on the opposite horizon. I saw a spherical object at my 10 o'clock, about 30 degrees above the horizon, in the northwest. It was bright and luminous, but not bright enough to cause me to squint. The quality of the light reminded me of florescent, dull white with a slight bluish tinge. The light did not pulsate, or show any other variation. The most interesting thing was the size of the light. It had the apparent size of a penny at arms length, much to big to be aircraft or landing lights. The brightness was even across the diameter, and the edge was sharp, with no halo effect, against the background of the clear night sky. It gave the impression of a self luminous, spherical object, not a bright light projected from a small souce. The object hovered completely stationary for a full five seconds, at least. There were enough clear stars to judge its relative movement, or lack there of. I live fairly close to a municipal airport, and am very familiar with aircraft lights and the effect of a head on landing light. This was not an ordinary aircraft, and the size of the light made i unusual nature very clear. The object suddenly blinked out, as if a light had been extinguished, and a split second later re-appeared north of its original position, slightly higher in the sky.  I would estimate its apparent  movement relative to the starfield was a fists distance at arms length. The interesting thing was that when it reappeared, in addition to the visual distance in movement, the object appeared to be only one-third to one-quarter the diameter it appeared originally. The light still had a wider visual diameter than an ordinary aircraft light, and maintained its almost florescent quality. Roughly a second after  it reappeared, it started moving in a northerly direction, covering  about four fists width in about three seconds. As it moved relative to the starfield northward, it also very quickly diminished in size and brightness, until it totally disappeared from view. Just before vanishing, the light was much smaller than the way a typical star appears in your vision, and the quality of the light was more a dim reddish orange. Just as unusual as the large diameter of the light was at the beginning of the sighting, the tiny pin prick of light before it disappeared  was much smaller than the lights from even high altitude airliners. As it diminished in size, it very quickly reached such a small size that it would not have been noticed at all by anyone not following the trajectory of the object. It gave the clear impression of an object shooting skyward at incredible speed, but not straight up. More like an 80 to 85 degree climb. There was no discernible form to the object, but its perfect circular appearance from my viewing angle seems to support a spherical rather than disk shape. There is no way to be certain of its actual size, but I had the very strong impression that its distance from me at the beginning of the sighting a quarter mile to half mile, or less, and its altitude somewhere between 800 and 1500 feet.  If so, based on the rate of decrease in the visual size of the light as it climbed, I would guess that it climbed a NUMBER of miles in altitude in seconds. It was the perceived speed and rate of climb that cemented the impression that this object was extremely extraordinary in nature.;42.5861;-71.7223
