fishing over resevoir object hovered for 20 minutes 2-3 feet above water, went straight up into space until it became vanished;1979-07-29 02:00:00;20 minutes;fishing over resevoir object hovered for 20 minutes 2-3 feet above water, went straight up into space until it became vanished At 2 am while fishing with my brother, who is now a retired correction officer,at rodman resevoir in ocala florida, I became aware that the water was orange, my skin was orange,a light was so bright on the water that it was distracting me from fishing. I looked through the flooded trees and saw what I thought was a backporch light, an orange floodlight. I mentioned to my brother the light, it was annoying me and said we should move the canoe. He just stared at the light and was practically speechless. Finally I realized why, when he brought it to me attention that we were in the main body of the resevoir, there couldn't be a house there, the light was over water. After looking at this large orange light that looked to be approximately 100 yards away a most, the light starting rising, it rose directly over our heads in a crystal clear night, never making a noise. Suddenly the orange light became a light that resembled a white floating pencil at about a 500 feet up, it only remained this way for about 10 seconds, the pencil shrank to a dot, and then it literally blasted into outer space, that's the only way to describe it. It went straight up and went from 500 feet over our heads to a fading dot in space in about 3 seconds. It never made a noise, didn't emit any color or flames after blasting off, but did leave a cloud of smoke that took about 15 minutes to dissipate. I was in a panic and shaking uncontrollably, and we left soon after. Suprisingly my brother was shaken but calm, at least calmer than me, as he claims to have seen an equally remarkable event if not more so to him, including being spotlighted by a craft and a loss of several hours of time while in North Carolina several years earlier.As farfetched as this sounded then and even now, he is very stable,never was one to make up stories, and since I know what I saw with him while fishing was the most incredible event I have ever had, the fact the he relates one sighting with the other means my brother saw something and experienced something he feels was just as remarkable if not more so years earlier. For me this was probably the most remarkable thing I have ever witnessed and am again shaking now 25 years later as I write this. It was something I have tried numerous times to reconcile in my mind over the years, to see something that I thought was a backporch light blast into space, it's something I will never get over or forget. ((NUFORC Note:  The date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));29.1066473354231;-82.1606326018812
Four balls of white light dance in Ocala night sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of advertising lights?  PD));2005-01-19 23:00:00;30 mins;Four balls of white light dance in Ocala night sky I regret not reporting this sighting sooner, but I didn't know one could report such things until I heard of this website yesterday oddly, someone else apparently had a similar view of the phenomenon I witnessed last January.   Around 11 PM, I let my dogs out for a final time for the night I looked up into the sky, as I do every night, and saw odd white circles of light in the SW sky. I live in the NW area of Ocala FL and the lights were clearly west and south of my house. Honestly, I feel a little silly telling this, but it was quite amazing to witness: The four white circles flew in bizarre, clearly geometric patterns, seeming to smack together and become one larger ball of light and immediately disperse into four separat balls of light. It was like a dance--a square dance, one might say--where the four couples turn and return.  I couldn't believe my eyes and looked for a ground source of light, but there was none. The sky was clear, and it was easy to see them.  They flew in ways no normal craft can fly, faster than I can describe, stopping cold and turning back over and over again. Another metaphor I might use to describe this is to picture them as large white billiard balls smacking together and breaking into varied patterns, stopping, turning back and smacking together again.  There was absolutely no sound at all, just light. I watched them for about half an hour.  I realized I should perhaps be frightened of this odd sighting, but curiously, I felt elated they seemed joyful somehow. I'm sure it's ridiculous, but I sensed they were flying this dancing pattern just for fun. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of advertising lights?  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));29.1066473354231;-82.1606326018812
Morphing white UFO;2005-01-21 17:00:00;10 minutes;Morphing white UFO I was walking out of my door at work, when I looked up at sky and saw this white object in the sky ahead. At first I thought it was a plane, but I felt to keep looking at it. It was moving slowly from west to east. It was slow moving. Too slow to be a plane. All of a sudden it seemed to be changing shape! Im thinking maybe it could be cloud shadows hitting it. But, I distincly saw what looked like it morphiong into to balls of white and as they did so it looked like they went around each other and then it would go back to being one ball of white. I focused on it and having a faith in God, I prayed for God to stop it. Then it stopped! and Hovered! Then it would move. then stop again. Then it continued on nonchalantly. This was about 3 miles away from me at about 55 degrees above horizon looking north. A coworker came out and i told him to look at it, and he was like what the heck is it. I told him to watch it while i got a camera. I ran and got the digital camera. Then i came out and took a picture of it.  THE CAMERA DIDNT EVEN REGISTER THAT I HAD TAKEN A PICTURE!!! It made all the blinking sounds it would normally...but no picture! So we sat watching it until it disappeared into clouds far off. I can also recal having a strange pain in my sinuses or nostrils as well. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous.  PD));29.1066473354231;-82.1606326018812
THREE ROUND CRAFTS AT 10:30 AM IN OCALA FL IN A TRIANGLE FORMATION STATIONARY AT FIRST THEN ALMOST HIT A PLANE;2008-12-07 10:30:00;13 min;THREE ROUND CRAFTS AT 10:30 AM IN OCALA FL IN A TRIANGLE FORMATION STATIONARY AT FIRST THEN ALMOST HIT A PLANE I live in Marion oaks, in Ocala Fl. It was a bright blue day not a cloud in the sky. I Was Talking To My Friend On The Phone Lying On My Bed. my bed is against the window running parallel with it.  It was like 10:30 am Sunday morning December seventh 2008. I Happened To Look To My Right Out The Window which is west towards Dunnellon or the golf of Mexico. I Noticed Three Round White Circles That Were Stationary. It Looked Like They Were In A Triangle Formation. Kind of Like The Blue Angles in the air shows. At First My Mind Didn't Register What I Was Seeing. I Kind of Thought Are Those Stars In The Day Sky? They Were Stationary For About Another Three Or Four Seconds And Then All At Once They Started Pulsating. It Was Like They Were Mirrors Flashing and reflecting The Sun big and Bright And Then small dull White Circles again. It Seemed Like Every Time They Would Stop flashing Big And Bright They Would Shrink Or Implode On Themselves. My Friends Daughter Who Is 13 Happened To Be Over At The Time. She Was On The Computer In The Living Room, So I Excitedly Screamed Come Here Quick, Quick, I Think I See A UFO!!! Well, She Didn't Run Fast Enough And When She Came To The Window They All Disappeared. I Got Really Mad At Her at first For Not Coming Fast Enough And Missing It. She Kind of Gave Me This Face Like ''whatever'', so I Told Her To Keep Looking Just In Case And All Of The Sudden They Reappeared. This Time They Got Huge, And Then really, really small again Pulsating And Weaving In And Out Of Each Other. It Was Kind of Like There Was An Imaginary Person Juggling Them In The Sky. I Couldn't Tell If They Were Changing Size because They Were Actually Changing Size, Or If They Just Were Getting Closer And Moving Further Away At High Speeds. Then They All Went Different erratic Directions But Continued To Pulsate. It was like they were playing a game of tag with one another. This lasted for about five or six minutes until they disappeared again. I kept watching just in case. Well sure enough, two to three seconds later they came back but this time there were only two of them. They were a lot bigger and brighter this time and were flying erratically again. Like it was some kind of a game. There was also a commercial jet going north to south in they sky at the same time that was pretty close. The whole reason I even noticed the plane amongst all the chaos was I thought ''Man, I wonder if the people in the jet can see this also?'' It seemed two be so close to it. Well the craft that was closest to the plane seemed to wait stationary again until the plane passed it by like three or four inches in the sky. as soon as it got just enough away from the plane to build up momentum it shot straight across the sky back in the direction of the plane it let pass. faster then I have seen any other thing fly in my life, but comparable to a fast shooting star. I started screaming oh my god it's going to hit the back of the plane. Right when it was about to collide with the tail of the plane ''which it had no room for error because I couldn't really see the sky any more between either object.'' it went straight up at a perfect lateral angle, Excelerated so fast, and then both objects disappeared completely. Know keep in mind I am still on the phone at this time my friend on the line who was almost deff from all the screaming, and the thirteen year old was historical and  in tears. She keep screaming I want to go home know I want my mom know, know, know! I just keep saying I'm so glad I am not the only one who saw it! So I decided to call the local law enforcement being this thing almost hit a plane. But they had not much to say but It could have been an air show being held today.  My response was is it a costume for a plane to chase down a commercial jet at an air show? Especially after 911 right? I lived like not even a Quarter of a mile away from the Dunnellon air port and they fly trick planes all the time. I know they have strict regulations and air spaces. As close as I lived to the air port at the time they were not even allowed two do there tricks over my property. I also living in Florida have seen all kinds of planes, jets, helicopters army air craft of all sorts. again nothing has ever moved like that. Not that speed, not that shape, not that erratic. Not until today. All I can think is UFO. I hope this brings comfort to anyone who saw the same thing.;29.1066473354231;-82.1606326018812
