Multiple green flashing lights up sky & white orb with beam during thunder storm.;2015-08-16 23:00:00;intermittent/10 mins;multiple green flashing lights up sky & white orb with beam during thunder storm. Green flashing lights: My fiance and I left a friend's house during a thunder storm last night. Bolts were shooting across the sky throughout the night, typical of this time of year.  Then, facing north (behind love's gas station while headed north on 44th ave) the entire sky lit up green, like the color of a green traffic light.  It flashed three times within ten seconds, another ten seconds went by and it flashed two more times.   At this point, east of us and much nearer to us, we saw a glowing white area in the sky.  I quickly called our friend and told him to go outside.  He and his girlfriend saw two flashes that we did not see he was east of us (near the beverage barn). One of the unusual parts about it, we could see every lighting bolt below the clouds, buy the green flashing and the white orb both seemed behind the clouds, which didn't appear as storm clouds so much as just a black blanket across the sky preventing the stars from being visible.  In other words, this happened much higher in the sky than the lightning we were seeing.  Also, no thunder accompanied the green flashes.   The white orb also appeared behind the clouds/atmosphere, but was so bright that the white seemed to seep through downward (I hate to use such a stereotypical word, but now that I search for the proper descriptive words, I could only most accurately say that the light beamed down). The super white beam stayed immobile and lasted between one and two minutes, the light went straight down and didn't funnel out at all, and didn't reach all the way down to the ground (a field in between 44th ave and I-75). It was all very unusual as a storm and science lover, and biology major, I have watched tons of storms and never saw anything even slightly similar.  In the car, we joked: If aliens ever truly visit us, then THAT WAS IT!;29.1066473354231;-82.1606326018812
