bright oval white light/moves at an incrediable speed zigzaging between trees(forest like)/followed us about 15 to 20 minutes.;1995-10-20 22:00:00;15 to 20 minutes;bright oval white light/moves at an incrediable speed zigzaging between trees(forest like)/followed us about 15 to 20 minutes. I was leaving Angel Hospital in Franklin N.C. late one evening around 22:00 hours. We were heading home toward I 85 in Cummings I believe the road was named 365 back then. It was a two lane back road. It was a very dark clear night. Driving around 55 mph. I notice my three children were looking out the back of my van and I could not see behind me. I asked them what they were doing and they said Mommy we are kind of scared there is something following us it is a bright white light. I asked how long it has been following us? They said shortly after we got out side of town where there was no lights. I looked and seen what they were talking about and I slowed down to about 20 miles mph. It did get closer quickly and it was following us. This road was a back road and we only seen maybe two cars pass by.  The kids stared screaming Mom it is getting closer I looked and it was. I started speeding up to about 55 mph it did to I went 70 mph well it did two. I noticed that the oval shape light was moving in and out in between trees and an unbelievable amount of speed. I knew I was about 30 miles from the interstate I85. I speed up to 80 mph and it speed up to still weaving in between the trees. It scared the scrap out of me. Being chase and not knowing what in the world this craft was. Kids were scared and crying by this time. I increase my speed to 95 mph it did to. Now it is by this time to close and still doing the zigzag through the trees. I was to scared to slow down and scared of going to fast. I saw a light tower ahead and I knew we were getting closer to the interstate. It was almost as time just froze in place a deer just jumped in front of the van and I don’t know why but I hit the head light button and turned the head lights off and the deer eyes locked into my eyes and it jumped really high and continued to the woods when it landed I had just hit my brakes at that time but not enough to even come close to stop just an attempt to but the deer was on the side of the road in perfect condit! ion and looking at us like we were crazy.  I then saw a car on coming going toward the light it had no more passed my and it slammed on breaks and stopped the car half on the road and other half off the road they got out with doors left open and they were heading for the ditch. I had hit my brakes during this and slowed way down. I think because we were so close to the interstate and lots of lights and activity it retreated and disappeared within a matter of seconds. I stopped and the car that those people that had passed me stood up with their hand in the air pointing at the object. It disappeared. I have never felt so much relief in my life and a since of calmness came about the children and I. Weird it was actually chasing us. Those people got back in their cars and continued going in that direction. I will say I have never been down that road again! I have never experienced anything like that in my whole life and I am now 50.  The technology of this aircraft light or what ever you want to call it to be able to travel at such unbelievable speeds through the tree zigzagging. I don’t even want to know or think about it?  This really happed! People looked at me as if I was crazy when I told them what had happened but I told them to ask the children what happened on the drive back from North Carolina. When the children came up to me I told them to ask they did and all three at the same time all chimed in telling them the same things I had just told them. The look on their faces was priceless. I was glad that the children were with me but at the same time I wished they hadn’t been with me. I don’t even want to think what would have happened if I had of stopped long before we got to the expressway. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));34.8827;-83.4067
At roughly 1700 hours my brother and best friend were leaving the house and noticed a cluster of lights in the sky behind the house.  I;2013-01-12 19:00:00;5 minutes;At roughly 1700 hours my brother and best friend were leaving the house and noticed a cluster of lights in the sky behind the house.   It was circular or oval in shape with a ring of small green lights outlining its shape with a central red light.   The lights did not blink or strobe and remained constant through the duration of the sighting.   The object continued to move in a northwest direction slowly until it crossed over the other side of the mountain and out of sight.   The object did emit a very low frequency hum. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.8827;-83.4067
