Close Encounter and Sighting.;2006-06-30 01:00:00;8-12 minutes;Close Encounter and Sighting. In the summer of 2006, my then girlfriend and I were staying with my cousin.  Oddly enough, I used to live with him during my teen years, and being that he was in the military and then a city police officer, he had high powered lasers for his rifles etc. I can recall many nights sitting outside around 2002 and pointing this laser into the vast sky and thinking what if?  During this get together my cousin had there were many balloons but none with helium and definitely not any that would fit what I am about to tell you. I was outside smoking a ciggerette, we were not allowed to smoke in his house.  I glance over cause i see the still existing patch of woods swaying back and forth.  This was odd cause it was a dry and calm night with almost no wind. I walk toward the road and look to my right and up from the tops of the trees an almost colorless or reflective sphere seemingly floats out of the center of this wooded area. As I see this I immediately am drawn to it.  Saying to myself where did this balloon come from.  As I am watching, I realize this is no balloon. The sphere makes no sound, shows no propulsion mechanism and seems to actively reflect the color of the street light directly it and myself (orangeish/red).  As I keep trying to convince myself this is something earthly, I instantly felt connected with it as if it was intelligent or being controlled by some form of intelligence. I thought to myself, I have to get my girlfriend no one will believe this if I dont, then it moved in a hovering fashion about ten feet higher from where it was stationary above the power lines.  I mean this thing was like 35-40 feet above me and at one point as close as 20-30ft.  So I went over all the movie lines in my head about aliena once I sensed some sort of intelligent control from this object, like we come in peace and me thinking.  to it I will not hurt you what are you and in a sense, I swear it made me feel safe, empowered, watched over and took off literally in the blink of an eye. When it left from a hovering state it flew away ratjer slowly as if gaining.  Momentum but then it hit hyperdrive and cleared one end of the horizon to the other in milliseconds. The object up close was just noticeably 12-18 ft in diameter had no sound no lights and could.travel at beyond or near light speed. There is more what felt like dialogue during thus encounter and it would take an interview to really explain how amazing it was. Since my encounter, My knowledge has increased to a considerably higher status and I have survived a fatal car accident in which I bled out entirely and was helivacced to a specialised trauma unit.  I also have noticed what seems to be increased empathy or maybe a development of telepathy.  I really feel like I hear when someone is thinking, specifically in connection with them thinking of me and only in close proximity.  I swear this sounds crazy but I swear on the lives of my children I am telling you the truth. It's like I sense the things a person does not want to tell me, like I can hear their thoughts about me literally. I feel whatever it was it was other worldly and was visiting due to a signal that was an.accident on my part and took four and a half almost five years to get a reply for (me shining lasers with the aspiration of reaching e.t.)  It's like it knew or could hear me telepathically communicating the memory of me trying to send that signal cause i felt like its visit was my answer.  Yes we are here and Yea we hear your desire to communicate, obviously I had considered throwing things at it while it was hovering above me to see what it was.  Not movement no words just the thought of doing it made it move further away and then it flew away when I THOUGHT of getting someone else. There is so much more to this than I have time to type on my cell but I did want to report this. Also noted where I lived was next to an abandoned airport in my town that was right next my highschool. THE OBJECT BECAME THE SIZE OF A REGULAR STAR IN THE NIGHT SKY BEFORE I COULD EVEN BLINK. The distances it covered and way it traveled is unlike anything known to physically exist on earth.  Atleast publically but from there in cookeville it traveled north north east toward and obviously over livingston, tn and albany, ky direction. Also noted timeframe is fuzzy I would.have to ask my cousin what day he sold his.house and him and i do not speak. so this sighting/encounter may be related.to.others during that year. I'd like to think since then that I kind of have a guardian or witnessed a recon mission lol   Live long and prosper friends.;36.212616777883;-85.5334339370834
