Margate Fl. - Large Circle in clouds with light on bottom side - pulling a cloud (twisting) into it;2007-03-09 09:54:00;5 minutes;Margate Fl. - Large Circle in clouds with light on bottom side - pulling a cloud (twisting) into it On March 9, 2007 at 09:52 hrs.- 09:54 am in Broward County Florida, in the town of Margate (zip code 33063) I witnessed the following shape/object in the clouds looking southeast from my location, while I was in the back yard of a customer's home. The object was a large circular shape that first appeared as a hole in the clouds with a stream of lower clouds being pulled up into it, in a twisting motion. This twisting motion is what first caught my attention. 	I viewed the object for about 30 seconds thinking that it was just a strange cloud formation in a perfect circle. I have seen ice crystal circles in clouds that form around the sun during the cold winter months in northern states. However this is South Florida and it was in the 70's. At that point I decided to take a picture of it with my camera phone. The sun was shining brightly in my eyes just to the left of the object so it was difficult to see how the camera was positioned. After taking the first picture I noticed that the shape/object was quickly being covered by clouds. I took a second picture less than 1 minute later to try and capture what I was seeing. After taking the second picture I walked around to the front of the house and took the third and final picture from that location due to a wider view from which to take the picture. By this point the object was gone and the clouds were returning to a normal drifting motion 	While I was standing in the front yard the customer approached me to mention something pertaining to the work I was doing and I asked her if she had noticed the shape/object in the sky. She looked up and saw what was left of the circular formation in the clouds and asked &#8220what do you think that is&#8221. I said &#8220I don&#8217t know&#8221. 	After viewing the pictures later on that day I realized that the first picture actually captured much more than I could see with my eyes since the sun was to the left of the object making it difficult to stare at it for very long. There is a light beam from the sun that is deflecting off of the top of the object as well as what looks like a small light on the bottom right side of the object. Also the twisting motion of the lower cloud being pulled up into, or following the circular shape is clearly visible in all 3 pictures. Even after the object was gone, the twisted cloud slowly drifted away as though it had simply been sucked momentarily but was not affected in any other fashion. I would liken the motion to dust following a car on a dirt road, which pulls up into a twisting motion off of the road. 	I am sending all three pictures as evidence to what I saw. They may not be copied, reproduced, exchanged, or sold in any form or fashion without my permission.;26.2681;-80.2092
I was inside when my 13 yr. Old was outside in my driveway on the phone I heard her screaming my name I ran to her to see what was wron;2014-03-25 23:50:00;4-5 minutes;I was inside when my 13 yr. old was outside in my driveway on the phone.  I heard her screaming my name I ran to her to see what was wrong and she was freaked out pointing up  then my friend came out to see what was going on I had him capture on his phone this ball of light that was color changing from red, blue, yellow, indigo etc.   It was zooming at a very fast rate of speed then would stop  like creeping we watched it go down then turn on some sort of light it quickly went off & it zoomed back up and hovered for a min.  Then slowly went back down.   We were all in shock I've never believed in ufo's but this isn't & wasn't anything of this earth!!  Please tell me someone else seen this!!;26.2681;-80.2092
there were multi-colored lights and it kept disappearing and reappearing;2019-10-27 21:30:00;3 minutes;there were multi-colored lights and it kept disappearing and reappearing when i was walking my dog i saw an odd shape in the clouds and there were 2 color lights, in the middle was an orange color, and on the out most areas of the figure had green. It was Disappearing and reappearing for a good 3-4 minutes. I have 2 videos if u would like to see them.;26.2681;-80.2092
Unidentified flying object over Ft Lauderdale, Florida.  ((NUFORC Note:  Rport fro experience pilot.  PD));2021-05-28 21:12:00;30 seconds;Unidentified flying object over Ft Lauderdale, Florida This round orange lighted flying  object was flying from east to west coming from the Atlantic Ocean towards the Everglades Flight was straight and leveled with a steady speed and absolute silence weather was good with 75 degrees and total clear skies. Took me several seconds to realize what I was watching and start recording  the enclosed videos represent one third of the entire observation. As a pilot with over 15 years experience I can attest that object didn’t display any  of the approved night flying lightning and there was no engine sound of any jet or propeller engines;26.2681;-80.2092
