Night, black, silent, round, oval, pulsating lights on edge, very close proximity;1979-06-01 20:00:00;3-5 minutes;night, black, silent, round, oval, pulsating lights on edge, very close proximity All my life I thought it was just a dream that was stored in a way real events are. Like recalling it as if it were a real event. Anyway, I didn't really  give it much thought until a couple years ago. I was at a party with my brother and he brought it up. I don't ever recall discussing it with him other then during the encounter.  When he brought it up I was shocked. I really did think it was just an extremely realistic dream that i had as a kid.  We both shared many feelings about it. The shared feelings are more strange than the encounter in my opinion. We both remember not being freaked out, it was if it was no big deal. After the incident and mostly during it, we did to seem to care all that much. In recollection, that is stranger to us more then the encounter.  The encounter- We were out flying my black kite at about 8PM. We still don't know why we decided that was a good idea but kids do dumb things. As we were flying it (always looking upwards) my string felt strange. I knew it was up and that it was flying. I just didn't feel the kite on the end. It was very strange. We suddenly noticed a large object with multicolored pulsating or flashing lights off to the side where we thought the kite should have been. My guess it was more of a pulsing but its been a long time ago. We should have seen it coming in from further away but we didn't. One moment we were flying a kite, the nest we see an object about 300yards away heading right for us. It was about 50 -100 feet off the ground. It was fairly large.  At first I thought it was the blimp and it just turned on its lights and thats why we didn't see it coming at first. It was moving about 25mph, maybe a little less. As it got closer we looked back at it because we then realized it wasn't the blimp, or even a silent helicopter (as a kid I thought those existed). It was making absolutely no sound at all.  Lights still pulsing around it on the sides. As it got closer it was apparent that it was flattish and sort of rounded or oval. Its surface was extremely black. We strained to see its surface but we really couldn't. It was solid and not transparent. the lights on the edges sort of curved down the sides to almost the bottom edge.  It was now maybe 75yds away and my kite crashed. This is the weird part. Most people would be freaking out at this. What did we do? We were worried about my kite. I reeled it in as fast as I could but it wasn't  fast enough. We both looked back at the object and at this point it was going to pass overhead. It was definitely lower now. Maybe 50' feet.  It passed directly overhead just to our right. it was perhaps 60-80 feet wide. Still making no sound at all.  All we remember after that was making mention then we needed to get my kite back. So we walked to the crashed kite. It was like we didn't care about the huge craft above us. We walked over to my kite totally ignoring it. We examined the kite and noticed one of the sticker eyes was missing. It probably blew off but we joked that they took it. Then we decided to look again at the craft and it was a hundred yards or so away moving away quietly. We watched it for a few seconds at most because for an odd reason it didn't matter. We didn't care.  That was the last we saw of it. We never saw it continue its journey away. It was just over. it may have continued or blinked out. I will never now. It left the way it appeared.  This may not entertain some UFO or Alien enthusiasts but we both agreed that we must have created the story in our youth and it became a false memory. Its strange that we both share the  same exact memory, but I am sure its possible.  I decided to send this in as a UFO report because it seems like a UFO encounter. Maybe it really was. I will never know. I wanted to make it public in case anyone else experienced this. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));26.2681;-80.2092
Green, red,light not moveing Standing in one spot for a half Hour.i have a video of it .I was freaking out .This is my therd video and;2019-02-25 23:00:00;30 minutes;Green ,red,light not moveing Standing in one spot for a half Hour.  i have a video of it.  I was freaking out.  This is my therd video and my second picture.;26.2681;-80.2092
