post script to Leader Telegram article reporting strange object in sky witnessed by 3 people.;1999-09-16 04:05:00;30 min.;((NUFORC Note:  Following report submitted by Mr. Chad Lewis, State Director for Wisconsin fo the Mutual UFO Network.  Thank you, Chad!)) post script to Leader Telegram article reporting strange object in sky witnessed by 3 people. The paper did not report the whole story regarding the objects seen on 09/16/99 in Menomonie, WI.  When the sheriff's officer responded to the call, he stayed and watched the object for approximately 10-15 minutes.  During this time he stated that he had never seen anything like this before.  He was so intrigued that he left to try and find the location of this object. The witness reported the first object to be 1/4 of the way up the horizon. The object was reported in the SE sky. The weather conditions of the evening were clear with no fog in the area.  The witness also reported that he has seen planets many times before and stated that this was unlike anything he had seen either.  The gentleman watched the object for nearly 40 minutes, until it seemed to just vanish. During this time it would change color form red to yellow to green at a very quick rate.  He also reported that the object would shoot up into the air and fall back down at rapid speeds.  The object also hovered over his farm area for several minutes at a time.  When this witness called the sheriff again to report the second triangle object, also seen in the SE sky. The sheriff's office said they look into it and never contacted the witness again.  The witness watched the second object hover over his farm are for nearly 10 minutes. This second object was yellow and triangle shaped. This object also just seemed to vanish. Neither object made any sound that could be heard by any of the witnesses. There was also no smell associated with the objects.  The witness was very suprised to read that the officer who only hours before stated this was the strangest thing he had ever seen, had now turned aroung and claimed it must have been a planet.  The sheriff's office have not returned any of my calls on this subject.;44.8693;-91.9265
