Yellowish lights across the sky with a rapid departure witnessed by husband and wife central MO. ((Witness is former law enforcement.));2016-05-24 21:15:00;10-15 seconds;Yellowish lights across the sky with a rapid departure witnessed by husband and wife central Missouri. On May 24, 2016, at approximately 21:15 hrs., I noticed in the night sky bright off white lights similar to light bulbs on a fixture bar, the lights were in a slight chevron shape.  When I observed the lights in the north western sky, I noticed they were well above the tree line in the distance, yet very bright.  I saw the lights for about 5 seconds, then called for my husband to look out the front of our house.  I watched the lights for about another 3-5 seconds then moved to my husband’s location about 25 feet from my observation point. The lights were gone by the time I arrived at my husbands’ location. When I saw my husband I said that couldn’t have been a plane, and my husband immediately said that was no plane.  We agreed if it had been a plane as large as what we observed, we would have heard engine noise or something as it passed.  We noted the stillness of the moment, very quiet outside.    We continued to watch the night sky for a minute or two before going inside.   We determined what we saw was not from spot lights projecting in the air or any plane, helicopter or luminaries. My husband has a private pilot’s license, has law enforcement experience, and I am a retired law enforcement Deputy with almost 36 years of service.  My husband and I are familiar with helicopters’ and airplanes we are night sky watchers and look for the satellites going through the sky.  This is the second time we have seen lights which made no sense to us and felt like it is necessary to file a report. We are located in central Missouri the area we live in is called Lake of the Ozarks, our home is located south of the Camdenton Memorial Airport.  We are in the flight zone for the airport so we are familiar with aircraft landing and taking off.  The ground winds from my personal observations were slight the evening was clear with a few clouds in the sky.  The Emergency Management Office was able to tell me the winds aloft on the evening of May 24th., 2016 at 5,000 feet were from SS-W at 30-35 knots. The following is my husbands’ written account of what he observed. “On Tuesday, May 24th., 2016 at approximately 9:15 p.m. my wife called out for me to look outside at lights she was seeing.  As I walked out of the house looking north to north west, I saw a line of bright yellowish looking lights at about the 2:00 position in the sky.  The lights seemed to be pulsating from right to left the objects was stationary then left the area in a very fast departure after a few seconds.  I estimate what I saw was 5 to 10 miles away and possibly 500 or more feet across, I could not see definitions of top to bottom only left to right.  I am somewhat familiar with identifying objects in the air as I have had flight training and have my private pilots certificate.  I also have law enforcement experience it was not a plane or helicopter.”;38.0185;-92.7677
