Three of us saw a bright red light moving W, and another less brilliant white light next to it, both making no sound.;2014-08-14 22:00:00;10 minutes;Three of us saw a bright red light moving West and another less brilliant white light next to it, both making no sound. Three of us saw a very bright red light with a smaller white light at Cedar Heights Condominiums.    The red object moved slowly West.   We lost sight of the white moving light.  We heard no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report corrected the date to August 14.  PD));38.0185;-92.7677
Two objects with flashing multicolored lights tend to hover in the sky near my home every night at the same time frame.;2016-09-05 02:00:00;2-4 hours nightly;Two objects with flashing multicolored lights tend to hover in the sky near my home every night at the same time frame. Every night at the same time two objects with different light patterns of flashing red, blue, yellow and white lights slowly come in and hover the back of my property. They remain there for anywhere between 2-4 hours. During this time they sometimes periodically seem to come closer or go farther out in the distance. They even move up and down but stay at a close proximity of where they initially begin to hover. They have been doing this that we know of at least a couple a week's ago, but could be longer. We didn't discover then until a drone was spotted at a very visible level after we heard a buzzing one afternoon over the front of our property. Once we spotted it it flew off to the back of the woods . I believe I heard another one flying in the woods on the same day just a few minutes after but never visibly seen it. Another drone, could have been the same one as before was also spotted again flying over the property line as it hovered above tree line. Of course not sure these are related but the drone was what opened our suspicions where we noticed the lights in the sky that are fairly low and definitely not normal. I believe to of seen tiny white droppings of light fall from one of these objects but no one else has noticed and I'm aware because of the creepiness my mind could be playing tricks on me. Although I am a firm believer in UFOs I'm hesitant to say that this could be one because of the fact they appear every night around the same time and they are at a constant hover. I believe this could be a drone case, but my research shows no investigations or surveillance using drones of this flight power in or around this area. If I can get a camera that can clearly record or photograph these objects I will send them in along with the date and times they are taken.;38.0185;-92.7677
