UFO spotted by over 500 people in central to northern WI;2001-07-31 23:18:00;into the nite;UFO spotted by over 500 people in central to northern WI I'm reporting this in case no one else has. On Thursday Aug 2 2001 a Wausau WI-based radio station was flooded with between 550 and 650 phone calls from listeners who claimed to have seen a large green lite that would streak across the sky, hover, then appear to crash. Several people claimed to have also thought is was a plane crashing and so they reported the sighting to several police and sheriff's departments. PLEASE look at a map of WI: callers who reported this (remember: there were over 550 of them)were calling from Wausau WI, WI Rapids WI, Bowler WI, Nekoosa WI, Plover WI, Stevens Point WI,  in the middle of the state, all the way up to the northern part of the state: Minocqua WI, Phillips WI, Rhinelander, WI.  People reported having to stop in the middle of highways because this thing hovered 30 to 50 feet above the ground.  Police departments verified also seeing this, and also recieving the numerous phone calls reporting a so-called downed plane. Meteorologists have suggested the possibility that this could be ball lightening.  Ball lightening is one of the rarest natural phenomena, and if that's what this is, it seems strange that it was seen by that many people....How could something so rare travel from the middle of the state of wisconsin, basicly along highway 51, up to the northern part of the state? Does ball lightening hover over Dodge Durangos? The object was reported as being extremely huge, and VERY bright green. One woman said that as she looked at it through the small side window of her car (the one that is next to large window that you would actually roll down) the green glow filled the entire window. It was said to have a sort of red tail that could be seen as it was moving. Those who saw it hover closer to the ground said it was so bright, that it didn't appear to have any shape, except that looking into it, the center appeared black, surrounded by a blinding green glow, with evident lights at the bottom perimeter of it. It would move slowly, flicker, and stop, drop in altitude, then appear to either crash or land. People in several cities reported seeing it crash or land or disappear into trees in several towns....;44.9630647058833;-89.686725363696
