object in sky over Wausau wisconsin, not a plane.;2009-09-07 18:45:00;20 min.;object in sky over Wausau wisconsin, not a plane. This is a description of what I saw in the sky at around 6:30 to 7:00 p.m. on sept. 06 2009. I had walked outside to smoke a ciggeriate after dinner as I always do every night. The sky was totally clear of clouds, and as I looked up into the sky towards the northwest direction I noticed that in the distance was what looked like a very small wisp of a cloud. I looked at this for about 3 to 4 minutes and realized that this wasn’t a cloud and that this was a small con-trail and that the object was moving towards my direction. I grew up in SanAntonio Texas around a lot of different kinds of air traffic so I can pretty much determine what I am looking at when I see something in the sky. Whatever was in the sky on this day was no plane because planes leave a lingering con-trail. This trail did not linger, also this object was extremely high. I would estimate from my experience of watching aircraft in the sky that this object was above 75,000 ft. I know what planes! look like at a cursing altitude between 33,000 and 37,000 ft. this object was much higher and going very fast. As I watched the object it flew directly over my location, I heard no noise and could not determine the shape of the object because it was either too high or it was too small, but it was reflective and I could see a small object in front of the con-trail. This is where my story becomes interesting. As I tracked the object in the sky I thought it would just keep flying in the same direction but as the con-trail started to finally fade the object re-appeared moving in exactly the opposite direction within about 5 seconds. That is impossible to do with the type of technology that we have now. The object did not slow down and it did not make a wide sweeping turn as a jet would do. This object just did a 180 degree maneuver and proceed in another direction, and the whole time the con-trail stayed the same and did not linger in the sky as all other trails do. This trail! was completely gone and was very small in length. I ran into ! the apar tment and told my wife and she laughed at me for about 20 min. I then went back outside and looked in the same direction that I first looked in and the object was back almost exactly in the same position that it was in when I first saw it. I then went and got my wife and she saw it to, but this time the object was moving away from us and I could see it for a very long time. I don’t know what I saw but I do know that it was very high, going very fast and it was not an airplane, helicopter, weather balloon, or anything else I can think of. I have left my name and ph. # on your answering machine, please contact me about this matter. THANK YOU;44.9630647058833;-89.686725363696
