very long row of red lights above gravel pit horizon;1993-02-15 01:30:00;10 seconds;very long row of red lights above gravel pit horizon I'm sorry that I can't be very specific as it's been many years, however, somethings are ingrained in my memory.  Honestly, I'm not really sure of the time of year, but it seems like it was winter, no cloud cover, clear night sky.  I was coming home from work as a bartender..no, I had not been drinking. I'm guessing at the time, somewhere between 1:30 a.m. and 1:45 a.m. as the bar closed at one, and I was usually out of the building by 1:30-1:45 headed south towards Elk River, which was where I was living at the time. There is a large gravel pit that I passed by each night on my way home, and this night, as I approached I saw, briefly, what looked like along the ridge at the top of the pit, was a line of red lights.  My first thought was that it was a line of semi trucks parked along the ridge. But what I saw was at least the entire length of the ridge of the pit, and I can't say now if it was one long light, or many lights, but whatever it was was just above the ridge, directly above treeline.  Then, it was gone, the row of lights just went down, below the ridge..at least that's how it seemed. No one end moved faster than the other, there was no angles..it just droped below the horizon of the ridge and was gone. I drove by a few days later, daylight hours, to get an idea of what the ridge looked like during the day, if there was a road along the ridge, what, exactly was there. There was no road along the ridge where the lights were.  There was a road that led to an area near the ridge, but nothing at the ridge.  To be fair, it was even difficult at the time to estimate the size, or length of what I saw that night, but going back to look at it in the daylight I'd have to say bigger than a football field in length, much bigger.  I didn't see anything besides the lights..no shadows of any kind, nothing to indicate that there was anything but lights, although I know that's not likely.  Looking at the 'Characteristics of The object section in this web form, I will select 'There were lights in the object' only because that's all I saw..I didn't actually see an object..just lights. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));45.4555;-93.5844000000001
Conspicuous light seen on many occasions, inhuman movement in sky, and spotted seemingly moving in unison with another craft?;2018-05-02 01:00:00;5 minutes;Conspicuous light seen on many occasions, inhuman movement in sky, and spotted seemingly moving in unison with another craft? Being the night owl I am, I usually find myself out for a cigarette at the dead times of night (generally between 1 am and 3 am I go out for the last time.)  Being the observer I am, my eyes are usually glued to the skies. Around the end of November 2017, I began to notice a very peculiar light in the sky, consistently showing up on the horizon around the given hours.  The light is familiarized by it's unique flashing pattern-a dull green fading in and out through a red,white,and yellow spectrum. Naturally curious, I have often found myself trying to eye it out in the sky most nights and am often times successful.  Beyond the pattern of lights the (seeming) ufo has to make it noticeable, it also very often makes spontaneous and erratic movements that just make it seem completely inhuman.  Darting from the left to the right, pausing for a brief moment, and then speeding directly up and down in the sky- over and over continually for generally around 30 minutes to an hour(do note, a lot of the time spent visible it seemingly is still, but has small bursts of movements around every 5 minutes.)  The reason I chose to finally document this case is due to an oddity that was more disturbing than the norm I had come to expect.  It was a semi clear night, just some roaming clouds and a stable wind when I noticed the normal conspicuous satellite-like light coming from the northern sky, but the more I inspected it, the more I noticed it seemed to be moving very slowly and methodically with another light directly above it.  This second light was much more dim and much less noticeable, but the lights were beyond a reasonable doubt moving upwards in the sky in unison.  After maybe 2-3 minutes of these lights slowly creeping vertically in the sky, it had seemed they had come to a halt when very suddenly, the less noticeable light appeared to very quickly speed out of sight going upward in the night sky and before I could even tell what had happened logically, the residual brighter light also seemed to have simply disappeared into the night.;45.4555;-93.5844000000001
