Circular craft can be seen at the intersection of Cherry Lane and Shellhammer Rd.. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible advertising lights??  PD));2006-12-28 20:45:00;2 Hours;Circular craft can be seen at the intersection of Cherry Lane and Shellhammer Road Apollo PA My girlfriends sister and her boyfriend first spotted three bright white lights that moved in a circular motion above a cemetary in West Labanon PA near Indiana 12/27/06. They studied it for a bit and when they got into their vehicle to drive away, it seemed to follow them.  They came to my girlfriends house in Apollo 12/28/06 saying you guys have to come see this. All four of us got into my truck to go check this out. Near the intersection of Cherry Lane and Shellhammer Road in a feild, we spotted the same image they had seen. Three lights moving in a circular motion. It was very creepy. All the dogs were barking hysterically. We looked away due to another car coming on the road, only to discover that the object was not there, but further away. The object seemed to dissapear rather slowly until there was nothing spotted. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible advertising lights??  PD));40.5565;-79.5772
To begin there was one original craft that had two other crafts exited from the original.;2020-06-13 23:57:00;2-3 minutes;To begin there was one original craft that had two other crafts exited from the original. I was outside on the back deck listening to my music and looking at the stars and the ever expanding darkness of this universe questioning my existence and realizing how tiny we are. BUT THEN… out of nowhere a bright light floats above me about 1,000-1,500 feet in the air from the spot of sky that was blocked by the roof of my house. The light moved fast and then stopped for like 1 ½ seconds then continued to move but very slower for like 4 seconds and then just STOPS. It was there for like 10-15 seconds and then it started to move slowly in a circle. It gets halfway done with the circle and then it goes super fast the rest of the way. I really got confused when my music just STOPPED, my phone wasn't dead and I still had WiFi. It goes forwards a little bit slow and takes like 5 seconds to move. It's now like 500 feet from where it came into sight. It stays still for about 30 seconds then 2 OTHER LIGHTS exit off of the original craft/light. This is where I st! art silently freaking out and questioning if my house with me and my family is gonna be shot up inside of a giant ufo and get probed in the ear. (I don't know why my brain went straight to that) Anyway, they form into a triangle formation and fly off back to where they came from. This was my 6th ufo sighting. However this is the only one I have reported cause this one is the one that has the most detailed.;40.5565;-79.5772
