2 objects, one spherical and huge, the other even larger followed after only a moment or so. Second object appeared to be very high and;1980-08-15 20:30:00;15 Minutes;2 objects, one spherical and huge, the other even larger followed after only a moment or so. Second object appeared to be very high and yet its lights streched from horizon to horizon. I was only thirteen and my family where very protective.  I had never seen drugs nor known anyone who had. My family and I had just gone out and where returning from an evening of diner at a favorite pizza place. When we got out of the car I looked South and saw what at first appeared to be the moon.  I was about to comment on its shape and how shiny it was.  I couldn't make out any craters.  It was just white. Then I noticed that I had to many shadows. One shadow from the street lamp, one shadow from what I thought was the moon, and another. When I traced this third shadow back to its source I saw the moon almost directly overhead. I was about to yell at this discovery when I noticed the bright object begin to move.  I had to watch. I was nervous, but not frightend. My family by this time where in the mobile home we lived in at the time. I flattend my body against the trailor and watched by peeking around the corner as the object moved in a northern direction. The object moved till it seemed directly above me, then it stopped.  It seemed extremely large and high in altitude. I wondered if it where even in atmosphere. Then, wish it flew up and away into the out-there and was gone. I looked around the corner to where I had first seen it.  I saw something else.  I became filled with terror and dread. There, from one end of the horizon to the other were lights.  Red,Orange,Green.  Each one spaced evenly like many objects all in formation, or one huge object. It followed the same course as the other object and stopped over me just as the other object had. In the glare of the lights, and the blockage of the stars, it becaame aparent that these lights where all connected to one object.  The outline of the lights was striking.  It reminded me of that of a bird of prey symbol. It stopped momentarily and then it also moved up or out into the distance and vanished in seconds.;40.5565;-79.5772
Distant Lights Moving in Sky Day or Night.;2013-11-08 21:00:00;All Night/Sometimes Day;Distant Lights Moving in Sky Day or Night I live in North Westmoreland County in Washington County near Apollo, PA.  I just wanted to know if anyone else has reported seeing moving orbs in the night sky.  I can see them on a nightly basis.  The lights are solo and sometimes there are a lot of them in group. The lights are high in the sky, however they are visible on clear and cloudy skies every night. I have even seen the lights in the middle of the day.  These lights move in S patterns in pairs.  They accelerate together and stop suddenly together.   I'm not able to take pics of them as I don't have the equipment to capture them as they are really far up in the sky.  I know they are not airplanes because I can see airplane below them and I know what satellites look like in the night sky.  Please let me know if you would be interested in seeing for yourself. Thank you,  ((name deleted));40.5565;-79.5772
