First obect traveling at high speed, second object stationary on mountain top observed for several minutes;1986-09-15 22:30:00;20 minutes +;First obect traveling at high speed, second object stationary on mountain top observed for several minutes After attending a movie in Poughkeepsie,NY.,a friend and I were traveling N/E on Rt. 55. I was a front seat passenger and noticed a very bright light about 30 degrees off the treeline to the S/E. It appeared to be several miles off, but I commented something about a helicopter. The driver looked in the direction I mentioned and we both saw it move with lightening speed maintaining the same latitude, across the windsheild and stop about the same distance in the N/E direction. This occured West of Pouquague approximately. We were both pretty amazed, but chalked it off as to just one of those things.  We were traveling a short cut across what we referred to as East Mountain Road to reach our destination of Wingdale, New York. At the top of this mountain, there is a farm on a plateau. On the N side of the road, the main house sits about 100 ft. from the road. Directly across is a barn and some out buildings ( a barn mainly) that sits directly off a 15 foot shoulder.  As we reached the top of the hill, we noticed a large illuminated object hovering beside the house. initially, it appeared to be amorphorus. Undefined, but brilliant. The base of the object appeared to be off the ground but level with the second story of the house. The top of the object faded into the haze so we had no idea where the top of the object ended. It was very close to the house which gave us a little perspective. It was at least 5 times the size of this 2 story farm house. While it was not touching the ground, it seemed at rest hovering beside the house and remained there.  I told the driver to turn off the headlights as we grew closer, and instructed him to pull onto the shoulder by the barn so we could take it all in. He turned off the motor and  we just stared. We were both terrified at the scale of this object. The top of the mountain was very dark. There were no lights coming from either the house or the out buildings. There was no moonlight and it was slightly hazy.  We sat there for about 15 minutes. There was no noise except for a very low frequency the I can only describe as feeling the sound rather than hearing it.  At this point, my friend decided he was going to get out of the car and investigate it closer. He opened the door and started to get out when the noise because more audible. I panicked, and literally tore the sleeve from his shirt to restrain him from getting out of the vehicle. I turned the key and started the car motor and told him to drive. I also told him to leave the lights off until we began our descent down the other side of the plateau, which we did. We were both so frightened we wanted leave quickly, but it was like groping for a light switch in the dark.  The East Montain Road is very steep and there are several hairpin turns. The mountain pass runs parallel to a deep ravine. From some places on the road, you cannot see the bottom of the ravine (in daylight) and as we were heading down, shortly after we turned on the headlights again, I noticed something glinting in the ravine below. The reflective(?) object was not stationary and seemed to be traveling slightly ahead of us but with us. It was shiny, and traveling like a bullet, only sideways. We were going to try to find a place to pull over again, to let it move on when it seemed to shoot down the ravine on an S shaped course and disappeared. In a S/E direction very similar to the object we saw initially on Rt. 55. This however was NOT the object we saw by the house. These were, in my opinion, two different objects.  We vowed never to discuss this with anyone because of the stigma attached. We were both New York State officials at the time. I honestly don't know why I'm reporting this now, so many years later, but I am still stunned by it to this day when I think about it, and at least I have it off my chest. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.6558;-73.5554
It was a cloudy morning, the object just streaked across the sky, it was a blue object'moving at a speed that it just caught my eyes.;2004-10-15 06:00:00;2 to 4 seconds;It was a cloudy morning, the object just streaked across the sky, it was a blue object'moving at a speed that it just caught my eyes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.6558;-73.5554
