Small airplane like craft, 8:30pm, clear sky, object seemed to cloak itself. Saw it for about 1 second before it cloaked.;2012-03-13 20:30:00;1-2 seconds;Small airplane like craft, 8:30pm, clear sky, object seemed to cloak itself.  Saw it for about 1 second before it cloaked. I was walking my dog on the evening of March 13, 2012 at 8:30pm. I walk her around the school, which is located behind my house.  There is a large field with baseball diamonds etc. I was checking out the Venus/Jupiter view constantly as I walked because I thought it was really cool to see them so bright and close.  There were also absolutely no clouds in the sky.  Towards the end of our walk, I was in an area where there was no light so it was pretty dark area.  I looked up to check out the planets again and immediately saw what my brain told me was an airplane.  Then after about 1 second it disappeared.  The way it disappeared was a little alarming because it didn’t “zoom off” as the way most people describe. The best way I could describe is that it looked like it had “cloaked” it self.  It was there and the seemed to quickly dissolve from the front to the back.  The object was moving forward, the same speed a plane would move and there was no sound and no other mo! ving objects in the sky where I was looking.  We have a lot of airplane traffic above my house that are sometimes pretty low and that’s what I thought I was seeing.  Once I saw what looked like it had cloaked,  I immediately stopped walking and stood still to really observe what I saw.  There was nothing in the sky. I kept searching for what I saw but nothing.  I then started to try to debunk what I saw.  There are large lights in the field to light up the baseball diamonds but I cannot see any light from them from the vantage point due to being on the opposite side of the school and blocked by the building.  The object I saw would have been positioned as if they were above these lights.  So I was seeing this object above the school building and lights.  I then stepped back from where I spotted the object about 3 or 4 steps and I could see the tops of the lights.  I thought maybe there is a beam of light that is shooting upwards, but all of the lights point down to the baseball fields.  The only thing I could think of is that something flown above the lights and was illuminated for a second by a light beam, but the sky was so clear I would have been able to see the object beyond the beam.  It was also up to high for any beam of light to illuminate it.  There was no sound and it looked like a plane, and it had a few lights on it.  I thought maybe it was a crane since this is near the water and I have seen cranes nesting up on the lights before, but again it was up higher than that for it to be a crane, it was too large to be a bird like a crane also.  And again I would have been able to see it beyond any lights since the sky was so clear.  The object was like a small plane with no wings and lights. The best way I can recall the shape is the shape of the ship in the video game r-type (http://www.gamechronicles.com/reviews/ps2/rtype/ship2.gif).  The ship would have been facing the opposite direction and moving away but at the same angle.  I did stand there for a good 2 or 3 minutes without moving just so I could really see if anything else happened.  I did not see anything else after that.;39.2619;-76.4992000000001
