Strange Site and Time Red Orb Encounter;1976-10-20 22:00:00;2 hrs.;Strange Site and Time Red Orb Encounter Well,this is true,no lies. It happened that october of 1976,my friend ((name deleted)) picked me up,I think it was the weekend.We jumped in my truck and drove into town to get a 6 pack, then to a little lake just out of town, it's called art lake. There was a little side trail of to the right, we drove to the end of it. It was mostly clear, not to cold with just a little snow trying to fall.  A great alaskan night. We were making small talk looking out into the night sky when I noticed the red dot moving accross the sky high up, traveling in a south easterly direction. I pointed it out to randy because the dot seemed to move pretty fast for a high flying Jet. As we watched we noticed it getting bigger. We did not see any other lights. It got bigger,I told ((name deleted)) it must be a plain getting ready to land at the local small air strip and wondered why his landing lights where not on.The last thing ((name deleted)) said was that the air port was of to side of us and not in front of us. And yes I could clearly see what he was talking about, this red ball was now getting huge, coming directly at us, just above the trees.I dont recall him or I saying anything at that time, just looking out the windshield. It stoped above the trees in front of us, it was awesome, at least 25 or 30 feet accross,it felt strange sitting in the cab of the truck looking out at this big red Ball,I could see like a liquid moving from the right to the left on it's surface wich gave me the sence that it was round. Every thing in front of us was in a red glow but not bright.I remember sayingwhat the hell is this, randy was silent.I dont know how long we looked at it, then suddenly there was this very loud metalic crashing sound, but not like a car crash, a lot shorter, but load.The red orb was gone.  I know we both jumped.The truck was cold, I jumped  out of the truck thinking a tree had fallen on it,but there was nothing.It mast have been snowing because we had 6 or 7 inches of snow, and not a track or sign of what might have made that awfull sound.((name deleted)) started the truck and we got the hell out of there. We tried to figure out what we just seen, but of course didnt come up with anything other then some ufo or something. Getting back to town we noticed it was late way late going on 2 am I finished my beer, ((name deleted)) drove back to my place,then he went home. We talked about  on and off for a while, then he started to clam up about it,then refused to discuss it any further. I will never forget that night.I checked the truck the next day the frame and Body was not damaged, I dont know where that load noise came from. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  Source elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));60.4812;-151.1306
