Bone-rattling sonic boom like noise that did not fly by, but ascended directly upward, no visible craft seen. ((anonymous report));2017-03-04 04:00:00;1-2 minutes;Bone-rattling sonic boom like noise that did not fly by, but ascended directly upward, no visible craft seen. I was on the peak of a one story house roofing, when I heard what seemed like a sonic boom—something, living in Alaska, I have only experienced maybe 2 times…  But I remember  distinctly experiencing the first as a child and how it lead me to ask/learn about the speed of sound, etc., after hearing a massive jet fly over, yet looking up to see the only aircraft in the sky was already far far past me.. So on this super chilly yet beautiful BLUEBIRD, (literally not a single cloud visible in the sky) sunny day, I was sitting on the peak of the roof and as with a sonic boom, this out of nowhere, thunder-like BOOMING began so I started to scour the sky for the plane. There is a very small municipal airport nearby, so watching the various and at times quite suspicious types of helicopters/planes that come and go, is something I actively do as we work. As the INTENSE sounds continued it was immediately obvious that the sound was not “flying by” but instead was isolated almost directly above me, a little more towards the north east though. It was if a rocket was taking off above my head but that it was either sooooooooo far up that my (extremely excellent) eyes were unable to see it or that whatever it was, was COMPLETELY invisible.  I have read the unaided human eye can see a candle flame from 30 miles soooo, whatever was producing the noise was not reflecting light, was behind a barrier or was projecting its sound angularly by bouncing it off of a barrier. It was SO LOUD that it literally rattled my bones with cracking and booming, freaking me ((deleted)) out. Another way to describe how the whole thing felt is like the blue of the sky was the surface of water, and I couldn’t see up into it, but right on the other side of the surface was an enormous turbine propeller that literally tore its vessel away with power resulting in what sounded like a sheet of tin, as big as the sky around me, being shaken over and over and over  --like you do with sheet to make a bed.. I searched the sky for any movement- for minutes even after the sound ended. Looking in every direction over and over, closing my eyes a time or two because of the intensity of the sunlight and trying to make sure my eyes combined with the immense field of BLUE NOTHINGNESS, didn’t start playing tricks on me.. Picture me like some freaking crazy-ass, paranoid tweaker, sitting on top of a roof,  in -15F, doing a methodical but semi frantic 360 scan of an empty sky, over and over.... Ohhh how I HOPE someone saw it hahaha There were no planes, birds , clouds, wind--- NOTHING. The noise was of seemed an invisible craft ascending straight up, directly away from the earth until it could not be heard from the ground any longer. I have seen the videos of crafts with chameleon abilities but with those, there were objects and clouds around/behind them so it seemed their movement and outlines were visible. There was nothing but the stop-you-in-your-tracks noise and the nearly impossible-to-describe blue of an Alaskan sky on a below zero, sunny day. I have had two unidentified sightings before this.  The first in late Dec 2013 shared with another witness that was reported—which shared someone else’s similar report on the same day/area on NUFO, and the second not reported from winter of 2015. I wish i had thought to record the sky to see if something was caught... oh well  ........ To me it is insanely humorous how people are told not to believe & neglect their own eyes/hears/senses in general, and how most are willing to ‘accept’ some second hand information or “knowledge” from a complete strangers mouth-- from some device or screen of which they have not even the most basic understanding of its workings, nonetheless! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));60.4812;-151.1306
