it was a orange sphere about the size of a vw bug;1972-06-01 18:00:00;five min;it was a orange sphere about the size of a vw bug around six pm in 1972 my mother,father, my brother and i, witnessed a orange sphere in the field behind our house. the sphere was hovering over a holding corral behind our house. my mother just happened to look out the window and there it was. there was a small building or shed we used as a barn where we kept three horses. the sphere was about the size of a vw bug glowing orange color just smooth and bright. we could here a slight humming sound. it was around 75 yards away hovering about 60 feet from the ground. it hovered over the shed. the horses were behind the building in a pen. we could here the horses sounding off as it hovered there . my mother asked my father should we call the police he said no, they would think we lost our minds and that we are crazy. as we stood in the back door looking out over the back yard area a small clear sphere about the size of a basket ball came from a wooded area from across the creek and desended behind the shed area where the horses were kept. after about five or six minutes, the smaller sphere rose up seemed to enter the larger and the orange sphere rose about one hundred feet cleared all the trees and all at once went straight up into the sky and disappeared instantly. it looked like a spot-light being turned on then off toward the sky for an instant then gone. the next day, we went out to check on the horses to feed them and get them water and all three horses had a hole at the base of the neck at back area about the size of a silver dollar and it was about a half inch deep perfectly round in shape. these were open wounds. it looked like some one had drilled holes in thier backs at the start or base of the mane. two of the three horses healed. the one never recovered. it was the oldest horse of the three. i was around 14 yrears old at that time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));32.9249315789471;-96.8907649122808
