5 seperate appearances of round tinkerbell lights in the sky in chevron formation in sets of 7,7,3,14,7 flew overhead at amazing speed ;2000-04-20 21:35:00;5 minutes;5 seperate appearances of round tinkerbell lights in the sky in chevron formation in sets of 7,7,3,14,7 flew overhead at amazing speed silently my friend and I were walking in the parking lot to her car when we saw what we first thought were a flock of geese.  We both said Wow look at those geese. then we both knew that it wasn't geese because the sky was black and these were lit up.  They wandered in formation from south east to north west across the sky in an arch.  We said Those were not geese.... that was a UFO.  We stood and looked at each other amazed and a little in shock.  Then about 45 seconds to a minute later another group flew over. The first group had 7 in it and so did the second group.  We both yelled there goes another group.  We couldn't believe it.  It took about 5 seconds for them to go from horizon to horizon.  There were airplanes flying around at the time to compare with and these were deffinatly not air planes.  My friend thought maybe a search light but there was no way that these tinkerbell lights could be a search light because of their shape and brightness and they were traveling in a straight line.  We thought maybe they were circling around and around but then while we were talking a group of 3 flew overhead. This group was not as organized as the others were.  They looked as if they were trying to catch up and were bouncing around more than the others were.  By now we were looking in the direction they were comming from waiting for the next group to come.  Our mouths hanging open.  Soon a group of 14 flew over in chevron pattern 7 on one side and 7 on the other side.  I could tell they were not attached lights because they floated around in the formation.  All groups were traveling at about the same speed.  The group of 3 going the slowest.  We were yelling and bouncing up and down as we turned and watched them  until they were out of sight.  We were both covered in goose bumps and starting to shake.  Then the next group of 7 flew directly over us. That was the closest group.  There was not a sound from any of them. We waited for several minutes but no more appeared.  The entire sighting was about 3 to 5 minut! es long.;41.1315;-112.0469
