Low flying, Silent, triangular with four lights, One steady light on each rounded corner and one swirling light in the center.;1997-08-15 22:30:00;10-15 seconds;Low flying, Silent, triangular with four lights, One steady light on each rounded corner and one swirling light in the center. I was laying out on the hood of my friends truck looking up at the night sky like I usually do when out of the corner of my eye I saw what I thought was a low flying plane from the base. As it got closer I realized that it was not a plane. I didn't know what it was but I couldn't take my eyes off of it. It flew about two to three hundred yards off the ground and it didn't make any noise at all. It was kind of a triangle shape with rounded corners and on each corner it had a yellowish white light. In the center there was a slightly bigger light that seemed to swirl, the reason I say it swirled is because it had a curved line that went from the center point out to the rim and it kept going around the rim. I stood up on my friends hood and watched it as it flew west over the lake and behind Antelope Island. I only told a few people what I saw because I wasn't sure who would believe me but one of the people I did tell was my wife who I met and married 1998. In about Late May to early June of 1999 her and I were in my grandmas back yard laying down and talking about the stars and which one was ours when out of nowhere the same exact odbject appeared above us flying in a southward direction. It made no sound and flew about the same height. It scared the heck out of my wife cause she used to be in the Air Force and had never seen anything like it. Niether one of us is sure what it was or where it came from but we do know that it was something extraordinary. To this day we still sit out at night hoping that we will get to see it again.;41.1315;-112.0469
We observed a low flying craft (aprox.100yards up ) hovering over head and moving in a westerly direction. The movement was slow.;1997-09-25 22:00:00;60-90 seconds;We observed a low flying craft (aprox.100yards up ) hovering over head and moving in a westerly direction. The movement was slow. Aproxamatly 2200 hours mountain standard time a friend of mine and I were standing in the parking lot of our apartments talking. I noticed a very slow moving object out of the corner of my eye. I turned to look at for two reasons 1. we live near Hill AFB and I like to watch the aircraft take off. 2. I noticed that this craft was moving at a very slow rate of speed. Upon closer observation we both noticed that is was only about 150 yards up. The craft we were looking at was a triangular shape with three seperate lights. We atributed these lights to being wing and nose lights. As it neared us we realized that we were wrong about the lights and the origin of this craft. What we were seeing was lights that were more towards the center bottom of the object. The one thing that really struck us as not being right ws the fact that as low as it was flying there was not a single bit of sound coming from it. After the event took place we both decided that maybe we shouldn't say anything to anyone in fear of ridicule.. A little background on us. He is currently working for a construction company. I was in the Army Infantry for about 9 months until I got a medical release for an injury I sustained to my left knee. At the time of the event I was not employed and was preparing to move to California.;41.1315;-112.0469
3 triangle white glowing luminous shapes flying formation hovered then changed direction and disappeared;2003-06-05 23:00:00;7 secs;3 triangle white glowing luminous shapes flying formation hovered then changed direction and disappeared 3 triangle shaped glowing white luminous lights flew towards us from the south flying in formation. The shapes came to an abrupt halt hovering, one light or shape slighly back from the other two.  The shapes flew southward again, then on a straight angle headed north west disappearing completely out of sight;41.1315;-112.0469
