24 amber orbs hovering in Houston sky at 2AM 12.21.12;2012-12-21 02:00:00;1.5 hours;24 amber orbs hovering in Houston sky at 2AM 12.21.12 12.21.2012 Webster TX. 2AM     I was on the phone with my friend, when I saw an amber colored light rise from the tree line.  Living close to NASA and ELINGTON FIELD, I was used to seeing odd lights and aircraft.  I mentioned seeing something odd and as soon as I did, 2 additional orbs appeared creating a triangular shape.  I told my friend what I was seeing, he had doubts as did I.  A strand of 3 lights appeared to the left.  They rose quickly in a perfect line, and also took shape as a triangle.  The orbs in total were 6, brilliant and amber/orange in color.  They slowly turned and faced the south where they disappeared through the tree line.     I was in shock. I ran inside and woke my wife to tell her what I had seen.  I involuntarily frightened her, but asked her to come see with me. She decided to stay in bed, but I wanted to see more.  Still on the phone, I went back out and continued watching the tree linew in the same southern direction.  A total of 3 more times, orbs rose in the sky forming two large pyramid shapes. In all, I saw 24 orbs this morning.     I tried to record what I saw with my phone, but after coming inside, I realized my camera phone was facing the wrong way, so there was just darkness and the sound of my voice in the video. I'll never forgive myself. I know what I saw though and it was not candles or balloons in the sky. The patterns were too precise. The distance from me was 10 miles at most, and the orbs size and position only helped confirm the enormous size of each triangle that formed in the sky.     I will be sitting at my back door with a camera facing the right direction, precisely at 2 o'clock tomorrow morning for another once in a lifetime chance to catch what I saw hovering quietly in the night.      I hope that others thinking they saw something this night won't feel alone. I saw it too.    True Believer Webster Tx.;29.551;-95.1435
