Circular pulsating lights approximately 1 mile in distance from observers.;1998-02-06 19:06:00;5 Mins.;Circular pulsating lights approximately 1 mile in distance from observers. My son and I were in the backyard throwing the football.  My son noticed two pulsing bright white objects approximately one mile away.  They were located low on the horizon and were less than four inches apart when meaured at arms length.  The lights emitted charateristics not common to any aircraft or object previously known to us.  The light was circular with a definite edge, not diffused. We were not able to see any form or shape of the object emitting the lights.  The lights were arranged horizontally, pulsing on and off  but not at the same time.  Alternately, the lights would pulse vertically, diagonally and then return to the horizontal.  This was repeated with no apparent pattern.  When we would move, the lights would move in the same direction.  The objects seemed to move slowly across the horizon then away from us, leaving in a rapid fashion.  As they moved away, they continued to pulsate, sometimes closely together, and other times far apart.  All at once, they disappeared.  We were both very excited/scared for a few hours after this incident occurred, and had a rough time sleeping that night.;29.551;-95.1435
The speed it moved is unbelievable it was nothing from this world for sure.;2008-07-04 04:00:00;20 minutes;The speed it moved is unbelievable it was nothing from this world for sure. I was outside having a smoke when I noticed a light like a plane towards the Gulf of Mexico that was traveling towards the east then it stopped and started traveling north super fast then it stopped and started going around at a super high rate of speed then it would dash in a straight line and stop one time it looked as if it was lower because I could more lights on it the shape was oblong in shape then it shot right above me and stopped at that point I went inside and bought my son outside he saw it as well but it was traveling away from us going south at a slow rate of speed nothing like when I saw it zipping around and around I live five miles from NASA Space Center I thought that Ellington Air Force base would have picked it up on radar but I saw no jets in the area. I would sure like to talk to someone about this?;29.551;-95.1435
Stange tube like object with lights on it.;2008-11-06 05:40:00;30 Seconds;Stange tube like object with lights on it. I don't know if a satellite or if the space station passes by here at this time of the morning but it looked kinda like a plane but with no wings I saw lights on it like if it was but none of the lights were blinking like a plane does and it was in the shape of a tube but there was no noise at all it was totally silent it came from the N/W side of Houston and passed by Webster and kept going in the direction of the Gulf of Mexico.   Now im thinking if this was a satellite or space station why could I see it that low and I saw more than one light on it.  Now I have seen jets/planes fly by here but there is always a sound as it passes by so im confused. I hope someone can shed some light on this.;29.551;-95.1435
