Saturn shaped U.F.O.;1980-05-15 22:00:00;3 minutes;Saturn shaped U.F.O. I was a passenger in a car with my brother and parents when i looked out to the north and saw this light.  It was very distinct and only a few hundred yards away.  It was right over the tallest buildings in St. Cloud.  It looked exactly like the planet Saturn.  It was a perfect sphere with a ring around the center.  The ring was also very distinct.  It was the color orange like molten metal.  Although i could see no structure on it,  it was obviously rotating.  If you looked down at it from the top,  it was spinning counter-clockwise.  As it was rotating, (about 1 rev. per second) the whole thing would tilt 90 degrees toward me,  hold for about 2 seconds and then tilt back to the upright position.  Then it would tilt 90 degrees away from me,  hold for about 2 seconds and then tilt back upright again.  After righting itself,  it tilted to the left, back up again,  and then 90 degrees to the right.  Once it righted itself,  the whole tilting process started ov! er again,  tilting toward me.  When it was tilted away or toward me,  counting the diameter of the ring,  it was the size of a full moon.  I don't know what the size was.  The tallest buildings in town are 6 stories which is i think 60 feet.  This object was about 2 to 3 times higher than the buildings were. I can't believe that everybody wasn't stopping and staring at this.  It was pretty spectacular and was burned into my head as one of my clearest memories.  I have looked for this exact u.f.o online, and have seen somewhat similar ones but none exactly like this except for a book in the library. The book had a page of different u.f.o.'s.  All were just drawings.  In the middle of the page,  in a rectangle was a handful of drawings that was titled, The most commonly seen u.f.o.'s,  and there it was!  It was a drawing of exactly what i saw.  The closest picture i've seen was a black and white pic from Spain. Somethings out there.  I know it for a fact although i can't say for sure what it is. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));45.5569925925923;-94.1846209876546
Large, black, foil / wing flying low over field near highway in dayimte.;2002-11-28 10:30:00;~1 minute;Large, black, foil / wing flying low over field near highway in dayimte. My fiancee and I were driving north on highway 94 north of Rogers, and south of St. Cloud, when I looked to the west (my left) and noticed something gliding over a nearby field. My fiancee was driving, and I was a passenger in the backseat with her elderly grandmother in the front. I told her to take a look, but since she was driving, she only caught a short glimpse of the object. Her grandmother was unfortunately unable to turn and look at it. My fiancee told me she had seen it, and asked if I could tell what it was, to which I replied, not sure, but it doesn't look like any kind of plane I've ever seen. As she continued to drive, the object was hovering slightly above the field at about 20 feet or so, then began to sprint in the same direction as our car was traveling (north). It quickly caught up to our speed (about 75 mph.), and then rose up to about 200 feet or so and stalled, then dropped to about 20 feet again, turned 180 degrees and took off in the opposite direction (south). Once more it stopped, hovered for 2-3 seconds, then turned once more and took off at a fast pace. Finally, we were to far down the highway to see anymore. I am not an aviator or engineer of any kind, but from my distance (about 200-250 yards away), it appeared to be approximately 20-25 feet from wingtip to wingtip, and was about 4-5 feet wide in the middle. It was all black with no visible lights, and was in the shape of an air-foil or kinda folded wing like an upside down, elongated U. It appeared to have no external propeller or engine, and no cockpit or apparent area for a passenger. I saw no people anywhere nearby in the field to make me think it was some sort of radio-controlled airplane if it was, it was the largest radio controlled object I have ever seen! It was broad daylight at about 10:30 am with partly cloudy skies, and a slight wind from the west. I have included a map showing the approximate area we were, the direction we were traveling, the direstion(s) the object was traveling, and an illustration of what I saw. I hope this information is helpful, and I hope someone else saw what I saw.;45.5569925925923;-94.1846209876546
