I know this was not normal aircraft. It stayed in one place for a very long time and then simply vanished.;2001-02-19 21:00:00;1hr. at least;I know this was not normal aircraft. It stayed in one place for a very long time and then simply vanished. At approximately 21:00 hrs. I saw a round object that I at first thought was an unusually big and bright star. I was driving at the time, so I was not sure if it was moving or not. I sopped about two miles from my house to look at it. It did not move. It was over my left shoulder. It was fairly high in the sky, but looked big. At times it seemed as if a halo was around it. I continued home and when I got there the starwas over my right shoulder. (I'm not sure whether it moved or not while I was driving. It seemed to, but who can be sure when they are moving themselves?)I got out of my car and watched it for a while. It stayed in the exact same spot. I had my neighbors outside light (1/8 mi. down the road if that) and trees as a reference point. I finally went in and ate. I went back out to check on the star. It was still there in the same spot. I hadn't called anyone nearby, I was afraid I'd look stupid. There was a whole lot of activity in the air, which is unusual where I live. I'm way out in the country. None of the aircraft approached the object that I could tell. I went back in and picked up my camera, not really thinking I could get a decent picture but I might be able to get a better look at it through my 300mm lens. It was gone. But there were other strange things happening. Across the road, I could see lights moving through the trees. The lights were fairly big so I could not justify what I was seeing with my own eyes. they were kind off light pinkish orange. This is the best I can describe them. This continued for another 1/2 hour or so at random. When the big star had left, the air traffic had also calmed down. This star was big and I don't understand my hesitation in calling for a witness. I didn't call anybody until it was all over. Ther's one thing I left out and it might seem crazy, but I got really sleepy at one point and went in to lay down. I fell asleep, but it wasn't long. the dog was barking like crazy and my cell phone was ringing,so I woke up. That's when I grabbed my camera ! and went outside. Like I said it was gone. I looked all around the sky to see if had moved with the rest of the stars. It simply was not there. That's why I am convinced I saw something unusual. I called my local airport, they were of no help. I also called the county communications department, they didn't know anything. I called several other places to no avail. I called the Richmond Air port this morning and they referred me to your number. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the wintess, and she seemed serious and credible to us.  However, we suspect she may have been looking at Venus.  We have no explanation for the lights that were apparently seen moving through the trees.  PD));37.736;-77.6964
