I saw what looked like a person standing by a house staring into the window this person was not your ordinary person.;2019-12-01 00:30:00;20 minutes;As I was driving home from working in Bath with my daughter, I took the road I have always taken (the middle rd). As we drove thru woolwich maine, I drove by this white house which I've driven by tons of times.  As I passed this house I noticed something very unusual. I came up over the hill just passing into woolwich, when I saw what looked like a person standing by a house staring into the window.  I kinda stared for a minute, but kept driving thinking well that was really strange.  Kinda kept playing in my head what I had just witness as this person was not your ordinary person. It was right there in the open in the light, but yet it looked like a dark person. I did notice in the quick moment that, it had shorter arms then any human I'd seen, and very long slender legs, with no remembrance of clothes.  I started kinda getting an uneasy feeling, but kept going. Not even 5 seconds down the road, and I mean within seconds of finishing my last thought. I looked out my rearview mirror, and there was this light.  Just one, very low to the ground about the size of a basketball.  My instincts at first was a car with one headlight or a motorcycle. Then I remembered the figure at the window, and my body instantly covered in goosebumps. I kept driving which normally I'd have pulled over to let them pass as I have difficulty driving at night sometimes. The light that was following my car, was white and it was very low to the ground, like right at my back window.  Then it would slightly pull back, then it would disappear.  But seconds later it would be there again...  it kept coming and going.  It was not always on the same side of the road, but the idea was all the same.  So after about the 5th time this happened, I sped up. As I sped up I kept talking to my daughter not saying much, just reassuring myself she was still with me.  I at some points was going 70 mph because I was so scared, but it just kept catching up to me.  I floored it and just kept looking forward, but glancing in the rearview mirror. It followed me all the way to the end of the road. Once home and shaken and scared to death, I asked her if she had seen anything strange.  And she too had seen the light and said it kept making a flash before disappearing. I have never experienced anything like this as I said, and I've taken that particular road everyday to and from work.;43.9508;-69.79
