ORANGE BALL  As I was approaching the top of Hill Street in Jessup, PAjust before the Stop sign at the Luppini Clock as I looked up;2009-08-10 21:14:00;05 minutes;ORANGE BALL  As I was approaching the top of Hill Street in Jessup, PAjust before the Stop sign at the Luppini Clock as I looked up straight towards the Casey Highway at the Exit with Pa Rte 247 I noticed an Orange Ball decending and heading toward the little league municipal ball park as it was hidden in the residual storm clouds from an earlier down pour and was getting ready to do the same. The very low lying storm clouds were up against this part of the Moosic Mountain and the Orange Ball glowed through the light gray dense type atmosphere descending floating downwardly like a parachute. My first thought was that it was an approaching plane going into the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre International Airport after clearing the Omni Guidance Tower atop Archbald's Salem Road Mountain Top [elev 2200'], but that the Orange Ball was  under 2000' elevation too low for normally approaching aircraft! I approached me from the East as I awaited it to change course to the South West, the norm, as it never did I suddenly realized it was something different! The clock was 9:14 Luppini time, only found in Jessup, PA. After stopping for the Stop sign, I traveled about 600 feet and pulled off the road just as another car passed me. I was across from an inspection station garage. I got out of the car as the Orange Ball was descending toward the ball park's high tension power lines that cut right through the middle of the complex three fields plus. I could hear an electronic type crackling noise very similar to a continuous mosquito zapper as it approached closer in the near still quiet! A sliver in the clouds opened up leaving me with a clear overview! The Orange Ball was headed toward the top of the high tension electrical lines for sure! My immediate view was now looking straight up under it as if it were an ultra-lite type aircraft. It was stepping downwardly by first floating forward and slightly upwardly in a jerking type motion going out about 50 feet or so with four or five jerks then dropping down sharply at a very steep slope rapidly coming to a stop (similar to a mountain climber descending a steep incline) It then repeated this over and over again step by step coming down slow but surely and cautiously! I seemed to be aware of my presence as may have been the reason it was so cautious. I observed this for about 8 to 10 downward steps now having descended about 800 feet and still coming down! I immediately rushed back into the car to dig out an old 35 mm camera in a box in the back seat and tried to get a shot using the camera setting in place as it was dark and I had no light! While doing this I missed the low point of the Orange Ball as it was already stepping upwardly reversing steps and I only got one shot because as I rewound the   sudden down pour of rain was unbelievable. The clouds closed up and in upon the Orange Ball as I dove back into the car all wetalong with the camera! It should be noted that when first sighted the size appeared to be about half the)size of a car (elev 2000')and about the size of a car at its lowest point(elev 500'). It's apperance was multi colored 1) black nose, 2) then dark red behind the black, 3) then red behind the dark red, 4) then dark orange behind the red, 5) then  bright orange behind the dark orange, 6) then bright white light behind the bright orange. The Orange Ball made no noise with exeption to the electrical crackling and zapping as it moved very slowly in a floating like motion! I think it was gathering the lose EMFs from atop the high tension electrical power lines like maybe rechargin itself! Last fourth of July two groups both before and after the fire works display observed the Orange Ball! Over the last 40 or so years many have reported white blob type sightings usually under 200 feet. It acted like a timmed animal when being fed some food off the back porch as it was so-so cautious as it knew it could not come in contact the electrical power lines and unable to see clearly in the low lyng rain clouds, but!probably needed to recharge or die! If only I had my binoculars as at its lowest point (400' elev) I could have really seened the detail. I then went down Hill Street to the Convient Mart to see if the local Cops were on their coffee break but no one was around! I then proceeded to Frank's in Simpson for a late dinner another place were some type of UFOs come and go up the Lackawanna River Basin toward the headwaters in Arart, PA, their  apparant area of interest when traveling through! The total time of this sighting was about 5 minutes.  DATED: 8/10/09 ((NUFORC Note:  Witness describes himself as a professional engineer.  We suspect that he probably is a very skilled, very discriminating, observer.  PD));41.4745;-75.5649
