Diamond-like shaped black UFO with no lights spotted in Denton TX in the middle of the night at low altitude;2012-09-23 02:30:00;6-10 seconds;Diamond-like shaped black UFO with no lights spotted in Denton TX in the middle of the night at low altitude UFO Sighting | Denton, TX | 0230 am *please note that I was unable to take a picture for two reasons:  1. The craft had NO LIGHTS! This was by FAR the most interesting thing about my sighting  2. The craft was flying too fast and the sighting only lasted 6-10 seconds, I was too busy trying to focus my eyes on the craft so I could remember it and rule out a bird or airplane there was no time to go grab my cell phone, and the picture would not have turned out anyway due to the color-matching of craft and sky.   Taking a picture MAY have been possible with decent equipment/night vision/quick reflexes but I don’t carry that stuff around just in case! Specific location of sighting: On the Northwest corner of Oak and Locust, looking East Witnesses:  From what I know, and please remember the time of night, I was the only person so see it.  It was a fluke by all accounts.  I was talking to my ‘date’ about my love of the sky and how beautiful the stars were.  When I looked up, within minutes of 0230 am, this is when I noticed it and my skin began to tingle!   After the 5 seconds of awe-struck staring, I quickly yelled, interrupting my dates talking to say there’s a UFO right there, but he thought I was kidding, so by the time I had pointed my finger at where the craft was, it either had disappeared or faded into the sky roughly 3-5 miles in front of us (I am no pro at judging distance but it was definitely close- as a side note, I would have attempted to take 380 East in an attempt to see if I could locate it again, but it was 0230 in the morning and I had to wake up at 5 am!  I didn’t think my excuse of following a UFO for being late would have gone over very well.)  Visual conditions: No cloud-cover what-so-ever, clear night, not many stars visible due to light pollution  Duration of sighting: 6-10 seconds of visual, from midpoint of the sky until craft faded or disappeared  Sound: None   Direction of flight: almost EXACTLY from West to East, this can be judged because the highway 380 is almost a perfect West to East direction. Shape of craft: between a diamond, teardrop & triangle Color of craft: black, blended almost completely into the dark night sky, but please remember there was quite a bit of noticeable light pollution, which enabled me to initially see the outline and then focus on what was happening. This is hard to judge because this craft almost appeared to be intentionally the same color as the night. If it had been darker out, I know it would not have been visible. Height from ground: Approximately 500 feet (this is a guess, I am not too familiar with judging distances) – if you were to look up into the sky, the size would appear to resemble the size of 2 thumbs-widths and was not high enough to have been in clouds, had there been any. Wish I could describe this better. Speed: Roughly 3 times faster than a plane may be seen traveling at the same altitude Size: unknown, however, I would guess  around 150-200 feet long.;33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
