bright red, heart shaped vehicle flying above tree tops mid-afternoon on a clear, sunny day day;1975-05-15 13:00:00;2 minutes;bright red, heart shaped vehicle flying above tree tops mid-afternoon on a clear, sunny day day This sighting was sometime mid-afternoon on a bright sunny day.  I am not sure of the exact year but it was most likely in the mid 1970's.  I grew up as an Air Force brat and my father was chief executive officer (director) for the Air Force Museum at Wright-Patterson AFB in Dayton, OH for 5 years. Therefore, I am and was familiar with nearly every aircraft our military has flown. At the time of the sighting, I lived on a 98-acre farm just north of Denton,TX, and I was a high school teacher. The farm was located in a creek bottom area in a flood plain adjacent to Core of Engineers property. My mail box was located about 1/4 mile from the house on the blacktop road above (elev.) the creek bottom. As I got out to check my mail, the object flew directly over me and across the tree tops in a NW direction. My description of the object and event: Bright fire-engine red heart-shape like a thick, fat Valentine heart (the pointed end of the heart was the forward or leading edge) no visible windows: no noise no vapor trail air speed was about 50 to 60 mph flew in a straight line only, no turns. I am guessing that it flew only about 100 to 200 feet above me and estimate it's size to be in length and width approx. about the same as an F-16 fighter jet, it was in a thick, heart-shape as I stated earlier. I knew immediately that this was not something I could explain or that it was anything I had seen before. I was excited, jumped back into my truck as I watched in cruising away, and raced to the house to ask my wife and a girlfriend of hers if they saw it or heard anything since the object had to fly almost directly over the farm house. They did not hear or see anything. I drove back to the mail box so I could see over the trees and of course it had disappeared. I don't know why I never reported this until now except that I have never seen or heard of a report of a UFO that describes something similiar or exactly what I saw. I know what I saw, it was a perfectly clear day, and it was too close to me for me to be mistaken or confused about its description. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
