Black triangle spotted over highway in the night sky;2000-11-13 18:30:00;2 minutes;Black triangle spotted over highway in the night sky Saw a perfect triangle shaped object about 50-60 stories above the ground directly over the highway I was traveling on.  The object had one red light and one blue light, but they did not blink and were not very bright...in fact if I was not looking in the right place at the right time, I would never have seen the object. The object was darker than the night sky, because when it went overhead the night sky helped to determine its shape.  Truely an awesome sight.;33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
Triangle of lights. Very large object west of Denton. Sat still for 10 seconds before fading from view.;2004-12-11 21:00:00;12-15 seconds;Triangle of lights. Very large object west of Denton. Sat still for 10 seconds before fading from view. A friend and I were standing in my driveway talking when he noticed a formation of three lights roughly 3-7 miles west of us in the direction of Fort Worth. The lights sat perfectly still for around 10 seconds then slowly faded in unison.  The space between the lights was dark, indicating a solid object. Two of the lights were blueish-green while one of them had an orange tint to it. Altitude was hard to judge (probably around 2 miles). The object was in the area east-northeast of Texas motor speedway. There were no clouds and visibility was extremely clear. This object was huge. Far larger than any aircraft I know of.  My friend and I are somewhat knowledgeable on aircraft. Particularly fighter jets. We frequently attend airshows and have never seen an airborne object this size. I was reluctant to report this but upon recent investigation I have found a few similar reports. There is a small airfield named Alliance fairly close to where this took place but there is no question that this was FAR to large to be a commercial airliner.;33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
At 9:45 pm I was walking north on Fulton. Here in Denton it's clear skies with a waxing moon, but a thunderstorm in Oklahoma was reall;2017-07-02 21:45:00;5 minutes;At 9:45 pm, I was walking north on Fulton.  Here in Denton, it's clear skies with a waxing moon, but a thunderstorm in Oklahoma was really lighting up the northern horizon, and I was watching it blaze away as I walked.   My attention was focused on the sky, and as I was passing the high school, I saw a bright green light, falling from the top of sky and down, northward.  A green meteor!  Must be a piece of on-fire nickel, burning green - that's what I thought at first - and then it just abruptly disappeared.  No sparks, no luminescent trail, no after-image.  Then it appeared again, still moving along the same path.  Then it disappeared again... was it blinking?  Yeah, it was blinking.  Huh.  Must not have been a meteor after all.  Then it stopped blinking and accelerated, and I lost sight of it behind the football stands. What the heck was that, thought I?  An airplane? I've never seen an airplane with just one green blinking light.  Red light-blue light, red light-green light, yeah... but never just green light-green light.  Whuthuh?  What the heck was that?  A drone?  Definitely not a UFO, right?  Well.  That was weird. I had just about settled down again to a regular pace when I saw a spire of light appear suddenly to the north.  It was long and tapered, like an icicle, and it was either shining up from the northern horizon like a stalagmite, or shining down from the clouds like a spotlight.  I couldn't tell which, but it was moving from east to west, covering about 10 degrees of arc per second. Now, seriously.  Come on...  WHUT. THUH?  I watched it for about five seconds, in a kind of stupor, until it moved behind some trees and I lost sight of it.   I ran back toward the football field and past the stands to get a better view, but it had disappeared.  I stood still for about a minute, watching the sky and wondering what would happen next... and then the green light appeared again!  It was closer this time, and I could see that it wasn't a single light.  It was actually three green lights, huddled closely together, in the shape of a triangle... HUH???  I watched as it hung in the air, perfectly still, and then it began to move to the left, accelerating.  It went out again for about two seconds, and when it came back on it was perfectly still.  Then it moved again, to the right this time, and then it went out again.  When it came on again it described a speeding up, slowing down, to the left then to the right, then up, and then a sharp curve downward motion, and then it accelerated along its original path and disappeared.  It didn't appear again. WOW!!! HOW COOL WAS THAT???;33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
