Slow moving object splits and one part sped away while the bigger part slowly moved in the opposite direction.;1972-10-01 04:00:00;less than 10 minutes but ;Slow moving object splits and one part sped away while the bigger part slowly moved in the opposite direction. On approximately October 1, 2, or 3rd, 1972, my husband and I were traveling westbound on State Hwy 24  (now US Hwy 380) just east of the city of Denton, Texas.  It was between midnight and 6:00 am.  Both of us saw a lighted object ahead of us, not too far above treetops moving very slowly to the north.  My husband remembers it to have an orange glowing color. When we first saw the object, it was south of the highway and moving slowly northward.  We looked at each other and asked if the other was also seeing the strange light moving at the unusually slow speed.  Both of us did so my husband stopped the car on the shoulder of the roadway and we continued to watch from within the car. The lighted object moved northward across Hwy 380 very slowly.  At some point, when the object was north of Hwy 380, the object came to a stop and seemed to split into two parts.  The smaller part continued its northerly path, but at a very high rate of speed.  It was gone in a matter of seconds.  The other part appeared to returned southward across the highway from where it had originated but moved much more slowly than its first approach.  We watched both parts until they were out of sight.  The entire sighting took place over the course of  less than  5-10 minutes. We have never forgotten it.  We have never seen anything like it since then, but both of us believe that what we saw was not something we have seen before or since. My husband born in Denton and was 32 at the time of this sighting.  He was employed by a local municipality where he went on to work until retirement 26 years later.  We raised two children and have continued to live in Denton. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
I was walking home from the Library at North Texas State University after the Library closed.  From a distance, I saw a large red glowi;1974-10-01 01:00:00;10 min;I was walking home from the Library at North Texas State University after the Library closed.  From a distance, I saw a large red glowing light near my apartment. As I got closer, I thought it was actually a new sign over the local convient store.  When I got under the large glowing light, I realized for the first time it was not supported by any pole.  I could not figure out how store could do that. The light made no sound and did not move.  I moved away from the store to look for some form of support.  It was not more than 10-20 feet above the store.   I was the only one out at that time.  As I was watching the light, it finally dawned on me that it was not supported and in fact it was flying on its own.  A guy in a truck came around the corner and pulled over to see it as well.  I asked him to observe independently and not speak to me.  We would exchange phone numbers and write our own description of what we saw.  We would get in touch with each other the next day and go to the authorities.  He agreed.  As we both stood there, the light without any noise moved laterally from the store directly over both of us. I could not see any structure of any type.  Just a bright red light.  I picked up a rock to see if there was any structure there but I could not reach it by throwing the rock.  It moved laterally back over the store and then back over us.  Then in a flash it was gone through the universe leaving a bright red streak of light at a slight angle up.  It never made a sound of any type.  The guy got in his truck and refused to give me his number.  He said he was way to spooked to ever want to talk about this again.  When I got to my apartment, I told my roommate about what I had seen.  He said that that there had been sightings all night and people calling in on the radio talk shows.  The next day in the Denton papers, the FAA said that they were using weather balloons and they were all accounted for and nothing else was in the sky that night. The story died right there.  I know there is no balloon that can hover without moving, put out a blinding red light like that, move laterally and then shoot through the sky at the speed of light.  I have never reported this to any publication of any kind since the guy took off. Recently almost 34 years later in Stephenville, Texas there were multiple sightings and many of the witness who said they saw what they believed to be UFOs.  They were interviewed on Larry King and one description was exactly what I saw.  Stephenville is within 300 miles of Denton Texas. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
Slow moving aircraft that would change lights from white to red, and made a quiet droning sound.;2002-02-28 03:00:00;3 minutes;Slow moving aircraft that would change lights from white to red, and made a quiet droning sound. I was driving home from work at about 2:30 in the morning. Out of my window I saw a high flying object that was a blinking red light. Out of my window the object appeared to be moving in an eratic pattern, no set course. I thought that this was probably an illusion because of the motion of my vehicle. I continued to watch the object however. On getting closer to my house, I saw another one of these objects. This one was closer. I could make out 3 blinking lights, that seemed to blink in a pattern. This object did not appear to fly eratically, but the blinking of the lights appeared almost in a revolving motion. In addition, flying lower than this object, looked to be a slow moving passenger plane. It had the front white headlights of an airplane. All of a sudden, the white headlights turned off and the object was blinking red lights. I finally got to my house and it was 3 o'clock in the morning. I was extremely hopeful I could get a good look at one of these objects on the ground. Then off in the distance I saw a slow moving object with two white headlights coming toward me. Again, it appeared to be a plane, moving at a set flight path. The object dropped altitude and continued to come closer. Once it got closer, the object appeared to turn, but it did not turn at an angle like a plane. It appeared to make a horizontal right turn. At the instant it made the turn, the white lights shut off and red blinking lights came on. I made out 4 red blinking lights. The object flew low and parallel to my house. As it flew by it made sort of a quiet droning noise. Hard to describe the noise because I've never heard a plane make that monotonous sound before. I could not make out the outline or shape of the aircraft. I would estimate its size to be about that of a small jetliner (737), but again, that is hard to determine, based on the fact that the red lights were all blinking from the rear. The object never displayed both white and red lights congruently. This aircraft was very mysterious and interesting to watch. This is just speculation, but this aircraft seemed almost as if it was trying to simulate an airplane. That night, I saw 3 of these objects. The longest duration was at my house for approximately 3 minutes.;33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
Green light hovering of I35W denton texas hovered moved right to left very fast then went south suddenly;2009-10-27 17:30:00;20 seconds;Green light hovering of I35W denton texas hovered moved right to left very fast then went south suddenly Driving on I35W looked up and caught a green blur up in sky hovering... It then moved quickly to the east, hovered again, then sped to the south very quickly and dissapeared.  Much faster than any plane or known aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));33.212077206947;-97.1221538350239
