2 lights over the Atlantic Ocean zipping around eachother.;2001-08-16 22:00:00;30 seconds;2 lights over the Atlantic Ocean zipping around each other. At the start of the boardwalk in Seaside Heights, NJ, I was standing on the pier that juts out over the ocean.  My friend and I were talking and looking out at the sea & stars and there was an elderly couple standing next to us using one of those viewers mounted to the pier on a stand.  We were watching what looked like 2 airplane lights moving toward eachother slowly, one from the S & one from the N.  There was nothing strange about the lights at this point.  Suddenly, the one on the right (moving S to N) accelerated and zoomed toward the one on the left.  Then, the one on the left (moving N to S) circled very quickly around the other, almost like a fast mid-air dance, and shot off very fast up to the left (the opposite direction) at a diagonal and disappeared!  The one that was moving S to N continued moving in that same northward direction at the same altitude and its original velocity as though nothing happened.  Well my friend and I both said, Did you ! see that?!, and the couple next to us quickly looked into the viewer at the area and the man said to his wife, We'd better get out of here. and they left.  This confirmed that they saw it too. There was no sound associated with these objects and the color of the one on the left was slightly greenish while the one on the right had a slightly reddish orange color.  The color difference helped to differentiate and keep track of the objects as they zipped around eachother. I'd like to add that I'm a scientist and have spent years playing this over in my mind to try and figure it out but I don't have an explanation.  There is an airforce base a few towns over so it's possible it was just some aircraft from there, but I haven't seen anything maneuver like this before or since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));39.9462;-74.0813
Three people witnessed a bright red light over sea staying as still as a star, moving slowly, stopping, and vanishing.;2018-08-12 22:00:00;2 minutes;Three people witnessed a bright red light over sea staying as still as a star, moving slowly, stopping, and vanishing. At approximately 22:00 on August 12, 2018, I observed a UFO with my brother and mother.  It was seen from a second story deck about 400 feet from the ocean.  The light appeared in the direction of the ocean it was a bright red light.   I shifted my body from side to side to try and estimate the distance of the light from me.  I was able to tell, based on a beachside restaurant that the light was above, that the light was with 100% certainty out over sea.  It was not moving at all, remaining completely still, initially leading us to believe it was a star or planet that was having a strange effect from the atmosphere/light of the boardwalk (again, the light was a very, very vivid red, like a traffic light).   After about one minute of observing it staying completely still, it began to move South, or to the right from our perspective looking out at the ocean. It moved very smoothly fluidly.  My brother proclaimed that it was just a helicopter, but I dismissed that because there was very clearly not a blinking light of any kind, and we did not hear propellers.  It smoothly came to a stop again after about 10 seconds of southward travel.  At this time, I suggested that it could be a drone.  Even though it was clearly out at sea by a significant distance, we accepted that this was a likely scenario.  Shortly after we reached this conclusion, however, the light went out. As if someone flipped a switch, it was gone.  I did not think a drone would do this, and a helicopter *absolutely* would not. I cannot completely rule out that it was a drone, but I must reiterate that it was a fair distance out at sea, as the three of us had concluded based on moving from side to side and seeing that the light not move while buildings right on the beach did.;39.9462;-74.0813
