Original observation of bright lights of craft 20-25 miles away lost sight of craft for awhile as I meandered through hills on way hom;1999-09-30 22:30:00;45 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Subsequent to submittal of original report, witness reconstructed  the correct date of 30SE99 by using her cancelled and time-stamped personal check.  We correct the date here, and include her addendum.)) BEGIN ADDENDUM: Date revision requested: Hard evidence of actual date of event received by me from my Bank. I requested copy of a check that I had written to the supermarket minutes after the sighting and right before they closed at 23:00. Check confirmed: 9/30/99 22:58:54 - what makes this unusual are several issues. (read on.....) I am adding this addendum to my original report to amend the sighting date by 24 hours (from 10/01/99 to 9/30/99). The supporting evidence was photocopied to me by my Bank at my request, and features the critical time/date stamped verification on my personal check which I wrote at the grocery market immediately following this sighting event.  Of additional importance:  it is extremely rare that I ever shop for anything on a week night.  Days at work during ongoing projects are commonly 15 hour work days weeknight shopping is usually out of the question!  Otherwise, I have already submitted my original report along with drawings and maps. END ADDENDUM Original observation of bright lights of craft 20-25 miles away lost sight of craft for awhile as I meandered through hills on way home sighted craft again as I descended into Fairfield huge (!) craft hovered motionless 800 to 1000 feet above major highway as if WANTING to be seen.  I stopped at side of highway to observe and although hundreds of other cars passed by this thing also, I seemed to have been the only one willing to stop.Odd! Fascinating! Scarey! Astounded to hear on Art Bell program of 1/21/00 that some police had seen similar object.  This thing is huge...several football fields in size. On or about October 1, 1999 I was just finishing up at a job site in San Rafael, California. At approximately 10:00 pm I was heading home to Fairfield which is about a 45 minute drive eastbound across Highway 37 through Vallejo and then northbound on Highway 80.  Travis Air Force Base is about 5 miles east of Fairfield.  The whole trip is about 30 miles. I am a professional Account Manager/ Project Manager with a bachelors degree in Design I have also spent about 10 years as a flight attendant.  I know what various aircraft look like and what the typical lights on aircraft look like even from a distance.  My vision is extremely good and I am a well balanced individual.  Still, the events I am about to share always puts one on the defensive...trying to put all this into some perspective is difficult because I have no point of perspective from which to start!! I originally observed what I thought was a single very bright light far off in the distance at a position of about 10:00 o'clock and 30 degrees above the horizon (at 22:00 hours)during my drive home from an ongoing project. I had made this same trip at night multiple times before during the previous week and had never seen such a thing in the sky.  The weather was clear as a bell with no clouds at all.  The brightness of the light and the seeming motionlessness of it really caught my eye.  It definitely registered as odd to me.  The area where I was driving (east on Hwy 37)is not lit.  It is a long, flat stretch of highway single lane which crosses a marsh land.  There were not many cars on this particular part of my drive.  I had nothing better to do than watch this thing and the road.  I began to wonder:  #1 about how far away this thing was and #2 why I could percieve no movement.  I speculated that it must be moving directly toward me OR hovering in one place.  I deduced, however, that it probably was not a helicopter because it sitting was TOO still in the sky. As I drove on, I was still many miles from home.  The single bright light slowly shifted on its axis toward me and became two bright lights.  Combined, these lights were definitely a show stopper!  The brightness, the distance and the motionless of this held my curiosity.  Suddenly, as soon as this thing had rotated towards my position so that I could see its two lights, it also started a strobing effect with one of it two lights (the right one).  I then knew that this was something I had never seen before and that it was definitely not a usual thing. Traffic and terrain took my attention away from this object at this time.  There were some small hills to pay attention to and quickly I lost track of this object.  I had actually forgotten about it as I traveled through Vallejo and up into the hills onto Highway 80 east.  There are some massive foothills I travel through at this juntion of highways 37 and 80. Dropping down into the Fairfield area is quite a site once you punch through the blackness of these hills. As I came into site of Fairfield, I could not believe my eyes.  Furthermore, if I had not seen this thing from such a distance away, I am not certain that my eye could have picked it out from all the other city lights and recognized it for where it was and that it was what I had seen before. I have been a resident of Fairfield for 20 years I know the developed and undeveloped areas I have driven this stretch of highway thousands of times and this was definitely out of the norm. At this point in time because of the elevation of the hill I was now driving down, I was higher up (!) than this craft which hovered motionless down in the valley.  I was looking down on it (spellbound) and approaching it fast. As this craft sat motionless over a vast dark barren area just to the side of the highway, there was no mistaking it's presence.  It was RIGHT BESIDE the highway as if it were taking a scenic tour and WANTING to be seen.  Furthermore, it was so low that as I passed it, I layed my head on my steering wheel to get a look at the underside.  I have no brains for math, but I am certain that one could compute the actual feet above the ground with some simple geometric calcs. As I came down the hill, a CHP (California Highway Patrol) car came by me at a high rate of speed.  I thought at that time that at least HE had also seen this thing and was also going to be a witness.  I do not, however, know where he went.  I leveled out onto the flat part of the road, I kept trying to maintain my speed, watch the craft, wonder if anyone else was seeing this event, and find a spot to pull off on the shoulder to get a better look. As I passed under and beside this craft, this is what I saw: a craft the size of at least three football fields long, triangular shaped with lights all around, two bright lights in front, and shapes underneath (2 circles and 2 straight lines beside each other)the craft which were backlit with light seemingly seeping from inside the craft. As I struggled to comprehend what I was seeing and trying to find a safe place to get over and stop, I still couldn't fathom why, with all the cars around me, there weren't 30 accidents or 30 people pulling over to get a better look.  Either they didn't realize what was just above their heads because of other lights and traffic around them OR they were as terrified as I was. But I stopped.  I pulled over off Highway 80 right beside the Inn America motel.  As I got out of my car and stood in front of it, the craft had already started to move slowly across the highway towards my location and headed in the direction of Travis AFB. I called Travis AFB about a week later to ask if they had had any reports of any strange events.  They said they were unaware of any of these events.  Additionally, I did call the local newspaper and they had no reports of anything. Last but not least, I was driving home a different route (Hwy 680 west which also hooks into 80 north) and I noticed some very bright lights up in the hills to my left on two successive nights soon after this major sighting (dates unknown).  I did not put these events together at the time, but I do remember thinking gosh what in the heck was built up in those hills so quickly.  That's alot of light for the middle of nowhere.  I have never seen those lights again. I do alot of driving late at night along both these routes commuting from San Francisco to Fairfield and this was one STRANGE but exciting event!!  Thanks for having a site where one can report such things.;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
Very bright high flying Orange Triangle over San Francisco during Leonid Meteor shower;1999-11-17 02:00:00;30 seconds;Very bright high flying Orange Triangle over San Francisco during Leonid Meteor shower I was watching the Leonid Meteor shower and had been observing it comfortably and consistantly for several hours.  The shower had not been very strong until approximately 02:00 in our area,  the cloud cover was minimal, and I was able to identify many constellations, paying particular attention to the East where the news reports said to look for the shower to develope.  Very clearly on the East horizon there appeared a very high and extremely bright orange light surrounded by a hazy triangular or slightly arrowhead shape that crossed slowly across the sky directly overhead.  I've seen the shuttle re-entry overhead at night when told to look for it and it was similar in approximate altitude/size/shape but not in color.  The shuttle appeared pinkish.  The object simply SLOWLY crossed overhead horizon to horizon EAST TO WEST DIRECTLY OVERHEAD.  It took approximately 30 seconds. THE REST OF THE EVENTS THAT NIGHT WERE IN NO WAY SIMILAR.  I observed scores if not hundreds of extemely fast moving white and yellowish/white streaks moving almost entirely in the opposite direction, West to East.  These seemed to be the typical meteroites that I have observed for years.;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
Triangular Object Hovers Over Marin County;2003-01-24 23:35:00;2 minutes;Triangular Object Hovers Over Marin County While driving north last night on CA Hwy 101, my companion and I noticed an object in the sky with very unusual lights on it.  The craft was larger than an a commercial airliner, flying at a low altitude and did not appear to be moving.  It was hovering just west of the highway, near a business park.  There was a fair amount of cloud cover in the sky, but pretty bright due to the city lights. As we neared the object we were able to look up at it and see it in silhouette against the clouds.  The object was a perfect triangle.  My companion pulled off to the side of the road and we got out to the car to look at it.  Several other motorists also stopped to see it. The object had white and yellow lighting -- initially these lights were blinking and running along the back side of the triangle only.  After watching the object for approximately 20 more seconds it began to move slowly southward toward San Francisco, and as it did, all three sides of the craft lit up.  These lights were blinking and then moving in a sort of pattern around the edge of the craft. Approximately 5 seconds after it started moving, the craft disappeared (in an area where it still should have been completely visible and free of the clouds). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
Triangular craft seen over San Rafael, CA around 11pm Sunday night;2007-08-12 23:10:00;10 seconds;Triangular craft seen over San Rafael, CA around 11pm Sunday night My girlfriend J and I were watching the meteor shower tonight on our rooftop patio in downtown San Rafael.  We're about 20 miles north of San Francisco and it's a fairly urban area, so light pollution is fairly high.  There was no moon tonight, however, so we had a better view of the stars than usual.  We were stretched out on two lounge chairs, with a blanket over us.  We weren't under the influence of any drugs, though I had finished about half a pint of Guinness.  I had a mini mag lite flashlight with me, and my binoculars.  We weren't seeing many meteorites, so out of boredom I had been swinging the flashlight beam around into the sky in big sweeps.  I got up to take a leak, and I got a few steps away when J started yelling UFO!  UFO!  I started looking up and around and a couple seconds later I spotted a dark triangular shape with rounded corners moving quickly across the sky, from approximately North to South, more or less right above us.  It had a small red circle in each corner, and was completely silent.  I said hand me the binoculars!  hand me the binoculars! but was too dumbstruck to look away to grab them, even though J was holding them out to me (her eyes also locked on the triangle).  I watched it for about 4 or 5 seconds until it disappeared in the haze of light pollution to the south.  As far as our backgrounds, we are both in our early thirties, I work at a video game studio and she is an independent web designer.  I'm pretty agnostic when it comes to inexplicable phenomena, but pretty much rule out interstellar travel, aliens walking among us, etc etc.  But this crazy thing tonight was definitely, definitely, definitely nothing like anything I've ever seen before.  We are both pretty stunned right now.;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
Noticed in distance red, white and blue lights on stationary rectangular object., which appeared triangular when we drove under it.;2013-07-16 21:40:00;3 minutes;Noticed in distance red, white and blue lights on stationary rectangular object., which appeared triangular when we drove under it. My husband and I were driving home from San Francisco, heading north on Hwy. 101 the evening of July 16, 2013.   He noticed a still object in the dark sky and asked if I thought it was a helicopter.   Because he was driving I was able to look more closely.  It appeared ahead of us and was elevated where a helicopter would fly, but it was completely stationary.  It looked like a horizontal bar with red, white and blue blinking lights and was about the size of a small aircraft.   We drove directly under it and I opened our moon roof.  This is when I noticed that from underneath it was somewhat triangular in shape and had bright white lights on each corner.   We passed from underneath it and I continued to watch it, which was now behind us.  From this angle it looked horizontal again, like a long rectangular bar.   I didn’t notice blue lights this time, but did see white and red blinking ones.   The object did not ever seem to move, and as we drove away it became less visible.   The entire episode lasted about 3 minutes.  We were on Hwy 101 north of San Francisco between the exits of Terra Linda in San Rafael and Hamilton Field, Novato.   My husband and I decided to call 911 to report this unusual site.  The dispatcher immediately connected us to the National UFO center.;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
Looked in the sky and saw a very bright light. Suddenly, it bagan to move. It flashed its lights off and then when it flashed back on,;2014-04-10 21:30:00;4 minutes;looked in the sky and saw a very bright light. Suddenly, it bagan to move. It flashed its lights off and then when it flashed back on, I walked out on my friend's deck.  I looked in the sky and saw a very bright light.  At first, I thought it was a star because it wasn't moving.   I continued looking at it because I'm a star gazer and it was extremely bright. I kept trying to figure out which star it might be.   Suddenly, it bagan to move.  It flashed its lights off and then when it flashed back on, it was two seperate objects.  It flew toward the house and then headed north-east.  It was flashing multiple colors and was shaped like a triangle.   The triangle has colors flashing through it as if it were a lit-up, transparent, floating pyramid.   The objects flew very close to each other and the lights shifted on each at the very same time.   There was little noise but I did hear some sort of buzzing sound. I watched both objects fly away together exclaiming the entire time, What the hell!;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
