possible genuine paradoxical dream (unexplained event) i know it sounds dumb.;2001-09-06 04:00:00;hours possibly;possible genuine paradoxical dream (unexplained event) i know it sounds dumb. i dont believe in this stuff first off.  i had lots of dejavu as a kid and began to experiment resulting in my belief that i may have(emphasis on may)have experienced some form of a genuine quantum paradox event. or received a paradoxical message. makes me sound like a wack job or a pranker.  i could write a book on it. wrote a neuroscientist in 2015 or so.  the dream was only part 1 really part 2 is that i actually spent about an hour google image searching for the buildings i saw in the dream a few days before 9/11. i came close to calling some security offices if i saw the building for sure and recognized it but i didnt see any pictures that matched the angle and sunlight.  i cant really explain very well dreams are already hard to explain and usually remember but this one was burned into my brain, was strange like watching a video of a dream you had. thats the level of conscious memory i had of it after waking up and for a couple days afterwards.  i saw an airplane approach the closer of 2 large, apparently largely glass and apparently matching square or rectangle skyscrapers and not enough room/time to avoid a collision. was clear sunny and i was floating or standing on something must have been around 70 stories up looking at the top 30 or so stories of the buildings, couldnt see anything but sky, 2 buildings and a passenger airliner doing a pretty shallow dive, whatever its called when the nose is only a little pointed down. was no smoke or anything from a previous collision, i realized later. the plane never actually hit it was sorta skipping back and forth like a skipping film reel or a paper flipbook animation.  approximately 1 week later was the september 11th attacks on the trade centers. scared the crap outta me not because there was a major terrorist attack but i was sure that it proved to me that some sort of time travel was/is possible or i was having strokes or major memory issues but i dont think that was the case. i dont really expect anyone to believe me i wouldnt believe myself if i hadnt experienced it.  i heard my own voice telling me this is important do not forget this which just makes it sound like this is a prank. couple things that were way too spot on and like a cheap sci fi movie. at the start of the dream i saw a translucent image of the naked silhouette women from the opening credits of the modern outer limits tv show.one of my favorite shows.  i know it sounds like bull crap prank but with recent world events has made me more and more afraid it was a message of some kind.  i want some record in case something on a world changing scale happens anytime soon. something like right out of a B movie script.  if it was just a crazy coincidental dream then good if not, gonna have some interesting science experiments to read about.  ive tried reading some neuroscience and consciousness theory papers. closest thing ive heard of to this was a man in the 1970's i think that called the airport when he had a dream of a plane crash in a dream and it came true sorta speak.;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
solid object with 3 lights floats overhead, blocking out sky and stars in Marin Co., Ca.;2001-09-13 22:05:00;approx. 1 min;solid object with 3 lights floats overhead, blocking out sky and stars in Marin Co., Ca. As I walked out of my house I was looking up at the night sky, very aware of the lack of air traffic since 9/11. Previous to then the sky was pretty busy since we live under flight paths for the Oakland airport. I live near town about .2 mi. from dowtown lights, so the sky is not extremely black. I noticed a line of different colored lights, one white, one red, and one amber. As I watched them float across my path at approx 60-70 degrees line of sight angle, from where I was standing, I realized that the lights were disappearing as it was approaching directly overhead and that a section of the sky and stars were being blocked out immediately behind the line of lights, It was as if the original lights I saw were on the top and front of some solid object and when it floated by my view of the lights was obstructed as well as the sky. The patch of darkness behind this line of lights was approx. 4 x 4 at arm's length. I could not really discern any specific shape but I want to say triangle. There was absolutely no sound even though it appeared to be quite close and it gave the impression it was floating. Since I don't know how far away it actually was I don't know how fast it was going but it travelled across approx. 110 degrees of arc above me until I lost the blackness in the night sky. I kept looking for flashing strobes or red and green wing lights but to no avail. I had wondered if stealth fighters were flying around patrolling the skies around us after such an event on 9/11, but unless they had all their traditional  flying lights off and they can fly without sound, I don't know what it was. I am a very objective, aware and observant 53 yr old electrical design engineer. I do ocasionally listen to Art B. and Jeff R. but unlike many others, do not want to experience these things. I don't believe they are friendly.;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
Taking shots of contrails, I later noticed unkown objects in 3 of the pictures;2004-03-31 14:31:00;5-10 min;Taking shots of contrails, I later noticed unkown objects in 3 of the pictures I was taking pictures of a plane making a contrail.  It caught my eye because it was such a frothy plume coming out the back of the plane.  I took a shot and put the camera down.  As I did so, I noticed the contrail-shadow effect I have wanted to get a picture of for a long time.  I grabbed my camera and took another shot, when the black line was dark.  The line lasted about 30 seconds, then began to fade.  I took another shot to show it fading, then put the camera down.  I went about my business for the next ten or so minutes, and then decided to takes a shot, showing the contrail beginning to fan out, spreading into the sky.  That evening, after I downloaded these images to a computer, I noticed an foreign object in at least three of my pictures.  The first shows it as more luminous than the surrounding sky.  The second shot, the one of the black-line, shown the object has moved, is much lower in altitude, and has turned black also.  The third shot, the one of the fanning contrail taken several minutes later, shown something in the trail itself.  My camera is a Sony Cybershot, digital camera.  I had zoomed in to the full 3.2x before taking all four of my pictures.  Each picture, if left as is, weighs in at just under, to just over, 1 Meg. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
I am now very scared to go to bed at night.;2006-12-30 03:00:00;about 5 mins;I am now very scared to go to bed at night. I was outside, and I hear the noise of an airplane, but when I look up I see what looks like a jet with holes in the wings just hovering there with headlights on.;38.0017583941606;-122.547981751825
