star moved;2006-08-23 22:30:00;15 minutes;star moved I was on my backyard deck smoking a cigarette staring at the stars. It was an exceptionaly clear sky with many more stars visible then on an average or mildly overcast night. While I was gazing at an area south of the big dipper, one of the stars began to move. The Star moved at what seemed to be a moderate to slow speed but the distance it seemed to cover was enormous. Assuming it was as high as I percieved it to be. If I were to measure the distance between stars with a yard stick, I would say that this star travelled at least a quarter yard. Perhaps the length of the big dippers handle..Does that make sense? While it was moving I thought I could see it tumbling..Like it was turning over and over as it went. Anyway, When it stopped and assumed a staionery position it took on the appearance of any of the other stars in the sky. (I should mention that my wife and I saw this same thing happen a week or so ago. I reported that sighting too, but I don't think this is the site I was on)..Anyway, I went into the house to tell my wife and when we came back outside I couldn't really be sure which on of the stars it was that I saw move. After 5 minutes or so my neck started to hurt from look up and I went to bed. I swear to God that I saw this thing and it was not an airplane, meteor or shooting star..;41.6095;-73.9895
Lights moving  in deep space along a trajectory, not meteors or satellites;2020-08-09 22:00:00;2 hours;Lights moving  in deep space along a trajectory, not meteors or satellites Before the moon rose, several lights were witnessed following a trajectory overhead going both directions, north to south. I acknowledge this activity was taking place during the Persied meteor shower, and several meteors were seen as well, but these lights moved back and forth like they were traveling along some sort of cosmic highway.  There were moments where lights would phase in and out in stationary positions, as if one were turning a light bulb on and off.  The event lasted from dusk until the moonrise at approximately 1am EDT.;41.6095;-73.9895
