Strange object on fire going across the sky.;2013-07-07 22:10:00;2-3 minutes;Strange object on fire going across the sky. First hand.  I did not know of this site as I have never looked into UFO reporting websites.  I was told to go to MUFON and have not sent any other reports.  A UFO researcher told me what I saw was a falling satellite, but I disagree.   Here is my report:  My friend and I were going to the gym on the night stated in the report.  We were walking out of my house and I saw something on fire behind a huge tree across the street from my neighbors house.  It was just passed the 4th of July, and in TX, people set off fireworks around this time constantly.  I thought it was an aerial firework, the tree hid the rest of the flames, so it was not seen for maybe 10-30 seconds.  My friend and I were outside talking then all the sudden the object cleared the tree.  I said What ((deleted)) is that?!. I am legally blind, so there are many things that I cannot recognize right away that my friends always tell me what an object is.  My fiend had no answer.  We watched it for about 20-30 seconds before I realized I had a smart phone with a video camera.  The video I took, which will be pasted below, does not do what even I saw, justice. What we saw was just what I described as this.  When you light a match, and hold it sides.  This object was on fire. We could not see anything other than the flames.  The sky was very dark, hardly any wind and no clouds in the sky.  I would say this object was about 400-600 feet in the sky.  It was hard to tell how big or small it was.  It was not enormous to say the least. It started at E/SE, then moved across the sky finally going upwards to the NE.  The entire duration was probably 3 minutes.  I stopped the camera once it was going away.  Towards the end of this sighting I heard helicopter blades, but they were behind us on the opposite side of the sky. In the NE direction, about 3-4 miles away is a small tiny airport where only small helicopters and crop dust planes go to and from.  This is where the object went, but went upwards.  I called the police and they were concerned that something was on fire and could land in a field and catch fire.  We have lots of dry land that go up quickly so that was their concern.  After we called them we decided to go out there.  we found nothing except the police riding around looking around like we were.  I later called them back, they said they contacted the little airstrip but nothing was going or coming.  I called our local news station in Corpus Christi and they were not interested. I did tell the police that I had video footage of this object, the dispatcher was excited.  She sent the officer that went looking to come look at the video.  He could not explain it. Here is the video.  From what I saw with my own eyes, which my friend can conform is that this thing on fire.  It was going across the sky.  The flames never stopped and it kinda seemed like there were 3-4 flames.  The flames were shooting up, never sideways. My cellphone had about 25-30% power left, after only filming this object for over a minute the phone did run out of power very quickly.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aARI4vBDVZ4  Thank you !;27.8673;-97.2118999999999
