~24 orange/red fireball shaped objects moving in pairs along common flight path before ascending and dissappering.;2009-08-08 21:00:00;0:05;~24 orange/red fireball shaped objects moving in pairs along common flight path before ascending and dissappering. On August 8, 2009 I was on my way home from Connecticut with my wife and two children when I noticed a strange single orange/red light in the sky.  I was traveling easterly and the object appeared stationary and slightly to the north relative to my point of observation.  The size of the light was larger than normal planet observations and I believe in the wrong part of the sky for any common astrological phenomenon that I am familiar with (please note that I do not have a background in astronomy). I pointed the object out to my wife and son (daughter was asleep) and we tried to figure out what it was.  We all continued to watch the object while completing the remainder of our trip home (~1/4 mile). Shortly after turning on to the access road to our condo complex we all realized that there were multiple objects of the same size and basic characteristics described earlier.  My wife passed our point and shoot digital camera to me and I began to take video footage while finishing the drive home (hand out the window, very shaky). After we parked we continued to observe the objects along with several neighbors who also noticed the activity in the sky.  As we watched there were at least 24 of the objects traveling in pairs along what appeared to be the same flight path (traveling at relatively low altitude in a southeasterly direction toward Easton’s Point, then ascending).  When the objects reached a similar altitude they disappeared. None of the observers present could readily account for the origin or purpose of the lights. General Background: Weather Conditions--mostly clear skies, ~70 F, low humidity, near full moon.  Observer Information- 34 year old Environmental Scientist 34 year old Teacher 4 year old boy (2) ~50 year old neighbors (occupations unknown). Available Documentation:  3 digital video clips ~0:10 seconds ~1:30 minutes ~4:00 minutes;41.5194;-71.277
