White dots of lights appeared in one location, then proceeded to move south/southwest at a constant pace. ((Starlink satellites?));2020-06-23 02:00:00;5-7 minutes;TL/DR white dots of lights appeared in one location, then proceeded to move south/southwest at a constant pace and distance from eachother, as if in formation. Early this morning on june 23, 2020 around 2-3 am my wife and I were at the wells hot springs. (12 mile hot springs outside of wells)  While watching the sky, she pointed out some lights and asked if they were moving.  They were. We watched with another group of people, 6 of us in total, as bright white dots of light would appear then continue in a south/southwest direction before disappearing behind the mountain.  In the front were four lights in a straight line followed by two pairs of lights running parallel making a square.  Their distance and speed was constant.  Behind those 4 lights was a continuous string of individual lights that would appear from nowhere then move with the rest of the formation, all in what appeared to be a perfect straight line while maintaining a precise and steady distance from the one in front of it. Side notes to point out. The space within the square of the 4 lights was not blacked out as if an object were blocking the view of the stars behind it. Also, as the individual lights appeared, we observed that they seemed to show up already moving in a south/southwest direction but would slow down to the pace of the other lights in front. All of the lights that were seen, appeared in the sky at the same spot. We know this because we were using the mountain as a point of reference. Throughout the night, my wife had thought she had seen stars disappear but did not mention it until I had said something to her about seeing the same thing. I was looking at a particularly twinkling star when it suddenly was no longer visible. I saw no light from it at all. This next part I'm hoping can be addressed by someone more knowledgeable with astronomy. As we were leaving, we realized one last thing that weirded us out. We noticed the big dipper looked freakishly huge. As if the whole constellation was suddenly maybe half the distance away. I'm not a conspiracy theorist by any means, but after talking with my wife and the other people who witnessed these events, I cannot come up with any sensible explanation. I'm typing this in a word document, and am not sure if I'll have an opportunity to provide contact info, but hope I can. I would really appreciate someone to get ahold of me and share their opinions. My wife was on google trying to see if anyone else had seen this phenomenon and said something but did not find anything at that point. (Between 4 and almost 6 am Pacific time.) She did however find that an almost an exact event happened in the early hours (dark skies) of November 10th, 2019. The lights observed on that morning were also moving in a southwest direction and also appeared a few seconds apart. If someone could get me into contact with the person who made that report, it would be oh so much appreciated. Backgrounds: myself, 27. Construction worker/mechanic and a traveller. My wife, 25. Karaoke jockey at a bar. From north dakota, observes night sky and stars regularly and has never seen anything like this.  The other four: group of college students in their early to mid 20s.  Should be noted that all witnesses were sober. Lol.;41.1157;-114.9599
