it sound like plane, color orange, and spark with the sun, also with out wings, and faster then any plain I know.;2005-03-15 06:20:00;2 min;it sound like plane, color orange, and spark with the sun, also with out wings, and faster then any plain I know.;33.7861357142867;-117.931067922081
Two white teardrop lights drop or were propelled from an orangish red sphere southwest of Garden Grove, California.;2013-12-24 22:15:00;5 minutes;Two white teardrop lights drop or were propelled from an orangish red sphere southwest of Garden Grove, California I was visiting relatives in Garden Grove on Christmas Eve.  I had driven up from San Diego and had just gotten to their house.  I said a few helos and then went out into the street to smoke a cigar.   It was 10:15 pm.  I was standing north of the corner of Scandia Street and Stanford Ave. (exact address omitted).  I was looking southwest.  There was a bright orangish red light almost hovering but moving slowly toward me.  At an arm's length, maybe 2 to 4 fingers above the house/garage roof across and one house south of me.   After watching it 30 seconds or so, two slightly bluish white teardrop spheres of light fell from the orangish red light straight down.  They seemed to be going faster than if they were just falling.  Shot down followed almost immediately by the second one.  They were not beams of light but lighted objects or spheres of light much longer than wide.  These bluish white lights were a color I can not describe accurately but laser-like would be the closest description.  Not only laser-like, but even more vibrant than laser-like.  This light seemed like it had depth or maybe partially transparent but brilliant.  I have never seen anything like them.  They were not round orbs, teardrop or at least much longer than they were wide in shape.  Again, they did not seem the fall but were propelled downward.  They were not lite all the way down, but winked out before they went below the roof top southwest of me.   Anyway, I was excited, to say the least.  The orangish red light then turned in a quick motion and was heading almost away from me, slowly.  It started to fade first, and then pulsed on and off and then was gone.  It didn't seem to dart away fast but seemed to wink out.  This was now about 1 minute from when I first saw it.  Then 4 minutes later, the orangish red light appeared again.  This time it was slightly further away but moving quickly towards me again.  When it got to about the same place the bluish white lights had ejected from it it even got a little brighter.  It again, arced! away, or turned 180 degrees and quickly went away, or faded out as it moved away.  I was never scared.  I keep thinking about those bluish white lights.  They are kind of engrained in my memory.  They were such a unique shape and brilliance.  In terms of distance away, I am not sure how to judge distance.  A mile or two?   Anyway, not a few blocks away.  I first filled out a form for MUFON on Christmas Day.  A couple of days later I was contacted by an Investigator who seemed to think these were Chinese Lanterns.  Well, I live about a mile from the beach in San Diego.   A couple of months ago I almost had a Chinese Lantern land in my yard.  So, I have seen Chinese Lanterns.   My sighting on the 24th was not a Chinese Lantern in my opinion and for a few reasons.  Number one, the orangish red light went out for about 4 minutes.  If this was a Chinese Lantern, it would have dropped quickly to the ground in that period of time.   But instead, the orangish red light came back on at the same ! elevation after the 4 minutes.  It wasn't a second Lantern as I would have seen it also.   Secondly, the orangish red light did not move like it was adrift.   And thirdly, the bluish white lights that dropped or were propelled from it.....well, that was interesting.   I said earlier that I am not sure of the distance this sighting was from my vantage point.  I have learned since my first report that the Seal Beach Naval Weapons Storage Facility is 1.5 to 2 miles southwest of my vantage point.   Just thought I would mention that.  Sure wish others had also seen this event.;33.7861357142867;-117.931067922081
