Bright green hovering aircraft over Cass Lake, MN, and Brainerd, MN.;2012-05-15 11:00:00;4 seconds?;Bright green hovering aircraft over Cass Lake, MN and Brainerd, MN I was with some friends driving down to Minneapolis, MN sometime in May to report something to the police I had been with 2 other people. I was sitting in the passenger seat looking out the window into the dark woods when suddenly I see this bright, bright green light pass over the windshield from the left to the right, right over the tree line, I didn't know what shape it was all I know is that it was a big green ball. I didn't think nothing of it at first, then I brought my face to my window to look again and it was hovering right above the trees. I immediately lost my breath, my heart stopped and literally did not know what to do or say, I kept my eyes on it while trying to get the driver to look and see what it was and he'd seen it too, by then we were both freaking the heck out, then the aircraft just darted away into the sky.   The person in the back seat hadn't seen anything particularly because he was laying back in the seat. After about an hour of dr! iving I then noticed the same object in the sky except this time there was 2 more of them following at LEAST 30 feet off the ground, the light was too bright to make out the shape yet again, both of the other flying objects were white in colour, we were just so confused and scared that we did not know what to do, this was just before we'd entered Brainerd, MN, then I tried turning on the camera on my DROID X but my phone shut off and it was fully charged!!  It would NOT turn back on for anything, even after I put the car charger in!  I don't know if it had something to do with what we'd been seeing but it just freaked me out the whole way back.   Since then, I hadn't seen anything but I've been paying much more attention to the night sky while I'm traveling and outside. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));47.3486;-94.6143
