Neon Green light moving fast threw low hanging clouds.;2011-08-15 09:00:00;5 seconds;Neon Green light moving fast threw low hanging clouds. On August 15, 2011 the clouds where hanging low just above the mountains which are around 3,000 where I live in Clifton Forge, VA.  I'm guessing at about 4,000 to 5,000 feet above the mountain I saw a streak of light shoot threw the clouds which lighted up the clouds and there was no noise that I could hear. The color of the light going threw the clouds was a neon green color.  At the time when this happened we had a small forest fire here in Clifton Forge and the forest rangers where on the mountain that the neon green light past over while they was working on putting the fire out threw out the night. The light was moving from the north to the south towards the small town of Iron Gate, VA.  So I'm wondering if anyone else saw this neon green light shoot across the night sky threw the low hanging clouds? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.8229;-79.8067
Very Bright Red Single Star-Like UFO, No Wings, No Body, No Sound, No Contrail, Flies in Curves, Then Leaves.((anonymous source));2019-05-28 01:00:00;15 seconds;Very Bright Red Single Star-Like UFO, No Wings, No Body, No Sound, No Contrail, Flies in Curves, Then Leaves Clear weather, no moon, no clouds, pitch black mountain sky.  Looking in the direction of the Big Dipper, I saw a bright orange single light, about as bright as Jupiter or the brightest stars, just come into being out of nowhere.  There was no sound, no smoke trail, nothing to suggest this was an aircraft of known type.  This thing appeared to be really high, like tens of thousands of feet high, and really bright orange-red.  It moved slowly, much too slowly for a meteor, in kind of a wavy s-shaped pattern.  It made a soft curve and flew right through the bowl of the big dipper, then started to fade in intensity slowly over about 3 to 5 seconds until it was completely gone. People see these things all the time up here, operating at night in the wee hours of the morning in secluded places.  We call them movers.  I personally see them at least once every two years.  They are always single star-like lights, very bright, moving in curved paths, moving silently with no wings or vapor trail.  I've been seeing them in these mountains since I was a teen age, and they are not satellites, I know what a satellite looks like.  These things are way too slow, follow curvy paths, and seem to come in from space and then go back out to space within half a minute or so.  I've seen them seem to notice when they are being observed, and I've seen them fly in to clouds for cover.  I sure would like to figure out what these things are, they are too dim to film with an iPhone camera.;37.8229;-79.8067
