Questionable Abduction;1969-07-15 01:00:00;10-20 minutes;Questionable Abduction Hello. I want to report something which happened to me many years ago.  The problem with this is that I am not honestly sure that I did not dream these events.  When I was going into 6th grade, which would have been the summer of 1959 I had an event happen that happened at night and I was supposed to be in bed sleeping.  At this time we lived on a farm with our house surrounded by thick woods.  Our closest neighbors lived about a quarter mile down the road on the other side of the road. I recall being in a compartment or room and there was an adult male there with me.  I believe that he was about 25 to 30 years of age.  He just sat there on the bench which was attached to the wall with his head down, his legs spread slightly and leaning over with his elbows resting on his knees not moving nor talking at all.  I recall looking around wondering what I was doing there since I was supposed to be in bed sleeping.  My bed was in the basement of our home and I shared the room with my two younger brothers with my younger sister sleeping in the next room.  I stood up and walked around the compartment and thought it was strange since I was supposed to be home sleeping but I found myself in this compartment.  Three walls appeared to be made of a metal and the other wall had a very large window in the upper half which covered about half the length of the compartment in which we were.   The door into the compartment was between the window and the bench also under the window the bench continued on the other side of the door, I think anyway.  The bench which I had been sitting on and which the man still was sitting on was attached to the wall with the window in it. The window looked out into a passage way and was slanted outward.  I was just a little afraid at that time and was looking at the window wondering why I was there and most of all wondering where here was since I had no memory of going to this place or even leaving my bed.  I was watching the window when this being walked by.  It was taller than I was at the time.  It was NOT the grey or whatever people normally think of as being involved with UFO’s.  This thing more resembled a woki as pictured in the star-wars movie.  This thing was not wearing any clothes or have any type of equipment on it that I recall seeing. I seemed to remember that the color of the hair or fur was a dark brown.  I remember then I became very afraid and was scared that that thing would come into the compartment in which I was located along with the man.  I yelled and screamed and ran and jumped onto the window, using of course the bench under the window.  I kept yelling and clawing at the window while laying against it deathly afraid that thing would come into the compartment.  I was totally amazed that all throughout this incident the man in the compartment did not even raise his head or show any interest in anything happening. I recall nothing more and later in the night I woke in my bed, raised up and looked around then lay back down and tried to go back to sleep which I did.  To this day I am not sure this really happened.  I have told my wife about this incident several times but I never had the nerve to tell anyone else. I should tell you now that I WILL NOT submit to anyone trying to hypnotizing me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.4668999999999;-90.1745000000001
Early morning abduction;1970-06-15 02:00:00;20 min;Early morning abduction   Report of UFO Contact in the year 1970 summer. I was eleven years of age and lived on a farm with my parents, grand parents, three younger brothers and one sister.  We lived approximately 21 miles west of the town of Geneseo, IL.  Our closest neighbor lived just across the road and down about ¼ mile and our house was almost completely surrounded by woods. One night in the summer, I became aware that I was not in bed in the basement of the house where I and my siblings slept but rather I was sitting on a bench in a “room” with one adult male who was about in his mid 20's.  The room was constructed of metal as were the benches, there was one door  in the compartment and on either side of the door were “windows” from which I could see a passageway going to the left and right and had a slightly slanted inward wall turning into the ceiling of the passageway.  The other person in the compartment with me sat on the bench to the left side of the door and completely ignored me even when I shook him and tried to get him to look at me, he just sat on the bench with his elbows on his knees gazing downward between his legs at the floor.  I tried to open the door but it was locked and I got up on the bench to the right side of the door and leaned against the glass which slanted outward and tried to see something beside the metal walls but ! all I saw was an empty passageway.   The room was lighted but I did not see any source of light such as a light bulb. After I looked around the basically empty compartment I again tried to get the adult male in the compartment with me to pay attention to me and help me understand what was happening to us but still he just sat there.  I looked up at the window and saw a “creature” about 4.5 feet tall, I think covered almost totally with a reddish long hair but his face looked human like and it did not pay any attention to us in the compartment, just slowly walking by the window.  I was very scared and when I'm afraid of something of someone I tended to attack.  I jumped on to the bench and them beat on the “glass” and screamed and tried to break the glass but at the same time was scared to death I would break it.  The being just kept walking by and it was shortly there after that I stopped remembering anything. I woke up the next morning about 4:30 when it was time to go do the morning chores.  I never did tell my parents or anyone else because I was sure that they would not believe me.  Additionally, I did not know the other person in that compartment with me.  I have never had another incident like this that I can recall.  As far as the creature that I saw there, I have never seen anything like it again until the time I watched the movie Star Wars and that “Woki” had some resemblance to the being.;41.4668999999999;-90.1745000000001
