Craft with bright lights of white and blue hover low then high then craft with red light appears to leave from first craft.;2008-04-18 22:00:00;1 hour;Craft with bright lights of white and blue hover low then high then craft with red light appears to leave from first craft. On 4/18/08 at approximately 10pm while driving home I noticed a bright white and blue light slowly moving east to west and appeared to be fairly low. I lost sight for a minute when I arrived home and parked and exited my car.  I looked in the general vicinity where I originally seen this and what I thought was an extremely bright star caught my eye. I didn't watch it continually at first but kept glancing back as I carried groceries in. Then I stopped and watched it closer. It was only white at this time.  I noticed that it didn't look like a typical twinkling star because it was so much brighter. Then it seemed to be shimmying a little or maybe slightly wavering from side to side. The light on it then appeared to be scanning.  I called my mother to get her to watch it. She agreed it was moving and the light appeared to be going around in circles or scanning. It gradually started to fade farther away but was still noticeable to us. Although if I had only seen it at this point I would have definitely thought it was a star.  Then I noticed a red light that seemed to come from it. This red light was getting more and more bright as the other was fading more and more. I watched the object with the red light go from west to east just opposite of what the first had done. It traveled along the mountain steadily just as if it were a typical plane I have seen at night. It did seem much lower though. I watched it as far as I could see it and it done nothing significant. The other light continued to fade and eventually I could not see it at all.  This all lasted for approximately 45 minutes. I am not sure how long it had been there when it first caught my eye.;37.0607;-81.7254
((HOAX?))My boyfriend and i did see an unusual object in the sky and now ever since I saw it everytime it crosses my mind it freaks me.;2008-11-30 13:00:00;you butt holes;My boyfriend and i did see an unusual object in the sky and now ever since I saw it everytime it crosses my mind it freaks me out because something will tell me to turn it to the history channell and I get chill bumps because it will be about an alien everytime, I have dreams about them all the time that is so real it wakes me up in a cold sweat and constintley has me parinoid not able to sleep or ever walk out side by myself in the dark. And the alien activity I saw in Tazewell on the 31st of oct they say on this site that it might be fake, when I've had more exspiences with these things I believe more than anybody else because they talk to me in a diff way then anyone, threw dreams and they send messages to my mind, this has been ever since i was little. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is flawed.  Contact information is flawed.  Hoax?  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));37.0607;-81.7254
