High flying fast moving triangular shaped object outlined in multi colored lights.;2014-04-07 21:45:00;20-30 seconds;High flying fast moving triangular shaped object outlined in multi colored lights. The object came out of the west heading east.  It flew very high and there was a soft humming sound that may have been from the object.  It was shaped like a triangle and had at least six very bright multi colored lights that did not blink but outlined all three sides of the triangle.   My husband was getting out of his truck and I went out to meet him when I looked to the western sky and saw a very fast moving object heading our direction.  I pointed it out to my husband and we both watched it go from west to east in a matter of about 20 seconds.   We were amazed at its speed and the perfect triangular shape.   We live near Camp Pendleton and have seen alot of different aircraft but nothing like this.   Thanks for taking my report.;33.2977;-117.1916
6 bright lights. Brighter than stars, form a triangle, pulse and then seemingly dissappear as 1 light strobes/pulses br and dissappears;2018-01-30 20:15:00;~90 seconds;6 bright lights. Brighter than stars, form a triangle, pulse and then seemingly dissappear as 1 light strobes/pulses br and dissappears Driving from Valley Center, Westbound on around mile 3 from I-15 before the W Lilac merges into 1 road headed toward the A.M. P.M.  Gas station at Hwy 76.  I witnessed 6 bright star-like lights just above the horizon due West in the shape of what looked like the constellation Ursa Minor.  The lights were so bright almost strobe like, yet with the fire of diamonds.  My attention was caught  so much as I fixated on the lights attempting to figure them out.  I drove on and kept looking.  The 6 lights seemed to get even brighter out loud I murmured to myself What ((deleted)) are those!??  Within a short span the 6 lights moved across the sky far too rapidly for any plane/heicptor.  I was so captivated I almost crashed and realizing I was only doing about 15 I slowed to a crawl.  No traffic in front or behind me.  The lights organized simultaniously while flickering into 3 bright defined light sources forming a tilted iscocoles triangle, then a tilted equilateral triangle.  My jaw dropped, as faintly I saw what was a mass with the light reflecting, giving body and contour to what apeared to be the underside of the triangle.  Keeping my eye on it, the road, and my dog gets ancy because now I'm out loud sharing how dumbfounded I am.  The 3 bright lights get even brighter and shimmery and suddenly go blank like a lightswitch turned them out as the brightest of all the lights illumunates dead center of the silouetted shape.  The light strobes flashes bright once and disappears.I remember it almost as if an old  TV had powered off, the way the screen pulls into one pinpont then gone.  I pull over up the road at the gas station and draw what I had just witnessed.  I thought about the incident over and over for about 4 hours, made a few more notes and went to sleep.  I later shared this with a friend of mine and until now have kept it to myself and have continued to draw the shape I made out during the encounter.  I have seen many strange lights/aircraft around the area, all very explainable for there is a nearby military! base.  This was by far awestriking, perplexing, and I was rendered absolutely speechless, and slackjawed all night afterwards.  I can only speak for myself and my interperetation. The 1st in my lifetime! - unexplained;33.2977;-117.1916
Triangle Ufo with strobing flashing brilliant lights;2018-01-30 21:30:00;1-2 minutes;Triangle Ufo with strobing flashing brilliant lights Driving west from Valley Center, Ca, on Camino Del Norte around mile 1.5 coming from I-15 I notice a bright grouping of lights on horizon.  The lighs where bright white, yet seemed to be strobing color like the fire of a diamond.  At first I thought I was looking at the little dipper , the lights were way brighter than any surrounding stars.  Then the group of light moved and shifted in an errarric fashion.  Completely captivated,  I slow and almost crash . The lights while doing a kind of random yet patterned sequence assemble into a triangle. 3 distinct lights now.  Originally there were 6.  As the winding road twists I am completely entranced and say to myself ,  WTF, WTF!  The lights now seem very close compared to a constellation I thought to be seeing. I slow almost to a crawal , no traffic around, and the brilliant 3 lights are stationary and doing some sort of strobing pattern.  Then as I almost completely stop, my jaw to the floor, the 3 lights g! o out and 1 in what would be the center of the formation illummunates super bright. All but in the blink of an eye the Triangle shape very clear. The center light flahes once, then I could make out distinct detail of the silent craft. Now the craft was fixated in one location and through the clearing I realize it cant be more than 1/2 a mile away. The trees around seemed to be shifting but no sound ,no wind. As the center light illumunated , the 3 went out. Then a bright flash of the center light , the  light dissappering , so the craft. For a brief moment I pull over completely baffled. I realize now as Im The craft seened o be moving south to north before stopping as I slowed to keep watching. I couldnt believe what I saw so pulled to the AM PM on hwy 76 and drew the craft and wrote the encounter down. I was really overwhelmed and a bit emotional afterwards. I was happy, yet a bit intimidated. I have always thought it be possible for other species to exist , but having a ! vivid tangible encounter is something of an experience.;33.2977;-117.1916
