Strange expanding and shrinking yellow light in the sky;2014-07-06 00:15:00;35 minutes;Strange expanding and shrinking yellow light in the sky 	On July 6th, at approximately 12:15 A.M., we were driving on Highway 28 from Davenport to Harrington.  There were two people in the vehicle.  We looked over to the right (Southwest) and saw a big bright yellow light that was indistinguishable in shape. It was at approximately 10 degrees above the horizon and looked like a smashed circle.  To its left there were two smaller white lights that we could tell were not stars because they were too big. None of the lights moved, they were all still. 	After maintaining constant eye contact with the object for approximately two minutes, the yellow light began to shrink and in about ten seconds it looked exactly like the other white lights in shape and color.  Still none of the lights moved.  Within one minute, the previously yellow light (now a small white light) disappeared from the sky in one second.  The other two remained at their positions.  About three minutes later, all of the lights disappeared.  The area of the sky where the lights had been seen remained lit up, for no apparent reason, while the rest of the sky was cloudy and dark. 	Five minutes later, the yellow light had shown up again as a small dot in the sky and in about three seconds it expanded into its previously larger size.  The other white lights never showed up again.  As we reached Harrington we went back to the house to grab a camera and we returned to the Highway 28 with two other passengers. We turned left onto the beginning of Scott Road and parked to observe the UFO.  At that point, the light had shrunk again to the size of a small yellow dot of light, and that time it had lowered to approximately 3 degrees above the horizon.  After about two minutes sitting in the car observing the light, it began to expand again, and in about three seconds it had expanded to its larger size to which we had seen before. We attempted to photograph the object but the picture turned out somewhat blurry and distorted. 	In an attempt to get closer to the light we continued driving on Highway 28 towards Odessa.  The hills blocked our view of the UFO so we decided to drive back to Scott Road and park there again.  There we did not see the big yellow light, but we saw a small yellow pulsing light.  We observed it for about four minutes and determined that it might not have been the same light.  At about 12:49 A.M. we returned home.;47.681;-118.1666
