Orange Glowing Object over Davenport, WA.;2013-10-22 23:30:00;10 minutes;Orange Glowing Object over Davenpor,t WA.  This occurrence happened just outside of Davenport, Wa. on the evening of Tuesday, October 22, 2013, at approximately 11:30 pm.   My husband could not sleep so he opened the blinds on the window to look at the stars outside.  After a few moments he noticed a round orange glowing object heading towards him from the northeast.  He was not sure of the speed but the object was getting bigger as it moved towards his location.  He decided to take a picture with his camera phone but each time he put the phone up he could not find it in his viewfinder.  He snapped one picture and a short video to see if he could bring them up later. He then decided to go outside to try and get a better picture.  He got dressed and went outside, the orange glowing light was now solid white blinking lights and the direction the object had been traveling had changed.  He thought maybe it had been an aircraft since it seemed to come from the direction of the Air Force base, but he still could not pick it up on his camera.  He took another video to see if anything would show up later.  The last picture he took was of the moon just to make sure the camera was working. We spoke about the object briefly the next day but did not look at the pictures or videos until Sunday, October 27, 2013.  The first picture was of course black and we could not find anything on it.  Then we looked at the short video, again there was no picture but the audio was what shocked us.  The audio was a short clip of my husband and son-in-law's conversation from previously in the evening, a conversation they had at about 7:30 pm. and no possible way for the phone to record their conversation.  The second video had the correct audio but we couldn't see anything captured in the video and the fourth picture of the moon you could clearly see the moon. The other item that shocked us about these images and videos were the times.  The first picture and video with the wrong audio that were taken inside, showed they were taken and 7:29 and 7:31 pm.  They would have been taken closer to 11:30 pm.  The second video and picture of the moon, which were taken outside showed a time of 11:33 and 11:35 pm which would have been taken closer to the correct time.  It was showing a four hour time difference between what was taken inside and what was taken outside. My husband says he does not remember any missing time for himself but at the time thought it was odd that the object had changed so fast from the few minutes it took him from seeing the initial object to going outside to get a better view.;47.681;-118.1666
3 witness saw 7 UFO's flashing different colors.;2017-04-10 21:30:00;35 minutes;3 witness saw 7 UFO's flashing different colors. 	I was watching TV with my ((deleted)) sister and my dad, ((father's name deleted)), when my dog began to go nuts.  She barked constantly for 15 minutes and began to run around in the house, so I decided she might need to go out.  I stepped outside and began playing on my phone, and my dog ran outside.  I happened to look up and see my dog being weird and standing still staring at the sky motionless.  I looked up to see 4 UFO’s in the sky.  3 of which were lined up motionless, changing and flashing colors.  The 3 circles were blinking bright yellow and a faint orange.  The other UFO was the biggest and brightness and to the left of the line of UFO’s, was flashing bright blue, and blood red. 	Upon seeing these UFO’s I freaked out and grabbed my motionless black lab and, drug her inside.  I told my dad ((father's name deleted)), and he went outside to see for himself.  Upon going outside he couldn’t believe what he was seeing.  He told me to take a picture. I pulled out my phone and tried to take a picture of the UFO line, but the weird thing was the line of them, wouldn’t show up on my phone.  The big bright UFO was the one that barely showed up my phone, but I did get the picture. 	He and I went inside, and he told me to bring my ((deleted--sibling)) to come outside.  Upon going outside again ((sibling's name deleted)) and I see 3 more UFO’s lined up above the other 3 lined up UFO’s.  But these three UFO’s we flashing purple, and white.   We went inside because it freaked us out, later before I went to bed I go back out with my dog, and all the UFO’s were gone, and this was at 22:25.  But I had a lot of trouble sleeping and woke up at 03:00 to strange screeching noises.  I was tired and didn’t want to see it, so I listened to screeching noises until 04:30.  So I do not know if this incident was related, but I definitely freaked me out. 		After school I will be giving your hotline a call.;47.681;-118.1666
Bright target shaped object over “lake Rosevelt”;2020-04-09 21:00:00;0.3;Bright target shaped object over “lake Rosevelt” Around 8:57 P.M a large bright light was north east over the Spokane river near the mouth of the Columbia river also known as lake Roosevelt, two rivers. This light was a lot brighter then anything else in the sky. It had no blinking lights and hovered in one location then would alter direction to the East very quickly then would return to its original hovering location then would tend to go back and forth in very quick moments but always return to the original spot.  It tended to dash to the East very quickly more often then any other direction before returning to its original location. To me If I could say how far it moved to the human eye I would say it moved one foot. But not knowing the distance it was from me, that 1 foot could be thousands of feet.  I’ve gotten some footage and when it’s zoomed in there a clear as it looks round objects with strobe lights inside the circle.  Picture a shooting target but around the bullseye is flashing lights.  Keep in mind when just looking with your eyes there was zero light blink effect.  Once zoomed with my camera is when it reveled the shape and strobe affect. ~Please contact only by email~;47.681;-118.1666
