((HOAX??  DATE IS FLAWED.))  2 bright lights in my yard of of 231;2009-09-04 23:55:00;a couple seconds;2 bright lights in my yard of of 231 I was outside smoking and I saw 2 lights in the yard.  I can’t explain what I saw.  It was dark everywhere and the lights were just there like halogen lights to far apart for a car and where I saw them no car could be there.   I walked back and forth on my porch trying to figure out where the lights were coming from.  Then the coyotes started to howl and  I went in and got the binoculars and when I got back to the porch the lights were  just gone and then I could see the yard as clear as day (full moon) and there was nothing there!   I just can’t figure out what I saw and I’m a little freaked out about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));47.681;-118.1666
Still light that flew upward fast and over our house at 2:00 am;2011-10-09 01:00:00;10 minutes;Still light that flew upward fast and over our house at 2:00am I woke from a noise out side, went the window saw a light that looked like a flash light in the field, thought it was a flashlight then it flew upward in to the air quickly and darted over the house and was gone, then something kept tripping the motion lights on our porch, saw a shadow moving slowly, then it was gone.;47.681;-118.1666
Bobbing controlled light.;2012-07-10 23:55:00;15 minutes;Bobbing controlled light Proceeding home from a salmon fishing trip from Wanapum Dam, WA on July 10th, 2012 my friend and I stopped just east of Ritzville, WA after leaving the I-90 freeway to stretch our legs to be more alert for animals crossing the road ahead of us.  We stopped beside some cement granaries beside the railroad tracks.  I was gazing up at the Big Dipper constellation when I noticed apparent an airplane twin lights moving toward the Big Dipper bucket which went for some distance almost beneath the Dipper handle then disappeared.  Wondering what had happened to the plane lights I continued tracking farther toward the Big Dipper bucket when the light reappeared but as a single orange colored light.  I glanced at my wristwatch noting the time as 11:55 pm the resumed watching it.  Then it stopped, moved rapidly vertical a bit, then descended quickly and returned to the first position.  It bobbed about weirdly several times.  I pointed it out to my friend when the lights had disappeared the first time and we both watched it for about 15 minutes looking for possible explanations that might indicate what and how it might occur and decided to get going home.  It was still there when we left. ((NUFORC Note:  We are personally acquainted with the individual who submitted this report, and we consider him to be an exceptionally reliable, and qualified, observer.  He has extensive military experience in electronics.  PD));47.681;-118.1666
4 flashing blue and red lights in the sky and 3 orange side by side lights to each other seen by three;2017-04-10 21:40:00;30 minutes;4 flashing blue and red lights in the sky and 3 orange side by side lights to each other seen by three My sister had taken my puppy outside in order to use the restroom.  She came back in and informed my dad and me, who at the time, were in the living room watching TV.  She informed us that there was 4 lights in the sky (at the time we thought it was stars).  The lights were flashing rapidly from red to blue and back to red and so on about every 3 seconds and double the size of a regular star.  I had pointed out there was three light that were side by side in a straight line almost reminded me of a disk without actually seeing the shape of the craft itself.  The lights in a disk shape were orange.  A few minutes later we went back in the house, checking on the objects a few times in a period of twenty minutes.   My dog then needed to use the restroom again a few minutes later and the objects were no longer visible.  The lights were located west of Davenport at a bearing of 271° west. Unknown of the elevation of the lights.;47.681;-118.1666
Light moving at an exceptionally high rate of speed south to north.;2018-07-18 21:15:00;10 seconds;Light moving at an exceptionally high rate of speed south to north. Exceptionally fast craft moving south to north. Tonight, July 18, 2018 sometime between 9pm and 9:30pm, my wife and I were sitting out watching the early stars and planets appear.  The sky was clear.  We were sitting facing due south. As we were watching the skies we saw a single light to the south that was moving rapidly towards us, to the north. We see both military and civilian aircraft all the time.  We see them at great altitude (probably airlines coming from the east (maybe Chicago, New York, etc.) headed to the west (maybe Seattle).  We also see low craft such as airliners that are leaving Spokane airport headed west, or airliners coming from the west headed to Spokane airport.  Occasionally we see military aircraft coming and going from Fairchild AFB to the east of us. Except for exceptionally high altitude craft, we usually eventually hear some amount of engine noise. It is not unusual for us to occasionally see a satellite or the International Space Station cruise across the sky. I give all this background because I want to express that we know the usual aircraft that frequent our skies.  What we saw tonight was not anything like what we have seen in the past. This single light, no larger than a bright star, was traveling very fast.  My guess is that we watched it coming from the south to directly above us in maybe 10 seconds.  We were not able to watch it as it continued north.  Our assumption is that from the far south to the far north it would have traversed that distance in maybe 20 seconds.  The trajectory was straight with no hint of deviance from its path. This light was solid and did not have any light strobes associated with it.  There was no way to discern a shape or altitude, other than we could not hear even the faintest engine noise, giving us the impression that it was at a very high altitude. Never have I seen anything in the skies moving that fast.;47.681;-118.1666
