On Aug. 10, 1982, this house size saucer flew close to our car, the occupant  waved, and it flew off.;1982-08-10 22:30:00;60 seconds;On Aug. 10, 1982, this house size saucer flew close to our car, the occupant  waved, and it flew off. My wife, children and I were driving home from a friend's house, westbound on Feather River Boulevard in the linda section of Marysville, cruising about 25-30 MPH when a rapid, strobelike flashing began to reflect off of the tall trees on either side of the road.  The flashing appeared similar to the effect one would see if lighting a white flasher firework on the 4th of July, except that this light just kept flashing brighter and brighter.  We were amazed at how much of the boulevard this was lighting up, and we looked back to see the light that seemed to be coming from behind and above us.  I slowed down to stick my head out of the window opening and look.  What my family and I saw was startling, unbelievable, but undeniable....there it was.  I thought I was going to have to slap myself.  This round, disc-like object, I thought, was something that came maybe from a movie prop?  People weren't supposed to see this for real,  just in the movies, right?  The very closest description I could give you for this craft is that it was able to hover, it was approx. house-size equivalent, it had a large bay-type, bluish-tinted window with what appeared to be 2 beings standing behind it, looking out towards our direction.  These beings may or may not have been people, but if they weren't, they were at least darn close.  They wore some sort of dark, wrinkly iniforms I think.  The one on the left I took for a male, and he waved briefly.  The device that was emitting the strobe-light like activity appeared to be a rotating ring of lights on the underside of this craft that were in a mini-structure that was only slightly lower than the ships bottom, or belly, and was round.  I swear I have never written anyone about this before, but you could get a great idea of what this craft looked like if you view one of the old lost in space rerun episodes featuring the jupiter 2, except that some of the edges were only slightly more rounded.  The craft continued its descent, approaching a distance of close to 75-80 feet from us.  At this piont I panicked and floored the gas pedal.  The 383 magnum v-8  in that old plymouth we were riding in reacted by pushing us into our seats and accelerating the car to speeds which didn't occur to me at the time weren't road-safe. Now I'm sure the ship could have caught us, but instead abruptly veered off to the right and sped off into the distance.  It seemed to be completely out of sight in an instant. It made no sound as it traveled. Later, we were informed by our local sheriffs dept. that there were more than 300 calls placed about the object at that same time.  A representative told me that our local air force base had been called and had been informed that the air force base had no craft flying in the area at the time.  I was highly skeptical of reported ufo sightings before this took place.;39.1667;-121.5048
The object rose from the invertion covered horizon as if it was using the combined smog and partial cloud layer for concealment.  The c;2000-07-18 18:30:00;5minutes;The object rose from the invertion covered horizon as if it was using the combined smog and partial cloud layer for concealment.  The craft was thumb nail size at arms length.  It rose and advanced slightly, appreaing to blink in and out.  The clouds and smog were stationary,  and it seemed as though the craft was moving to position it's self behind them.  The distance and altitude are as follows.  At the horizon ,clear line of sight it rose approx. two inches ,moved forward one inch, rose slightly and rapidly disappeared as though the clouds were moving in front of the shape, reappeared and continued this for approx. five minutes, at which time I lost sight. The object was a saucer shape ,with  the highth approx. one third the length.;39.1667;-121.5048
3 reflective (catching the sun) objects moving around each other really close then far away from eachother.;2016-04-18 14:30:00;15-30 minutes;3 reflective (catching the sun) objects moving around each other really close then far away from eachother. while my husband and I were flying a kite, (lol I know) I spotted 3 objects in the sky moving around each other almost like birds...except they were brightly reflecting the sun at times, depending on which way they were tilted, with out wings.  They stayed in view as they moved away until they were too small to see. the objects were in a triangle shape mostly, just moving in a circle pattern.  When I first spotted them they were close enough to see that they were made of a metallic looking material and the grey and silver color of them seemed to constantly change. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.1667;-121.5048
