See-Through greyish object poses for a split second-2 witnesses didn't collaborate on description but were the SAME;2005-08-06 23:00:00;about a second....about a;See-Through greyish object poses for a split second-2 witnesses didn't collaborate on description but were the SAME An odd thing happened tonight, I'd have to guess it happened a little while after 11.  My husband, brother and buddy went to the drive in over in Marysville to see Dukes of Hazard and Stealth. Both *OK* movies, fyi.  First of all, I know that we were damn near facing Beale so, so much is possible right there.  But any how, during stealth, I see above and just to the left of center of the screen a big almost see-through like grayish oval/roundish deal.  kind of looked mechanical (remember the Borg ship on star trek TNG??...sort of like that).  It wasn't a whole object...i mean, it looked like there parts you could just see right through.  It only appeared in my direct line of vision for as long as you can take a deep breath.  it seemed to fade quickly toward the right.  I was shocked as hell and yelped *did you guys see that??*  a bunch of *huhs??* was the response so I shut up because it was an important part of the movie.  Maybe my mind is screwing with me, i thought and kind of let it go.  Well, after the movie i brought it up and before i could say *grey* *see-through*  or  *oval shapped*  my brother pipes up with  yeah, i saw something too.  Kind of yada yada yada.   I about crapped myself because I wasn't alone on this one!!!  woo-hoo, one for the home team! but he said that he saw it in the corner of his eye off to the right of the screen.  i know that the corner of the eye descriptions prompt a lot of skepticism, but I saw that same damn thing.  There has got to be something to it, don't you think?  I had never seen anything like this in real life - unfortunately the only thing I can relate it to is a tv show alien craft.  lol.  go figure.  Nevertheless, I wasn't alone and to hear my brother (mr. mellow, never gets upset or weirded out about anything) describe the same WEIRD ASS thing, kind of gives me the willies.;39.1667;-121.5048
