Tirangular-shaped object hovered over New York State Thruway on September 27;2003-09-27 20:30:00;3 minutes;Tirangular-shaped object hovered over New York State Thruway on September 27 I was driving home from a friend's house on the night of Saturday, September 27,2003.  I took the N.Y.State Thruway home.  I was traveling alone. Somewhere between the Catskill and Coxsackie exits I saw a triangular-shaped object approaching from the north-west.  It moved very slowly and hovered over the lane I was in.  It had 3 red lights along it's points that did not flash.  As it moved over my car I looked up through my windshield and saw the body of the craft.  It was a matte gray.  My windows were closed so I could not discern if there was sound or not.  A mile or two before this occured, I noticed a police car along along the left side of the Thruway.  All traffic slowed down because of this.  Once this object appeared,  all cars accelerated to speeds of 80-85mph.  I know others saw this and I want to find out if anyone else has reported a sighting on this night.  I am a public school teacher in New York.;42.2276;-73.8985
Mom and Daughter see triangular craft with bright white lights in New York.;2005-09-13 21:25:00;2 minutes;Mom and Daughter see triangular craft with bright white lights in New york. My mother and I both saw what looked like a triangular craft as it flew overhead of us.   It had 3 bright white lights on the bottom as it passed with a red blinking lighting the front as if it were a radar. As it passed and we saw the back end. there were now four bright white lights and the red blinking light in the front.  It moved in a northeast to southwest fashion and as it entered the bright light of the moon it dissapered.  The incident only last about 2 minutes.  And was very very silent. ((NUFORC Note:  One of two similar reports from the same witness in Catskill, NY.  We do not know what the witnesses observed, but it probably was not a UFO, we suspect.  Possible aircraft, or perhaps a helicopter, we suspect.  Just a guess, however.  PD));42.2276;-73.8985
Mom and daughter see traiangular craft  once agian over catskill new york.;2005-11-03 19:47:00;thirty seconds;Mom and daughter see traiangular craft  once agian over catskill new york. My mom and i have seen this craft before on 9/13/05 and it was posted on this site as Mom and Daughter see triangular craft with bright white lights in New york, this time we only caught the tail end of the craft with its four bright white lights on the back end and a red blinking light in the front.  The first time we saw this we went out the next nite to make sure that it wasn't a plane and it did not show up, it hasn't shown up untill tonight.  It was going in the same direction the first time we saw it from northeast to southwest.  It is strange that it has only made appearences on tuesday and thursday not anywhere in between.  we went back out about thirty minutes later to see it would come back but no such luck. ((NUFORC Note:  One of two similar reports from the same witness in Catskill, NY.  We do not know what the witnesses observed, but it probably was not a UFO, we suspect.  Possible aircraft, or perhaps a helicopter, we suspect.  Just a guess, however.  PD));42.2276;-73.8985
