Observed bright object (mag. ~ 1) moving NE to SE. Assumed that it was a satellite until I noticed 2 blinking lights.;2000-01-16 19:00:00;~ 1 minute;Observed bright object (mag. ~ 1) moving NE to SE. Assumed that it was a satellite until I noticed 2 blinking lights. 1-16-00 Went into back yard to bring in cat. Picked up cat and then looked up in sky. Said to cat, Thanks Bon, I wouldn't have seen the bright satellite in the sky if it weren't for you.  It appeared to be at about the altitude of a satellite. Enjoyed watching it. It was very bright (1 mag.). Watched it move across sky and then noticed a small blinking light on right side front. As I watched it move slowly across the sky I then noticed another blinking (somewhat larger) light on rear left. I then thought it can't be a satellite, I continued watching and was not sure. The intensity of the brightness stayed the same as it crossed sky and then disappear behind tree.  I dismissed the thought that it might be an airplane because the whole object was illuminated and it did not appear to be the headlights of an airplane which are in front.  I would have accepted it as a satellite if it were not for the blinking lights. Not sure if this is a UFO but thought I would report it anyway. I did not alert anyone else.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Saw a phasing orange/blue circular light , later saw a similar light at a different location in the sky;2007-05-02 22:45:00;25 minutes;Saw a phasing orange/blue circular light , later saw a similar light at a different location in the sky My friend and I had plans to go out and use his old telescope to check out the full moon and stars.  After he picked me up, we drove to a spot in west Davis, off of a road surrounded by empty fields, somewhere to get away from the city lights.  We really were not that far out, maybe half a mile to a mile from decently lighted areas, but it was the best we could find on the spot.  We arrived at the scene, just off of a two way road at about 10:30 PM.  After spending about 10-15 minutes setting up the telescope, we quickly were able to find and focus in on the moon.  The view was very clean and clear, filling most of the viewfinder. After enjoying the moon for a few minutes, we decided to search for stars.  We turned the telescope the other way, facing north-west.  As my friend tried to focus in on a star at about 10:50 or earlier, I noticed a orange-blue/green light that seemed to be phasing from colored to not visible, or in and out of light, about every 1-2 seconds.  It was brighter than a star, and seemed to be at airplane altitude.  I could not tell how far away it was.  For this reason, I quickly dismissed it as an airplane.  As my friend continued to search for a star for a bit, I tried to figure out the light again.  By this time, the light had not significantly moved in any direction, and appeared stationary to me.  The light was still phasing.  I told my friend to stop bothering with the telescope, and to just look at the light with his naked eye.  We began discussing what it could be.  By now we had both agreed that it was not an airplane because it was not moving significantly, and that it was not a star, because it was a phasing orange blue light.  I had him focus in on it with the telescope.  It didn’t take long before we found it, and it appeared to look like a ball of orange with a blue aura around the edges.  Also, it seemed to change colors between orange and blue/green  The image was probably less than half the size of what the moon looked on the same telescope, from the same spot.  The oddest part of the object was that the insides of the ball seemed to have little dots and random patterns in them.  When I first noticed, I was instantly reminded of biology videos you see in school, with the cells being looked at from under a microscope with the little dots inside the cells moving around.  It was all very odd.  We could see the ball seemed to change colors from orange to blue/green and combinations of orange/blue.  Both me, and my friend were very confused and didn’t understand what it could be.  We also noticed with our naked eyes that the light seemed to be moving a bit.  We were pretty sure that it was not an eye trick, but the object seemed to move side to side.  After about 10-15 minutes of watching the object, it began to slowly disappear in a short span of about 10 seconds.  As it continued to phase, it slowly became dimmer, and was gone.  It might have been that the light got further away from us, or that it just stopped being visible.  We did not know what the case was.  This was at 11:06 PM.  At 11:14 PM, we saw another light with similar characteristics to the first one, however, it was much closer to the horizon, and must have been at a much farther distance, because the light was very small compared to the old one.  The light appeared to have a more orange/red color and had much more slight back and forth wavy motions to it.  Even under the telescope, the light was a spec compared to the other light.  If I had to guess, I would say it was about 1/8th of the size of the other light that we had through the telescope just minutes before.  We could not see any of the cell type characteristics on the telescope, because the light was just a tiny orange colored dot on it.  We were not sure if this light had any correlation to the previous one, but we did not rule it out, because this one had appeared to us out of nowhere.  At about 11:26, we noticed the light was getting dimmer, until after about 20 seconds we could not see the light anymore.  We might have dismissed these lights as something random, but after seeing the craters on the moon so clearly, then seeing the ball of light behaving so oddly and appearing so different, we knew it was not something wrong with our eyes or the telescope.  Something was definitely different here, but what it was, we don’t know.  Please feel free to contact me, I am very curious as to what this might have been.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
huge ball of light that seemed out of place with the given context of the sky when I looked up;2008-01-18 23:30:00;seconds;huge ball of light that seemed out of place with the given context of the sky when I looked up Was out on nightly walk with boyfriend when I glanced up at the sky and was shocked to see this enormous ball of light blurring across the sky. The sky was dark black, with normal stars appearing as stationary, pure white twinkles, but then this ball was a circular mass infused as a bright white/blue light encircling it. I gasped, and tried to focus my eyes on it, but we were walking in the middle of a park at the time and before I could see more, tall trees obscured my vision and there was nothing in that spot in the sky when I got around the trees. My boyfriend saw nothing, he was looking at the ground.  It's just, the size of the ball really scared me because compared to the stars in the sky it was just so abnormally huge. Like if the stars, from where I stood, look like specks of dust, this looked like a softball. It seemed like it was traveling down, falling or just zooming downward toward the left of where I was facing. The size of this blur terrified me because it just seemed so out of place in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
A fuzzy orange ball of light first seen as star approaches quickly before making turn and climing out of sight.;2012-05-18 17:30:00;8 seconds;A fuzzy orange ball of light first seen as star approaches quickly before making turn and climing out of sight. I was standing in my backyard, facing south, looking at the sky, around 9:30 PM. I glanced over to the right and saw what I thought was a star but it looked different. It was glowing brightly and orange in color.  This “star”, I now noticed, was moving toward me from the WSW.  I removed my glasses briefly as I thought the “star” look blurry and thought maybe my glasses were dirty. In the next moment the object appeared to be much closer and changed from the size of a distant star to what seemed the size of a street light, still high in the sky but with a warmer more orange color.  Than it just turned to the south and began to move away climbing higher and higher until it was just a tiny dot and then was gone. I was never able to tell the altitude, the speed must have been incredible, but I could not even guess how fast it was traveling. And there was absolutely no sound, complete silence.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
