1995 Saucer/cone shaped UFO over I-80 West Causeway Betweeen Sacramento and Davis, CA;1995-08-15 22:00:00;5 minutes;1995 Saucer/cone shaped UFO over I-80 West Causeway Betweeen Sacramento and Davis, CA It was just after sunset on the Highway 80 West Causeway between Sacramento and Davis, CA.  At the time, I was entering my senior year at U.C. Davis.  I am now a practicing trial lawyer.  I was returning home from a job training that had lasted all day.  I had consumed no alcohol and I wasn't under the influence of any drug.  I have never suffered from any delusion.  As I was driving on the causeway, in the middle lane, I noticed two red dots hovering over my windshield.  At that point in time, I couldn't tell how high they were.  I could only see them from my peripheral vision.  I assumed I was being speed tracked by a police helicopter.  So, I tapped on my brakes to slow down, as I was speeding.  I could clearly see two red lights, one hovering directly over the other in a vertical position.  At this point, I was sure I was being tracked by a helicopter.  I couldn't see any shape, and my fear grew, because I was sure I was going to get a speeding ticket.  The red lights hovered only about 50 feet over my front windshield.  To my amazement, the red lights came to hover directly in front of my car, and suddenly white lights lit up and illuminated the craft and the entire freeway.  I was so shocked.  I looked around to see if any other cars on the freeway could see what I saw.  To my left, there was a red Jeep Cherokee with about 2-4 college girls.  I could clearly see the woman with light brown, shoulder length hair looking over her steering wheel, eyes fixated on the craft.  At this point, the craft was still only about 50 feet over our cars.  White track lights lit up one after another to create a moving effect along the outer circumference of the craft.  The craft was shaped as if two low sloping cones were put together.  So, from the top or bottom I imagine it looked circular.  From the side view that I witnessed, it was diamond shaped.  The craft was silver in color and had no other edges.  The track lights would take about one second to travel along the edge of the craft again, these side white lights were extremely bright, like flood lights.  The craft remained lit for about 3 minutes.  All of a sudden the very bright track lights went out, and one could only see the two vertical red lights.  The red lights then shot off westerly in the fastest acceleration I could ever imagine, leaving a solid red line in my vision.  Seconds later, I could see the red lights darting hither and to over the hills around Fairfield and Vallejo.  I could see this darting behavior for about 30 seconds to one minute.  The girls in the red jeep and I pulled off to the Mace Blvd exit in Davis, CA.  We both got our of our cars, screaming and yelling, Oh my God! Did you see what I saw? We asked each other if we had cameras.  Then, I got in my car and sped off to my apartment.  I screamed for my roommate and a friend to grab a camera.  I told them about the incident.  Then we went out toward Vacaville on Highway 80 West.  I could no longer see the red dot over Fairfield.  So I pulled off to an 7-11 store and asked if anyone else saw a UFO.  I got some really wierd looks, and my friends thought I was a bit loony.  When we were getting back into my car, we could hear loud sounds of jets.  We looked up and there were numerous Air Force jets, fighter jets, cargo jets, etc., flying in two or three separate formations.  They were flying low and we could all see well over 20 jets flying west in the direction of the UFO that I had seen.  It has been 13 years since I saw this event.  I tried to forget about it, but it has to be the single most influential event that has occurred in my life.  I live a pretty eventful life as a trial attorney, but this has never left my mind.  I think of this event often.  My memories of it are very clear.  The event has caused me to question many fundamental things about my existence, my religion, and my government, questions that are yet unanswered. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
