this happened a while ago, a lot has happened in my life since then,but I could never forget this night,I dont know that what we saw th;1992-08-10 02:00:00;2 hours;this happened a while ago, a lot has happened in my life since then,but I could never forget this night,I dont know that what we saw that night was a u.f.o. ,I just know it was unexplainable. I've always been the type of person that has to have solid proof to believe in things like u.f.o.'s, well i'll just tell you what happened. I used to live in a apartment with my previous wife and our two children,I always worked graveyard,now for 27 years, I would always see this guy who lived in our complex coming home from fishing,I only knew him to say hi,or hows it going,but one day he came home with a 101 lb. sturgene fish that he caught behind the rice mills in west Sac.  We then started talking about fishing,he asked me if I wanted to go to a place on my night off where him and his dad used to go and catch tons of cat fish. I agreeded to go , he told me it was on private land ,that it was an eragation sluogh a couple of miles into this land ,we would have to go at night, but not to worry,nobody is ever out there,he was right it was prestine, and soon as your line hit the water,you would get bites. We probably caught 25 to 30 cat fish, it was realy buitiful out there ,there was'nt a piece of trash to be seen anywhere,tall trees lined both sides of the slough. About two weeks later, I was telling my friend and my sister in laws boyfriend about this fishing spot they both wanted to go, I told them about the land being private, and that we would have to go at night. We went about 12:00 am by 1:00 am we where there starting to fish, just like last time we started catching cats like crazy ,we where using an electric lantern to see, it was mildly bright, while we were sitting there all of a sudden down the slough ,on the bank, about maybe 150 yards or more away, a bright light came on, it looked to be like one of those bright coleman gas lanterns, but we could'nt see or here any people, we where instantly scared being on private land where my nieghbor told me he and his father never saw a soul out there, we quikly turned off our light and watched. Nothing was happening ,the light just stayed on, we waited a while and then thought it might be someone fishing like us, we thought we would try to be quiet and keep fishing with our light! off,we did. We fished for about an hour or 2, when my friend said he wanted to go lay down in the back of my nova, that he did'nt care if we kept fishing,we did, though we kept looking down the slough at the light, we got so used to it being there we kinda stopped thinking about it, when all of a sudden the light got intencely bright, it scared the hell out of us ,when I say it got bright I mean like stadium lighting, we jumped up asking each other what the hell where we looking at?, before we could wake up my friend the light got giant ,it loominated all the trees and water,and I swear to you this light rose off the ground, it was so bright we could'nt see any mass on it,just light. I then opened my car door and shaking my friend to wake up, by this time the light was at the top of the trees, My friend said what is it ,I told him it was the light that was on the bank, he then asked me if it was a u.f.o., it made no sound at all, I told him I have no idea what it is,we the! n stared throwing our gear in the car, and we jumped in,we did! 'nt know what to do, we had to drive towards it to leave, as we started near it ,it backed up, as we got closer it then moved quikly across the top of the trees,we could see it loominating the trees as it took off, it almost seemed to know we where watching.Im getting goose bumps remembering this night.  I have been through many things in my life since then, I remaried to a wonderful wife,but we suffered some great tradgedy in our life ,like the suicide death of my youngest son, the passing of my father who died fairly young,I dont usualy tell this story, because it sounds crazy, but I swear its true, I dont know what we saw, maybe you do. Many years had past and I lost contact with the 2 guys I was with that night, but one day my wife and I ,and my sister and her boyfriend went to the asparagus festival in Stockton Ca.,and while we where there amongst thousands of people I hear someone call my name ,it was my friend who was in the car asleep,he said hey ,hows it going ?,its been a ! long time, how about that thing we saw that night? I laughed,I thought it was funny ,that was the first thing he brought up .I was realy glad to see him and talk about it. Just for the record, when we drove over towards where it was there was no farm equipment no building no lighting of any kind,just acres and acres of corn field, we truely saw something that night ,and I think it was something we were'nt supposed to see, I dont know if this story is helpful to you ,I just wanted to tell it,and its 100% true. ((NUFORC Note:  Date indicated by witness is flawed.  We will attempt to confirm year of sighting.  PD));38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Strange Crescent Light Phenomena: Davis, CA;2004-09-30 22:00:00;10 minutes;Strange Crescent Light Phenomena: Davis, CA It was an exceptionally clear night and I was sitting on my apartment balcony which faces south across the flat fields typical of davis.  As I was playing my guitar, I noticed a large crescent shaped object move into view from the west.  The object appeared to be quite distant and large when compared to the apartment building across the street.  The crescent moved slowly and steadily to the east for a few minutes.  Later, it quickly accelerated east out of sight.  It is difficult to say what it is that I saw other than that it was a dull glowing white light in the shape of a flattened crescent, almost like ground light reflected off a disk seen at an angle.  I can not say whether or not what I saw was part of a larger object.  There may very well be an explanation involving light phenomena or some other yet to be understood physical process.  I chose to report this in hopes that soeone else may have witnessed this event around the same time.  After all, it was a very large object low on the horizon extremely clear viewing conditions. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Saw two stationary orange lights in the sky, high in the sky, and nearby each other.;2006-09-15 22:00:00;1.5-2 minutes;Saw two stationary orange lights in the sky, high in the sky, and nearby each other. My friend and I were driving on the freeway towards Sacramento, taking the bend off from hwy 113, when I looked over towards the right.  In the sky I noticed 2 lights, that appeared to be stationary, and nearby each other.  They must have been flying at airplane altitute or higher, but were both fairly close to each other to be deemed as airplanes.  Also, there were no white or red lights on them, only a solid orange looking light.  By this time I was interested, so I kept looking, and asked my friend whom was driving if he was seeing this.  He looked over and we began talking about what it could be.  The lights seemed very stationary in the air, as we were driving, probobly at about 60-65 miles per hour.  It was all very odd.  I know the place that they were hovering over was farm land, because I've driven by there many times during the day time.  As we kept driving I was watching, and I could see what seemed like light on the ground directly underneath where the lights in the sky.  The light almost looked like it was orange light that was reflecting in a body of water on the ground, but I know there is no water there.  When we got off the freeway on the Richards exit to go to a friends place, I told him to park at Safeway so we could take a look at the lights first.  When we got out of the car, we saw a light flying by, but it was clearly an airplane.  About 2 minutes later we saw another airplane flying by.  We are unsure that these are the same lights, but we were positive that the first lights we saw were not moving, and were very close to each other, and were completely orange.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Green light in the sky;2008-11-12 19:30:00;15 seconds;Green light in the sky At approximately 7:30 p.m. on 11/12/08 I was outside on my balcony with a green light caught my eye.  It looked to be falling from the sky.  I wondered what the heck it was and wished I had had my camera.  I only saw it for about 15 seconds as there is a church across the street from my balcony and it looked to fall behind the church.   The next morning at 8:45 a.m. I was listening to the radio and there were people calling in saying they had seen the same thing.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
The UFO came into my vision as i was sitting in my yard.  I was facing north and i noticed the white bright light flying through the sk;2009-09-23 16:30:00;3 min;The UFO came into my vision as i was sitting in my yard.  I was facing north and i noticed the white bright light flying through the sky at a speed greater than any of the satellites i had previously observed at night. The object flew overhead at great speed in a north northeast direction. and began slowing down as it reached about 60 degrees above the horizon.  The Slowing of the object was accompanied by a spiraling movement.  When the object stopped it disappeared momentarily then reappeared moving in a zig zag pattern then resumed its original course. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
((HOAX??))  WIERD AS HECK;2010-07-15 10:00:00;5 minutes;WIERD AS HECK Me and my family were laying down watching a meteor shower and a meteor flew by and then another object came by and sucked it in or like destroyed it or something but the first one disappeared.  We were convinced in the beginning that the first disintegrated but the second one kept circling around and then there was a light flash like lightning and a pop and the object was gone ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Light that moved.;2010-07-24 11:20:00;5 min;Light that moved. Saw what appeared to be a very bright star. The light subtly flickered and began to move, increasing it's speed with distance. It was then obvious that the light was a craft, a ufo, that traveled untill we lost sight of it.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Lights chasing each other and disappearing;2012-02-03 19:00:00;5 minutes;Lights chasing each other and disappearing I was standing outside smoking with a friend.  She suddenly exclaimed, Oh My GOD, What is that?   I tried to look and saw nothing.  She described lights that were red and seeming attached by a 'string' wobbly around each other in the tree line nearby. When I looked they were gone.  We began to walk closer and at that moment I saw two lights (white or yellow in color) zoom into view from behind the trees.  They instantly stopped about 25 feet or so outside of the tree line and then sped back in the opposite direction chasing each other.  They were around 10 feet apart and maintained the distance.  We never saw them again. We looked into the sky for answers and we saw a strange star.... we were told it was Sirius, but the coincidence made us worry.  I have never seen anything like what we saw originally.  It was about 20 feet off of the ground and moved in perfect precision to it's partner.  Soon afterwards we saw plane trails high in the sky.  We never see them here in the night, we are not near an airport. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Lighthouse-like light rotating in sky.;2017-08-09 21:30:00;5 minutes;Lighthouse-like light rotating in sky. I was walking around at night.  I was under a brightly lit parking lot, so i couldnt see the stars, but then i noticed a light that started very dim and got brighter, and then faded out again.  I would describe it as looking exactly like a lighthouse light rotating around.  I kept watching and it kept fading back in and out.  Sometimes it would be a sudden bright light turning on and off, but it was mostly like a lighthouse light rotating most of the time.  While I was under the brightly lit area I was unable to determine if it was moving or not, but it appeared to stay in the same spot as I walked.  I was able to get to a darker area where I could see the stars, and I watched it continue to rotate in and out of brightness, but it was becoming less frequent and less bright.   Then i noticed it was moving away slowly, and i eventually lost sight of it.  Some might say this is an iridium flare, but it kept on rotating for about five minute, and sometimes would just flash a single light.  It was very bright at first, so bright that I could see it under the brightly lit area I was under.  I think the brightness of it had decayed significantly once I was able to see the rest of the stars. I also saw 2 other lights moving across the sky.  I've seen these before, and think they might have just been satellites, but I figured I should report it since I saw them around the same time.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Hundreds of “satellite light” type craft heading inland to Nevada   ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-14 04:00:00;1 hour;Hundreds of “satellite light” type craft heading inland to Nevada (I live on an airport in the Central Valley. If I am facing north, to my left, about 7 miles away are the mountains containing Lake Berryessa. Because the ground is flat, to my right I can see all the way to Sacramento, thirty or so miles away.  At night I can see sky scrapers. Where I am, in the sticks, is mostly void of city light.  Also have you ever gone camping, away from the city, to where the sky is fuller of stars than you’ve ever seen? Have you ever spotted a satellite flying over you, on its singular strait pathed orbit? Or perhaps the international space station? It has a different path and is faster and brighter than satellites. The only reason you see the satellite, is because the sunlight is reflecting from the sun, off of them to you.  And on its path, if it happens to duck behind the earth as you’re watching it.  Shows the sunlight slowly start to fade as it does. Otherwise you can watch satellites travel their path for many many miles until they become dim from the curvature of the earth.  They absolutely look like one solid point of light just like the surrounding stars.  Get stars kind of have a slight red blue flicker to them if you really concentrate on them.  I’ve also spotted what seems to be a high-altitude jet that must be secret, really high up in the stratosphere, yet leaving the usual ice trail that any regular jet would leave.  I am a skydiver.  I live on an airport. I grew up next to an airport. I was a ship look out in the Coast Guard. If I don’t know about anything else, I should at least be able to spot a craft in the air, on the land or sea. And be able to hypothesize as to what it is.)  It was 4 am. I walked out my door facing east. Out of the corner of my left eye, my attention was brought to a satellite looking type of light. But if was almost at a fourth five degree angle from me. I turned to loo at it. It was not an aircraft. It was not blinking. It had no running lights. It was as if I was looking up in the sky and spotting a satellite way up above our atmosphere. Yet, this thing had to be about a mile away from me, at 20,000 to 30,000 ft. It was heading towards my right, with is a path towards Sacramento.  (Interesting fact. At night, during normal not virus. You can watch the commercial jets flying in and out of the Sacramento airport in the way of my view of the city. All day, all night. Difference with this night. We are all coincidentally all stuck at home. No jets. No one getting up to go to work. No one to see what I was seeing.)  As this thing passed me, I realize it’s being followed by another one, about a mile to three miles behind it.  Same path. Same speed, which is under a hundred casual. As that one passed my position, another one behind that. Now I’m watching seven, eight, nine go passed. One of them was different. The only one out of the entire night. It was spinning in a different direction than the path it was on with its buddies. The side I was looking at, was just as bright as the rest. But once it spun its other side around. It was as bright as a strobe. Not strobing, solid light. Nothing about these things were blinking. Just a bright period floating by.  At one point a second path was formed, to the side of the original path and light points. It was closer to me, and started a pattern of the same spaces light sources, but staggered from them. Now they were coming in bulk. Same configuration, but continuous. After about ten minutes, I counted fifty of these things before running back in for my iPhone. When I came back out, I had lost count. But they just kept coming. I’m in the parking lot trying to take pictures of them, but the light is too low for the phone. I start trying to call people in my area. No one picks up, other than the owner of the property I’m on. I tell him to go out and look at these things. I explain to him what to look for and he goes.  These things were coming from what my perspective saw as the bottom half star of the Big Dipper. At four in the morning, if I’m looking north, the Big Dipper is to my north west. The handle is sticking strait up, ladles open in facing right to the north. The handle would be positioned over what I’d say is in the direction of Calistoga. If you follow that path, it probably brings you to the ocean after Jenner going north, and fort brag. All Mendocino county. Forrest and open land forever. No one but sleeping farmers to see. The path to my right takes them south past Lake Tahoe. If you follow that path. Well. Area 51.  Over the the hour that I was out there watching. They must have realized the path they took was a bit close to sac, and too close to the ground. Because by the time the end was wrapping up, their path had gained altitude, and had corrected more south heading towards Lodi (south, the direction of the moon and Jupiter/mars). That was taking them right over my head! about a mile up. I took a picture of the last two that were together, but with an iPhone it’s garbage.   I watched this go on for more than an hour, and had watched more than a hundred go past. When I was able to get my landlord up, he text me about ten minutes later and said he saw what I was seeing. By then, it died down to just about one a minute. They were still coming in when dawn broke and I could hardly see them anymore. So I went back to bed. The next morning I woke up at four, just to see if I could spot anything. I was out there for ten minutes. I spotted three. This morning I tried again. I stood out for about twenty minutes. And did spot two. But everything was so overcast. It could have been anything.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
Seven moving stars spotted on a clear night sky.;2020-08-15 05:00:00;5 minutes;Seven moving stars spotted on a clear night sky. I was lying down on my bed and gazing the night sky through the window.  The sky was clear and there were many stars visible which appears stationary.  It was early morning time around 5am when I noticed one star moving slowly and then increasing its speed.  I notice that there was at least 7 such stars following it and all these stars were at the same distance from each other and moving at the same speed.  To make sure I was not dreaming, I woke my wife up and she also witnessed these stars moving.  They were moving in the direction of the moon.  Next to the moon we also noticed a bright star.  The view from the bedroom was limited so we decided to go to our backyard and view it more clearly.  By the time we were out and looked up the sky, we could not see them anymore.  We were able to witness these UFO for at least 2-3 mins and they looked spectacular.  We could still see stars in the sky but all appeared stationary.  This was truly remarkable and wonder if anybody else noticed this.;38.5517646551724;-121.734187068966
