HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  White/Orangy fast moving bright light comes to complete stop.;2003-02-20 02:40:00;5 minutes;White/Orangy fast moving bright light comes to complete stop. I had a witness call from Smithers, B.C. this morning. She mentioned to me that her husband thought she was seeing things, but it sounds like she was certainly witnessing something rather strange. The woman was up with her baby at 2:40 a.m. and has a great view of Hudson Bay Mountainand the ski runs, (which is located in Smithers). Actually the witness sits at the base of the mountain. Her blinds were semi open and allowed her to see a very bright light crossing the mountain, and then coming to a complete stop over one of the largest runs, which is called Cold Smoke. She went on to say the light was dead center of the run, and wondered if it was just hovering, or maybe' it had landed. She also reported hearing a clicking sound from the direction of the object. (HBCC UFO Note: My son lived a while back in the very same area as the witness lives now, and I know many sounds bounce off the mountain which allows everyone to hear different noises much clearer). The object moved from east to west before coming to a complete stop over the run. Approx: 5 minutes went by and a train could be heard coming in the distance and the object disappeared. Her words, turned off. After the train had come and passed, and approx: one hour later , the object once again showed up. She knew the times for certain as she was up with their baby. After the second time the light showed up, she said I got  frightened and closed the blinds. I asked if she could describe the color of the light to me, she went on to say it was a extremely bright white, with an orangy light coming from the center. The light moved quicker than a helicopter, or any small plane that she knew of. (keep in mind that this light was spotted travelling some distance just below the peaks of the mountain and came to a sudden stop above the ski runs). When the witness observed the light the second time, or after the train had long passed. She did not notice the light moving, but just showed up in exactly the same position it was observed before. The second sighting only lasted a couple of minutes. She reported her cat, which was also sitting on her bed, perked it's ears up looking in the direction of the window. I asked her an appro: size to the light. She said it may have been half of her thumb nail and round in shape. HBCC UFO Note: After I received the telephone call I called the Smithers Ski Hill in Smithers to ask if any equipment was working on the runs around the time of the witnessed sighting. I was told work was being done on four runs throughout the early morning, and would be continuing throughout this week and over the weekend in the wee hours. This sighting may be the result of grooming equipment working on the ski hill, but, what puzzles me is that the object was spotted travelling an appro: 3 kilometers along the mountain before it came to a stop. I also just called the witness back to clear up one point about this sighting, and that was, did she see the object before it got close to the ski runs?? She said yes, I observed the light as it traveled over rough terrain, then got to the runs and stopped. So still puzzled at what was seen. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Mr. Brian Vike, independent UFO investigator in northern British Columbia, for sharing this report with NUFORC.  Contact information for Mr. Vike appears below:     Brian Vike   (Yogi) Independent UFO Field Investigator/Researcher   HBCC UFO Research Box 1091 Houston, B.C. Canada VOJ-1ZO   Editor: Canadian Communicator (Paranormal Magazine) Paranormal Magazine Phone/Fax - 1-250-845-2189  Email - hbccufo@telus.net hbccufo@yahoo.com http://www.geocities.com/hbccufo/home.html   PD));54.7684;-127.1673
