HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Pink Spherical Shaped Object.;2004-04-08 23:20:00;approx: 45 seconds.;Pink Spherical Shaped Object. A lady called from Smithers, British Columbia to ask if anyone had reported seeing an unusual object hovering and moving slowly over the Ski Hill Road on April 8, 2004 at 11:20 p.m. Because the object the witness saw was so very strange she emailed the Smithers Interior News with her report as she wanted to have the newspaper run a short article on this in case others might have observed what she had that night. There was no reply from the newspaper so she went and paid them a visit enquiring about the email she had sent to them.  She eventually talked with the editor and the paper is going to run a short piece on what was witnessed that night in the April 8, 2004 in the Wednesday - April 28, 2004 newspaper.  What the lady observed from her home was a bright pink spherical shaped object and surrounding the object was a dark blue aura. The object sat low, hovering over the Smithers Ski Hill Road until it just disappeared at a extreme rate of speed. Before the lady lost sight of it, it was moving very slowly from it's hovering position. She said there was not a sound coming from the object. The woman said she usually heads to bed earlier but she wasn't able to sleep and had been watching a program on TV when she decided to go outside to take her dog a pet cookie. She turned around to go back into her home and saw the strange object. She told me that it was not a plane as they are use to seeing them flying over top of the area all the time due to the Smithers airport being close by.  A very important note is that the object was below the rim of the mountains. Also the object was not observed near any of the ski runs.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com Redirect: http://www.brianvike.com Redirect: http://www.hbccuforesearch.com;54.7684;-127.1673
HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  pink Light Returns;2004-04-16 22:30:00;approx: one minute;Pink Light Returns A witness came forward and called me from Smithers, B.C. after she read a short article in the Smithers Interior Newspaper about a sighting of a pink object which was witnessed by another lady over the Smithers Ski Hill road on April 8, 2004.  The witness was on her way to work as she works the graveyard shift. As she traveled around a corner on Harris Road by Harris Auto Wrecking she saw a extremely large bright pink object low in the sky.  The lady said she had never seen anything like it in all the years she lived in the area and also wondered if it might have been an airplane coming in for a landing at the Smithers airport. She told me the object had to have been the size of a full moon and on the outer edge of the object the color was a much lighter pink in color.  As the woman drove along she said it passed overhead at approx: tree top level and at approx: 100 to 200 feet away from her in distance. As the lady and the object passed one another she slowed her truck down and turned around to watch the object move slowly into the distance and as she watched it finally just blinked out. When the woman continued on her journey, after seeing the strange object, she told me that she was questioning herself, did I just see that!  Later that evening and at her work place, her and another lady went outside for a coffee break and the witness mentioned that she had seen something very strange when she was on her way to work.  I asked the lady if she thought it might have been a flare or even fireworks someone had maybe set off. The witness said she has never seen a flare or fireworks travel horizontally just over tree top level and for such a long distance. There was no sound noted. The object was reported to be visible for approx: one minute.  This same object has been seen twice on two different occasions in the Smithers area.  Thank you to the witness for the report.  The sighting is under investigation.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Home - Phone 250 845 2189 email: hbccufo@telus.net Website: http://www.hbccufo.com Redirect: http://www.brianvike.com Redirect: http://www.hbccuforesearch.com;54.7684;-127.1673
