Numerous Lifelong Sightings.;1988-06-30 19:00:00;Hours;Numerous Lifelong Sightings I have had several experiences during my life that are unexplainable and taken together almost suggest a pattern.   The first experience happened around 1955 in Miami, Oklahoma.  My grandmother and I lived in a house with a large grassy lot between us and the corner of our street.  I awoke one morning and went outside to play.  As I usually did.  A large circle, open in the middle, appeared to be burned into the grass.  There were three evenly spaced indentations around the circle.  Shortly thereafter, several men in military uniforms came and took pictures, measurements, and soil samples.  My sister, who is 13 years older than I, also remembers this incident. In 1987, in route from Harrison, Arkansas to Springfield, Missouri, at dusk, my daughter and I saw a beam of light come from the bottom of a large dark unknown type of aircraft.  The light swung from left to right over the ground..  Although we were not close to another vehicle, there was other traffic on the highway and we all slowed down presumably to observe this odd thing coming toward the highway about 50-75 feet above the ground.  It crossed the highway maybe 100 feet ahead of us. It circled and started back toward us.  It passed directly overhead and I leaned out of the passenger window to see if I could see what it was.  There were designs or writing on the bottom but I could not tell what they were. It flew silently overhead and we continued on our way. In approximately March of 1988, my daughter and I were driving south from Harrison, Arkansas to Jasper, Arkansas.  It was night and the sky was black.  No stars were visible.  We had experiences that night that I hesitate to mention because it is so hard to believe.  If we had not had the experiences we had, I, myself, would not have believed it. On July 4, 2005 I was sitting with my friend in her front yard watching the fireworks display.  To our left, about 40 orange glowing craft silently floated by about 50 feet off the ground. We all stopped and watched until they disappeared.  About two minutes later a huge orange glowing craft came by.  There was no sound.  They definitely were not fireworks.  A few minutes after the large craft passed, we heard chopper blades and helicopters so black we could hardly see them came from the direction from which the crafts had come and went in the direction they had gone. I continue to experience unusual events. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.2467;-93.1054
