Blinding lights over Britt,MN;2009-08-16 00:10:00;30 minutes;Blinding lights over Britt,MN Mr. Davenport ,   Details of our sighting,  Highway 53 North. Britt Minnesota.  August 15-16    We were traveling north approximately 10 miles north of Virginia MN when we came into a clearing on the west side of the highway. Just beyond the clearing there was an intense Blue/White light that was pulsing.  At first I was thinking it might have been an airport light off track. But the closest airport was 20 miles away to the north.  I noticed it was keeping pace with us at 45 mph.  The light was so intense you could not look directly into it. The light tracked with us for 12 miles up highway 53 north and it took a due west heading out of sight.  I proceeded to drive highway 53 another mile and right before my turn. I spotted the second light floating right above some ones house on the west side of the rode.  I was able to see the light pulse from the first sighting off in the distance so this was a new light I drove to my turn onto Biss road. I pulled over to get a better look to my south approximately 25 yards away from us this light was above a home. I shut the truck ! off and rolled down the windows. There was no sound at all the light burned your eyes to view.  We sat there maybe 15 minutes and decided to go on our way. I drove 5 miles up the rode and decided I had to get another look we drove back and watched the light for another 10 minutes.  It appeared to me to be maybe 5 feet around. The light was so bright that it was impossible to see what was above it. The persons yard was like daylight. I continued to my cabin 15 miles north west of Britt and was still able to see the pulsing in the night sky to the southwest. I will have my son and his friend write their accounts as soon as possible. Also my car radio would not work while we were watching the lights. Thanks ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded to us to be exceptionally serious about his sighting, and sober-minded, by nature.  PD));47.655;-92.6321
