Four very fast red disks in formation over Virginia;2011-01-22 20:40:00;2-3 seconds;Four very fast red disks in formation over Virginia January 22, 2011 Haymarket, VA 8:40 - 8:45 pm  I was visiting my son and enjoying his hot tub by myself on the rear deck of his home. It was a cold night and no one else in the family was interested in dealing with getting out of the tub in the cold. I have enjoyed the night sky my whole life and can stare at the stars for hours at a time. I had been in the tub for approximately 45 minutes. I was facing a southwest direction. The rear of the two story house was to my right. There is an eight foot high arbor to my left at the end of the deck which is about 16 foot away. Four round lights crossed the sky in front of me traveling at a very high speed. They were going from right to left. I first saw them come from behind the house and they disappeared past the arbor.  There was no sound and no tail from any one of the objects. All four lights were red, blurry, not bright, and a little darker towards the middle, lighter around the blurred edge.  All were traveling at the exact same speed and stayed in the same configuration during the entire time of my sighting which lasted no more than 2 to 3 seconds.  They were traveling VERY fast, certainly not planes of any kind. They did not change direction. If I hold my hand up at arms length, the size of the lights was approximately ¼” in diameter and the lights were approximately 2” apart. The three trailing lights formed a “v” shape with the bottom point of the “v” the trailing light. The fourth light was leading the others to the left and forward of the “v” pattern. All light were the same distance apart. The group was traveling in a south direction and were to the right of Orion’s Belt.  The angle of my sight line was 45 degrees above the horizon.  I first noticed the lights at approximately 5 degrees to the right of vertical as they past from behind the house and lost sight of them at approximately 40 degrees to the left of vertical as they went behind the arbor. I had a similar experience 6 years ago.  That time it was only one red object, delta shaped and that time, the object changed direction while I watched. If anyone has an explanation of this sighting or saw anything similar, please let me know, there was definitely something there and someone else must of seen it. I am a 60 year old Architect from NJ.;38.8672;-77.6488
