color changing spherical object, moving slowly over the night horizon;2004-02-10 21:30:00;15 minutes;color changing spherical object, moving slowly over the night horizon I noticed a spherical light just over the horizon and told my friend to look at it, so he did.  At first I thought the object was Mars, but it was fluctuating in different colors, though it stayed mostly red.  We drove closer to the object and as we did, it seemed to move further away.  As we got closer, i noticed that it was changing between red, blue, orange, yellow, and green colors, almost as if the colors were moving around it.  We went back to my friends house which was only a few blocks away(we were at the outskirts of town) and got a pair of binoculars, i told him to hurry for fear of the object leaving.  After we got the binoculars, we drove back to our spot and i turned off my car.  My friend had trouble finding the object, so I took the binoculars and watched the object through the binoculars.  As i did, I could see the object clearly.  It was fluctuating like before, but as i watched it started to fade out.  Then it came back, the colors more intense, and it started blinking.  It did this one more time and then moved slowly across the sky, eventualy disapearing under the horizon.;37.6478;-98.723
Circular craft with no identifier lights.;2008-09-17 20:05:00;2 minutes;Circular craft with no identifier lights. We are all firefighters and were out pumping our truck and were just picking up when we seen a bight amber light headed from the SE to the NNW at a pretty decent click. when the bright amber lt up you could clearly see a faint amber ring around the base.;37.6478;-98.723
4 rings of light accompanied by a single ring of light;2010-01-10 20:55:00;6 seconds;4 rings of light accompanied by a single ring of light 1/10/10 Viewed over Pratt, Kansas - Saturday January 9, 2010 - 8:55PM  :  My date  had pointed out the Constellation Orion while we were walking up her sidewalk.   We were then looking upwards towards the Eastern sky when 3 dim but distinct white lights forming an equilateral triangle flew overhead at high speed on about an 80 degree Easterly heading.   No outline of a craft was visible. The lights each had appearances more like that of illuminated rings rather than being solid, and the intensity of each ring was about that of a medium star that is easily observable.   If there had been street or yard lights nearby, they probably would not have been visible.  I definitely feel that they were all on one craft of some sort as they did not vary in distance or orientation to each other at all.  As for the size, the palm of your hand would have covered them all with your arm extended.  The diameter of each ring was approximately 25% of each leg of the triangle.  They had already passed overhead when we spotted them at about 75 degrees above the Eastern! horizon.  I’d estimate that they traveled 30 to 35 degrees of the sky in 3 to 4 seconds before we lost sight behind the trees and roof.  The wind was calm and we heard absolutely no sound.   This craft had just went out of sight, when we spotted a single ring of light of the same magnitude and speed following a parallel path slightly to the south.  It may have been slightly larger than the other rings.  Or lower?   My initial gut feeling was that these lights were traveling at an altitude in excess of 10,000 feet with a speed in the thousands of miles per hour.  I have no way to know what the actual altitude was, but they did not appear to get smaller or less brilliant as they passed, so that indicates to me that they were of significantly high altitude. What appeared to be an airliner was almost directly overhead shortly after the rings and the lights on it were much brighter and the speed was slower by many many times.  The temperature was 12 degrees and the stars were bright and crisp, so even thought they were dim, the rings of light were very distinct and stayed at the same intensity for the brief time they were visible. Added 1/27/10:  My date read the above and agreed on everything other than she said she thought the rings were visible at least 4 seconds.   I  feel the speed could have been  15 - 20,000 mph if the airliner speed was 600 MPH. ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) 4 Rings of light accompanied by 1 ring of light should have read: 3 Rings of light accompanied by 1 ring of light ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.6478;-98.723
