Green Fireball falling through the sky in a western trajectory.;2007-03-15 23:00:00;~1 minute;Green Fireball falling through the sky in a western trajectory. The date and time of this sighting is approximate.  I am entering it here, as well as a more recent sighting, after doing a bit of research for my own personal interest. Sometime in the early Spring of 2007, I was taking a country drive with my then-girlfriend at night (about 11 o'clock pm).  We were headed west on a road about a mile south of feedlot just north of Pratt, KS.  As I was driving, I saw a bright green light streaking overhead in roughly the same direction as I was headed.  It moved quickly and seemed to burn out.  Its altitude was probably around 500 to 1000 feet above ground level.  At the time, I'd simply assumed that it was a meteor burning green as it passed through methane gas emitting from the feedlot below.  I suppose that is what it could've been. The reason for me bringing it to NUFORC's attention is that I happened to be perusing the report database and came across a report fitting roughly the same description of the event I witnessed in '07.  Having always assumed that what I saw was just an easily explained event (meteor cooking off methane gas as it plummeted earthward?), I did a quick internet search of green meteors.  What I stumbled across was the supposed phenomenon of green fireballs and an Air Force research project from the early '50s called Project Twinkle.  After reading the declassified conclusion of the project, I believe that my sighting does indeed fall into the category of an Unidentified Flying Object, though I doubt that it had much to do with any intelligent origin. I appreciate the NUFORC resource and I'm glad to see that it is still going strong after all these years. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.6478;-98.723
Quick flash of light.  lit up the sky, i turned around and seen the fireball falling.  about five minutes later i heard what sounded;2013-11-16 21:45:00;3 seconds;a quick flash of light.  Lit up the sky, i turned around and seen the fireball falling.  About five minutes later i heard what sounded like thunder.  i was out walking my dog. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.6478;-98.723
