Triangle/stealth, silver/reflecting (moving) flames, silent, slow-moving, moving west to east.;2000-10-15 00:00:00;15-30 seconds;Triangle/stealth, silver/reflecting (moving) flames, silent, slow-moving, moving west to east. In approx. mid Oct 2000, my boyfriend & I were outside in a friends hot tub by ourselves (everyone else was inside by now) & around 11 pm-12 am saw a strange, slow- moving triangular/stealth/kite-shaped plane moving slowly & silently across the sky.  It came from the west (we were in the west side of town) & as it moved overhead we could see it was silvery & seemed to be reflecting what looked like flames (we could only see the bottom side).  It was really weird, it didn't seem to have any lights on it- or at least any we could see.  But the Whole bottom part we could see was silvery & reflecting flames- so it was very bright!! The flames were moving, like real flames, so there were at times places on this aircraft (?!) that didn't have any flames & it was hard to tell whether it was silvery or kind of almost invisible sort of blending in to the sky.   Eventually it moved over us & we couldn't see it anymore.  We were asking each other: did ! we just really see that?!  But we kinda figured it was maybe a test of some kind of craft that's being tested for blending in better & Not any kind of alien tech.  Maybe we weren't supposed to see it?! Maybe they (gov?! Military?!) would've liked to know if it was seen?! Didn't know what to think of this or what to do?! (Maybe the pilot pushed the wrong button & accidentally made them visible?!) don't understand the flame part?!  (Unless it's part of the test?!)   I haven't read that many other sightings- but so far I've never heard of or read anyone seeing this exact type of craft.  So I thought, after finding this site, I should report it. This sighting was several years ago (around Sept- Oct 2000, it's now 9-15-2014.) we didn't know what to think of what we saw or who to possibly report it to- so just now reporting it, partly since I found this website.;37.6478;-98.723
