walking home i saw a gray saucer in the sky!!!!!!;1988-02-05 15:00:00;30 min.;walking home i saw a gray saucer in the sky!!!!!! i was twelve years old. i was coming home from school which was down my street.  i looked up at my neighbors house and between the roof and the tree i saw a gray saucer. i remember it like it was yesterday.  it had a dome top and dome bottom and completely gray.  i stood there for what seemed like eternity and watched it pass from the branch to the back of the house.  after it passed, i ran inside to grap a camera, and my mom said where have you been?  i told her i was outside and she said she had been calling my name for half an hour, but i never heard her.  it was complete silence.  after 18 years, i still can remember the cars on the street, the colors of the houses, and the sounds of the neighborhood.  i never told anyone till now because my sister was military intelligence in the army.  but sitting here at the age of 30 i know what i saw! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.5883388535032;-90.727249044586
Orange steady light.;2017-05-02 00:13:00;5 minutes;Orange steady light This description was given to me by someone I know. They have a video. Standing facing south in front of their home, approximately 200 ft from highway at 12:13--shortly after midnight, a strange steady orange light was observed south south west approximately a mile from home.  It was a clear night, no clouds were observed and very quiet.  No traffic passing on road and no wildlife sound.   The witness observed the light for about 5 minutes.  The light appeared to hover over buildings located in that area.  It appeared to be un-moving.  In the video, the light appeared to be a large object.  How large was difficult to ascertain.  The light can be seen above the tree line and was a steady non-blinking light.   At one point, the witness pointed a high powered blinking flashlight in the direction of the object due being unsure what the light was.  The witness was able to see some reflection of a dark shape around the light.   Right after shining the flashlight at the object, all electricity went out in the neighborhood.  This scared the witness who ran inside the home to check on the people inside.  All were ok.  The electricity came back on, so the witness went back outside and noted that the strange light was gone and an alarm was sounding from the building the light had been hovering over.   At this point, the sounds of wildlife returned...frogs, circadas, and coyotes.  Approximately an hour later, the witness noted the same orange light North of him and much further away.  The light appeared to be moving slowly away from the witness's location and then disappeared.   The witness spoke to the people who worked in the building the next morning to see if maybe there was a break-in the night before.  They agreed that the alarm had gone off, but there was no sign of a break-in.   Also spoke to a neighbor who also noted the electricity had gone off for a few seconds the night before.;29.5883388535032;-90.727249044586
