Hovering circular object with lights;2014-10-06 22:35:00;5 minutes?;Hovering circular object with lights Walking out of the grocery store heading back to go to my car.  Two ladies were standing there, pointing and I looked up at what they were looking at--a circular object with four lights.  It was hovering almost directly overhead, and we were facing south.  It made no sound, and had four lights--two were green, and the other two flashed from white to red and back. They said they had watched it for not quite five minutes, and we watched it for three or four more minutes before it turned a couple of times, descended, ascended, then shot off to the northwest. I ran, following the direction it went, and I went round the corner of the building, continuing to watch the object streak off before it just disappeared.;39.3801;-101.0434
My wife and I went outside at about 11:00pm to have a cigarette before going to bed. We were sitting on our front porch smoking when my;2015-05-02 23:00:00;20 minutes;My wife and I went outside at about 11:00pm to have a cigarette before going to bed.  We were sitting on our front porch smoking when my wife asked What is that red light?  I said where?  And she pointed it out just north of us above the some houses only a couple blocks away.  It was bright red and moving way too quick to be a plane or a drone for that matter.  It moved west for a little ways and then went south.  It turned green all of a sudden and kept moving.  I have a flashlight app on my phone so I took it out and flashed it at the object multiple times.  It has a strobe setting that I then turned on and off multiple times pointed toward the object.  My wife laughed at me or trying to signal it and went inside.  It kept turning red and green, but it was a solid color, never blinking.   I walked out to the yard and kept flashing it and all of a sudden it started heading straight at me.  So I ran up to the house and opened the door and hollered for my wife to come quick.  She came and I said Look, babe, it's coming toward us  she saw it and said oh my God  it was very low, maybe 400 to 500 feet above us if that, there was no sound at all. It flew right over us and as soon as it was directly above us it went from red to green and was really bright.  When it changed color it made a sound that I can't quite describe.  It sounded like something out of a sci-fi movie.  Closest sound that I can relate to it would be a lightsaber from star wars.  I know it sounds crazy but we both heard it and it scared us.  After it passed us it turned back to a bright red but there was no sound this time that we could hear.  Then it flew back over to the neighborhood next to ours, maybe two blocks away and came straight down as if it landed.   I have no idea what it was but I want to know and I wanna know if other people saw this too.;39.3801;-101.0434
