Light in NW Kansas sky, Military Aircraft scrambled;2005-11-15 23:43:00;7 Minutes;Light in NW Kansas sky, Military Aircraft scrambled I was out observing the sky enjoying a cigarette with 2 other friends.  We were scanning the sky for meteors due to the time of the year.  I Noticed some odd activity with 2 planes changing their flight, one entering the sky from the west the other from the east.  Then I saw a  bright orange light (similar to that of mars or venus).   The other aircraft, easily recognized with flashing white lights and red wing tip lights, began pursuit of this object in the northern sky, where it flew along magnetic north to south lines at (I postulate) 5 degrees from north in the horizon and an elevation 30 deg. there was another aircraft with the same light pattern of the other 2 intercepting jets in the western sky that began pursuit when the light came closer to us from the north, and the 3 jets followed this object off into the southern horizon, flying parallel behind this object at an equal distance apart. I saw no afterburners fired, the object was not flying faster than the intercepting craft could maneuver;39.3801;-101.0434
Bright orb/orbs.  ((anonymous report));2017-06-16 00:05:00;15-20 seconds;Bright orb/orbs I got off shift at midnight, and was driving to Walmart to pick up a few things, when I sighted a bright light, shaped like an orb, moving south to north.  I was driving north to south.  It was bigger than Sirius, but smaller than a full moon. At first, I thought it was a medical flight plane, because of the appearance and flight path, but it was slightly too far to the east to be on the approach to the airport, which is north of town. I slowed down to watch the object.  As I watched, a red orb appeared to the right of the white orb, which was slightly smaller.  Then two more orbs appeared to the left of the original. Both were bright, pure white like the original.  The continued traveling north for a few more seconds until it broke apart and dispersed into nothing. From my estimation, it went from about a half-mile to a quarter mile away at its closest, and well probably 200-300 feet up.  And as it traveled north, it went from about 35 degrees up to approximately 45. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.3801;-101.0434
Red light in the sky.;2018-12-12 20:56:00;2 hours;Red light in the sky. I was driving down the frontage road by the interstate, when I noticed a red light hovering about 20 degrees above the horizon east-southeast of town.  I slowed down and watched it and it disappeared and appeared again a few seconds later to the right of the location where it had been.  For a little over an hour and a half this light never moved up or down, but it would move back and forth along the same plane over the field where it was hovering.  (It moved from the east-southeast to the southeast.)  I timed it and it would disappear for three seconds, five seconds, 17 seconds, 23 seconds, and come back and be visible varying lengths of time.  There was never any repeating pattern, and it was mostly random how long it would appear and disappear.   At 2233 I noticed a military plane flying circles in the vicinity. Four minutes later, at 2237, two other red lights appeared in the sky along the same plane as the first light.  They were the same size.  The original was i! n the southeast, the second in the approximate location the first appeared in the south-southeast and the third was about 10 degrees to the left of the middle light. The one on the far left disappeared after a few seconds and never came back.  The second light, in the middle, was visible for approximately 10 minutes before it disappeared.  The original light kept disappearing and appearing for about 10 minutes more before it started to move off to the southeast.  By 2310 it was barely visible.;39.3801;-101.0434
