Strange orange lights seen at Marshfield MA. late July.;2008-07-30 22:00:00;Ten Minutes;Strange orange lights seen at Marshfield MA. late July. I would like to report some unusual sightings I and my family had on July 30 and 31 in Marshfield MA. Both sightings occurred near a beach house we had rented which was directly on the beach. The objects sighted were identical. The first sighting occurred perhaps one hour after dark, around 9:00 or 10:00 p.m. My wife and I were lying in bed when I happened to get up and look out the window. What I saw was passing the house heading out toward the water at a right angle to the wind. I brought my wife’s attention to it, my stepson who was outside at the time also saw it. It was moving rather slowly and was about 75 feet above the ground. The best way to describe its appearance was that it looked something like the tea candles people place on their driveways for decoration, when they take and place a candle inside a brown paper bag. It was glowing orange and seemed like it was flickering like a fire would, it made no sound, and moved slowly. I don’t remember if we watched it till it disappeared or just went back to bed, but we watched it for some minutes. The next night I was curious as to whether or not it would re-appear and so I went out about the same time. I again saw the same phenomenon out over the ocean, once again it was a flickering orange glow. I went into the house and informed my wife, stepson, and stepdaughter that it was back, they all came out to watch it. We couldn’t tell if it was moving or not, this time it was some distance from us, and so was perhaps brighter than the previous nights object. After a few minutes it faded from view. The next night I again went outside about the same time to see if it would re-appear. It didn’t, but I saw airplanes from the near Boston airport, fireworks that people were setting off, campfires on the shore, and distant lightning from a storm. None of these were what we saw, but what the objects most closely resembled were the campfires, except, of course, the objects we sighted were in the sky. I have never seen anything like this before, nor have I ever had an interest in ‘ufos”, since seeing these objects I spoke to locals who couldn’t tell me what they were, and I also searched on internet to identify them. I was surprised to see numerous reportings of  similar objects, including the report here from Mackey on July 4th in Indiana, I have also seen videos of similar objects. I had never heard of such objects prior to our sightings.;42.1034;-70.6967
