Three lights form equilateral triangle with no faa required flashing lights gliding at a rather low altitude over New Brunswick east;2015-08-13 20:40:00;30 seconds;Three lights form equilateral triangle with no faa required flashing lights gliding at a rather low altitude over New Brunswick east Coming back from work on train to New Brunswick where I park.  Drove out of the parking garage onto French street heading south to Louis street and onto Franklin township.  At the light before turning right onto Louis, I looked at the sky, which I always do at that time because the light takes forever and the sky is always beautiful that time of evening.  Of course you always see planes coming and going from Newark or the nyc ports, but a) you can usually easily see the shape of an airplane, and the blinking lights...the red one underneath about half way point of the plane, and then the two white or yellow one on both wings.  These lights alternate.  The typical airplane lights.  What I saw was no doubt different.  Could have been something terrestrial and maybe not even secret, but there isn't anything like what I saw that I know of.  There were three white lights making a perfect equilateral triangle.  Not a wide boomerang, and not a narrow christmas tree shape.  A 60 degree angle for each of the three angles.   This shape/distance/angles stayed 100% constant leading me to beleive it was one vehicle or three vehicles in the most perfect formation ever (definitely the former).   The object glided smoothly and somewhat slow.  I had my window down and no sound.  Maybe the sound was drained out by the noise of downtown New Brunswick, but I hear the rumble of planes all the time over the city noise.  The thing that perplexed me further was that I could only make out a very vaugue body to the craft, or even translucent.  It was at the time of evening where the sun is almost fully set but there is that residual twilight from the last bits of sunlight hitting and bouncing around in the atmosphere.  It wasn't pitch black but a dark blue sky.  A sky in which one could make out the body of a plane at the same altitude.   The object continued to glide east and my line of sight became blocked by the Robert wood Johnson hospital building.;40.4880487804878;-74.4544975609756
