A bright, 3-4 in diameter light moving in a circle, changing directions and turning into two eyes focussing on me!;2002-09-10 18:57:00;20 minutes;A bright, 3-4 in diameter light moving in a circle, changing directions and turning into two eyes focussing on me! I was sitting in a swing in my back yard, reading the newspaper. (There is a high 8 ft. fence on alley and next door house garage and back of house make up other two sides). Out of the corner of my eye, I saw movement of a light.  This light was about 3-4 inches in diameter, single light, moving in a slow circle my left to my right side.  I looked up to see if there was an airplane/ helicopter, or anything shining into the backyard.  No!  I got up from the swing, and went to the top of 4 stairs to see if anyone was focussing a mirror into the backyard, or using a blashlight, or checking me out with binoculars.  No to the top of four stairs to see if someone (from the Condos across the alley) was focussing a mirror into the backyard, or using a flashlight or checking me out with binoculars.  No! I sat back down and watched this light move around in a slow circle, about 3 feet from the swing.  I watched for about 5-10 minutes.  What caught my interest is: at the time of the day, on daylight time, this part of the yard, garage are in shade.  This light then srarted out of it's circle -- going left to right, across a wooden trellis fencing on the side of the house (3 feet high) and continuing .  Then this light deviated and started back right to left, then changing back and I was focused on it totally, as this circle stopped at 2 of my potted plants, with herbs in them, and then continuing on.  What REALLY caught my interest was when this light started out of it's circle and begin to enter the open garage side door.  The light changed tactics and moved two feet of the left of this garage door, and two (2) prominent eyes shaped like oblong spheres, stopped and looked directly at me.  During this time of my concentration and these eyes looking at me I felt a sense of uneasiness, as if those eyese were assessing me.  I later said to myself....It was like a Mexican Stand-off!  I have no idea how long these eyes focused on me!  And suddenly the eyes, the light was gone!  I will say again, that this part of the garage/yard were in complete shade.  There is a rather large tree in the corner of this backyard that shades this area. About myself.  I am 72 years old, a college graduate, and a former teacher.  I have never particularly been interested in UFO's or read much about them.  I know what I saw, and I can't explain it.  I did take a copy of my email to my son, down to the local Fire Department.  I talked to the Assistant Fire Chief, and left a copy of my email to my son with him.  I have recently completed what is known as a class in Community Emergency Response Team which necessitated taking over a month's training in Disaster Preparedness, as one focus.  Unfortunately, after I had visited this Assistant Fire Chief, someone from that office, called my son, whose's telephone number was on his business email address.  Basically, the call was to alert my son, that I was spreading rumors about this town,and this person thought my son should know what I was doing!  The idead!  If I had listened to my son, and his bridge buddies (many of whom are former teachers in this town), I would have published that email in the local newspaper.  I'm sure that would have raised some eyebrows!!!!!  Incidentally, I said, as I prefaced my talk to this Assistant Fire Chief....I have an FBI clearance, and I am not a nut case.;32.6799;-117.1709
New Year's Day Orange Flickering Lights Over Coronado, CA.  ((anonymous report));2017-01-01 18:15:00;15 minutes;New Year's Day Orange Flickering Lights Over Coronado, CA.   Long line of up to 10 orange flickering lights appeared to have risen from beach or near shore ocean area.  Travelling together in a staggered line stretched across what appeared to be 3 miles judging from ground references.  High cloud reference provide altitude reference at less than 5,000 ft AGL.  Continued rising and forming staggered lines with apparently random numbers of lights. Lights travelled in a roughly straight line northerly direction proceeding across the approach path to a Naval Air Station and adjacent bay continuing in direction of major airport.  Lights appeared to be miniature candle-powered hot air balloons but travelled too fast to be propelled by wind only.  Objects accelerated and decelerated.  Some made minor directional changes.  After crossing the bay and before reaching the main airport, objects varyingly:  disappeared, turned to the east and faded, seemed to morph into a small collection of red and green lights so as to appear like a small aircraft, or did all three (3).  Display continued for 10-15 minutes possibly including 30+ objects. After a brief pause, the lights began again coming from a more westerly direction, closer to the beach and rising from behind high-rise condos, this time proceeding more directly perpendicular to aircraft approach and travelling on what might have been a rendezvous path with the previous strings of lights.  Light from the new direction lasted less than 5 minutes. Observers were part of local family, working professionals, former military, graduate level educations. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.6799;-117.1709
Two parallel lights (white) flashed red and white when I waved at the craft.;2020-04-12 21:00:00;5 minutes;Two parallel lights (white) flashed red and white when I waved at the craft. Two parallel light, white and red hovering about 2,000 ft AGL.  I waved at the craft, I flashed a red and white pattern.  I waved in a come over here gesture, it flash reddish orange once.  It hovered for 3 more minutes.  My dog witnessed it as well, growled slightly when the lights flashed.  The vehicle then shot up vertical at a high rate of speed.;32.6799;-117.1709
