The light was so bright, we could see the shape of every bone in our hands, almost like an x-ray.;1983-07-01 02:30:00;2+ hours;The light was so bright, we could see the shape of every bone in our hands, almost like an x-ray. My girlfriend and I were coming back from an All Nighter - a dance at Ft. Huachuca.  We were on our way back to Tucson.  We left the dance about 02:30, because it was over at 03:00 and we did not want to catch the crowd.  It was a very lonely drive back, as far as traffic was concerned.  About 10-15 minutes or so into our drive, we came across a VERY bright light.  At first we thought there was an accident and that it was a helicopter, but the light kept getting brighter and brighter.  My girlfriend was driving and I yelled at her to pull over because what ever it was we were going to hit it.  The light was so bright that we each had our hands in front of our face to be able to see the road.  I believe we were both kind of scared because we DID NOT hear any motors or any other noise.  My girlfriend kept saying it was a helicopter, and I told her if it was, the rotors would make noise.  When I looked over to my girlfriend, I noticed that I could see every shape of every bone in her hand, as if though the light was x-raying her hand - then I looked at mine and told her to look at our hands, because the light was almost shining right through them.  The light did not emit heat, nor sound, which was even scarier.  At that point we did not know what it was, and the light got closer, and closer to to us, it was directly in front of the car.  Just as she was going to pull over, the light disappeared as quickly as it had appeared.  My girlfriend looked at me and said, Girl, I ain't never telling nobody about this and you better not tell any one either!  They're gonna think we're crazy!  For some odd reason, we did not get back home to Tucson, until about 05:15 or so, and we just looked at each other and said why the hell did it take us so long to get back home??? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));31.5609;-110.35
