Three sightings in 13 years.;1973-07-01 22:30:00;10 minutes;Three sightings in 13 years. I actually have 3 sightings: The first was when I was stationed at Ft. Huachuca, AZ, in July, 1973. My friend, Ed Knees and I were going northbound toward Huachuca City (where we both lived off base), at approximately 22:30 hours, when I noticed a golden light pacing us. I mentioned this to Ed, who said it was probably the moon reflecting on electrical or telephone wires. After I pointed out that the wires were on his side, he stopped the van. We both observed the light, which was stationary at this time, until Ed used the spotlight mounted to the top of his van (used for hunting at night). Right after Ed flashed the light at the “ufo”, it completely vanished. The really unusual thing was, it made absolutely NO sound whatsoever. This base also had rotary and fixed wing aircraft, and I am very familiar with the current US governmental inventory. This occurrence took approximately 10 minutes.  Second sighting: July, 1985 - I was sitting in a hot tub with 2 other friends, at approximately 21:00 hours, when we all noticed a oval craft, going over our heads. This craft had green, blue and white lights going in a counter-clockwise circle, around the craft. We were just 2 miles from the Concord Naval Weapons Station (carried nukes) in a town called Antioch, California, and the craft made absolutely NO noise -–not even a whisper. Again, I am familiar with most fixed wing and rotor aircraft, and this did not fit that inventory! This incident took approximately 5 minutes.  Third sighting: August, 1985, same location (Antioch, California).  At approximately 02:00 hours, I got up from watching the TV, to get a drink at the kitchen sink. I happened to look up to see a very large, dark gray triangular object apparently floating in the air, approximately 5000 feet altitude. It had red glowing lights on each point, and a softly glowing white light in the center. This craft also made no noise at all. After 2 or 3 minutes, it suddenly shot straight up and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));31.5609;-110.35
