Four orange spherical glowing lights moving slowly in formation at tree top level at 10 pm over Poteau, OK.;2010-07-03 22:12:00;2-3 minutes;Four orange spherical glowing lights moving slowly in formation at tree top level at 10 pm over Poteau, OK. Saw three round or spherical shaped orange glowing lights traveling from the Southeast to Northwest at about tree top level over our backyard in a residential neighborhood.   Three of the four objects where moving in a straight line formation at a very slow pace headed on a gradual upward incline and each object eventually disappeared at the same position in the sky.  Their speed and spacing never changed.   The fourth object appeared after the first three objects disappeared.  The fourth object moved in the same manner and at the same level in the sky as the other three objects, but in the sky across the street.  The objects appeared to be fairly small, about the size of a grapefruit and made no sound.;35.0606;-94.6096
Bright green light hovering in the sky then shoots across short distance and disappears completely from the sky.;2016-11-23 01:43:00;5 seconds;Bright green light hovering in the sky then shoots across short distance and disappears completely from the sky. My husband is an over the road truck driver and we were passing through Poteau, OK, at approx. 01:43 CST when out of the corner of my eye I saw a green light that seemed to zigzag.  I looked in the direction of the light and saw a almost perfectly green light hovering in the sky.  It hovered for approximately 3 seconds in which time I alerted my husband, who was driving.   All of a sudden the light shot across a short distance then disappeared completely from the sky.  There was no trailing light or tail and it was too large to be a shooting star.   We watched the sky for another 15-20 minutes but didn't see any sign of the bright green light or anything else.  It wasn't like a neon green or even a bright bright green.  It was about the color of spring grass but bright.   I have never saw anything like it and neither has my husband.;35.0606;-94.6096
