A commercial jet liner dodged a ufo  at roughly 30 to 40 thousand feet  in broad day light to avoid having in air collision.;2001-02-23 17:15:00;10to15minutes;A commercial jet liner dodged a ufo  at roughly 30 to 40 thousand feet  in broad day light to avoid having in air collision. On 02/22 or02/23 at about 5:15p.m. I was leaving the local Western Auto store from the back entrance.  With me was one of the store owners in his sixties, and the delivery man he is in his middle fourties.  As I walked out from under the awening covering the back door on a very clear and bright day I noticed the contrail of a commercial jet at roughly 30 to 40 thousand feet.  It was traveling in a south to southwesterly direction, probably more southerly.  The thing that caught my attention though was the fact that it's (the jet's) contrail was bent in an immediate if not severe ninety degree left turn.  I could see the jet and it's contrail clearly.  The jet continued on this new course for only a minute or so and then made another severe ninety degree turn to it's right to resume his origal heading.  As the airliner completed this manuever I noticed a tiny bright object immeadiatly to the right of the airliner.  This is where the jet would have been had it not changed it's course.  I then ran to my truck to get a pair of binoculars but by this time it had disappeared. The object appeared very small compared to the size of the airliner and had a highly reflective surface.  There were no visable characteristics other than this due to the high altitude. I asked the delivery person if he could see what I was seeing.  His reply was he could see something but could not tell what it was.  The store owners eyesight is severly impaired so he saw nothing but heard everthing we said.;35.0606;-94.6096
Lights going to fast to be a plane;2012-10-17 21:00:00;21:00;Lights going to fast to be a plane My husband and I were sitting outside talking and out of the corner of my eye I seen a very bright light coming from the electrical storm near sugar loaf mountain. We noticed that it was flashing very bright and then all of a sudden it vanished.  We observed three flashing lights like planes, but seemed as if they were moving very fast.  Two of the lights seemed as if one was following the other, than the light stopped in mid air, and its like they came together and flew together.  The two lights flew towards us which seemed from our view point was a big plane.  Than the Lights flew in opposite directions.  It was very weird and I just don't know what I seen.;35.0606;-94.6096
