Very large object with blinking red lights in the northern sky above our field.;2017-12-09 20:00:00;10 minutes;Very large object with blinking red lights in the northern sky above our field. On Dec 9, 2017, around 8pm I was driving home going north when I saw blinking red lights thru the trees, as I came around the bend in the road I saw lots of blinking red lights at eye level straight in front of me over the road about ½ mile away.  I told my boyfriend to look at that!  I drove to the head of our lane about ½ the distance to the object and stopped to watch it about 5 minutes.  I watched it go into our field and move down towards the house.  When it was getting close to the house I raced down the lane (about ¼ mile) to the house and yelled at my mom to come out.  We watched it together until it went out of sight.   My boyfriend and I saw the same thing my mother saw described below. On Dec 9, 2017, at 8:05pm MST my daughter came running into the house yelling at me to come outside.  When I came out she told me to look up into the northern sky.  I looked up but didn’t see anything until I lowered my eyes looking at eye level and there it was in our field by our house.  It looked to be about in the middle of our field 800 ft away from us. I saw a lot (didn’t count) of dim, rectangular, flashing red lights with an occasional white flash going around the middle of what appeared to be a very large object moving very slowly across our field.  It was moving from west to east (left to right) at an angle to the ground with the front lower than the back.  It was very close to the ground and there was no sound.   We tried to take a picture with a cell phone but you couldn’t see it. We watched it move across our field and go over the trees into our neighbor’s field.  We watched the blinking lights until they went out of sight behind the trees.   It took about 5 minutes for it to go out of sight about ¼ mile. There is a picture at www.bigskywords.com/montana-blog/a-history-of-ufos-in-montana that looks close to what we saw minus the light going down to the ground and the light on top.  The lights going around were dim red with a few flashes of white not as pictured there. This was witnessed by myself (pharmacist), my daughter and her boyfriend (professional chef) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and she seemed to us to be exceptionally eloquent, and objective, in her description of the event.  We suspect that she is a skilled, and highly reliable, witness.  PD));45.2319;-112.6427
