I was setting in my livingroom reading a book.  My dog was barking excessivly. I looked out the window and saw a very brilliant pure wh;2010-01-18 19:03:00;5 seconds;I was setting in my livingroom reading a book.  My dog was barking excessivly. I looked out the window and saw a very brilliant pure white light decending to the ground in a zigzag motion.  The angle of decent to earth was approxomately 10-20 degrees, nearly straight down. with two slight changes in coarse.  The object was oval shapped light very clear and clean around the edges.  The light was coming from the oject and not a reflection of the moon or stars.  I ran to the window but it was out of sight being too late to get another look.  I then opened the window to see if I could hear any sound.  There was no sound or the object was too far away for me to hear (I am partly deaf).  Grabbing my 10 power binoculars I ran outside thinking it was a plane crash and would see light or smoke.   I saw none.   Looking into the sky I did see a red blinking light of what I thought was a jet aircraft or passenger liner, flying above where the object went down.  The aircraft was going in a north to south direction, very high and I followed it for a few seconds with my binoculars.  My first thought was that a piece of the aircraft had come off and was falling to earth.  I dismissed this notion as the two objects were seemingly not related.  I tried to find the white object but was not successful.  I then ran back into the house for my silva compass and plotted the direction of decent as South 84 degrees East (declination of 20 degrees).    After a few minutes, the object did not reappear. the esitimated distance to the object is estimated as 1-2miles but distance at night is uncertain.  The sky was clear and the stars were out (34 degrees F), with no wind nor clouds.  The 1/4-1/5th moon (a sliver of light) was in the west, the direction to the object was to the east.  The object is not the moon and is too large to be stars.  I dismiss the object as a meteroite (previously seen meteroites) as the rate of decent was too slow.   I could not observe any contrail nor gas trail/tail common with meteroites. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));45.2319;-112.6427
