Shiny Metal Object Defies Laws of Physics Then Shoots Off Into the Sky.  4 witnesses.;2012-07-14 10:38:00;6 minutes;Shiny Metal Object Defies Laws of Physics, Then Shoots Off Into the Sky. 4 witnesses. I am of sound mind and testify in open court on a regular basis.  I have three college degrees: a BA in History, a BA in Philosophy and a Juris Doctor degree.  I do not drink, do not use drugs and honestly have withheld this information along with my three friends who were with me at the time.  None of us are on medications or have any history of psychosis or psychotic episodes.  We were all working on a construction project at the time of the sighting.  It occurred as follows:   On July 14th of 2012 we drove out to the Moore Cut Off road in order to construct a cattle abatement/antelope crossing fence.  I remember the date because I had lived in France in 2002-2003 and was explaining to my coworkers about Bastille Day.   We started stretching wire and tying it to the t-posts around 8:30 am.  We approached a hill which had very large rocks jutting out of the side.  We all grouped together and a friend asked what time it was,  I checked my phone and saw that it was 10:38.  I remember this because we always guessed what time it was before looking and the closest person to the correct time was paid a dollar by the other coworkers.   I then glanced up at the full moon which was declining in the western sky.  I am an avid amateur astronomer and was marveling at the moon's position so late in the morning.  I then saw a shiny metallic shape located under the moon.  I quickly drew attention to it and asked one of my coworkers (who was attending aviation school) what type of plane it was.  He stated that's no plane I've ever seen.  Given our relative closeness to Area 51 (it's all desert from where we were to Area 51, hundreds of miles of nothing) we just chalked it up to some sort of new type of secret air craft that was classified.   So we sat down to watch it, but it was simply hovering in the same spot.   Then, in the blink of an eye, it darted across the sky.  I cannot begin to calculate the distance it covered, but my pilot friend said that there is no plane in existence that could travel that fast from a dead stop.   We then started to realize that this was no ordinary aircraft, not even a secret air craft.  As we looked around the sky, we saw other aircraft flying east and south.  Each craft was moving extremely slowly compared to the object and they all had a trail behind them. There was no trail behind the object. We watched the object as it hovered in the new location across the sky (to the north) of where the moon was positioned.  I told my friends to expect a sonic boom, but no sound came.  It then darted right back to the EXACT same position it had been under the moon.  This time it zig-zagged down going first to the right and then to the left, but it seemed to be moving downward away from the moon.  After 5 or 6 zig zags it stopped and then blasted straight up into the sky. It went in front of the moon and that's when I got the best glimpse of the object. It was gone.  I said to my friends please tell me you guys saw that...  That was the craziest thing I have ever seen.  They all agreed that they had seen the exact same thing.  I looked down at my phone to call my father (who works for the government) but I didn't have cell service.  8 minutes had passed and we all sat there for a while, dumbfounded at what we had seen and experienced. I am not saying that this was an alien aircraft or extra terrestrial life.  I will not presume to make such an assumption.  However, I do know that this thing moved unlike any aircraft we publicly know about to this day.  The amount of g-forces that this type of maneuvering would create would literally kill those pilots without some sort of advanced technology to mitigate the pressure.   I know what I saw though and all 3 of the other witnesses saw the same exact thing.  We still discuss it to this day when we all get together.;39.0654;-111.1479
