Gold, yellowish light, extremely loud, visually NOT an airplane.;2013-04-29 22:00:00;~5 minutes;Gold, yellowish light, extremely loud, visually NOT an airplane. I arrived home and pulled in the drive around 10:00 like I do every night, I parked in the driveway facing west.  When I looked to my left (south) I seen and unfamiliar light that isn’t normally there, it took me a second to figure out what it might be.  The first thing that came to mind was a plane, but it didn’t feel right because I didn’t see the red and green lights, no strobe at the time, and the “headlights” were an odd gold, orange, yellowish color, I pulled my phone out of my pocket to record what I believed to be an UFO sighting. In the video, (viewer discretion advised), I tried to explain what I was seeing but it was the most unexplainable thing I’ve ever seen.  When it came closer it moved in a direct straight path, maybe a mile or two over my head.  As it came across the sky it turns a white strobe light on and it seemed like it was trying to mimic a plane and it looked very similar to an F-86 Fighter Jet (Google).  It had curved wings and colorful, yet unexplainable lights that squared across the inside of the wing-span, the object was extremely loud and there were no other planes or helicopters around.  As it flew away it started to look more and more like a plane but the headlights were red. Later the same night after the incident I witnessed I looked up to the sky to see if I could see anything else, being in awe.  I had seen a white flickering light that appeared to be a star, until my uncle and I see it make some circular motions and seen red flickers (3-5) around the “star”.  Then I had seen another gold, orange, yellowish light without a strobe coming from the south heading north, the lights kind of shifted and it flew away heading east. What I had seen on 4-29-13 was unexplainable beyond belief, what my story tells may not be believable to some. Seeing is believing, I believe in what I saw. I have the video upon request.;37.5695;-97.6352
