Description of possible UFO sighting and the UFO is still present.;2012-06-12 22:30:00;on going at 21 minutes no;Description of possible UFO sighting and the UFO is still present. Tuesday at about 10:30pm I took my dog out for a walk in the backyard.  I was looking up at the stars and I sometimes do.  I noticed an airplane descending towards Buffalo, NY.  The airplane was brightly flashing and clear, but still high up in the sky to where I could not make out the shape of the plane, but it was obviously a plane due to the speed, straight forward direction it was flying and colors flashing.   Because I was looking at this airplane I noticed another moving object farther to the right.  At first I thought it was a huge star because it was very twinkly.  I realized it was moving.  It appears to be significantly higher up then the airplane.  I can’t make out the shape but I would describe it as a fuzzy ball of light or sparkling star…that’s the best I can do, it is really high up.   I stepped further away from the light on in the backyard to get a better view and still clearly see that the object is moving. It appears to hover in a one spot for a few seconds and then dart back and forth quickly, zigzag, move forward then backward and then quickly forward for 15 seconds and then zing zag again and dart around.  It does not resemble the movement of any airplane I’ve ever seen, does not look like a helicopter or any air craft that I’m familiar with.  I called somebody out of the house to take a look.  They watched with me for almost a full minute and thought it was military night training for some type of aircraft.  I continued watching for 15 minutes and brought the dog inside.   I went back out and found the object after looking for about 10-15 seconds.  It continues to hover for a few seconds and then dart around.  It reminds me of floating, and is just all together odd looking.  I have no idea what it is, but thought I should report it.  It’s really far up there and very easy to miss unless you’re staring at the sky which I was. I don’t have a telescope,  I don’t know where my camcorder is and my camera batters are dead, so I apologize.  I’m sure it’s still going now!  There is only one object.  I looked around that part of the sky and couldn’t find any more.  It’s a white color/light.  I have never seen a ufo before, reported one or anything like that.  I have zero experience with this.  Thanks.;43.0256;-78.5056
