Opaque white beams of light that repeatedly  hit a lamp, turning it on and off...;2000-02-01 23:00:00;8-10 minutes;Opaque white beams of light that repeatedly  hit a lamp, turning it on and off... I dont recall the exact date of this, all i know is it was in the winter of 99-00, probably between January and February 00.  Its taken me awhile to come forward cuz it was a very scary experience, and many people would question my sanity.  It was shortly after 11:00 pm, and i was reading up in my living room by myself.  We lived on shore property of a lake at the time, and our living room was an upper story room directly overlooking our lake.  My recliner was right next to our huge picture windows, and it was a great view...anyways, i simply saw a beam of light shoot into my house.  It didnt just appear, it seemed to grow from a point i could not tell over the lake, and expand into the room.  It was about the diameter of a softball, and very opaque white in color.  The most incredible thing though, is that when it reached its furthest point, it actually hit the lamp kiddy-corner from me in the room!  Immediately the light turned OFF and the lazer beam  just withdrew.  I was so completely stunned that i just sat and stared-i mean this beam had passed no more than 2 feet directly in front of me and turned off one of my lights!  So i tried not to freak out, and decided to stay where i was and watch.  No more than a minute later the same beam shot back in, hit the lamp, and turned it on!  At this point, i was beyond scared.  So i got up and ran into my bathroom, crouching low to my floor so i wouldnt get hit.  The bathroom was directly to the right of the lamp that was being hit, so i partially closed the door to protect myself and still watch. For the next 5-6 minutes the beam continued to shoot in, turn on or off the light, then recede.  After those 5 or so minutes, it didnt happen again, the light just remained off.  So from there i booked it downstairs to my mother's room.  She was trying to sleep of course so when i frantically woke her and raved about lazer beams, naturally she  was a lil' peeved! But my mom sat up with me to look out her window (same lake view as upstairs) ! for a couple minutes.  We actually saw different beams of white light shooting horizontally in various directions. By the time 10-ish minutes were done, the lights were done.  I (carefully) went upstairs to make sense of it all attempt sleep.  I must add to this that When i went back up there, i heard a very low-decibal sounding hum, that kind of vibrated inside my ears, and it seemed to be all around and above our house.  I figured i was only hearing the refridgerator, but i know how that sounds-quieter and higher piched than this new sound-plus i heard it shut off short after.  The low humming continued a few more minutes, but i was so spooked i went to bed!  I should also add that there were other instances when we lived on the lake that we had seen diagonal light beams, discs, and strange sattelite-type lights.  I was 15 at the time, just a home-school student getting ready to go to college early, and always an honest, intelligent person.  I was most definately not on any hallucinogenic drugs either!  My mother can vouche for what i saw, and i'm happy to share it w/ u.  But i do have a ?:  has anyone else seen these?  I really havent heard anything quite like what i saw, inspite of the fact that i listen to Art Bell and Whitley Strieber religiously! O- almost forgot to add that the next morning when i examined the window the glass was fine, the screen looked sorta burnt, and there was a perfect circle melted out of the weather plastic!  WHY?;47.7086;-91.96
