Huge cigar shaped vehicle Sacramento, CA.;2014-08-13 09:30:00;2 minutes;Huge cigar shaped vehicle Sacramento,Ca. On Wednesday, August 13 2014, i witnessed a flying craft approximately 1200 to 1500 ft long traveling between two clouds in where i live in Sacramento, California.  In the sky at that time there was only two clouds visible and i was walking out my door and something caught my eye and i looked in that direction to see this sight.  The craft appeared to be internally lighted as a light bulb would look with a lamp shade around it.  The two clouds appeared to be around a half a mile from each other and the craft flew slowly from one cloud to the other.  When i first saw the flying craft it was already out from behind or in the first cloud and was making its way towards the second one in a very slow fashion almost stopping several times before proceeding forward.  This craft was huge and i got the feeling it wanted me to see it and almost seemed to be giving me a show if that makes any sense. I stood there in my back yard and watched this craft make its way to the other cloud for at least two minutes and just before it reached the second of the two clouds it cloaked and disappeared completely right before my eyes.  I want to make it perfectly clear that this craft didn't disappear in the cloud or behind it.  It disappeared before reaching the second cloud.I beleieve it wanted me to see it and was making sure i witnessed the event.I have no idea why i walked out into me back yard when i did and i had no reason to do so. The craft i saw was cigar shaped pinched at the ends slightly.  No noise could be heard coming from the object and was completely silent.  The time of the incident was 9:30am and the sky was completely clear except for the two clouds the object was clearly using to hide itself in although this object could park right over your house in broad daylight and you would never even know it was there.  I am just puzzled that this sighting was not reported in the news at all because it was so visibly clear and so massive in size and the time of day it was.  Concidering this object was clearly visible in the capitol of California it should have been seen by literally thousands of people but never even was reported in the news.;38.6741;-121.3768
