Large, fast-moving, triangular object with orange lights spotted in Sacramento sky.;2012-12-14 00:18:00;30 seconds;Large, fast-moving, triangular object with orange lights spotted in Sacramento sky. I was out for the evening to catch the meteor shower, talking on the phone with my friend, when I noticed a fast-moving, triangular group of lights moving from south to north.  7 lights formed a V-shape, with 2 more lights forming the third line in the back, making a triangular shape. I noticed no physical form, and the lights were orange.   At first I assumed geese reflecting light, but the shape was too perfect and un-changing.  I discovered that I could not take pictures with my phone while on a call the hard way, disconnected the call, and found that as I fumbled with the camera controls it had disappeared.  The only other detail I noticed was a strange quiet, but this could have been an effect of the shock of the moment.  The object made no sound. I could not surmise the size of the object, or be sure of its solidity, but it appeared large. With my arm outstretched, it was about the size of four of my fists.  Distance unclear. Right after the sighting I noticed how much noise there was again, suddenly. Airplanes, the freeway, etc.;38.6741;-121.3768
Was driving home from work heading east bound on I-80 right near the I-80 split. While driving I happened to look over to my left ( whi;2019-09-30 20:10:00;15 seconds;Was driving home from work heading east bound on I-80 right near the I-80 split.  While driving I happened to look over to my left ( which was directly in line with McClellan AFB) and saw 3 white lights fixed in a triangle formation.  Directly after spotting the 3 white lights I realized they were attached to a black triangle craft.  It was very easy to make out the shape of the craft due to the backdrop of the sky being many shades lighter, almost a dim blueish black color, than the craft.  It was amazing how slow and low this thing was flying.  I thought for sure it must be a plane or drone of some sort but looked around in the sky and could actually see other planes flying around much further away and looked nothing like this craft in comparison.  The triangle was not very large, maybe 10-12ft wide, about the size of a king size matress or medium sized vehicle. It was moving very slowly and gracefully, almost making small S turns but at a very slow rate of speed, maybe 3 to 8 MPH.  The triangle was flying very low, only about 20-40ft off the ground, I could tell that was the altitude because it was just slightly above the light poles and building that werent much lower than it was which were only about 100 yards away from where I saw it.  As it flew slowly from Sount to North towards McClellan, one of the 3 lights slowly went out and stayed off for about 1.5 second and then started to come back on as another light started to extinguishing.  The triangle craft continued its S turns and lights alternating until it flew back behind the building that I first orginally noticed it heading north towards.  Keep in mind all this happened in a matter of 15 seconds or so, I have never seen anything odd like this in my life so the details of the peculiar nature of this craft made quite an impact on me. It's too bad I was so fixated on the craft and what it was doing that I didnt think to take a picture since this was so close and vivid in the sky, there is no way it wouldnt have shown in fairly good detail, especially with how good low light cell phone cameras have gotten.  Anyway, just thought I would share what I saw. I suppose it could of been a drone of some sort but if it was, its unlike any drone iv ever seen before or anything that I could even find after doing a little research. I dont even think a drone would be able to fly as slow and as smooth as this craft was flying. There was no jerky movement or momentum, no changes in speed or trajectory. It was like it was able to effortlessly flutter through the air as if gravity wasnt there.  Regardless, it was definitely a UFO, alien or otherwise.;38.6741;-121.3768
