It was a partly cloudy night in April 1997, the thursday following Easter Sunday.  My two friends and I were hanging out on the roof of;1997-04-24 01:00:00;~2:00 min.;It was a partly cloudy night in April 1997, the thursday following Easter Sunday.  My two friends and I were hanging out on the roof of my college apartment.  Two of us were lying down staring up at the sky. I saw this rather bright object in the sky between a break in the clouds.  It was blue in color and aparently stationary.  I thought it was a star. It then slowly disappeared as if it had winked.  My friend was evidently looking at the same object.  It then winked back, and we could see the light again.  It winked off, and then on again. Then it seemed to shoot off in a southwesterly direction.  I have no idea what it was. My summary description basically states all of what I had observed.  Being that I perceived the object to be simply a blue light high in the sky may seem a bit obscure as far as descriptions are concerned, but that is simply what it appeared to be.  Because I was in the middle of town where street lights abound, I do not beleive that either my friend or I could have resolved the object any more so due to the interference of the extraneous lights.  Pertaining to the observers, I would consider both of us to be at least highly open-minded individuals.  I, myself, have always had taken interest in supernatural/paranormal phenomena, although I cannot remember experiencing close encounters in my past.;41.2102;-79.3771
Light moving high in the atmosphere in many diredtions, speeds, and even cricles.;2007-07-14 22:00:00;30 minutes;Light moving high in the atmosphere in many diredtions, speeds, and even cricles. It was a light about the internsity of, and size of a bright star.  It moved in many directions and speeds.  It would stop for a couple minutes in one place and then move on in a different direction.  It made 3 tight circular manuvers and during one of these turns it emmited what looked like 3 or 4 flaires evenly spaced that only burned for a short time duration. There were no sounds.  It looked as though it was extremely high in the atmosphere.  I do not know if the light was emmited form the object or if it was the suns reflection off of the object.  It stayed in a relativly small area of the sky.  At times the view was obstructed by a thin layer of clouds. There was no moon light.;41.2102;-79.3771
3 lights over the midnight sky;2021-04-19 00:45:00;30;3 lights over the midnight sky I was outside and looked up. Seen three total of the same kinda of light. Almost like a Christmas tree light twinkling. One was hovering very close like helicopter. And another was along a tree line. And the other was wide open over yonder. The one wide open stayed the longest. They all seem to be hovering and twinkling with light. And I got my gun spotting scope and could tell they were gaining altitude and the other two seemed to disappear in a blink of an eye. Thru the spotting scope. They looked like trianglar in shape. But was twinkling at a frequency most stars wouldn't.;41.2102;-79.3771
