green fireball w/long tail came straight down, when object reached horizon, was big flash like a huge explosion lit the whole sky for 1;1993-05-15 02:30:00;5 sec;green fireball w/long tail came straight down, when object reached horizon, was big flash like a huge explosion lit the whole sky for 1.5sec-flash was green also. it was an early morning 2:30am, spring '93, i was looking south and  a perfectly round green ball came streaking down from the sky, when it reached the point where the horizon was, a big green flash lit the whole sky, like an explosion. when i saw the ball i told my friend to look, he didn't see the ball but he saw the green flash, and said-what was that? it was very green-like neon green.;32.1545;-90.1301
Green flash then witness high altitude slow moving large fireball trajectory intersected by;2005-09-12 06:00:00;10 sec;Green flash then witness high altitude slow moving large fireball trajectory intersected by Explosion in the dark cloudless sky early this morning. It was at high elevation and appeared to be over Terry, MS (although that may be a bad guess). It took place @ 6:00am + - 5min. There was an initial bright greenish flash. It lit my up driveway and my first thought was lightening, but upon looking up, I was met by this odd spectacle. what I witnessed was a ball of fire that slowly traveled a short distance across the sky leaving a large smoke trail before it exploded. No audible evidence of the explosion ever presented itself.  A friend of mine saw the same event while out jogging in Vicksburg, MS. He said it looked like it was heading almost straight down from his perspective 50mi away from Florence. As for viewing angle, he said it appeared to be approximately E @ a 45deg up from the horizon. From my perspective in Florence, it was headed SE on a slow trajectory and lasted approximately 10sec. My viewing angle put it approximately WSW @ 80deg up from the horizon.  In addition, what looked like a shooting star traveling SW at high speed intersected where the burning object would have been if it hadn't exploded a fraction of a second earlier.  Really looked like an airplane was being shot down by missiles. Can't imagine what else it might have been. It certainly didn't appear to be a meteor judging by past experience. Rather unnerving....;32.1545;-90.1301
