Two flying wings (?) over Sherwood, OR night sky.;1981-10-20 21:00:00;about 15 sec;Two flying wings (?) over Sherwood, OR night sky. this is sighting from either 1981 or 1982. i don't remember which month or day or time of day, other than it was night.  it could possibly have been in the fall, judging by the amount of clouds in the sky. it was in Sherwood, Oregon, at XXXXX  SW pacific Hwy, near six corners.  this address no longer exists, or at least the house at this address no longer does.  the gas station just N of it is still there, however.  there was a bar W across the hwy. not sure if that still exists. in place of that area where the address was is now a road, going about E, i believe.  one evening, upon looking up into the night sky (as was my habit) on my front stoop, facing N, i was surprised and delighted to see two unusual objects straight above me.  They were flying what i figured to be about as low as a passenger jet readying for landing, for i also figured they were at least just as big.  i watched them carefully, not taking my eyes off of them. they made no sound.  even with the street traffic, i can hear aircraft that fly that low. the sky was patched with clouds.  The sky where i saw the craft was cloudless and dark and starred with the night.  the objects were as dark as the dark sky, with wings near the angle of flying wings. there were at least eight white lights on the backs of the wings, like one would see on the wings of a passenger jet.  there were no headlights, no blinking wing lights, no tail lights, blinking or otherwise and no body lights. There was no body per say and no tail.  It was just a wing, kind of a long triangular shape, but with a dip in the back middle. They were side by side, wing tips nearly overlapping. One of the wings was slightly in front of the other.  As they were both moving across the sky, the one behind moved just slightly in front of the one that was in front before.  Also, the angle of the wings was a bit different for each craft. They flew slowly north and disappeared into the clouds.  I saw them for about a long 15 seconds.  I reported it to the Oregon chapter of Mufon, I think it was a few years ago.  They came back with a link or links to aircraft pics for me to look at, to see if it looked like any of them.  The flying wing was the closest however, the wing angle was different. They said that either stealth or the flying wing (don?t remember which they said.  Cant find the report in my puter stuff) wasn't known of by the public in 1981/82. I told them that I knew of the flying wing at least by then, if not before. I had sent them links to the aircraft that looked most like in part, as well as links to flying wing sites and pics. Never heard back from them since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));45.35;-122.8559
I looked up in the sky, and right above me, about the height you'd see a landing airplane if you were near an airport, were two flying ;1981-11-20 19:00:00;5 min;I looked up in the sky, and right above me, about the height you'd see a landing airplane if you were near an airport, were two flying wing-type craft.  Both flew north and disappeared into the clouds. I look up into the sky quite often, anytime I hear a flying object in the vicinty, be it man-made or animal, or anytime I wish to take pictures, look up at the stars, the cloud formations or the local weather, especially thunder and lightning storms.  Rarely do I see some unusual natural phenomenon.  I have seen plenty of those high, distant lights that move acros the night sky, many repeatedly stopping, then starting again in a different direction.  Satellites or what?  I have also seen how people can mistake a common airplane for a UFO with certain angles and lighting and I believe I would be able take a photograph of said object and presto! a UFO.  I've even considered writing a book about how to fake UFO photographs with everyday objects. So then, there I was standing in my front yard, facing north.  It was dark and somewhat cloudy.  I look up and lo and behold, straight above me are two flying wing-type craft, flying close together like two fighter planes in close formation, one slightly ahead of the other, below the clouds.  The one ahead was to the east.  They made no noise and left no trail.  Judging by the size and speed I've seen of landing jetliners, they appeared to be of the same height and size and traveling at the same speed.  Are there places a jetliner could land so near Sherwood Or.?  Mainly what I could see of them were their lights.  The lights were in the same formation and color (white) as the string of lights on a jetliner, I believe on the bottom, back edge of the wings.  But there was one difference, these objects had NO blinking lights.  As I watched them they slowly flew north and the one to the west, which was slightly behind the other, moved slightly ahead, about as much ahead as the other was before.  I still heard no sound and saw no blinking lights.  They disappeared into the cloud cover.  If I stretched my arm out above me and measured hand-width from where I first saw them and where they went into the clouds, it would be about  two-and-a-half to three hand-widths.;45.35;-122.8559
Red lights in geometric patterns and Big Dipper constellation format in NW sky over Sherwood.;2015-01-21 20:00:00;2 minutes;Red lights in geometric patterns and Big Dipper constellation format in NW sky over Sherwood Multiple (18-24) red lights in NW sky over south Sherwood. Appear in geometric patterns and then changing into lines and triangular positions.  One group of lights takes on Big Dipper constellation formation - similar to report in Bend, Oregon, last year.  Lights are at times so close together it can't be helicopters due to close proximity.  Very bright and then within 30 seconds they are gone.    My view was obscured as we drove up to our house and by the time we got into position to see them again they were gone.  Did get 2 pictures.;45.35;-122.8559
