My wife and I saw what appeared to be a large orange object lit by a flickering red light eminating from the lower front.;2011-07-09 22:15:00;5 minutes;My wife and I saw what appeared to be a large orange object lit by a flickering red light eminating from the lower front. My wife and I were walking around the eastern end of the marina at the Lighthouse Landing Marina and Resort in Grand Rivers, KY, at approximately 10:00 PM on Friday, July 8th, when we observed an object in the sky moving from East to West-Southwest.  It seemed to be above the canal that connects the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers about ½ miles south of Grand Rivers.   We first thought it was a hot air balloon when it appeared over the tree-line in the distance because it seemed to glow as if lit by a flame.  But it seemed too round and move too fast to be a hot air balloon.  After about 5 to 10 minutes, it disappeared over the tree-line on the western bank of Kentucky Lake. We found it peculiar, but did not think too much of it.   The following night, Saturday, July 9th, at approximately 10:15 PM, we saw what appeared to be the same type of object again.  This time it was travelling from East-Southeast to West-Northwest and appeared to be almost directly over the chalets and campground on the southern side of the marina resort about 100 yards away.  We had a very good look at it this time.   I cannot be sure of its size because I am unsure of its altitude.  If I were to assume it was at the same altitude as small aircraft I am accustom to seeing in the area, I would estimate it would be about 20 to 30 feet in diameter.  Of course, if it was lower it would be much smaller and it would be larger if it was higher.   It also travelled at the same speed I would expect a small aircraft to travel.   It appeared to be dark orange and seemed to flicker from the lower front and underneath along the sides as if lit by a large, lazy red-ish flame, but I could not actually see flames.  There were no other lights visible on the object such as navigational or search/landing lights on an airplane or helicopter.   The object did not glow, radiate light or a beam of light. The night was clear and the sky filled with stars. This was not a light emitted from a river barge or other craft on the river.   Although it was relative! ly quiet in the area, we could not detect any discernable noise from the object.  The hot air balloon comparison most accurately describes the color and appearance.  However,  I want to stress that I do not believe it was a normal hot air balloon, as it was close enough, I should have seen a basket, it was the wrong shape, the flickering flame that wasn’t a flame came from the front and not underneath and it was moving way too fast.  We watched the object for about 15 minutes as it disappeared over the tree-line to the west of the Kentucky Dam.  There were several people in and around the marina parking lot that night that and someone else should have noticed.  However, we did not discuss what we saw with anyone and returned to the chalet we rented for the weekend.  The following morning we asked as we were checking out if anyone else had reported seeing the strange object.  The ladies behind the desk were very excited at our report, but said no one had mentioned seeing anything like that.   If anyone knows of some kind of secret high-speed hot air balloon in Kentucky, please let me know.  This will haunt my memory until I have a logical explanation of what we saw.;37.0746;-88.2629
fireball, silent, moving straight over top of town, too fast for balloon, too slow for aircraft, no clue, never seen anything like that;2011-11-05 20:00:00;2 min;fireball, silent, moving straight over top of town, too fast for balloon, too slow for aircraft, no clue, never seen anything like that Fireball, Light Orange, moving approx. same speed like a helicopter would move, no blinking, steady fire flame, moving straight line, not very high, dark sky, too slow for aircraft, too fast for balloon, silent, no position lights, undoubtful just fire ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.0746;-88.2629
