Light Makes a Very Fast 180 to Follow After Another Light;2005-08-25 21:00:00;2 minutes;Light Makes a Very Fast 180 to Follow After Another Light I was getting ready to look at the stars with my telescope when my dad went inside to get something.  When he was inside, I saw three lights I figured they were planes since they seemed to be on a common flight path that I have seen before with many other planes that fly on that path.  Although, I still watched them fly.  Two were moving from the right to the left and one was moving from the left to the right.  As they passed each other, one of the two lights did a quick 180 and flew after the other light.  The turn put me in awe, because it turned faster than any fighter jet or helicopter is even capable of doing.  When my dad came back out, I didn’t bother telling him because an occasion before my entire family didn’t believe me. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.745;-75.3199
Hovering / Pulsing Blue light  observed by 2 buses of students and adults;2010-10-17 18:40:00;2 minutes;Hovering / Pulsing Blue light  observed by 2 busses of students and adults While traveling home with a marching band from a competition in New Jersey, 2 entire buses of students, parents and staff witnessed something we are having difficulty in explaining. It was Sunday evening  October 17, 2010 at approximately 6:40 pm.  The skies were predominantly clear and the sun had set, but the skies were not completely dark.  By the end of the encounter a few short minutes later, the skies were dark. The buses had exited I-78 and just south of Nazareth, PA were turning left from Country Club Road onto Newburg Road, when an adult noticed a vibrant blue light out the left (drivers side) windows of the bus.  This light was far brighter than any of the stars which were visible.  As the bus made the left onto Newburg Road, the blue light was now out the right (passenger side) of the bus.  The light was now just above the tree line and was completely stationary.  We observed it for what seemed like an eternity, but in reality was only a few minutes.  During this time, several noted a “pulsing” twice from this light.  It then disappeared as though someone turned off a light switch.  I personally notice a very faint diagonal white line (vapor trail??) which quickly disappeared, but I am not sure if anyone else noticed this.  A few seconds later, the blue light reappeared in the exact same location, but now was bigger. While I only noticed what I thought to be more “pulsing” some of the students (with better vision than me) said it appeared to briefly divide into 3 lights which rotated and expanded outward slightly and then returned.  Others seemed to notice a reddish hue to the right side of the light, but I personally did not see these features.  Since the windows were closed, no sounds could be reported. Since the buses did not stop, within a few minutes we lost sight of the light out of the back of the bus.  It was clearly in our field of view well after we crossed rt. 191. All of the adults on the bus continued to search for rational explanations.  We decided to not say anything to the second bus to test the consistency of our story.  Immediately upon exiting the second bus, the students from bus 2 eagerly asked us if we saw the blue light.  They proceeded to validate the identical story. Several photos were taken from cell phones, but since the buses continued their journey without slowing, these images are slightly blurry.;40.745;-75.3199
5-7 very unusual lights were seen hovering in a formation, then disappeared right before our eyes.;2015-06-17 21:25:00;30 seconds;5-7 very unusual lights were seen hovering in a formation, then disappeared right before our eyes. I am writing to inform you of an unusual sighting I had with a friend, on June 17th, 2015. Our location is Nazareth, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of the state.  I was driving and he was in the passenger seat.  He will also be submitting a report on his perspective as well.  As I was driving, at the time, he of course got a slightly better look at the objects than I did.  However I will be submitting my perspective nonetheless. At approximately 9:25 PM, we were heading south on Blossom Hill Road, approaching a 3-way intersection with Newburg Road.  It had been a mostly cloudy and rainy day but had cleared up by this time and was a mild and partly cloudy evening.  At this point early in the evening, essentially no stars were visible in the sky.   As we approached the intersection we suddenly noticed a formation of 5 very brightly lit orange lights in a triangular or crescent formation.  They appeared to be hovering as a unit and had a certain “twinkle” to them similar to stars.  However, as noted before, there were not many (if any at all) stars visible in the night sky on this particular evening.  Although we were only approximately 8 miles from Lehigh valley international airport at this time, it was clear to both of us that these objects were very distinct from airplanes and appeared to act as a cohesive unit.  They were about as high in the sky as you would expect an average airplane to be, except appea! red to be “hovering” more so than “flying” to any particular destination.  It is also difficult to accurately size them because they were mere lights in the sky. At this point (after about 15 seconds) I had reached the intersection and put my car in park so we could get out and hopefully get a video of what we were witnessing.  At this point, the lights starting shifting into what appeared to be an “L” shape, moving together seamlessly almost as if they were a single craft.  Just seconds after they made the transition, they faded away one by one over about a 3-5 second span, almost as if they flipped a switch to turn their lights off.  Unfortunately, due to the brevity of the experience (about 30 seconds) and the limitations of our cameras on our phones we did not get the experience on video. As mentioned above, we do live close to an airport but these objects were very clearly not airplanes.  I also checked to see if there were any celebrations in my area that evening that could have had fireworks or something of the like, and there were not.   In addition, one of the most striking things about this experience is how much it mirrors many of the UFO sightings that have been reported within the past few years.   I am not implying that it was anything paranormal, but I have no way of explaining what we witnessed and it certainly demands further investigation. Thank you;40.745;-75.3199
