Glowing object descends from sky and changes color from white to green - followed almost ten minutes later by strange flash in the sky.;2000-08-03 22:30:00;10 Minutes;Glowing object descends from sky and changes color from white to green - followed almost ten minutes later by strange flash in the sky. At approximately 22:30 me and my wife were on our back deck.  My wife noticed a white object descending from the sky and told me to look.  Just as I turned my head a saw a white object, which then immediately turned to a neon green color.  As we watched, the object continued to descend and then began to fade.  It was moving faster than an aircraft, but slower than a meteor.  It did not leave an ionization trail, as a meteor would, and did not emit any noticeable sounds.  The object, when it changed color, did so immediately, not gradually.  It was descending at about 25 degrees off of the horizon.  It appeared to be a glowing ball, surrounded by either an aura or gas, that appeared to travel with it, without leaving a trail.  The aura/gas tapered off almost immediately behind the object.  After the object went behind the treeline and out of view, we waited five more minutes and my wife, feeling cold, went back into the house.  I stayed outside five more minutes, and deciding to go in, had one more look up at the sky.  I then saw a bright light almost directly above, that at first I thought was a bright star.  The light was not there earlier, and seemed to just appear as I looked up.  The light began to fade immediately, and then disappeared.  It did not show any motion, nor did I hear any sounds.  I decided to stay out a little longer and then counted nine conventional aircraft within the next five minutes, which did not seem normal at this time of night, as I normally go out at night to look at the stars when smoking.  I normally see about three or four aircraft.  I also saw one aircraft a few minutes after the initial sighting of the descending object, for a total of ten craft in as many minutes.;43.357;-83.8597999999996
