While helping on paper rout, early morning, right orange globe went down off to my right.;1982-09-12 05:30:00;1 minute;While helping on paper rout, early morning, right orange globe went down off to my right. The first time I saw the large orange sphere I was with my son doing the Sunday morning paper route, which was very large.  The reason I remember the approximate date so well was when we got home I sat down to read the Sunday paper and there was a report of a John David Gosch that had disappeared while doing his paper route.  All that was left was his red wagon on the corner where he was last seen.  My son held two paper routes, both weekly and Sunday and since the weekly route was a small paper, he usually ran his weekly paper route with just the dog along.  When I read about the Gosch boy, my son never went on any paper route alone again.  My son stopped and bent down to tie a shoe lace and as I turned to my right, this huge orange ball came from behind us, straight through the sky and gracefully went down somewhere behind one of the houses that Frank Lloyd Wright built.  I say gracefully because there was no sound, no tree tops blowing in the wind - it just floated straight and fast.  Naturally, by the time I grabbed my son by the back of his shirt and said did you see that.  He had missed the whole thing.  The second time I didn't see the orange ball, but I know it was there. I was sitting out on my deck, actually I sleep outside all summer when it's not raining and is warm enough.  It was probably about 11:30 pm and I was still sitting up watching the stars, etc., when a light came over my deck.  Like a strobe light actually.  The back end of my deck, looking north is about four foot off of the ground and there is a railing around the deck.  This light hit the top of the back railing and moved down across my deck, up to and over me.  I was facing the light and was sitting back almost to the wall if my house so I could see the big dipper.  All of a sudden it was like I was in broad daylight.  I leaned forward and looked to both sides trying to see where the light was coming from.  I thought someone had put up some kind of new yard light or something.  As I looked around I saw that no else’s back yard was lit up and the light was just around me.  It didn’t even cover my whole deck.  After about 4-5 minutes the light crawled back across my deck and disappeared so I just forgot about it.  The next night, Saturday at about the same time the light came back.  This time I got up out of my chair and went over to the back railing so I could look up over the house.  There was the big orange globe.  I was standing in daylight, literally, the light was so bright, but you couldn’t see a stream of light coming from the globe.  There were no blinking lights or anything.  It was absolutely motionless.  I stood their staring at it for about 4 minutes, at least it seemed that long.  I did notice Mars behind and to the left of the globe.  It was much farther up and not nearly as large so I do know it wasn’t Mars.  It didn’t seem to be perfectly smooth because I could see brownish (like indents) marks all over it.  There were no windows or anything and you couldn’t see where the light was coming from.  I really had the feeling that I was being watched.  I live in a regular ranch style house and that thing was bigger than my house.  It’s hard to judge distances but it looked like it was right on the other side of my house.  I remember getting a little aggravated because it didn’t do any thing and I said “for heaven’s sake say something or come down here and say something”.  Don’t just sit there!  I went over to my chair to grab a cigarette and when I returned to watch it again, it was gone.  There was no sign of it.  Not shooting off through the sky – nothing.  Once again, no sound, no trees blowing in the breeze – just gone.  When talking to my sister who still lives in Iowa, she said she had seen the orange globe almost two years earlier.  Now, I do have a huge imagination but my sister does not.  She said she was sitting outside on her back porch after dark and this bright globe looked like it came up out of the ground and rose just above the tree tops, then just sat there.  She went to get her husband to see and by the time she turned around it was gone.  Note Characteristics:  I checked emitted beams because I was bathed in a circle of light, and The object landed because I know the first time I saw it - it went down but it's more like it went into the earth. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.1506301886793;-93.1975528301887
