Low ufo disc seen by 5 in broad daylight.;1977-09-01 13:00:00;20 minutes;Low ufo disc seen by 5 in broad daylight. I was inside my home, and on the phone in the kitchen when I looked out my kitchen window and noticed a disc flying over the trees a few blocks away.  At first I thought it may have been a mylar balloon, but soon realized that was not so.  It glided gently over the tree tops to my left slowly. I told the neighbor who I was on the phone with, to go outside, and see what I was seeing as it was soon to pass over our street Raintree. She met me outside with our children, her two girls and my son, all young. We all watched as the disc crossed over our street a few blocks away and soon hovered in the air for a few minutes. It was amazing.  Then, slowly, slowly it went straight up. Very slowly, until it looked as small as a star in the day sky, which was bright, brilliant sky blue, with no clouds.  We watched it there for many minutes, and then it went back in the direction it had originally come from . Small as a star at that time. I called the naval air base an! d reported it.  They asked me questions. They agreed I had seen , we had seen a real ufo. It had no seams in the silver looking metal, I could see no windows. It made no sound, and I was not in a position to see a shadow.  That is the truth. The whole truth and not hing but the truth. So, help me God!!!!;33.0331804371195;-96.7216735220335
Collin County Sighting Plano, TX & Allen, TX;2010-09-30 10:37:00;3-5 minutes;Collin County Sighting Plano, TX & Allen, TX While walking my dog in Jack Carter Park in Plano, with clear skies, and many planes and stars above I turned to find what I thought was a very unusual plane coming towards me.  I was so in awe of the glowing blue lights with two large balls in front and center and very slowly changing shades of red, pink and magenta,  I just eagerly awaited it to fly over so I could describe it to some friends that work for an airline so they could identify it.  It just looked like a fancy private plane rimmed in neon blue lights to me. Then instead of flying over as I expected it darted backwards and upward in an instant to what seemed what have to have put in in Allen, TX, just north, flew amazingly higher, and of course became much smaller. Next it started darting up and down at unbelievable speeds and darting extreme straight right and left as it was lowered and raised again. Then it disappeared underneath the tree line. I waited for about 10 minutes and never saw it agai! n before returning home.  What I saw was absolutely plain and clear, there was nothing iffy about it to me, and there is no common explanation for it. Nothing would ever change my mind about what I saw. I was hoping it would make the news today...but I didn't see anything, couldn't even find a blog about it...So for whatever anyone would like to share, I thought this ought to be logged.  I know this would not be the popular thing to share in very Conservative Plano, lol....But I just wanted to share, I know I could not have been the only to see it.  So for whatever it's worth...this was my experience... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.0331804371195;-96.7216735220335
