Me and My friends were sleeping outside when we saw a UFO.;2000-06-23 22:45:00;1 minute;Me and My friends were sleeping outside when we saw a UFO. Okay, Well Me And My Friends were sleeping outside in there tent. When two of my friends wanted to go jump on the trampoline, they left the tent and I was leaving trying to make my friend stay in as a joke, When I saw a bright Blue light blink, so I turned around and my two friends were looking up so I looked up to,when I saw a big floating circular disc not to far above us. Then I saw a cone come down from the ship. I knew it was a UFO. Then The cone went back up in the ship. Then it flew away to fast to see. After that we were standing there shocked for like 3-5 minutes. After we stoped standing there we were all scared. Then we dicided to still sleep in the tent. Even know I kinda didn't want to. When we were in the tent talking about what happend we saw the bright blue light blink again. We were all to scared to look. We all still talk about it to this day. We know for a fact that it wasn't an airplane because it blinked different then a airplane, and it just was floating there in the air for about a minute. So we definetley knew that it was a UFO. Please e-mail me back. THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE.;40.6979;-112.0865
Strange Bright Light over Oquirrh Mountains of Salt Lake City;2002-07-30 22:08:00;10 minutes;Strange Bright Light over Oquirrh Mountains of Salt Lake City I was looking out my kitchen window to the west when I saw a very big light over the mountains (Oquirrh Mountains).  I knew that it was not anything that was usually there.  I watched it for about 5 minutes and it did not move.  I went inside and got my binoculars and looked at it for a minute, but could not distinguish anything but a very, very bright light.  I could observe airplanes and they usually blink.  This was not like an airplane.  I went inside to call my sister and as I was speaking, the brilliant light slowly, very slowly, went behind the mountain.  I would not have reported this if not for the fact that my husband, who works at the airport, saw something very strange in the sky tonight.  We are about 20 miles away and I could not see what he was looking at.  He said it was cigar shaped and changed.  I will have him add his report later.;40.6979;-112.0865
Amber light, moving in wierd ways.;2013-12-31 22:15:00;45 minutes;Amber light, moving in wierd ways At 23:15 I was driving to my job as I work a grave yard shift. I live in the west side of the Salt Lake valley near the mountain.  I only live about a five minute drive to my place of employment, while driving I noticed what I thought was an airplane in the distance out over the mountain. It was a different colored light than what is the normal green and red, it was a dark amber color almost orange.  I didn’t think much of it until I realized it was on my side of the Oquirrh Mountains (less than two miles away) and could not have been an airplane, so I pulled into a church parking lot to watch it.  My second guess was it could have been a helicopter, but I couldn’t hear it make any sound.  The strange light went lower behind a mountain called hogs back losing sight of it so off to work I went. I have a co-worker that lives near where I do and she called me asking if I saw the strange orange light up against the mountain that was leaving a lit up trail in the nig! ht sky, I confirmed that I did.  I left the building I work in to go look for the strange light. It was midnight and all the New Years Eve fireworks lit up the sky.  I could see the amber light again near the mountain now moving in a weird circular pattern, my co-worker confirmed this as we were still on the phone with each other I asked her if it could have been fireworks, she told me she had been watching it for a while and it wasn’t. I decided to call a family member who lived in an apartment building in the same area asking her if she could see a strange amber light up against the mountain.  She was skeptical in asking me “is this another one of you weird UFO things”.  I just ask her to look for it and tell me what it was doing, she got silent for few seconds as she confirmed by saying “yea that’s weird its up by your house against the mountain moving sporadically, yea that’s cool”.  She confirmed that it made no sound.   When I got off the phone, I noticed that it was now sitting still (hovering) in the sky after a minute or so it drop! ped down out of sight behind some trees in the distance, my family member later confirmed when we discussed it the next day.   Whatever it was, was about the size of a small car, and looked to be covered in light.  From when I first noticed it until I couldn’t see it anymore was approx 45 minutes, it came in intervals that were sporadic.;40.6979;-112.0865
On 10/12/17 at 23:25 a coworker and I were outside when a bright blue circular object appeared high in the middle of the sky.;2017-10-19 23:25:00;5 seconds;On 10/12/17 at 23:25 a co-worker and I were outside when a bright blue circular object appeared high in the middle of the sky.  It instantly flew off at a high rate of speed West to east.  The blue sphere had no tail.   Then on 10/19/17 at again 2325 my co-worker and I were outside again when the same object appeared in the middle of the sky and flew off this time east to west.;40.6979;-112.0865
