25' mirror ball traveling 60' up at 300 mph on a clear morning. passed about 100 feet from us .;1985-05-10 06:00:00;15 seconds;25' mirror ball traveling 60' up at 300 mph on a clear morning. passed about 100 feet from us . Mirror like finish,very slight haze about 1' around it,  about 25' diameter.  It was traveling due West on 54 South Street and 80th West.  I was traveling due East. It was about 60 feet above ground, not twice as high as the power poles.  It was traveling about 300mph. I saw it for about 8 to 10 seconds, in which time it traveled about 2 miles.  It passed parallel to me traveling in the opposite direction, about 75 feet North of me, to my left.  I was East bound at about 50mph. At the closest point, we were about 100 feet away. It was traveling at a fixed altitude.  As it past me and crossed 84th West Street the ground raises up into the Ochure Mountains, it moved up and down as the ground rose and fell towards the foot hills.  I could see it coming for about a half mile, as it approached, I lost sight of it for about one second as it dropped below the horizon as the road in front of me (about 1/4 mile away) dropped off the hill side.  It came back up into sight as the road leveled out in front of me and then past us. I turned my head and watched it contouring with the land elevation change until it was too far away to see, about a mile or so.  Oddly, my wife (we were driving to work and were almost there, we worked at the Hercules rocket motor plant and Hercules Graphite fiber plant in Magna) didn't say a single word.  After about 5 seconds I asked her did you just see something you'd have a hard time explaining to someone?  She said you mean the big mirrored glass ball that just flew past us?.   I said good, then I'm not crazy!.   There were no other cars on the road, no one around, it's now built up around there, in those days it was an industrial plant out in the dry farms.  It was just a few minutes before sunrise.  I've seen ball lightening ..and this was not ball lightening.  Clear sky, beautiful day. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the source of the report does not indicate that fact.  PD));40.6979;-112.0865
Saturday morning UFO's over Magna Utah.;2002-04-13 11:00:00;30 minutes;Saturday morning UFO's over Magna Utah. Saturday morning I was on the way to my mothers house, I seen 4 young girls in there front yard looking up in the sky. When I got to my mothers house I looked in the area where the girls were looking and I seen 2 spheres in the sky holding there position. There was no cameras at my mothers house so I drove 4 blocks to my house to get my camcorder. I could not find the objects in the sky from my house so I drove back to my mothers house were the objects was still holding there positions. I video taped them for about 20 minutes, then the objects moved off to the East. I did not get to tape them as they left. ((NUFORC Note:  One of seven reported sightings from same source.  PD));40.6979;-112.0865
Bright glowing, reflected surface.  Sphere-like, seemed to change shape slightly.  Hovered below clouds for 30 min.;2017-08-31 19:30:00;30 minutes;Bright glowing, reflected surface.  Sphere-like, seemed to change shape slightly.  Hovered below clouds for 30 minutes. Two other friends and I were walking around a cemetery in Magna, Utah.  It was just before the sun was setting, so still day time.  I looked up directly above me for some reason and noticed a circular object hovering in the sky.  My friends noticed it and we thought it was a balloon, but then noticed how big it was but also bright.  It didn't move clouds moved away from it and we saw it clearly and it was definitely a stationary object of some sort.   It didn't move at all for the 30 minutes we observed it.  It almost looked like it was changing shapes slightly.  It reflected the colors of the sunset as the sun was setting in that half hour.  When the sun faded, it seemed to get smaller and smaller, and then by the time it got dark it almost seemed like just another star in the sky. When we first saw it when it was still light out, we called a couple of friends who were driving and asked if they could see it.  They could as well and didn't know what it was, but commented that it seemed large, stationary, and bright. We all felt as if this was out of the ordinary.  We are all educated, logically people who tried to explain this away, but couldn't.  There was a brief moment when we got somewhat frightened, not sure what it was.  But at the same time, we felt like it was a lucky thing to see.;40.6979;-112.0865
