Light object makes perfect square moving in the night Kansas sky.;1973-09-20 10:30:00;30 seconds;Light object makes perfect square moving in the night Kansas sky. I Guessing now that this sighting was sometime in the summer of 73'.  I had just taken out my mums dogs for a last walk for the night.  I got as far as the driveway when I typically looked up.  It was a beautiful night and the sky was clear, no moon, no wind.  the amount of sky i was looking at varied considerably because of trees, powerlines other houses to include my own.  as I started to walk a blink of light caught my eye out of the west.  I didn't think much of it at first because it was quite a distance in altitude.  But then I saw what appeared to be the same blinking light again only this time it was in a different place in sky.  When I say blinking the light would momentarily go out and it would reappear in another part of the sky. So if you can imagine I was piviting from right to left watching this light make a perfect square in the sky.  So at every corner point it would reappear at the next corner. Finally upon completing a perfect square it shot off to the north at incredible speed to the point it left a shimmering trail that did not last long. The amount of sky that this light covered was to say the least amazing. The speed in which it completed the square no past nor present aircraft could make those kind of manuevers.  I was 13 at the time.  I have since completed 20 years in the Air Force and I can tell I know as I did then as I do know now the dynamics of aircraft.  This was no terrestrial aircraft.  I believe while watching this light I was encountering an intelligence.  This part in unexplainable on my part, but I just felt as if the movements of this light had a purpose. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
2 lights that split into 2 sets of 4 bright lights flashing and moving across the sky, then disappearing.;2005-08-22 21:08:00;1-2 minutes;2 lights that split into 2 sets of 4 bright lights flashing and moving across the sky, then disappearing. Last night at 9:08 CST just a couple miles east of Salina Kansas on highway I70, I saw some unexplained lights.  There were 2 lights in the sky that looked like 2 very bright stars, then all the sudden they split into 4 lights each and flashed or pulsated about 4 times, each time moving across the sky a little more, then disappeared, sky was black, then the 2 sets of 4 lights appeared and started again flashing and moving across the sky.  At first it almost looked like when you see a fireworks show, how a large ball of light goes across the sky and then when it reaches so high, it bursts....but these didn't burst, the lights just flashed and moved accross the sky, and then disappeared.   Also, about a month ago my son and his girlfriend were on old hwy 40 by Brookville Kansas (about 20 miles from my sighting) and spotted what appeared to be the tale of a very, very large aircraft with a set of verticle lights.  It appeared to be turning and they just saw the tail end of it, and then it suddenly flew away at unexplainable speeds (he described it like what is shown on scifi tv programs as going into hyperspeed, where it just flashes and shoots away) and he feels certain there is nothing he's ever heard of existing that could move that fast.  On the show Unexplained Mysteries this morning, one of the sets of lights it showed looked very much like what I saw last night.;38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
Glowing sphere moving north to south changing light intensity stopped and sat there.;2009-08-04 23:10:00;1 hour;Glowing sphere moving north to south changing light intensity stopped and sat there. I was on the phone and happened to glance up and saw a brightly glowing sphere moving faster than a plane from north to south across the eastern sky, it dimmed to half light and slowed down about 10 seconds in and stopped about 2 inches above another star and glowed the same brightness as the star and sat there until about 00:05 until I was tired and could'nt wait anymore and came inside to report it.;38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
Flashing red light in south western sky emits light orbs and is seemingly pursued by a fightert. ((NUFORC Note:  Celestial body?  PD));2010-06-29 23:30:00;1 hour;Flashing red light in south western sky emits light orbs and is seemingly pursued by a fighter jet. It was about 11:30pm central and I was outside in my backyard on the phone with a friend, looking at the stars as I frequently do when I'm outside, and I notice a flashing red light sitting in the sky to the south west.  I continue on with my conversation just watching it when it starts to move east still flashing. I ask my friend who lives about 7 blocks north of me to go outside and look, he sees it as well but dismissed it since he has work in the morning. So we get off the phone and I continue watching it, it then changes direction from moving east to moving west immediately without slowing and appeared to continue at the same speed it had been going, which is when I decided to go inside and tell my Father to come out and look.  So we go to our back yard and continue observing it, it then starts moving from west to north.  We watch it for a little while, every now and then the light would just stop then resume 10-20 seconds later, not in sequence, just at random times this would happen.  It continued doing strange maneuvers such as ascending and descending quickly, changing direction without slowing, sometimes stopping altogether, and changing speed sporadically from very slow to fast. It stays in about the same general area, to the south and to the west turning, moving back and forth up and down over that area.  We were already amazed by how it was changing direction immediately with no change of speed, it didn't slow down it simply started moving the opposite direction in an instant, and did that numerous times.  After a while of this it is in the same area, still south west but slightly more west, and it stops as it had done a few times before.  This next part happens over the span of 3-4 seconds:  When it stops the light goes off, also as it had done numerous times beforehand, and suddenly emits a very very bright white orb of light about twice the size of the initial flashing red object we had been observing, and I'm talking ! really bright, this white orb seemingly splits into 2 orbs of ! light, o ne descending and one ascending which both dim and go out very quickly. As I said that happened over the course of 3-4 seconds, and was quite extraordinary. The object then resumes moving, and is heading west to a point where the tree line behind our house was blocking our view so we couldn't see it. Over the course of the next 10 or more minutes we would see it over the tree line a few times, moving south, sometimes north, and still flashing. At a few points in time over the course of the whole observation when the blinking would cease, rather than us not seeing it which had happened a few times, it would appear as just a solid red light moving, then continue flashing. The flashes were slow the whole time they were happening, not in perfect sequence but each was about one second apart, sometimes slightly faster sometimes slightly slower. So at this point we're only seeing it every now and then over the treeline, until it moves farther west to the point where we don't see it! at all for about 5 minutes. It had never made any noise. There are many fighter jets at our airport currently, they fly over many times a day, they are much louder and fly much lower than the commercial planes that fly over town do, about the same altitude the propeller planes fly at. One takes off from the airport which is about 1 1/2 miles west of our house, we saw it ascend from the area of the airport, it was flying low, looped around east over the very edge of town not far from our house with all of it's lights on, and as it turned south west the engines got much louder, and took off fast in the direction of the object we had been observing until it too moved far enough that the tree line prevented us from seeing it. We continued watching  for a while and neither returned. It was right about 12:25am when we decided to go in since it was late and the event appeared to be over. I've returned outside numerous times over the course of the night and it has not returned, an! d obviously decided it was worth reporting, in hopes somebody ! else may have seen this. It has inspired me to buy a high definition video camera, it would have been amazing to have recorded. ((NUFORC Note:  Celestial body?  PD));38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
Glowing sphere moving much faster than any aircraft I've seen near that altitude.;2011-04-11 05:30:00;2-3 minutes;Glowing sphere moving much faster than any aircraft I've seen near that altitude. I went out to have a cigarette and I saw a glowing white circle of light very high up that was glowing brighter than most of the stars in the sky,  it was moving much faster than any aircraft I've seen near that altitude.  It was moving North to South when I first noticed it and after about 30-45 seconds it immediately changed direction heading East South East and appeared to be increasing in altitude.   There were no flashing lights, it slowly got smaller until it dimmed out and I couldn't see it anymore leading me to believe it was increasing in altitude.  I decided to report it because I haven't seen aircraft quite that high up and the closest to that altitude that I have seen them the flashing lights were always clearly visible and this was just glowing white.;38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
Bright blue object moving erratically through the night sky.;2013-06-05 21:30:00;4-6 minutes;Bright blue object moving erratically through the night sky. Object was a blue light moving vertically out of the tree line.  Object changed direction multiple times often coming to a complete stop and reversing direction.  Object often moved in an erratic manner.  Intensity if blue light would change becoming a dull blue to a bright blue.  Object dipped below the tree line only to reappear a few minutes later.;38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
While star gazing on a clear night, I watched 3 UFO's fade into visibility, one after the other.;2014-08-01 23:30:00;15 seconds;While star gazing on a clear night, I watched 3 UFO's fade into visibility, one after the other. I was star gazing on my back patio, no clouds in sight, it was a beautiful night, when I saw three UFO's directly above me.  I noticed in my peripheral vision a very bright light, heading north, directly above me.  It was brighter than any star visible, and I watched it fade into sight from the darkness.   In full sight, I watched the light began to fade away quickly, when another UFO appeared nearly exactly where the other disappeared, traveling south-west, directly above me.  This one was not as bright, but I knew it was not an airplane, nor satellite, I also watched this sprout from the blackness.  The third I saw also faded into being from the blackness of space, but this was not like the other two. It was a faint orange light, with a blinking red light.  The light was not flashing in a pattern, like you would see on any other aircraft, and the UFO was not moving smoothly.  It was almost jumping or stuttering on its path.  Eventually, it flew into a treeline and I was unable to tell if it faded away or not.;38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
