Orb's flying threw the trailer house.;1987-07-07 23:30:00;3 minute's;Orb's flying threw the trailer house. It was sometime in the year of 1987 maybe? I was living in a trailer house in Salina, Ks in a small trailer court on the southeast cornner of the intersection of Cloud and Broadway street's. The trailer set lenght way's north and south on the lot, with the front or front room\kitchen to the north. The layout of the trailer was the front north the first room is the kitchen, then the living room, two small bedroom's the bathroom then the master bedroom on the south end. There was a hallway that ran from the living room down the east side of the trailer to the master bedroom. With two outside doorway's, one from the livingroom to the front porch just off the kichen and the second back door down the hall across from the bathroom.  It was probley around 11 or 11:30 at night and I had just gone to the back bedroom to to to sleep. I hadent been in bed for very long when I heard a very loud bang or exsplosion (ever put a cherrybomb in a metal trash can?) right out the south bedroom window not but a few feet from my head. I was just starting to setup in bed to go out to see who was messing around. And right when I got ready to swing my feet from the bed to get up I noticed something on the east wall of the hall some four feet down from the back door. There was a spot on the wall glowing kind of orange in color and as I sat frozen in bed watching this spot it slowly grew bigger around and came outward from the wall in a glowing dome of light on the dark brown wood paneling of the wall, and ever so slowly it grew bigger and then a more solid core of this thing started to come threw until it emerged completly into a glowing orb of redish\orange light. And as it was floating across the hall some two feet above the floor then started to go threw the wall between the hall and bedroom I saw another spot start to form on the outside hall wall this time a greenish\yellow in color and it slowly grew in size and came into the house into the hallway and as it was coming into the hall the first redish one was slowly going threw the other wall into the second bedroom. Then the greenish one moved across the hall to go into the wall and into the bedroom after the first one. The doorway of the bedroom was open and as I lay there half out of bed frozen in wonder at what I was seeing and watch one then the other of these ball's of light come into the house and float aross the hall and go threw the wall into the bedroom I could see the light grow brighter and bigger as they came threw the wall from outside and the full brightness and size of them while they where in direct veiw in the hallway and as they kind of dimmed down as they moved threw the bedroom wall and as the first one was going threw the bedroom wall a notice as the full brightness of it th! at was in the hallway dimmed down and as part of it's light no longer came from the hall but slowly started coming out of the open doorway of the bedroom until the light from the first one came more and more from the doorway and less from the hall and all the while the first one's light changed from the hall to coming out of the doorway the second one was coming threw the outside wall into the hall until by the time the light from the first was coming from just the door way and now the second one was now fully in the hall in all of it's brightness and size and then it too slowly went across the hall to start to go threw the bedroom wall into the second bedroom fallowing the path of the first and it's light slowly changed from just coming from the hall to slowly starting to come out of the doorway until it too was  in the bedroom with the first one and I could no longer see eaither one of them but only there light coming out of the doorway and I could see the angle of the light change as they move across the bedroom until the redish\orange light of the first one slowly started to dimm and then the light of it went out completly and then the second greenish\yellow one slowly dimmed down to go out after the first one. I set there as I had the entire time half setting up in bed  in the darkness now that the light from the orb's had gone. Then I got out of bed and pulled on my jean's and went out the back doorway and around the south end of the trailer to the west yard to try to see where the ball's of light had gone to but I could see no sign of  them, there was another trailer that set to the west of mine and I looked at the window's  to see if I could see the light of the orb's coming from them thinking that maybe they had gone into it as they had mine but I could see no sign of them.  After looking around and up into the night sky for a few minute's I gave up and went back in and went back to bed and fell quickly asleep as if nothing much had happened at all.  The lenght of time of this sighting is about 2 to 3 minute's? The orb's\ball's of light about two to three feet in diameter of the outer corona of light coming out from the more solid inter core of the center wich was about a foot across. I had seen ball's of light or orb's like this before in a bigger group flying across some feild's and wich I have also made a report on. And to the best I am able to tell they are of the same type of craft\probe or whatever they are. And they had a feeling about them that they where somehow alive or at least controled by some intelegant being? And one thing that has alway's puzzeled me is how while it was all going on how in wonder and amazement I felt and then how after it was over I could just forget about it all and go to sleep as if nothing had happened at all. It was only year's latter when I thought about it any at all that I wished that I would of thought to get out of bed and touched one of them to see what would happen and to know for shure that they where real by touching them, but then maybe that would'nt have been such a smart thing to do? And after thinking about this sighting and other one's I have had I have only question's with no answer's and many question's to ask with knowone to ask them. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  One of three long reports from the same witness.  PD));38.8287945054945;-97.631779120879
