Strong bass sound that cycled up and down from the sky .  No crafts in sight .;2003-10-18 20:15:00;Thirty seconds;Strong bass sound that cycled up and down from the sky .  No crafts in sight . It started with my bedroom window ratteling a and a deep hum that seemed to cycle up and down .. I went outside to observe where the sound was comming from and my attention was drawn to the sky .. IT was a clear sky above me with no signs of any craft of any kind .. The sound continued for about thirty seconds and stoped like someone turned off a switch .. This is the first time ive heard anything like this before .. Please review this and tell me if anybody else reported this incendent .. Thanks for you time ..    ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  One of three seemingly credible reports from same source.  PD));38.9602;-122.6334
Multiple crafts seen over Clearlake, seen descending to Mt. Konocti;2020-02-10 22:00:00;150 minutes;Multiple crafts seen over Clearlake, seen descending to Mt. Konocti Last night my husband and I stepped onto the porch for a cigarette, I believe it was sometime between 9-10pm. I saw a bright flash and then a light blazing across the sky, it looked like what I would assume a meteor breaking into Earth's atmosphere looks like. I saw another small shooting star very close in proximity to the light stream.  At this point I assumed it was a meteor or something and continued our conversation. As we were discussing the moon's position and the gravitational pull, we gazed up and saw a very bright light, much brighter than any star, moving up and down and it did a small circle.  It appeared to move closer to earth, then it would go further away. It was moving considerable distance, extremely visible when comparing to location of surrounding stars. My husband ran off the porch, I followed.  He noticed a formation of 5 lights, in a triangle shape over to the east side of the sky.  Each light seemed to be moving independently, moving very little, but maintaining formation. We turned our attention back to the singular bright light, as it appeared to change from it's original blue color to a flash of red, shooting small bits of light from it. On the western horizon, two crafts appeared, flashing very quickly and brightly. They flew together at the same speed(which was extremely fast), then slowed, and again flew very quickly. These two flew directly in the path of the singular craft, then crossed the sky to the second formation of crafts. At this point I became uneasy, realizing that there was an army of crafts flying above us, and unsure of their intentions. I went inside and begged my husband to follow. We were both in shock and trying to process what we just witnessed. When I came in I looked at the clock and found that nearly 3 hours had passed by, feeling like minutes. A few minutes later he stepped back out, and called for me to come. The singular light had now traversed almost completely across the horizon, and was sinking low, right around Mt. Konocti. It was unbelievable. I have been searching for other reports of this activity, as it was extremely visible and bright on a clear calm night.;38.9602;-122.6334
