Bright crown shaped object sitting stationary in the clear mid-day sky, shrinks to a spot and then disappears.  Happens 3 times.;2015-10-30 16:30:00;5-10 minutes;Bright crown shaped object sitting stationary in the clear mid day sky, shrinks to a spot and then disappears. Happens 3 times Approximately 16:45, Driving on I-70 south bound with my 10 yr old son, clear blue sky, we noticed a round spot in the sky, looked like a star however it must have been far brighter because it was so clearly seen in the day time.  After approximately 5 seconds it disappeared.   We see jets in the sky on a daily basis so we were trying to figure out how this spot could have been a jet when we saw a crown shaped object, 5-10x larger than the spot, once again as bright, sitting motionless in the sky approximately where the spot had been previously.   It remained there for some time as my son and I talked and tried to figure out what it could possibly be.  Then it shrunk down to a spot, like the one we had seen originally, and then disappeared.   We couldn't figure what would be so bright and sit stationary in the sky like that when suddenly it appeared again.  Again we watched and racked our brains to try and figure out what it could possibly be when again it shrunk to the spot for a few seconds and then disappeared.   When the bright crown shape appeared the third time in approximately the same place in the sky I let off the gas and almost coasted to a stop, staring and not believing what I was seeing however my son was seeing the same thing.   We continued to drive in the same direction for approximately 10 more minutes before exiting the freeway, we didn't see the bright object appear again.  When we got to our destination and got out of the car we could see a couple of jets and the trails they leave in the sky and the trails were not nearly as bright and yellow as the object we had seen as we were driving.   I feel there must be some logical explanation for what we saw but I can't figure what would sit so stationary in the sky, disappear and then return.;38.7416;-112.0731
