Well I didn't know there was a place you can put sightings. Yes I was seven and it was right around Christmas time , we lived in some a;1977-12-23 09:00:00;5 minutes;Well I didn't know there was a place you can put sightings.  Yes, I was seven, and it was right around Christmas time, we lived in some apartments in Lancaster, Ky...   We was going to walk back to our apartment building from a neighbor visit. It was Myself, One sister, My dad, My Moma, and two other kids from the neighborhood also witnessed it. Anyways we was getting ready to cross the street when you couldnt help but look Up!!!!   There Was a Huge White Hovering ship Round Saucer Shaped hovering above the Apartment building Across the Street!!!!!!  It Was Dead Silent No Sound.  It was White in color  .... and you could Clearly See this No problem you didnt just see lights!!!!  You Seen the Whole Ship!!!  it Looked like a Row or more of Lights kinda like bulbs....  going all the Way Around the object....  and the color of the ship Was a whitish color.  and there was some kinda antenna coming off the top ...  (We All JUST STOOD THERE AND STARED''  IT WAS LIKE WE COULDNT MOVE OR WAS IN SHOCK.)  Well it hovered quietly maybe three minutes maybe less''  then Slowly Turned Sideways like on Its Side.............''' and then it Was Like Whooooshhhhh and Disappeared like a Flash of Light!!!!!!!  It was Sooooo  Amazing and Neat and Scarey All in One!!!!   its An Experience i Will Never Forget!!!!!  i guarantee you that!!!  My Dad never called the police or whomever youd call back then fearing they'd just Laugh at Him.  But I for One know Flying Saucers '' My friend Are Not Fiction. ((initials deleted))  -  Ky;37.6584;-84.6014
bright white circle seen over highway;2006-03-04 19:00:00;5secs.;bright white circle seen over highway i was driving home north on highway 27 from stanford.saw a circle of bright white light go from east to west over my car. the circle glowed on the outside as if it had a force field of some type around it. the inside of the circle was perfectly round and bright white. it blinked out of sight.it was low in the sky and at arms length it was as big as a grapefruit. it was not like anything ive ever seen or heard of.;37.6584;-84.6014
4 lights/orbs rotating.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect advertising lights.  PD));2012-07-05 10:20:00;30 minutes;4 lights/orbs rotating There were 4 identical lights/orbs.  The lights all rotated clockwise in a circle around an arbitrary point. After one and a half rotations, the four lights stopped momentarily and converged to a central point.  At the central point, the four lights again paused for a moment, then returned to their positions and proceeded to rotate, again, counterclockwise. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect advertising lights.  PD));37.6584;-84.6014
