craft chases airliner and jets intercept too late;1998-03-28 13:00:00;2minutes;craft chases airliner and jets intercept too late It was a breezy 80 degree Saturday on March 28, 1998 that my wife, brother in law, his skinny friend and I took a drive in the country to see some of the little towns in the area. We had just moved into the county recently from the county just north of where we were driving. We turned down a old road and were heading west when I pointed out a spiral cloud in the sky to my wife. I reminded her of a television show we saw a week or so earlier that talked about spiral shaped clouds that migratory birds use to gain altitude for long journeys. The show also mentioned that these so called twist tubes were said to attract UFOs. Our younger backseat passengers took note and my wife and I ventured into different conversation. About a minute or so later my brother and law's friend said slowly in a calm voice, hey guys, I think there's something in the sky by that plane. We all immediately looked into the sky and I saw an egg shaped disk approximately 1/6 the size of a commercial airliner which the object was following. Frustrated with trying to drive and look I pulled over hoping that this decision would not make me miss the event. When I stepped out I witnessed 9 to 10 seconds of object flight that convinced me that the truth really was out there. I saw the silver slightly elongated craft appear to taunt the jetliner as it moved back and forth quickly under the fuselage and stopping at window level. I would think that someone on the plane would have seen the object. I saw it go left of the plane a to the right of the plane's fuselage once, hesitating directly under the fuselage as it passed under. It then moved behind the tail of the plane, rolled out to the left, and faded up in altitude and out of sight quickly. When we all settled back into the car and took a breathe of air I barely had time before I excitedly pointed out two airplanes coming from the south or Dayton, Ohio area and how much quicker they were traveling than the robust air traffic in the almost crystal clear skies. Noone spoke a word as both! jets cr iss-crossed a path leaving jet fuel above an old aviary secret. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous.  PD));40.1067000000001;-83.7620999999999
