Four visible, identical, shape-changing UFOs over a large E city going toe-to-toe with intruders that are only visible on cameras.;2010-07-30 20:44:00;2-3 hours;Four visible, identical, shape-changing UFOs over a large Eastern city going toe-to-toe with intruders that are only visible on cameras At 8:44 on the dot...every night since March 5.  MUFON says this is impossible. The first of four appear directly over the City Of Reading, PA.  It is NOT VENUS. It is BIG and BRIGHT looking, through binoculars, like a kryptonite headlight.  When it first appears it sometimes looks like a white circle with light beams coming off it. It goes through about 20 minutes of development during which time it becomes larger, brighter and drops lower in altitude.  During this time, also, it develops a metallic protrusion at the five o'clock position...we often refer to it here as the ((deleted)). Around 9:30 the second, third and fourth appear very high in the sky and much farther out.  They clearly come from the same factory.  We now call them JFV1, 2 3 and 4 in honor of John Forester, the Managing Editor of The Reading Eagle who continues to insist #1 is Venus. The biggest, closest and brightest (JFV1) then goes through his nightly routine of travelling a semi-circle over and away from the city getting so low the camera is well-below the LEVEL point.  Throughout his routine, he is approached by INTRUDERS that look just like stereotypical flying saucers and the like. These are not visible to the naked eye but are captured quite well by 14mp and 900mm Pentax SMC lens. The INTRUDERS seem to use JFV1 as if it were a New Jersey Traffic Circle.  Sometimes they seem to be in conflict.  JFV1 often contorts into ugly shapes when they are moving too fast or too close...very weird but they are definitely communicating. STRANGE PHYSICS...When taken out-of-focus JFV1 becomes OTHER clear and IN-FOCUS OBJECTS usually in the form of a nonagon.  Surfaces of the nonagon can be presented looking like a bucket of garbage or even the scene of PA countryside from an airplane.  ALSO when in the nonagon aspect NOTHING ELSE is visible in the sky. I am emailing some photos. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the object, or objects, may be celestial bodies.  We doubt that they are UFO's.  PD));40.3381900684932;-75.9470431506849
