It looked like a star at first but since when do stars move in an octagon motion i went inside to get my bill of lading and came back o;1998-09-24 00:15:00;10-15 minutes;It looked like a star at first but since when do stars move in an octagon motion i went inside to get my bill of lading and came back out to see its movement was now in trianle shapes...like it was trying to make a triangle shape.. I drive fuel truck at night(( and no i don't huff the fumes.)) It was to the south about 11 o clock if facing west and looking S. to N. there are mountains all around (( the Big Horns )) the sky was Clear i just looked up and saw what looked like a star but ive never seen a star move in the the direction of a octagon and I went in the builing to get my bill of lading for my load of fuel and came back out and seen it moving in a triangular motion I thought i was doing it w/ my eyes thinking it was in my head so i held my head w/ both hands to be sure i wasn't moving my head...and low and behold I WASNT...it lasted about 10 -15 min..and then it was gone..;44.7862;-106.9608
Bright Light U.F.O..  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible contrail??  PD));2014-12-01 10:00:00;5 minutes;Bright Light U.F.O. Morning of the first of December 14, in daylight, I was driving down a dirt road, heading south, when I looked up to the sky and seen a bright white line to the southwest at a 45 degree angle.  The sky was clear of clouds so it wasn't a cloud.   It was long and wide as a pencils lead from where I sat.  I first thought it was the space station, but it was not moving at all.  It was high in the sky.  As high as the clouds would be.   The government should put people around the country to witness and study what is going on.  These U.F.O.s could effect geothermal, etc., etc earth., processes.   One woman said a U.F.O. went over her once and she felt a weird sensation.  Most likely there gravity countering technology.  Who knows maybe ghosts people see are actualy Space Beings.  We don't know.  This summer I think I will stay out nights to see what I can of U.F.O.s. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible contrail??  PD));44.7862;-106.9608
Bright lights over Sheridan evolve into unknown aircraft flying directly above our car;2020-11-13 17:30:00;1 minute;Bright lights over Sheridan evolve into unknown aircraft flying directly above our car We saw three bright lights hovering in the near distance over Wendy's in Sheridan just after it had gotten completely dark outside. We were stopped at a stoplight, watching the craft. At first we thought it was a plane, but it was just hovering - not moving at all. Then, suddenly, it started coming straight for us at a pretty good speed, descending as it went so that by the time it was over our car it was only about a one-story house above us and we got a good look at it for a couple of seconds before it vanished. It looked like a standard hexagon, only squished down so it was flatter. It was dark green in color, with four bright lights on the underside of it. It also seemed metallic. It made absolutely no noise whatsoever, despite how close it was to us. After it passed over the car we saw no trace of it again. No lights, no sound - nothing. It was like it had never been there. We have evidence of this object on our dash cam, all the way up until it was rig! ht over us and we were able to see it clearly.;44.7862;-106.9608
