Floating illuminated nighttime sphere west of Alma, Michigan;2001-10-28 03:00:00;1 hour;Floating illuminated nighttime sphere west of Alma, Michigan 59 year old female medical assistant noticed odd light and woke her 66 year old retired pipefitter husband.  They observed from door windows an orange (fire-colored) sphere, appearing about 3 feet in diameter, floating noiselessly about 4 feet above the ground, approximately 150 feet from their observing location.  The sphere was floating near a water well located behind a building in their property and in front of a wooded area no light sources are installed at that location, and lights from the state highway at the front of the property do not penetrate that area.  The denseness of the woods and the slope of a hill behind the sighting location precludes the possibility of neighbor's lighting sources being the source of this light.  The observers watched the sphere for approximately one hour, as it shifted position within about a 10-foot area, including changes in elevation of about the same range, continuing to make no sound.  After about an hour, the sphere slowly faded into nothing. The observers are both keen observers of weather and surroundings, coming from farm backgrounds and being avid watchers of wildlife in their backyard and adjoining woods.  They both describe the sphere as looking like a full autumn moon, except their was no full moon at the observation time and the sphere clearly illuminated only the surrounding buildings and trees.  Neither observer felt that the light was a flashlight, and found no indications of trespassers after daylight.  Submission of this report by son of observers.;43.381;-84.6639
Sphere in the sky above Alma;2011-01-19 20:50:00;3 Sec;Sphere in the sky above Alma we were driving south on a local road and i looked up from the road and seen the object shoot across the sky. It was about the size of the moon and was lime green in color.  It appeared in the sky at about 45 Deg to the left of us and flew across the sky in a south west direction to about a 45 Deg angle to the right.  It shot across and my wife and i both lost sight in the tree line to our right.  It was the most amazing thing we have ever seen.;43.381;-84.6639
