Single craft, only one bright blue white light that flashed every 2-3 seconds, illuminating entire craft.  Visible until disappeared on;1999-11-14 00:45:00;25 seconds;Single craft, only one bright blue white light that flashed every 2-3 seconds, illuminating entire craft.  Visible until disappeared on horizon Travelling from Cheney to George, Wa, I was awakened by my stepfather (who was driving) at approximately 12:45 a.m.  He said jokingly that there was a UFO outside my window.  A bright blue-white flashing object appeared coming from the west, parallel to the freeway. I estimate it was 2000-4000 above us, moving at barely subsonic speed.  There were no green or red marking lights, only the flashing light.  As it went nearly directly overhead, each time it flashed, I could make out the shape of the craft.  The flash came directly from the center of mass of the object.  The easiest way to describe it is to (no joke) start with a mental picture of the Batman searchlight image, then make the wings a little thinner and angle them back another 20-30 degrees.  There appeared to be a pointed projection where the head would be and it continued towards the rear like half of a pencil thin fuselage might be attached to the integral wings.  Then halfway out, on each side were similar projections, front and rear of the wings and again at the tip.  I think there were 5 in all: one center, two midway, two at tips. The brightness was such that it would be equivalent to several parking lot searchlights combined: several million candlepower!  We joked about it for 30 seconds or so, I looked out the back window, and it flashed brightly until it disappeared below the horizon to the east.  Presumably it was headed for the air force base near Spokane.  There must have been others that noticed it, as there was still quite a bit of traffic on the freeway.  We heard nothing, but at 75 mph, wind noise is significant.  The abscence of normal marker lights was strange. I am a soil scientist.  I read quite a bit and know a little bit about aircraft-not too much.  This did not look quite like the flying wing (B-something or other) that is commonly talked about.  Maybe other descriptions will help you piece this puzzle together.  Hope this helps.  This is my first report, but not first sighting.;47.3247;-117.9897
