Glowing triangles over Kettering, Ohio.;2014-06-08 00:00:00;40 minutes;Glowing triangles over Kettering, Ohio. What appeared to be burning/glowing triangles flew above Kettering tonight for approximately 40 minutes.  I spotted them at midnight.   Heading up from the south they gained speed and altitude before heading west.   At first I thought it was possibly Chinese lanterns, but they were flying in a pattern, some were larger and some were smaller.  They also traveled at different rates of speed.   No sound whatsoever.   Have video.   Strangest thing I have ever seen. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she sounded to us to be quite serious-minded.  She assures us that the report is both sincere, and accurate.  She captured video.  She found video on YouTube from other witnesses, under the title, Strange Lights over Kettering, Ohio.  PD));39.682373714286;-84.1592468571433
I saw a 4 foot triangular craft with a 1-foot diameter bright white light in the center.. The light flashed on and off seven times.;2015-10-10 22:55:00;4 minutes;I saw a 4 foot triangular craft with a 1-foot diameter bright white light in the center.. The light flashed on and off seven times. I was outside at 3:30 pm and the sky did not look promising for that evening.  So I decided not to go out to the Observatory located in John Bryan State Park.  However, I was coming from Church at 6:30 pm and now the sky looked promising for observing.  I went outside at 8:30 pm and the sky was beautiful for observing.  I finished dinner and set up my observing chairs in my driveway. It was now 9 pm.  Something very strange happened at 10 pm.  Something whizzed about 6 feet over my head as I was looking up into the constellation Pegasus. I jumped up out of my chair and said what the hell was that.   I did not get a good look at it.  I ran inside the house  to get the time. It was exactly 10:00 pm. I came back outside and sat down to continue to observe.  After a while as I was looking up at the right hand side of the great square in Pegasus, I saw a very bright flash of pure white light on my right hand side and somewhat over my right shoulder.  I turned my chair to my right and bang I saw another bright flash of pure white light.  The white light came from a source about one foot in diameter and it seemed not very high, perhaps 500 feet above the ground.   The light stayed lit for a period as long as it takes to say Turn on and Turn off. I counted the flashes.  There were seven total and spaced about 30 seconds apart.  After each flash the light moved a short distance.  However, after a total of seven flashes the light seemed to have moved in a deformed circle.  When the light flashed on a fourth time it illuminated the underside of a craft.  The craft was in the form of a triangle and the white light was in the center of the triangle.  Each apex of the triangle wa! s rounded. Each side of the triangle was about 4 feet long.  The color of the craft was a very light brown tan with a tint of yellow. The flashes stopped.  I watched for another couple of minutes.  I ran inside the house.  It was now 10:55 pm as shown on the digital cable clock.  I came back outside and continued observing until about 12:30 am.  I did not see any more flashes or craft. I am a retired PHD physicist who worked first as an officer then as a civilian at WPAFB. I am an amateur astronomer and a member of an astronomical society.;39.682373714286;-84.1592468571433
Pairs of lights. one pair vibrated and chased each other. large structure outlined by star lights moved towards me.;2016-10-30 22:30:00;30 minutes;pairs of lights. one pair vibrated and chased each other.  Large structure outlined by star lights moved towards me. I went outside at 10:30 pm with my observing chair and 7x50s.  It was cloudy in every direction.  I swept around the sky three times.  I saw two white lights south of my position through my 7x50s. These white lights were just sitting there.   Suddenly, these lights began vibrating towards each other.  They would move far apart and then come together. All very quickly.  Back and forth.  Back and forth. Very fast.  I said to myself what the hell is this? This can't be.  These lights were moving very fast. I put down my 7x50s.  I looked up and down the street.  All was normal.  I looked directly at these vibrating lights. This cannot be.  These lights were vibrating very fast.  Then bang all stopped.  These lights sat still next to each other.  Then bang all of a sudden the left light started chasing the right light.  This chase moved in closed elliptical orbits.  These lights were moving so fast the light pattern that was created looked like a ball of string.  This cannot be I said to myself.   Finally both lights came to a stop.  They sat right next to each other. Now the sky started to clear.  This pair of lights started moving together towards my position slowly.  They came to a stop just short of my position.  The sky was now clear. I said this cannot be. The right side of the sky was filled with pairs of white light. There were about 14 pairs of lights. I said this cannot be. I looked up and down my street to see if I was seeing things. All appeared normal. Then on my left side and way! to the south I saw movement and then looked with my 7x50s. I saw what looked like a big structure moving towards me. It looked like a B-2 bomber but outlined with bright stars. There was a bright star at every apex except the nose. Instead there were two bright stars on either side of the nose. This structure moved with its left wing all the way down and its right wing all the way up. I saw right through this structure and thought I could see the background sky. This structure stopped abreast of the pair of lights on my right. This thing was big. It seemed like it was three times the size of a B-2 bomber. At this point I said to myself what the hell is going on? I then saw a light moving frm my right to my left. It was far off. I used my 7x50s. It was a small triangular craft. The craft was about 10 feet on its side and was self illuminated.  Each apex was gently rounded.  The craft appeared light brown to slightly yellow.   There was a white lens or glass circle in the center of the craft.  You could see this white window but it seemed to be lit from the outside.  This craft made no noise and there were no marker lights. I do not  know what lit up this craft.  I watched this craft for several minutes.  It disappeared off to my left.  I returned to look at the light show.  The sky was now completely normal.  I have no idea what I saw especially the vibrating lights and one light chasing the other light.  Many times over I said to myself I am not going to report this sighting.  Then I saw the picture of the lights posted on the NUFORC site dated March 12, 2017, from Tacoma, Washington.  My lights looked just like those lights except for pairing and vibrations and chasing.  Incident lasted about 30 minutes.;39.682373714286;-84.1592468571433
Low flying translucent triangular craft cruises overhead and disappears in front of my eyes.;2017-11-26 21:00:00;00:06;Low flying translucent triangular craft cruises overhead and disappears in front of my eyes. My boyfriend and I were leaving our home to go grab something to eat, and we stopped to talk to our neighbors, who were outside.   As we were talking, I turned to look toward my car and in the sky, about 100 feet about the ground was a triangular shaped craft.  Lights lining the edges.  Almost translucent looking.  No sound, just cruising across the sky.   After a few seconds, it faded out and disappeared over our heads.  My first and only encounter, and boy was it remarkable.   I have no doubt in my mind what I saw.  The neighbors saw it, as well, and my boyfriend watched all three of us react to it because his back was to it.  It was like watching a sci-fi movie.   I’m pretty sure I witnessed an alien craft possibly jumping through portholes or dimensions or something.  I can’t stop thinking about it.;39.682373714286;-84.1592468571433
