Macungie, PA-8 staggered red lights in sky traveling slowly W to S over South Mountain at 9 PM 9/24/16.;2016-09-24 21:00:00;5 minutes;Macungie, PA-8 staggered red lights in sky traveling slowly W to S over South Mountain at 9 PM 9/24/16. I stepped outside to walk my dog and looked SW in the sky in the direction we were to walk.  Over the tree tops were 8 bright red lights traveling reasonably slowly from W to S, seemed to be over South Mountain.  They were staggered in formation, all traveling at the same speed and were maybe 500 feet apart.  They were not planes as that area is not on any flight paths and the lights did not blink.  They were steady red.   I turned and ran into the house to get my camera and ran back out.  I was only in the house for 30 seconds.  Upon returning outside, only the last red light (the most western light) was still lit but it went out as soon as I looked at it.   There are no towers in the direction I was looking so the lights could not be the tops of such.  I continued watching the sky in that direction but nothing was there.  Right after that, the area security guard drove up and I ran to talk to him.  He said he saw them too but from an area where they showed between the trees and he assumed they were tower lights.  But, he agreed with me when we talked and he thought about it that there are no towers in that direction.  The location is Macungie, PA just west and south of Allentown, PA.  South Mountain is about 5-8 miles from here so the lights were that far away.  They were probably 10,000 feet high or about that.   My dog did not react to anything outside.  It struck me that as soon as I spotted them and then when I swung my camera in their direction, they disappeared.  It was almost like they knew I was trying to video them.  These are my first visible UFOs.  Very strange around these parts.;40.5271;-75.5617
2 lights that looked like the engine burn of a very large rocket were seen proceeding south and then south easterly. There was no sound;2020-05-30 21:55:00;3 minutes;2 lights that looked like the engine burn of a very large rocket were seen proceeding south and then south easterly.  There was no sound and they seemed to be operating high in the atmosphere, possible exoatmospheric.  If exoatmospheric, the speed at which these two craft (they were definitely a craft of some sort) we’re moving exceptionally fast.  The first turned East after crossing the eastern portion of PA.  The second, seemed to ascend into either outer space or run out of fuel and became undetectable to the human eye after burning out. These could have been something like an ICBM, but I struggle with the thought of being able to see the orange glow of an ICBMs rocket booster at such a range.  I’ve seen some weird things as a skywatcher, but nothing as inexplicable as this.;40.5271;-75.5617
