Orange ball objects seen near Ft. Worth, Texas twenty three years ago.;1977-06-15 01:00:00;1 minute;Orange ball objects seen near Ft. Worth, Texas twenty three years ago. The date of this even as listed above was never recorded, and even the year 1977 is uncertain.  The witness to this event was driving a station wagon containing his wife and three young children - all of whom were asleep at the time, which was around 1:00 AM.  The vehicle was headed east along IH-20 about mid way between Ft. Worth and Dallas.  After passing some low hills located not far north of the highway the vehicle came to an area which was relatively flat and which perhaps sloped slightly downward from IH-20.  Immediately upon passing the hilly area the driver's attention was called to a location about one mile distant where  a series of lighted orange globes were rising up from the earth - one behind the other - in an arc which brought the string of orange globes to a flight level with the earth at perhaps 1000 feet altitude.  The orange globes were 20 to 30 feet in diameter, around 300 to 400 feet apart, and seemed to be moving at about 30 MPH.  When first seen, there were two globes rising along the arc following five already in single file behind one another.  A new globe arose about every 6 to 7 seconds from the same spot. The area from which the globes were rising seemed to be part of a large wooded residential area, but the witness could not tell what kind of buildings were present because of the trees and the distance.  However, there were no structures evident which were higher than a two storey building. The globes were about the same color as the orange color on a package of Hewlett Packard black ink for printers.  They seemed to be solid and rigid (unlike a balloon), and they were completely round with no appendages, attachments, windows, portholes, or other features.  The orange color was uniform over all the object, and the objects seemed to be lighted as if the surface of each globe had a dim glow.  They DID NOT appear like a balloon with a light source inside.  They appeared to be lighted from within their surface, and NOT as if lighted from outside the globe.  The globes travelled in straight, constant-speed flight - not moving up or down at all. No attempt was made to stop to observe the globes because it seemed dangerous to stop along that segment of IH-20 where there were no houses or businesses, because it was around 1:00 AM, and because the witness was tired from having driven for the previous four hours.  Because there were some major aircraft industries in the Ft. Worth area the witness at first assumed that he was witnessing the testing of some kind of air craft which carried a large light of some type.  But it now seems the orange ball itself was the craft being tested.  But why so many?;32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
Black object sits for a while in the darkness of night between earth and the moon;1995-07-18 23:00:00;not sure it stayed in one;Black object sits for a while in the darkness of night between earth and the moon Well one night me and my cousin where going to camp out in his back yard well as I was waiting for him to come to the back yard I was looking up into the sky. It was a clear night and I could see all the stars well as I started looking at the moon I say this black round object sitting in one position but it looked like it was moving closer to earth, I pointed it out to my cousin but he laughed at me and told me I was seeing thing but going back to this object it was all black it had a tint to it like it wasnt shiny but it wasnt a dull black either and I watched it for about 15 to 20 mins. has this ever been seen before besides me? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
Red Orb flying vertically up into clouds.;2004-08-07 03:45:00;.75 seconds;Red Orb flying vertically up into clouds. Standing outside, during usual routine of looking at stars & moon while smoking, I happened to catch a very quick glimpse of a Glowing, almost Neon Red Orb from the South just below cloud ceiling and moving SouthEast and upward, vanishing once it had peirced high elevation clouds. Total sight duration was 3/4 of a second. The object was extremely quick.;32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
Small intensly strobing multicolor sphere seen over Fort Worth for almost an hour!!!! ((Sirius??));2004-08-12 00:03:00;56 minutes;Small intensly strobing multicolor sphere seen over Fort Worth for almost an hour!!!! We (my fiancee and I) had just read the article in the paper about the meteor showers, so we decided to go out in the backyard to watch the show.  We heard that just after midnight, you could see them all over in the sky. We were looking all over, and waiting, and then at 12:03, something did appear in the West Sky, but it wasn't a meteor. It was a small sphere of fiercly strobing light. It was flashing red, blue, green, and yellow lights at very rapid intervals, and was dancing around a focal point. My fiancee ran inside and got both my parents at 12:08. From there, all four of us were viewing it with binoculars and confirmed that it looked similar to a floating soccerball with different colors of light flashing in a pattern.  We all confirmed the energetic dancing, and the awesome red,blue, green, and yellow super strobe lights.  We all stared at it for 56 min., and at 12:59 it disappeared behind the tree-line.  After almost an hour 4 people could not come up with a ligical explanation for what was being seen. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses may have been looking at the star, Sirius, in the northeast sky.  PD));32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
Stationary small white object in the northern sky, not moving.;2008-02-28 11:30:00;30 mins.;Stationary small white object in the northern sky, not moving. At approximately 11:30 AM. while at work, I looked up into the northern sector of the sky at about the 1:00 or 2:00 position.  Difficult to see was a small sphere like object, white in appearance and resembling a star but rounder edges. Two co-workers also saw the object.  It did not move for a period of at least 30 mins. It was very bright, sunny day, with wispy high clouds that moved fairly rapidly as it was quite windy.  My first thought that is was possibly a weather balloon.  It was difficult to spot, and the fourth person was not able to see it because of the bright sky, though the sun was behind and above us.  I took photos with my cell phone, but strangely there is the pole I used as a marker but instead of the very small object we were looking at there is an oval large bright light.  This happened in two consecutive photos. I was wondering if anyone else has reported anything like this today.  There was a tremendous amount of jet traffic and contrails in that sector of the sky. As far as I have checked there were no unusual celestial events going on either.  I thought I would go ahead and report this since we have had some ufo sightings in this area recently. ((NUFORC Note:  We just spoke with this witness, and we found her to be quite credible.  She had contacted the National Weather Service, and Carlswell AFB, attempting to determine whether they might have launched weather balloons, and they both reported that they had not done so.  We do not know what the witnesses observed.   Also, the witness reported that there was quite a strong wind at ground level, and that the object appeared to the several witnesses to remain motionless for in excess of 30 minutes.  PD));32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
I know the Feds know more than what they're claiming too, I've swatched from the shadows too many years.;2010-04-24 18:20:00;15 minutes;I know the Feds know more than what they're claiming too, I've swatched from the shadows too many years. 	I was a warehouse worker, on the job, at 620 pm, at one of the factories on the Southside of Fort Worth, Texas, during the evening--shortly before sunset. 		I was moving stock up a ramp, in back of the main 2 story office/factory building, when I noticed a sun glint, in the sky, over a neighborhood across the street from the plant. 		The gilt was around 20-30 stories high as I measure the downtown towers, I use to work around high-rise buildings for a number of years. 		Because of their size, I at first mistook them for a C-130 cargo plane, climbing, as UPS and other carriers often fly over from the airport, so I was just about to look away, when I noticed an odd pale glow. I took out my pocket binoculars to look closer and saw two metallic spheres. They had deep groves along the equator, with plated skin like an air craft. They were close together as if they were magnetized – with a white vertical beam of light or gas jet that seemed to balance them – as they made see-saw and wobbling motion from the high wind gust—they seemed weightless. They reminded me of a bubble head doll as they moved north by south wobbling, and this odd white beam remained fixed between them like a balancing rod. They seemed in a hurry and one seemed disabled, with the other, facing south as the tolling craft. I could tell that they were flying directly over the houses across the way on Mcart Street. I soon got concerned about that white beam pointed toward the ground, as I watched the objects move through a cloud, I lost sight of them, and became fearful they might turn my direction. That beam was at least 200 feet downward with 5 feet width or more, as far as I could guess, but I couldn’t tell what kind of energy it was made of – gas or light. I quickly went inside the building. When I got the nerve to come back out, on the street side, I noticed a man walking on that sidewalk unharmed. So I quickly moved to the sidewalk on Mcart – but when I got out where I could see the sky better, the objects were gone. An airbus came from the south direction at the same altitude – so I got to compare its size, using my finger and I determined the two spheres were half as long as the airbus. That meant each had enough room for at least 50 human size passengers. The fact, I didn’t see the spheres anymore – didn’t surprise me, as that wasn’t the first sighting of such objects, in that area and elsewhere about the city. Here’s a spot for more of my background. My interest in UFO has been a on and off affair –since my mother recounted a close encounter at a very young age. She the youngest girl and a uncle the youngest boy of 13, on a farm around 1934 or 5, where they came within ten feet of a glowing sphere. “It was a huge white ball with black lines running from pole to pole and it hummed like a high voltage transformer.”  I asked her how close it was.   She pointed to a wall about ten feet away.   She said, “We had snuck out that night and was about to cross an open field, when this huge ball suddenly lit up in front of us!  We just watched it for a few minutes, then, the older ones grabbed {her & my uncle} and took off down the road…we never saw it again.” That story was verified by her siblings as much as 40 years apart – each time they initiated it. It wasn’t until July 1973 when I had my first sighting. I had just arrived in Texas and was living in Dallas at that time.  I was outside reading a book, on the back lawn, when I notice a squadron of F-16 fly over.  They were moving rapidly west to east -- in formation with 5 or 6 glowing spheres that phased in and out of sight. That incident made me more aware of my surrounding, but it wasn’t until a night in July 1997 that I saw a test flight of a craft that was man made it took off along I-35w near an air strip I know of in Keller, TX. It was long and big about the size of a 727 and that was about 9 pm as I was moving north on I-35.  I saw it lift off from below the trees – it had a faint pale greenish blue glow.	 	It was invisible to anyone beneath a street light or anyone in downtown area. 	I just happen to be in the right spot at the right time, when it climbed to a height directly over the Bass tower in Fort Worth, and it stopped on a dime.  It remained at station keeping for several seconds it began moving in wide circular patterns, so fast, it seemed to be two places at once. 	That went on for almost 30 minutes, then, it returned to its landing strip.  Being a member of a large family, I had relatives in various fields – like the corps of engineers. Sometimes they went to work at the D.U.M.B. where CIA security have to supervise their handling of blueprints stored in a metal scroll like device, so only their area of work is visible. We figured down there is where the craft proto-types are stored and developed. 	Since I worked at this factory location, I’ve been able to spot a number of alien objects and observed the government’s reaction. It was a clear night, on a Friday, in Feb. 2008 I had just arrived for work at 11pm, when I saw a bright object drop in the southeast. I thought it was a meteorite and looked away, I continued walking north along the loading rim of the loading dock. I went up a short flight of stairs, got my clipboard and continued north, passing 3 overhead docks door. I was about to cross the space of 45ft, between buildings, when I glanced to my left, towards a long 1 story building that ran north by south and next to it was the 2 story front office building. I looked and saw that same bright yellow object still in the sky. “That’s no meteorite!”  I said out loud, as I watched the object make a controlled landing not more then a few blocks away from where I stood.   It looked that close.  And it was at least 30ft wide shaped like an egg – but extremely bright like the sun,  I use to work at an airport and seen hundreds of chopper landings in all weather conditions and that thing made a perfect soft vertical landing. I just took off for the front as fast as I could navigate the complex and when I got to Mcart Street – I saw no trace of it. That object was as bright as the sun.  I expected to see a fire on somebody’s roof – it came down right below the roof level of our complex – and it appeared very close. I was expecting a chopper to arrive, one did, a gray one, but it was circling the wrong area.  It did so all night, leaving once to refuel and came back. Days later, I saw one odd looking black chopper fly about the area, in a search pattern, but it didn’t stay long. About 2 week after that, the chemtrails started and so did larger objects appear. I’ve lived and worked in this area 10 years and never seen a chemtrail.   But now, it sprayed as thick as a blanket, until the sky has an eerie look and smell. 	One weekend I noticed a small blimp with an Insurance company logo, fly over this cluster of houses located in an isolated spot where gravel is dump and hauled. 		I was driving stock toward the warehouse headed west as I saw it, the blimp turned toward me.  It came directly overhead, I suddenly got sick.  My pulse started racing and I felt flushed and it lasted until the blimp moved away from me. 		I moved clear of the area and watched with my binoculars as the blimp just kept circling this one cluster of houses for several hours until just before sundown and then it went away headed north. 	I saw it return weeks later, from the north and circle this same group of houses, seemly all afternoon, then, it would leave the way it came.  Inside the blimp I saw one, or two people in the cabin at the flight controls – but no passengers. Shortly after that, maybe a week or more, I saw an airbus moving eastward with a huge thick trail of dark smoke behind it.  I almost thought it was in trouble, because I saw what I took for smoke move away from the cabin, but it wasn’t smoke. 		I was wearing a pair of very dark sun glasses that enabled me to see the object clearly, as it was almost invisible to the naked eye. This object that cut across the path of this airbus was huge – it dwarfed the plane by thousands of feet. It moved toward the ground in a U shape – when it reached the ground it dissipated. 	I looked toward the south of the plane where the sky hadn’t been spray-- and saw this mass of objects move from the upper atmosphere and cross paths with the plane, once again moving toward the ground. I thought they were meteorites. I could see grainy chunks moving in mass toward the ground, with a faint pale yellow green color and dissipate as they reached about 100 feet. After a moment of trying to figure out what I was seeing, I then thought it was a sun flare that had punched through the atmosphere.  But it wasn’t that. I saw another object come down and cross paths with the airbus, and as I advanced closer, I could see chunks of inner mass move in long stringy formations, like a jellyfish tentacles.  	At that point I began to wonder, if I wasn’t seeing something that was alive. Then I realized, all during this incident, the plane hadn’t moved much since I first saw it.  It was still in the same place in the sky. 	That plane was spraying a huge mass of chemicals and I was ready to stay clear of it, so I fled indoors.  	The black opts projects in Texas are in full gear! Since May, 30, 2008.  I’ve stood below test shots of energy beams, 20  to 30 feet wide, shot from a University rooftop at clouds 60 ft above my neighborhood,  I seen metal framed jet powered drones fly overhead. 	I’ve even seen our folk, or them, make a huge Jacob’s ladder or escalator in the clouds for about 55 minutes. 	You could see the moment they turned the switch off, the wind and clouds settled down, as if nothing had happened.;32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
Red ball of light hanging in the sky July 4th 2010;2010-07-04 19:00:00;1 minute;Red ball of light hanging in the sky July 4th 2010 Oct. 3, 2010 Report Filing:   On the evening of July 4, 2010 at dusk, I was traveling north on a rural road west of Fort Worth, TX. Fireworks had begun in the distance however over an unpopulated area, a bright glow was evident.  Note that it was just beginning to be dark and landmarks were visible. The object was North West of my position about 70 degrees above the horizon.  The color was bright red along the color of a road flare.  The size I estimate was close to the size of a van or small moving truck.  The object was round in shape and a constant glow that was very visible.  I do not believe it to be a firework product since no others were seen anywhere or anytime during the 4th. The object was stationary for 30 to 45 seconds and went out instantly.  No smoke was observed in the area of the sighting.  I was shocked to read about this in several publications and decided to file this report.  I cannot identify the origin of the object but I will confess it struck me oddly at the time and to this day.   Please note I am very sincere about this happening since it occurred near a Navy Air Base.;32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
texas;2010-07-05 23:00:00;1-2mins;texas was watching stars, seen glowing orange orb, took picture.;32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
Large sphere UFO passing next to my house, twice the size of a full moon;2011-03-12 20:35:00;5 minutes;large sphere UFO passing next to my house, twice the size of a full moon Date/Time: 2011-03-12 22:35 City:    Fort Worth State:    Texas Shape:    Circle Distance:    One mile or less Entity Type:    None, Unknown Vallee Index:    FB1 Summary: Moon like globe shoots across the sky from left to right  Report: I was sitting by my pool facing the east playing my flute. It was a warm evening with good visablity. While I was playing my flute, all of a sudden I saw in the corner of my eye a bright white light coming in to my view from the southeast part of the sky. I stopped playing and watched as this bright white globe streamed across the sky from  (southeast to north), desending from right to left at about a 40 degree angle towards the ground. It was very close, not far away. I did'nt know what it could be. I really didn't have time to think about it, it happened really fast. It looked like it was just above the greenbelt behind my house. It appeared like the full moon, yet it was at least twice as large as a full moon. Also, the moon was behind me and was only partially lit, maybe a 3rd of the moon was lit. So it definitly wasn't the moon.  It almost seemed like it was just east of the house next to me, maybe a little further, maybe a 100 yards, where there is a green belt that separates our houses from the apartments that are on the top of the hill. As it streamed across the sky, after about 4 or 5 seconds it produced two little white flare like jets of fire, one on the top, and one on the bottom of the globe. The outside part  of the globe then started spinning in a clockwise motion while it was descending, the inside of the globe was stationary. This lasted about 3 or 4 seconds. Then, it fell towards the ground. When it was about to hit the ground I, stood up and screamed &quot Oh My God &quot, as I expected to hear a large explosion. But it went behind the trees and dissappeared with no sound. The whole time of the sighting, there was no sound coming from it. I looked at my watch and it read 10:35 PM CST. I want to repeat that this globe was large and moving slowly at a 40 degree angle downwards. It wasn't the moon, it wasn't an airplane or helicopter. I've never seen a ufo before,and I never expected I would ever see something like this. It's ! the most incredible thing I've ever seen in my life. In regard! s to my feelings, I started thinking about the events that are happening around the world. In Japan, New Zealand, and the volcanoe in Indoensia erupting. I started becoming concerned that this was a sign or a warning. I was worried that more was about to happen, but it didn't.  At least not last night.  These were just my feelings.  The experience was very intense and I still have so many questions.  That's really all I can convey at this time.;32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
Bright object in early morning sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus??  PD))  ((anonymous report));2017-05-25 04:30:00;15-20 minutes;Bright object in early morning sky I woke up at 4:30 am, not sure why, and walked outside and immediately noticed a bright object in the sky.  Super bright, brighter than the moon.  It was stationary.  I filmed it with my phone, and then copied it to my pc, so i could zoom in on it.  Round glowing object.  Have not seen it there since then. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of the report elects to remain anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
I observed and filmed a brilliant bright blue sphere moving in the night sky as I stood outside my house in Ft. Worth, TX.;2018-03-02 21:10:00;76 minutes;I observed and filmed a brilliant bright blue sphere moving in the night sky, as I stood outside my house in Ft. Worth, TX Location:  Fort Worth, TX, 76114   On Friday March 2, 2018 at 21:10, while standing in front of my house in Ft. Worth, Texas, I observed a bright blue sphere in the night sky.  As I looked up at the brightly lit full moon, my eye was immediately drawn to the brilliant blue sphere.  I immediately pulled out my phone and captured a picture, time stamps on phone show the first picture taken at 20:11. At one point I ran inside to retrieve my digital camera.  I was inside for about 3 minutes.  I rushed back outside to continue taking more pictures and video.  I continued to observe the object for approximately 20 minutes.  During this time, I observed the blue sphere moving around in the night sky (screen shot of pics on my phone shows various locations).  My attention was still focused on the round blue object. I went inside and downloaded the images on to my computer to review. After spending time on my computer, I went out to the backyard to take one last look.  To my surprise, the object was still visible in the night sky.  I took another photo at 22:27 of the blue sphere. When I later viewed my pictures and video I saw other objects, what appears to be flying metallic objects. Even though I was standing in the middle of the street taking pictures, as far as I know none of my neighbors saw anything. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the still photos that have been forwarded to our Center by the witness.  The small, blue-green object in those photos seems to us to be strongly reminiscent of lens flares, caused by pointing a camera at a bright source of light.  However, if the witness did, in fact, see the object with her normal vision, the objects are not lens flares, which are caused by reflections off the surfaces of the lens elements in the objective lens of a camera.  PD));32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
2 black spheres hovering over fort worth.  Multiple behind it;2020-09-02 16:30:00;Hour;2 black spheres hovering over fort worth.  Multiple behind it There were 2 black nonmetalic spheres locked in place with each other.  Looking closer at them would reveal multiple objects of the same shape.;32.7445982971981;-97.3399319374293
