Fiery orbs/ spheres seen on two seperate occasions.;2013-08-23 22:09:00;3 minutes;Fiery orbs/ Spheres seen on two seperate occasions August 6th and August 23 sightings reports   On August 6th 2013 at approximately  9:40pm CST I witnessed 8 orange glowing spheres over fly my location and ascend into the clouds.  I was out in my apartment parking lot walking my dog so he could go potty, when I looked to my right, and noticed two Fiery orange spheres floating through the air side by side.  To my right (due south) was a line of pine trees perpendicular to me, and behind that a financial office and doctors office.  Beyond that even further was 53rd street as appears in the map I am sending you.  The objects, as I don’t know what else to call them were about the size of a small car.  They were evenly spaced at 50 feet apart and were directly side  by side.  These objects were to my right moving to my left, from due south on a due north heading and literally flew right over my head. At this hour of the night, there was no prevailing wind of any kind it was still. The cloud ceiling was approximately 500 feet with heavy overcast.  These objects were no more a couple hundred feet high if that.  They literally moved right over top of my at this low altitude, moved no more than 200-300 feet farther to my left before moving straight up in the the cloud base and disappearing. No sooner than this happened, did ANOTHER pair do exactly the same thing. In total, I witnessed four pairs of these objects take exactly the same flight path, in pairs, with exactly the same spacing between them and same altitude, everything.  At this time, the street lights in my apartment went black, and my cell phone SHUT ITSELF OFF.  This is NOT something that has happened before, and unnerved me greatly.  These objects were the size of a small car and were radiating orange light, they were VERY bright, spherical in appearance, and were casting shadows in the parking lot.  It didn’t just unnerve me, it unnerved my dog as well who was whimpering and wanting to go back in the apartment. I did not fill out a report of this initially because I did not think anyone would believe me.  Simply put I thought I was the only one who saw this, and had no pictures because of the odd behavior of my phone and the lights in the lot. The reason I have chosen to write this now is because I saw an identical object again on August 23rd 2013 at exactly 10:09pm CST.  I know the exact time because I was able to get three pictures of the object this time which was alone, and coming from the same direction and general area as last time but veered away from me and up in the clouds at what I estimate was a half mile this time.  When I spotted this object, again out for a walk with my dog, it was approximately 30 degrees off the horizon from me and the size of my thumbnail  with my arm held at arms length.  Again, there was wind this time but the wind was a easterly wind and this object was headed right for me moving north, until it made a turn and headed west, heading directly INTO the wind.  The wind speed was 6-7 mph as I measured it after this sighting with a Kestrel wind meter. I am forwarding you the three photographs I managed to capture of this object as well.   The photos were captured using a Samsung Galaxy S2 Cellular telephone with the flash feature turned off. It is the model 727I phone, with an 8 megapixel camera.  I do not use any other mode than the normal one, or any aftermarket camera apps.  The images I am sending you were displayed in Microsoft office picture viewer and the brightness enhanced and size blown up.  No other edits were made and I can and will send you copies of the originals upon your request in their unaltered form.  I used the railing of my deck to steady my hand in the hopes of getting some decent pictures. These sightings took place in northeastern davenport iowa, near the mt joy airport, which is a small regional airport with minimal traffic and a small national guard rotary wing unit stationed there as well.  No Nat’l Guard traffic was in the air that I know of.  There were other aircraft in the air during both sightings.  Someone else HAD to have seen this..;41.5446345679012;-90.5837160493827
