White object seen pacing my car on Innerstate 70 between Highland and Pokahontas Illinois.;2004-08-08 03:00:00;Between 5 to 10 minutes.;White object seen pacing my car on Innerstate 70 between Highland and Pokahontas Illinois. About two and a half hours ago I was returning from my friends house. We were working on my computer there, so I had to connect it and get online when I got home. That's why it has been two and a half hours ago now.  My friend lives in Wood River, Illinois and I decided to stop for gas in Highland. I took the exit onto Innerstate 70 headed east. I caught sight of this object to my right (south-east) as I reached the speed limit. I rolled down the passenger window to make sure I wasn't seeing a reflection or distortion in the glass. It looked the same.  The object was illuminated in white light although it was somewhat dimmer than the full moon would be. It looked like a round tube standing on it's edge straight up and down. Like the core of a paper towel roll. Except this one had a ring that circled the entire object. Somewhat similar to the rings of Saturn if seen from beneath. The whole object was as big as a penny held at arm's length away and hovered 25 to 30 degrees off of the horizon.  As I drove it seemed to float a little higher and lower in the sky but kept pace. I had my little camera with me so I decided to drive down to the next exit (Pokahontas) and pull off to try to get a picture. If nothing else but to prove something was actually there. I didn't want to stop on the innerstate on a late Saturday night/Sunday morning.  The problem was it slowly started to fade away and by the time I got to the exit it was gone from view.  I had my police scanner with me but no one I heard reported anything. Also I saw plenty of stars around so I don't think it was cloudy.  After some rest I will attempt to send a drawing of what I saw. Hopefully it will be of help. In the meantime think of the towel core on it's edge with Saturns rings around it and that's pretty much it.;38.7631;-89.6789
