triangle passes by in the sky;2003-02-08 02:03:00;2 minuters;triangle passes by in the sky i was spending the night campin in the country near my town, the craft came from the north to south, hovered for a minute, seemed to rotate 360 degrees, and the continued south, it was a trianglular shape and had lights that were red on the tips of the points, they body of it seemed to be dark gray or black, nothing reallly seemed to be happening except for it passing by, no magnetic interference at all;38.7631;-89.6789
I witnessed a triangular shaped air craft with 4 lights flying at low altitude with no noise and at slow stall speeds;2019-10-13 03:30:00;10 minutes;I witnessed a triangular shaped air craft with 4 lights flying at low altitude with no noise and at slow stall speeds I work as a night shift security guard. As I was opening the gates to the parking lots I noticed a bright light in the east. In that general direction there is a hospital with a helicopter pad and I could hear helicopter noise so I assumed it was that. The light seemed very bright so I continued to watch it for a minute or two. At that point the helicopter at the hospital took off and broke the tree line. So I know it was not a helicopter at that point. After the noise drowned off the light continued to just sit in its position and I began walking towards the guard shack to get my phone. As I started to move I could see the one light starting to break in 4 lights. It wasn’t until it was extremely close that I realized it was a shape of a black triangle. With one light at the point, one light in the back middle, and one light left and right from the back middle light in each direction. It was roughly 2000’ off the ground (I used an altitude comparison sheet I! found online because it was very low to make absolutely 0 noise.). It was also going rough 100 mph, I state that liberally because I feel if you could drive a car in a straight line next to it you could easily keep up at 60-70 mph. It had no blinking marker lights to indicate wings or a tail. It did had a singular strobing light underneath that was only visible when it was directly over head. In 2000 there was a black triangle sighting in this town that was chased by three different police departments towards saint Louis, MO before they lost sight of it. There is also an Air Force base within 30 miles from where I worked so I thought maybe it was a plane heading there which might explain the no markers, but I don’t think it would explain the lack of sound and very slow speeds.. it was coming from the east moving west, slightly north away from the Air Force base as it left my sight of view;38.7631;-89.6789
