Saw at least 8 rockets.;2017-04-08 22:00:00;15;saw at least 8 rockets hello, i wanted to report something that concerned me that i saw last night. im not sure if there was any scheduled testing or rocket launches last night for nasa or any agencies but i couldn't find any on the news.  I live in South NJ.   Around 10pm i was in east vineland at a friends farm covering his plants for the frost.  Its open farm fields so the view is good.   after we were done we began walking back to the house when i noticed a strange orange glow in the distant western sky just above the horizon but very far away.  Thought it might of been an distant airliner at first, but there were no blinking lights and the color was odd.  It reminded me of the nasa launch last year from va which i could clearly see from my location as well.  It climbed in altitude very quickly and covered that large distance away and was soon over the southern sky looking up at it at about a 45 degree angle and then was soon way out over the ocean heading in an east south east direction.  You could see the engine flicker and flame out just like the nasa launch when it the stage burned out.  This occurred near the coast.  I thought it was interesting since i hadnt heard of any launches.   But what concerned me was about 5 minutes later we saw another one, came from the same direction and headed the same way,  only it flamed out somewhat sooner over land but was still very high up by that point.   Then about 5 minutes later we saw 3 orange lights glowing way off in the distance same area again and they flew across the sky in the same direction, followed by 2 more not far behind it, then one more then one more that appeared to go up and then looked as if it was slowly coming back down but may have been going west giving that appearance as if it was coming down, by that point we all were like whats going on and went in the house to check the news, i was concerned with all the stuff on the news some war had started or something.   Not sure if its some new jet there flying with rocket engines, or what.  But they were not shooting ! stars or any aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));39.4778827586206;-74.9923827586207
