Object with red, white and blue lights underneath craft flashing in radom order hovered over moutain top for 2 hours.;2011-04-14 17:00:00;2 hours;Object with red, white and blue lights underneath craft flashing in radom order hovered over moutain top for 2 hours. It was above a high mountain top I would say possibly ½ mile.  The shape was hard to see since the light was fading.  It was bright white on the top and blue, red and white lights were flashing under the craft in random.  It slowly moved within the two hours backwards until the mountain obscured it.  My husband also observed the craft.  There was no noise from it but we were miles away.  The spot it hovered was about ½ mile from the Forest Service Tower.  I knew this because I work for the F.S. and knew the exact location of the tower.  As it continued to move I could tell it was moving backwards away from our location at our house over the mountain since it diminished in size.  Again no noise and it was such a clear night and we have a flight pattern over our house and see many planes lights at nights.  It could not have been a helicopter as we heard no noise and we hear so clearly every plane or helicopter in our area very clear. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.3003;-120.5104
Object with red, white and blue lights underneath craft flashing in random order hovered over mountain top observed for 2 minutes.;2012-01-04 18:45:00;2 minutes;Object with red, white and blue lights underneath craft flashing in random order hovered over mountain top observed for 2 minutes. It was above a high mountain top I would say possibly 1/4mile.  The shape was hard to see since it was too far away.  It had red, blue and white lights going off and on underneath the object with a bright light on top.  I looked through my small binoculars and asked my husband to come out to look as I handed him the pair I ran back inside to get my larger binoculars and when we both looked it turned sideways and went black.  I continued to look at the location of where it was last seen with nothing showing up.  It just vanished.  Later at about 15 minutes I noticed to the far right of the where the original location of the object the lights further back again in the valley but slowly fading out of sight.  My husband did observe this sighting also.;40.3003;-120.5104
