Saw a silver disk with white lights move slowly then hover just above treeline and then it disappeared;1976-12-15 19:00:00;10-15 mins;Saw a silver disk with white lights move slowly then hover just above treeline and then it disappeared 1976 UFO?  I was at a birthday party with my friends and we were around 14-15 years old.  It was a cold, clear night in December and, the house was in a neighborhood on a high hill overlooking the valley.  We could see the night sky for miles around. We left the party to walk to another friend’s house to bring her to the party.  As we were walking down the road, we noticed a strange disk that was slowly moving from behind a grove of trees.  It was moving from left to right in a straight line.  It was close and not much higher than the trees and was a silverish gray color.  It seemed to be rotating/spinning with white, rectangular lights around the middle.  It made a very low, soft, humming sound. We just stopped and stared.  Someone asked what was it?  I was mesmerized and couldn’t believe what we were seeing.  I wasn’t scared but, couldn’t figure out what it could be.  The disk then stopped moving and just hovered in place.  It seemed to be still spinning.  Then it started moving from right to left, back towards the trees.  We took another road to the left to get our friend and we paralleled the disk for a few minutes.  Then, it disappeared behind the trees. A few minutes later, I expected to see the disk on the other side of the grove of trees, but it was gone.  We didn’t see or hear it anymore.   We could see stars and the blinking lights of planes but, never saw the disk again.  We went back to the party and no one said anything more about it.  I told my parents and they didn’t know what to make of it.  My friends and I never talked about it again.  I thought it might be a blimp but, years later, I saw a blimp and it didn’t look, act or sound anything like the disk did. I still don’t know what it was but, I’ll never forget it!;41.3885;-73.0791
Saw a silver disk with white lights move slowly then hover just above treeline and then it disappeared.;1976-12-15 19:00:00;10-15 minutes;Saw a silver disk with white lights move slowly then hover just above treeline and then it disappeared. We were teenage girls (14-15 years old) at a friend's birthday party.  We were walking to another friend's house to bring her to the party.  It was a cold, clear night and we were high up on a hill and could see a good portion of the night sky and into the valley below.  As we walked down the road, a silver disk/craft appeared to the right of a grove of trees in front of us.  It wasn't much higher than the trees.  It was slowly moving in a straight line to the right.  It made a quiet, low humming sound and seemed to be rotating with white lights around the middle. We just stopped and stared.  Someone asked what it was.  No one spoke after.  The disk then stopped moving and just hovered there.  I wasn't frightened but, was totally mesmerized by it.  I had never seen anything like it. The disk then began to move to the left at a slow speed and we paralleled it by taking a road to our left.  The disk went behind the grove of trees.  I expected to see it again on the other side but, it was gone.  We could see for miles and saw airplanes, but the disk was no where to be seen. We didn't know what to think.  I told my parents after the party but, they didn't say much about it.  My friends never talked about it again.  I have no idea what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD);41.3885;-73.0791
A saucer that mimicked our plane and helicopter blinking lights.;2002-07-11 22:25:00;10 minutes;A saucer that mimicked our plane and helicopter blinking lights. It hovered low just high enought to see, but the trees got in the way.  It flashed red and blue lights like a plane, but was very quite and unusually slow.  WE followed it the best we could.  It was long and had a dome on the top.  A green light reflected off the dome and what,seemed, like the moon's light reflecting off of the craft.  After following it for ten minutes, it vanished without a trace.  It wasn't a helicopter, because we would have heard the chopping sound.  It wasn't a plane, it was too low and very quiet, like it was scanning the sleeping neighborhood below.;41.3885;-73.0791
