I seen a formation of stars that was very unusual for this time of day. I was on highway about 2 mins from exit, when it disappeared.;2013-05-26 20:40:00;10 minutes;I seem a formation of stars that was very unusual for this time of day.   I was on highway about 2 mins from exit, when I saw it disappear overhead I immediately pulled over off exit ramp 22 south bound/looking up to see of I could make out what was this huge formation.   first I thought it was 1 large object, but when it flew overhead I could see that it was individual lights locked into place.  After I pulled over I thought I lost the object, but to my surprise they come from a completely different direction than I expected.   They broke formation & individually, in a line about 20-25 sec apart. Some were high, the high ones kept the lights on. ( the lights were only to the bottom)  The low flying ones turned lights off while descending to low altitudes.  I'm talking rapid descent from where I was standing down to the tree lines.   About 4 had lights off &. 2-3 were up high with lights on.  They all went in the same general direction.  I wish I knew my position bet! ter to tell you weather north west or east.  I recognized something specific about the bottom of craft that I seen in a documentary on bio.  They were like not legs but 6-8 looking type things near lights that I seen.  This was no where not flares or fireworks.  Amazing. I wasn't scared cause I didn't feel threatened.  I was more fareful for the people that might have had a closer encounter than me.   A driver stopped to assist me, but by the time he came out car, the Last dark object was creaping in the dark.  If I blinked I could have lost it, because it blended in the background. Amazing.  Simply amazing how it floated down & turned lights off.descend.  The higher ones left my sight at a high altitude. I know exactly where I was.  This is my second sighting & I Wonna talk about this 1.  My wife told me take pics, but I could not focus in with my I phone 4s.  So it's only a pic of the sky.  I tried zooming in but to no avail.  There were no beacon light,  No pulsating lights, just a dull orange light color,;41.3885;-73.0791
I seem a formation of stars that was very unusual for this time of day. I was on highway about 2 mins from exit, when I saw it disappea;2013-05-26 20:40:00;10 minutes;I seem a formation of stars that was very unusual for this time of day.  I was on highway about 2 mins from exit, when I saw it disappear overhead I immediately pulled over off exit ramp, looking Up to see of I could make out what was this huge formation.  At first I thought it was 1 large objec, but when it flew overhead I could see that it was individual lights locked into place.  After I pulled over I thought I lost the object l, but to my surprise they come from a completely different direction than I expected.  They broke formation & individually, in a line about 20-25 sec apart.  Some were hig, the high ones kept the lights on. ( the lights were only to the bottom.  The low flying ones turned lights off while descending to low altitudes. I'm talking rapid descent to, from where I was standing down to the tree lines.  About 4 had lights off &. 2-3 were up high with lights on.  They all went in the same general direction.  I wish I knew my position better to tell you weather north west or east.  I recognized something specific about the bottom of craft that I seen in a documentary on bio.  They wer like not legs but 6-8 looking type things near lights that I seen.  This was no where near flares or fireworks.  Amazing.  I wasn't scared cause I didn't feel threatened.  I was more fateful for the people they might have had a closer encounter than me.  A driver stopped to assist me, but b the time he came out car, the Lara one was creating in the dark. If I blinked I could have lost it, because it blended in the background. Amazing. Simply amazing how it floated down & turned lights off th descend.  The higher ones left my sight at a high altitude. I know exactly where I was.  This is my second sighting & I Wonna talk about this 1.   My wife told me take pics, but I could not focus in with my I phone 4s. So it's only a pic of the sky. I tried zooming in but to no avail.  There were no beacon light, No pulsating lights, just a dull orange light color,;41.3885;-73.0791
