A bright greenish object streaked into view moving south and was visible for a few seconds disappeared to the south.;1998-04-22 21:20:00;a few seconds;On April 22, 1998. I was sitting in my front room by a south-facing window a little before 9:30.  I was alone as it was a Wednesday and my wife was with her quilting group.   A bright greenish object streaked into view moving south and was visible for a few seconds until it disappeared over the horizon to the south.  The object had the appearance of re-entering space debris from my location.  The speed was constant and the direction of travel never changed from my vantage point.  I assumed it was a rocket booster or satellite burning up in the atmosphere, as it resembled a re-entering Russian booster I had witnessed some years previous.  I mentioned the object to my wife, and the next day heard reports that it was space junk and dismissed the sighting as such.	   I later attended a talk by Peter Davenport and he asked me to file this report, with the best possible recreation of directions and elevations for his records.  In doing so, I wish to state again that from my perspective, I observed no unusual behavior of the object and I remain somewhat skeptical of claims that these sightings are anything other than events easily explained by familiar events.  At the same time, if I can in any way clarify an event with hard data I am more than willing to contribute.  What follows is the data to the best of my recollection.  Directions and elevations were measured with as Brunton pocket transit, a $200 compass that I used as a geologist. At the time, I was a HS physics/chemistry/astronomy teacher.  Because the location of viewing obstructions in the house is fixed, I feel that the angles and directions are good to within plus or minus 10 degrees.  I wished that I had used the compass that night when all was fresh in my memory, but I feel good about the numbers that follow. Apparent direction:  due south. Bearing when first seen:  145 degrees true. Elevation when first seen:  30 degrees  Bearing when last seen: 180 degrees true. Elevation when last seen:  0 degrees (at horizon) . Speed seemed slower than a meteor and there was a width to the trail.  It was not just a narrow streak.  I stepped outside and listened for a few minutes afterwards and no sound was heard. Hope this is of some help in piecing together this story.  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness, and confirm that his credentials, as described above, are correct.  We consider the witness to be exceptionally credible.  Please see other reports about this event, which was quite dramatic.  PD));48.5445;-123.0954
