Two light orbs spotted making irregular movements.;2011-12-20 17:30:00;approx 20 min;Two light orbs spotted making irregular movements. My husband had stepped out side of our rental to get something from the truck when he looked up and saw an abnormal set of lights in the sky.  He called me to the front porch and I instantly saw the two orbs.  (The orbs were far up in the sky probably about the same height that a plane would fly)  They seemed to be doing figure eights in the sky, they would move up then all of a sudden move to the left making sharp right angle turns. All of the activity happened in one small area of the sky for about 5 minutes then the orb on the left shot off and out of sight. The other stayed in the sky about 15 minutes maybe longer, at that point it became too eerie and we went inside. I later stuck my head outside probably about 7 p.m., and didn't see anything more. Both my husband and I work as healthcare professionals and this was our first sighting.;48.5445;-123.0954
Object admitted light only.  ((NUFORC Note:  The ISS was not visible at this time.  PD));2012-06-05 21:30:00;3 minute;Object admitted light only I witnessed a bright star like object moving eastward across the early evening sky.  At first I thought it to be the IST but this light did not dim at all.  In fact as it moved silently eastward it blinked like turning a light on and off. I live in the San Juan Islands,WA. and I never thought that I would see a UFO up here.   I wasn't the only person to witness this.;48.5445;-123.0954
At 21:30 hrs. on 12/23/12 I saw two red stationary lights in the night sky over Friday Harbor, San Juan Island, Washington State. It wa;2012-12-23 21:30:00;10 seconds;At 21:30 hrs. on 12/23/12 I saw two red stationary lights in the night sky over Friday Harbor,  San Juan Island, Washington State.  It was an overcast night with a light drizzle yet the objects were clearly visible.  One light appeared larger and brighter and had a faint trail of light protruding from it.  The objects emitted no sound.   I observed them for approximately ten sconds and they did not move, so I went to get my camera but when I returned they were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.5445;-123.0954
Three orange UFOs sighted over Friday Harbor WA, San Juan Island, Thursday, Jan 15, 2015.;2015-01-15 18:30:00;2 minutes;Three orange UFOs sighted over Friday Harbor WA, San Juan Island, Thursday, Jan 15, 2015. On Thursday evening, 1/15/15, my wife and I were driving north on Mullis Street, even with the adjacent airport north end (runway 16) less than ¼ mile from Spring Street,  which is the main street of the town of Friday Harbor, Washington, on San Juan Island, USA. It was dark, 18:30, when we saw three separate bright orange lights flying over the town descending from the north east in the direction of the airport.  My first impression was three aircraft on a very low approach to land at the Friday Harbor Airport. I stopped our car so we could watch, since the lights were starting to bob up and down.  I said they had to be helicopters.  But then they almost appeared to be going down  behind the buildings in town. They stopped getting closer and suddenly started climbing at a very high speed headed back northwest.  They grew dimmer, and one at a time, blinked out and were gone. The whole duration of this sighting was about two minutes.  I kept trying to find an explanation for what we were seeing.  I wish I had immediately reached for my I-phone to get a video.  I knew they were unconventional aircraft since they didn’t have red and green navigation lights.  Then the erratic flight and changing speed ruled out any aircraft I have ever seen. My wife and I are both private pilots and have flown into the Friday Harbor airport hundreds of times.;48.5445;-123.0954
My incident occurred this morning, Monday, February 19, 2018 roughly between the time of 5:45 am-6 am.  I live in Friday Harbor, WA on;2018-02-19 05:45:00;Seconds;My incident occurred this morning, Monday, February 19, 2018 roughly between the time of 5:45 am-6 am.  I live in Friday Harbor, WA on San Juan Island, north Puget Sound. Strong winds had blown all night long making the early morning sky clear and dark, with the early morning stars and planets extra visible and a few of the larger ones were tinted orange-ish in color. I was driving into town on my way to the gym.  With mornings like these, I love looking up at the sky.  Because it’s so early in the morning there are no other cars around me.  Town is empty.  I always try to look up at the sky anyway because when I was about 16 years old, (roughly 1992) my father and I experienced a real UFO sighting together out in Palm Desert.  That one was a major experience with an actual craft that moved like a shooting star after hovering in place for about an hour.  My point is – because I look at the sky a lot, I’ve seen a lot of anomalies that I felt could have some explanation, and none of which were remotely similar as to what I saw that night out in the desert with my dad -- until this morning. I was driving slowly down Second Street, as I mentioned, looking straight ahead and up towards the clear black sky.  Suddenly, right in front of me was this very, very white light that flashed in front of me and my initial response was that it was a shooting star.  But there were two things that went with this that made me second guess the whole shooting star thing. First, the way it moved.  I didn’t see where it came from but that it entered my field of vision from the right moving towards the left.  And it moved just like a shooting star but into a upside down ‘U’ shape and just vanished ---not vanished from my field of vision like behind a tree or behind hills or a building--vanished.  Disappeared.  As if there were a tiny little pocket waiting for it and it dove into that.  There was a trail of light and then there wasn’t. The second thing is that if it were a shooting star, it was way too close to the earth.  We have small, single engine, prop personal planes, puddle jumpers and sea planes coming in and out of our tiny airport here.  It was a similar distance to one of those little planes about to land.  Like most islanders, I’m very familiar with these planes being around and what they look like when they are landing or taking off. This thing I saw moved and looked like a shooting star but was very close to the earth and moved in an arch shape before disappearing into a seeming pocket in the sky.  A white light, no pulsating and no other lights, no other colors of light. I’m open to explanations! I would love to know your opinion on the matter.  Sorry I don't have a photo, it happened too fast. Thank you!;48.5445;-123.0954
