Flying object 3 lights red green and blue.;2015-10-15 19:00:00;10 minutes;Flying object 3 lights red green and blue. October 15th 7:03 PM driving west towards Edson, saw an air plane get a little too close to me, so I immediately pulled over.. Near the rest stop looked up and this airplane had 3 lights that would flash from red, to blue than green the shape was different and when it jerked side to side I almost ((deleted--panicked)) realizing it cud be a UFO i grabbed my cell phone!   I needed to get a photo only for my phone to say sorry not enough storage for photoso in a panic deleting photos as this thing is right in front of me I am tryin to calm myself saying okay UFO's have white laser beams! and look like flying tea cup saucers! this isn't what a ufo wud be, again tried taking pic still not enough storage I'm still deleting and my phone flashes 10% battery...I gave up and just watched it this aircraft was so different it made No Noise! yet it was right in front of me, I even turned my car off to try and listen for anything and nothing the body was small and round with two wings that went out and curled forwards almost like a Jedi space ship .. the movements were very abrupt from left to right than it wud sit still in mid air it left east and came back 2 mins later where it hovered above north of me on roseveer road turn off than shot straight down I waited 3 hrs for it to come back up so I cud get it on video and no luck so I left ..  I'm hoping the other drivers behind me that pulled over too got any footage? pics or vids pls post!  to anyone reading this? always! try and have your cameras and cell phones fully charged and ready for anything cuz u just never know....;53.5822;-116.4416
Large flash of light the looked like Saturn.;2015-10-29 21:00:00;2 seconds;Large flash of light the looked like saturn. Was looking into the sky while driving on the highway and then all of a sudden this light appeared.  It looked like the planet Saturn. (A large ball with a ring around it)   My boyfriend saw it too.  It was not there very long.  Craziest thing I have ever seen.   I could not believe it looked.   The moon was big and bright and this flash ( which was not far from the big dipper) was twice the size of the moon. (which was full the previous day) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));53.5822;-116.4416
