Silent flaming yellow-green object;2001-07-13 23:00:00;10 seconds;Silent flaming yellow-green object Last night, July 11,2001, I was sitting in my chair by my patio door watching the news come on when I saw a VERY BRIGHT object go from NW to SE almost directly above (Not along the horizon.)  It looked like a ball with a tail but the tail was as bright as the ball and flamed behind.   It was the brightest color I have ever seen and was a yellow yellow-green color but had a flourescent look to it. If you hold out your arm with the back of your hand to you,  that would be it's size. (the back of your hand and wrist)  It made no sound, but I felt funny inside as it flew over, hard to describe that.  I got out of my chair quickly and went outside but it was already out of view behind trees.  It was awsome. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness states date of July 11, but enters date of July 13.  We do not know which is the correct date of the event, but will attempt to confirm it.  PD));42.4953;-122.8052
Streaking blue light appeared like a crashing object near Table Rock Plateau.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible meteor.  PD));2016-08-11 23:00:00;3 seconds;Streaking blue light appeared like a crashing object near Table Rock Plateau.  I was returning from the Chevron station on Central Point Hwy to my home in Eagle Point on Agate Rd.  I turned left onto Hwy 234 and just before crossing Dodge Bridge over the Rogue River, I saw a large blue streak of light on a fast downward path.  It appeared like a fireball or meteor, but was not high in the sky to seem to be piercing the atmosphere, but rather a crashing craft.  The blue light streak was wide like a comet tail with what appeared to be pieces of debris in its path. The direction of the downward path was from right to left and appeared like a craft could have been crashing near Table Rock.   I drove to Rainey's Market and the gas station at the corner to see if anyone else had seen the flash of light.  The store manager was just closing, and had only seen 2 police vehicles that had driven past in less than 5 minutes.  While talking to him, 2 more sheriff cars drove past us towards Table Rock road, and I followed them to see if they were going to the scene of a crash. They appeared to be on their regular route though, and weren't driving in a hurry.  No lights or sirens. I drove around Table Rock, looking for any signs of unusual activity or fire in the area from a crash site and didn't see anything else.   I returned home to listen to the local scanner, and haven't heard anything out of the ordinary either. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he agreed that there is a strong possibility that the object was a meteor, possibly a meteor from the Perseid Meteor shower.  PD));42.4953;-122.8052
