Family encounters with glowing objects, spanning 50 yrs., for three members.;1973-04-01 00:00:00;15 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date of first event may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  We do not understand why the National Security Agency would be interested in a UFO sighting, since it would have been an agency interested in domestic events that would have pursued the event, we believe.  PD) Family encounters with glowing objects, spanning 50 yrs., for three members. I preface by saying events filled the lives of my family, in the early 1970's, leading to my being contacted by NSA. One evening, I heard a flying device in my living room, which decended, after the wall became physically transparent to it. It appeared to me, a basketball-sized sphere. It flew off at a 45* angle, retreating up and away. I could hear it whooshing, all the while. My bus. partner was in the next room. I began having dreams of floating up, from my yard, into a craft. I will never tell what transpired, in the dream, as I entered the craft, in order to prevent copy-cat stories. I heard from my sister, she knew of what I spoke. So, I am not alone. My business partner and I began having esp, and I dreamt future events. I told him of my dreams. One night, we were driving in the piney woods area of east TX. After midnight, and all alone, a hugh, very large object, glowing red, appeared as we crested a hill. It was up ahead, on the right, over a field. It flew down, as if landing, across our road, but instead, circled us. It repeated the manuever. Something was talking in my head. I said, They want me to turn left, just up there! No road was visible, and my partner questioned how I knew. I said, they are telling me, it is right up there. Sure enough. And my partner said, You have never been here, before. How did you know! So, I turned onto the small road, and came to a stop, and said, They are telling me that if I am not prepared for this, I am free to leave. They offer me that choice. He said, Go! Let's see them! I began to shake, being only 18 yr. old. I said No. I'm not ready for this!!! I turned around, away from the craft, which was on the ground, up ahead, in a field. I drove off. My partner was very upset with me. I was young, and too naive. If only, I had more maturity. I have since regretted that choice, beyond words. Two others in my family had similar experiences. One had an object beam him, with a light that grew, forward. They had lost time, and a car that had all the wires charred, leaving them stranded. My sister got cancer of her chest. Their watches never worked again. The word got out, and when I was in the Navy, two years later, I was taken to D.C., and questioned by NSA, while I was in the back of a car. I told them our experiences. There were two men. Even after I left the military, one of them came to my home, and asked me to move, to a city near my sister, 400 miles away. I declined. I believe now, they wanted to conduct research, of some sort. Years passed, life was not easy, because of health. Then, on May 14, 1998, five objects literally materialized. I was prompted to go outside, I carried my cat, with me. I looked up, and they were stoboscopic, decending at a soft angle, and then the strobe stopped. They glowed blue-white. They were maybe 150 ft.,up. They assumed a chevron, with one extra object(ship?), on the right. They then turned, in formation, pointing to where we first encountered, years before. Then they flew there, at a fast speed, and disappeared, over the horizon. I  felt they said, Not to forget you. I should have returned to our first meeting place, but did not, because that was not overtly sensed. Perhaps I was not receptive, and maybe they had, indeed, returned. I'll never know. I have lived a difficult life, and just wanted someone to know. BTW, my wife used to be awakened by my crying out in my sleep, about them touching me. My marriage was short lived. She did not accept the existance of life elsewhere. What she, or others reject, is irrelevant to what I know. Thank you for allowing me to at least write about this.;31.3177652542373;-94.7502186440677
