This craft was not from this Earth.;1975-08-15 20:00:00;2-5 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date of event is approximate.  We have created an artificial date so that the case sorts to the year 1975.  PD)) This craft was not from this Earth. About six years after discharge from military service,around 1974, and having ridden on many helicopters, my wife & child and I were heading home from my parents house shortly after dark.  A distance of about 4 miles of country road.  We saw what appeared to be a chinook type helicopter hovering about 3-400 feet over a swampy area about 1-200 yards off the road.  An area I was quiet familiar with from hunting game in many times since my grandparents farm bordered this area on the North.  I remarked to my wife that this was indeed strange to see this sight and couldn't imagine what it could possibly be doing hovering there.  We got up opposite the craft on the highway, a somewhat remote country road and came to a halt.  We could clearly see what appeared to be rows of window lights and some colored lights like aircraft normally have at night (red etc).  I shut off the engine and lights and asked my wife to lower the window.  She complied and then the hair stood up on my neck because there was absolutely NO noise from this hovering craft 200 yards away.  I was shocked.  My military familiariety with helicopters told me that what we were seeing was definately real, and not a helicopter.  We were scared at what the craft might be, thinking UFO all the time.  I started the truck, peeled out, all the time my wife keept an eye on the craft.  We were only about 1/2 mile from our house and had a clear view even as we got out and into the house. I looked out of the East window of the kitchen, still viewing the craft and  I immediately called my parents who would be in direct line if the craft moved Easterly which it began doing. My parents ran outside of their house to see it but saw nothing.  It moved slowly Easterly for a few seconds then disappeared and was not seen again. We were all shaken by the event, and I to this day.  My mother related a story of a UFO sighting in that same general area that occurred when she was younger and living on the farm adjacent to our actual sighting.  The cows on my grandfathe! rs farm were frightened out of their wits by a craft seen by my grandfather when he went to the pasture to get them for milking.  Normally they would be at the barn on their own wanting to get milked but this day were scattered and bellering like crazy.  Grandfather never wanted to talk too much about what he saw that day except to say it was one of those UFO's.  Coincidence, anybody's guess.;43.2398;-78.2068
