I observed a very bright white light in the sky, approx. 3-4 miles away.  It didn't appear to be moving.  As I drove towards it, the li;2000-01-11 02:00:00;10 minutes;I observed a very bright white light in the sky, approx. 3-4 miles away.  It didn't appear to be moving.  As I drove towards it, the light got dim and it started moving very quickly and as it passed over I saw it was a triangle shape (but the sides were concave not straight). I was leaving work very late.  I was driving west on Roosevelt Road from 25th street in Westchester.  It was a cold, clear night.  The stars were easily visible.  As I drove, I noticed a very bright light in the sky (almost exactly south southwest).  It was high enough in the sky that, at first, I thought it was a star.  But as I watched, I realized that it was really bright, which is why it caught my eye in the first place.  So bright, that when I looked away, I had blue circles in my vision.  At this point I realized that it couldn't be a star, so it must be a plane.  I continued heading in its general direction.  It appeared to be about 3 miles away or so.  I judged that it must have been over the next town, Oak Brook.  As I approached Wolf Road, the light suddenly dimmed and, for the first time, it appeared to move in my direction.  I turned south on Wolf Road because its direction seemed that it would pass over just a few blocks south of my position.  At this point, I really just wanted to see what kind of plane it was since I have never seen a headlight that bright before.  The roads were very empty that morning, so I drove very slowly with my head hanging out the window watching it approach.  I stopped directly under it as it went over.  It appeared to be triangular, except that the sides were sloped inward.  It didn't seem to be more than a few hundred feet in the air.  And it wasn't until later that I realized I never heard any noise, not even as it passed directly over me.  I didn't notice any lights on the bottom of it, but, after it passed over, I did see a blinking light on top, which appeared to be the same kind of beacon all airplanes have, with a few other red lights near the front portion on top.  It was heading directly northeast.  I realized after it passed over that I forgot to look at the front where I had seen the bright light earlier.  So, I decided to follow it.  I turned east on a side street.  I watched as it moved away, so slowly that it appeared to be floating.  I decided to! turn no rth so I could get back to Roosevelt Road and continue the chase.  I lost sight of it due to trees and houses for the two blocks ride.  When I came back out on Roosevelt Road, maybe 20 seconds later, it was gone.  I stopped my car and searched the entire sky, but it was nowhere to be seen.  I had my cell phone in my hand the entire time, but I was so distracted that I never made a call to anyone who could have witnessed it too.  So, I went home.  I didn't think that much about it until a few days later when I heard a local television station news break teaser.  It was something like, are there UFO's in the night skies over Illinois?  But, I forgot to watch the news that night, so I didn't see the story.  I decided over the weekend to search the internet for the story.  That is how I came across this web site and read about some other sightings almost identical to mine.  So, I decided to report it.;41.8508;-87.8791000000001
