6/19/2013  Shippensburg  PA,  Light 5 mintues   Bright light dims in and out with vast amount of planes in area.;2010-06-19 09:00:00;5 minutes;6/19/2013  Shippensburg  PA,  Light 5 mintues   Bright light dims in and out with vast amount of planes in area We were sitting on the 3rd story balcony and was looking over the park and notice a dim white light hovering about 2 miles up.  turned to tell the person sitting next to me. we both looked back to notice that the light has grown in size of a street light.. the object moved in various directions but seemed to stay with in an small area.  them all of a sudden the object start to move up.  it did this more about a minute to dim back down to the size i first seen it in, kept moving up and seen what looked like 2 planes shooting out from the left and right of the object.  the object slowly disappeared..we were scanning the sky for it. but right before we went back inside we seen what had to been and least 20-30 planes in the sky and all where moving in a different direction as if they were looking for something..these planes were way above the 30'000ft mark. there is a very big Arms Depot that holds Nuclear war heads sorry im just now mentioning this but i just had another experience tonight that reminded me of it( i did report tonights sighting and in different state. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.0537;-77.5216
Extremely bright white ball of light moving above tree tops less than 1/4 mile away. Made sudden movement. Disappeared and came back.;2021-08-13 20:15:00;15 seconds;Extremely bright white ball of light moving above tree tops less than 1/4 mile away. Made sudden movement. Disappeared and came back. A little after 8pm I was sitting out back smoking a cigarette when a bright light caught my eye. It was directly due south, just above the tree tops. Approximately 1/4 mile away with a great line of sight and perfect view. I could clearly see an incredibly bright white light cascading down into the tree line. It was shaped like a round ball. If I had to estimate it’s size I’d guess roughly 2+ft in diameter judging by the birds that flew in the same spot directly after the incident. It was moving relatively slowly and when it hit the tree line I could no longer see the light. It seemed like the light simply went out. I would say it traveled at roughly a 45 degree angle.  It’s hard for me to estimate how high it first started above the trees. Maybe 100 feet? My first thought was meteor due to its brightness. But because of the proximity I knew that didn’t make any sense. I would akin the brightness to a professionally lit baseball stadium light. I don’t even really know how to describe it. I was dumbfounded.  But I was even more shocked when maybe a minute or so later the light came back. It was back at the general area where I had first seen it (unless this was a second separate light?). Roughly 100-150ft above the trees (?) But this time as it descended it suddenly moved up in the air.  It sort of puffed/floated up maybe 50-75+ feet then descending down into the tree line where it was no longer visible again.  I can’t for the life of me think what could emit such a bright light. I hope someone can give me feedback because that will drive me crazy for a while. There was little to no wind. Extremely hot and humid day.;40.0537;-77.5216
