Around the evening of January 2nd, 2008 I was driving home from my girlfriend's house in the countryside surrounding Shippensburg Penns;2008-01-02 23:00:00;4 minutes;Around the evening of January 2nd, 2008 I was driving home from my girlfriend's house in the countryside surrounding Shippensburg Pennsylvania.  I noticed an aircraft in the  distance around 10-20 miles away.  At first it did not seem out of the ordinary but I noticed that the craft began to move in ways that no human aircraft that I know of could move. It would hover over an area but then it would move instantly in another direction. It seemed that it could move in any direction and  be able to stop instantly. I am not an aviation expert but I do not believe that any human aircrafts could have been able to move like this one did. I was alone on a country road and I pulled my car over and stared at the object for several minutes. It moved throughout the valley in the way I described before it suddenly zipped far away out of site. At the time I did not know how to react to what I saw, but around 6 months later I was talking to  friend when he told me that he had seen an object while driving on the Pennsylvania turnpike that same night. By the way he described the object I could tell he saw the same object. Also he told me that the traffic on the turnpike nearly came to a complete stop as all of the drivers were looking at the object. I would not be surprised if other people reported seeing this object as well.  I do know that Letterkenny army base, which has been used as a testing zone for covert military activities was within 20 miles of where I was when I saw the object. The object appeared to be triangular in shape, but I did not get a very good look at the object since it was off in the distance. What stood out for me was the irregular way in which the object moved, I have never in my life seen an aircraft move in that way. I consider myself a rational person and I don't consider myself a believer of alien visitors or abductions. I do know however that on that evening I saw something that I cannot explain, I hope that this report can help us piece together the puzzle and someday be able ! to figur e out exactly what the UFO phenomenon is. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.0537;-77.5216
