Stationary rectangle of light below the clouds unnerves me.;2010-04-02 03:00:00;i don't know;Stationary rectangle of light below the clouds unnerves me. I almost forgot this except that I told my brother right after it happened.  And then a few nights ago, I was talking to the same brother and I remembered and we talked about it again. My dog wanted to go outside about 3 am (time is approximate).  I decided to go out the back door this time.  I waited on the back porch for her and looked up into the south sky.  I seen a longish rectangle of light in the sky.  It wasn't a strong light. It was a stationery light and it did not come from the ground.  It was below the clouds and that is what kind of scared me, too close for a light that I can't tell where it's from.  I didn't stay out very long, about one minute, and then I made my dog come in the house after she did her business. I don't know how long the light was there.  The moon was in the west so it was not the moon. I reported the green meteor I seen on April 6, 2010.  I reported the wrong direction, it was in the north, slightly north eastern sky. It was going east to west.;42.5921;-82.387
I guess I just seen a green meteor, no big deal!;2010-04-06 22:13:00;4 to 6 seconds;I guess I just seen a green meteor, no big deal! It is night time.  I was just outside with my dog and happened to glance into the north-north east sky.  I seen what looked like a falling star, only it lasted longer than a normal falling star.  It gave me time to think Wow, when is this falling star going to go out?  Then ,the star turned into a larger, green light with red light around it.  Not a constructed light but like when it hit a certain part of the atmosphere, the object ignited or reacted. The object came in at an angle, like if you were on the clock and drew a straight line from the number two to the 8 approximately.  It went out (no lights) way lower in the sky but still above the ground.  I just looked it up on the internet and I guess it was a falling star or a meteor.  But it was very beautiful!;42.5921;-82.387
