I looked up, at about a 165 degree angle, and spotted what appeared to be a silent white radiant elongated diamond shaped object, it wa;1999-08-07 10:35:00;22 minutes;I looked up, at about a 165 degree angle, and spotted what appeared to be a silent white radiant elongated diamond shaped object, it was the size of a number two eraser held at arms length, it looked to be two to three miles away and was slowly coming down.  It was flashing ON and OFF at 4 times a second and was twice as bright as the sun. On August 7, 1999 between approximately 10:35 AM to 10:55 AM (PST) I was sitting down outside for awhile in my front yard facing to the North, when something caught my attention in the corner of my eye.  I looked up, at about a 165 degree angle, and spotted what appeared to be a silent white radiant elongated diamond shaped object, it was the size of a number two eraser held at arms length, it looked to be two to three miles away and was slowly coming down.  It was flashing ON and OFF at 4 times a second and was twice as bright as the sun.  At first I thought it was a piece of aluminum paper, so I watched it because it being as twice as bright as the sun. I continued observing, for it was slowly come down towards me, while it was flashing ON and OFF.  When the object dropped behind the house across the street from me.  I thought if it was a piece of aluminum paper that that would be it, but it was not so.  Because now this object appeared to the right of the house across the street, to me this object appeared to be two or three blocks away.  The object continued moving slowly to the right and up, until it was an inch above the house next door.  At that point, the object stopped and stayed stationary for about one or two minutes, still flashing ON and OFF.  The object then started to move up and to the left away from me, just as slowly as it came down, all the while flashing ON and OFF.  At this point I knew now that this object was not a piece of aluminum paper, but a vehicle of some type.  The object continued to go up higher and higher into the sky, until it was two or three miles away.  It then stopped and stayed stationary, all the while continuing to flash ON and OFF.  A minute or two later I then saw a jetliner coming from the right towards object and when the jetliner came to within the distance of my fist, held at arms length, the object stopped flashing and the light went out.  When the jetliner pass the object, the distance of my fist held at arms length, the object began ! flashing again ON and OFF, again 4 times a second.  A minute or so later another jetliner came from the left towards the object and when the jet later came to within the distance of my fist, held at arms length, the object stopped flashing and the light went out.  When the jetliner passed the object, the distance of my fist held at arms length, the object began flashing again ON and OFF, again 4 times a second.  The object then continued up and away from me till I no longer could see it.  Total viewing time was about 22 minutes.  The skis were clear and no visible winds.  I live in Westminaster, California and live seven miles away from MacArthur airport and see airport traffic almost every day for the last fourteen years.  I was enlisted in the United State Air Force for five years, stationed on five different bases including one base over seas, been to several air shows and familiar with all kinds of aircraft.;33.7518;-117.993200000001
