Three lights hoovering near Gonzales, CA;2006-10-13 06:40:00;Unknown;Three lights hoovering near Gonzales, CA My sister was going to work early in the morning, traveling north on highway 101.  She saw three bright balls of light floating on the sky.  She said that these lights were lined up in a horizontal line.  The ball of light in the middle had a blue-ish color to it, and the other two right next to it were lit up white in color.  My sister thought it was probably a set of flares because they had a bit of a streak/trail right behind in the lights.  Strange thing was that my sister said that these lights started hoovering lower and lower to ground, to the point where it was about even to the height of a roof of a single story house.  After this, she said that these lights started rotating from a lined up horizontal pattern, to a three-point triangular pattern.  She said that if you were to connect the dots between these three lights, that you'd connect a triangle.  After she arrived at work, her co-worker had arrived just shortly.  Since her co-worker lives around where we live, my sister had asked her if she had seen anything strange on the way to work.  Her co-worker said that she had only seen a horrible car accident nearby a 76 gas station.  This was the same location where my sister had also seen these strange lights.  We thought that maybe this unfortunate person had seen these strange lights as he/she drove, and was not paying attention to the road.  I used to fuel up aircraft at a local airport, and I've seen helicopters, jets, big planes, small planes.  I thought that maybe my sister had seen a helicopter or something, so I asked her to describe it for me.  She didnt mention anything like blinking lights, spotlights, noise, dust picking up or anything like that.  Who knows what it was, maybe it was something that is totally explainable.  It was dark, so she couldnt make out anything that was behind this lights.  If anyone out there saw something at this location, let me know. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));36.4891;-121.406
