Slow-moving bright lights in V shape seen from Corbett, Oregon;2006-07-25 03:45:00;5-10 min.;Slow-moving bright lights in V shape seen from Corbett, Oregon The event occured sometime between 3:45 am and 4:10 am on Tuesday Jluy 25th, 2006, witnessed from Corbett, Oregon. I was laying in a field looking at the stars when I noticed what at first seemed a very bright V-shaped grouping of stars. The lights were bright, well defined and clear like LED lights, with the point of the V being the brightest. I realized that this cluster of lights was moving very slowly. I don't recall seeing a definitive shape other than the lights, so that is why I say it could have been between 1 and 7 objects. But the lights did move exactly together, so they seemed attached to a body. Like a flashlight in the distance, I noticed one of the side lights seemed to be searching, by its growing duller and brighter. But, as I was laying on my back looking up to the sky, I didn't notice the ground being illuminated and there was no definite beam in the sky. Then it grew extremely bright, and it seemed now pointed directly at me, though I am not sure this is the case. Then the light started flashing at me or in general, in steady strobe pulses. But I can't say that I, or the ground around me were illuminated. Time is somewhat illusive to me during this, but I don't think I watched the light flash at me any longer than a minute before I got up, frightened at this point, and left. I have no idea how long the lights stayed, I didn't go back to look. They were definitely moving very slowly and I think there were seven lights total. I am usually pretty cautious about stories such as this, and only twelve hours later the event seemed too surreal to be true. But I was absolutely awake and aware, during the event, that it was really happening. But I am wondering if anyone else saw this? Hopefully someone did.;45.5221;-122.2417
3 red blinking lights moving across the sky.;2018-06-27 21:55:00;3 minutes;3 red blinking lights moving across the sky I went outside to take out the trash and as I turned around to go back inside I looked up to the Eastern skyline and noticed 3 intense red lights perfectly lined up in a row at the northern edge of the eastern horizon. The 3 lights were very intense but small like pinpoints.  The center light would blink and fade out and as it would fade out the two outer lights would blink in response.  As it blinked in this back,and forth pattern, it moved south (from right to left) across the horizon, dropping in elevation slightly. Once it reached the southern edge it got closer to the treeline and the object began to shimmer slightly.  It reminded me of the way that it looks when you look off into the distance on a really hot day and see the heat radiating from the ground distorting things and creating a mirage. When this shimmering happened, you could see the outline of what appeared to be a disc like aircraft.  It makes me think that it was using a cloaking device that failed to work properly as it got too close to the trees. We are in a rural area that is dead quiet at night, and this object produced absolutely no sound.  In addition, the lights were not spaced close together like that of a plane, but were much farther apart.  If you were to hold your hand out at arm's length up to the sky, the distance between the two outer points of light was about the distance between your thumb and pointer finger (4-5). My husband tried to take a picture of it, but his camera phone would not cooperate and only produced a washed out photo that appeared to be taken in bright sunlight when it was actually almost dark out.;45.5221;-122.2417
