Small object with green and red lights slowly flying and rotating near a state highway.;2012-05-16 05:45:00;Few minutes;Small object with green and red lights slowly flying and rotating near a state highway. I was driving to work early on Wednesday morning, May 16 and had just turned north on State road 1 from US highway 40.  To the east I saw lights in the sky, which I initially thought was an airplane. As my car got closer to a department of transportation building in the area I noticed a strange light formation from a small object appearing to be about 60-70 above ground level.  This is only a guess as it was still fairly dark but this is the feeling I got looking at it.  As I slowly drove by I noticed red and green lights.  They were not pulsating or flashing. The green lights appeared in a row and the red light or lights were on the other side of the green, but were not in a row.  They were either a circular cluster or just one large, round light.  I couldn't see the body of the craft but it moved in diagonal and irregular patterns very slowly and without sound. It also rotated slowly as it traveled.  I wish I had stopped and took more time to look at it but it seemed to happen so fast I couldn't process what I was seeing and thought maybe someone from the transportation department was using some kind of radio controlled flying vehicle.  When I arrived at work I spoke about it with other coworkers who live in the area and 4 or 5 others confirmed what I saw and they were just as perplexed as I was. This just happened this morning and I'm hoping to talk to more people around town this week to see if anybody else experienced this or knows of an explanation as to what this was. If I obtain any new information or insight regarding this I will post a follow up statement.;39.8212;-85.1715
STRANGE OBJECT STREAKS ACROSS THE SKY LIKE A SHOOTING STAR-NO SOUND;2015-09-18 00:35:00;1 second;STRANGE OBJECT STREAKS ACROSS THE SKY LIKE A SHOOTING STAR-NO SOUND Shortly after 12:30 AM, as I was smoking a cigarette in my rural yard, looking across my family's lake at a direction of N NE, I noticed what appeared to be an airplane in the night sky to my left (at about my 10 o' clock).  While watching this, an object I could not identify came streaking out of the northeastern sky and flew from that side of the horizon to the southwestern sky behind me in no more than one second of time.  It was amazingly fast, so fast that I actually thought I was watching a shooting star initially.  To make this sighting more strange, this object made NO AUDIBLE SOUND, had what appeared to be dim lights like the last breath of a cheap flashlight before it completely dies, and was as low-flying as a five-story building.  Even more amazing, is that after the event, as I stood and pondered what kind of unidentified object I must have seen, I started thinking about the amazing radar or controls this object must have.  Honestly, it appeared! to be man-made, though that's really not for me to say.  What I mean is, this object could not continue at its speed and trajectory for long until it were to collide with SOMETHING, being that it was so low-flying.   Truly amazing.  Gave me instant tears to see something so awe-inspiring.;39.8212;-85.1715
