I saw two large, rectangle objects, moving silently outlined with small lights at 3 and 5 hundred feet in air.;1987-05-14 20:45:00;3 minutes;I saw two large, rectangle objects, moving silently outlined with small lights at 3 and 5 hundred feet in air. On my way home alone from a church service I rounded a steep curve and looked to my left across a river and up to the top of a steep hill. It was a crystal clear night and suddenly noticed a large object outlined in red lights with a flashing amber light at the center of the object.  It appeared to be at least 150 ft. long.  I first thought it was a large military helicopter.  I stopped my Chevy Blazer in the road, cut off my stereo and rolled down the window. The object was close to 300 ft. away.  I suddenly realized there was no noise at all. It was roughly 20-30 ft above the tree tops,yet the trees were motionless.  The craft was moving about 10-15 m.p.h. I drove quickly about 200 ft and pulled off to the left side of the road.  I got out of my vehicle and stood looking at it when I suddenly noticed an identical craft around 500 ft above the first one and slightly ahead.  I have lived here all of my life and I could tell by the direction they were heading they would pass over the crest of a hill about 1 and a half miles on down the road.  I figured I would be a lot higher and I would be able to see a lot more so I started for the crest of the hill as fast as I could get there.  It took around a minute to get there and as soon as I arrived I spun my vehicle around so I could see the crafts approach, but to my amazement they were gone.  I tuned my cb radio into a channel a local coal Strip mine was working because i knew, due to their location on the hill, they had to have see the crafts. They were working as usual and did not indicate any sighting at all.  I strangly was not afraid, but after I arrived home, I started to think about what I had seen and realized in what danger i could have possibly been.;37.1388;-82.855
