Black triangle with red lights on corners and two brighter escorts silently fly overhead in night sky.;2005-10-19 22:00:00;5 minutes;Black triangle with red lights on corners and two brighter escorts silently fly overhead in night sky. Saw black triangle with two bright lights flying nearby.  Triangle had red light on each corner.  It appeared that the two bright lights were other craft flying along with the triangle.   The triangle went from left to right in the night sky from my vantage point with the two other bright light crafts changing positions along side the triangle as if they were an escort or something to the same effect.   The flight path was to the best of my memory from a se direction moving toward nw in the sky.  The night sky this night was brighter than the past few and had a gray hue so the black triangle stood out against the lighter sky backdrop.  No sounds were heard during the entire viewing.   I have seen local air traffic before above the area and this triangle appeared to be of the same altitude based on how known aircraft appear when viewed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));37.1388;-82.855
Black triangle over Whitesburg in Letcher County Kentucky.;2015-12-05 23:30:00;2 minutes;Black triangle over Whitesburg in Letcher County Kentucky. My friend and I were out using a telescope to view the moon.  We were on top of Pine Mountain which is the highest point in the area.  While looking at the moon and just talking etc I noticed a black triangle shape just to the right of the moon from my vantage point.  I pointed it out to my friend who then saw it as well.  The object had no lights and was making no sound.  It at first appeared to be stationary but watching it closely it was floating across the sky as if it were in geosynchronous orbit.  We used the telescope to try for a detailed look but nothing could be gained further from that magnification.  It floated in view there for just a couple of minutes before it accelerated in a direction that appeared to be straight up from our viewpoint.  When it shot off it again made no sound.  It still had no lights and the physical acceleration was so much that no human would have been able to survive the g-force.  From the time the! acceleration was noticed to the time it was out if sight was approximately 1/2 to 1 second.  The craft was triangle in shape and black in color.  The black stood out against what clouds were out which made the black craft appear darker than some of the sky around it..if explaining it like that makes sense.  Thank you for having somewhere a person can report sightings such as this without fear of you being the guy that says little green men.  Thx again.;37.1388;-82.855
