On 8/22/08 in Provo Utah we saw many chevron shaped groupings of rapidly moving clusters  of bright crafts.;2008-08-22 23:00:00;1 hour;On 8/22/08 in Provo Utah we saw many chevron shaped groupings of rapidly moving clusters  of bright crafts. My 25 year old daughter and her 24 year old friend were at the park near Center and Geneva road in Provo, the one with the fort. As they were sitting there they saw a V shaped cluster of approximately 50 or more very bright lights move some what low across the sky at a very rapid speed. It moved like a school of fish, curving in unison, but then splitting apart at times. It  was coming from the north west and moving south east. Various other configurations of these groupings passed every few minutes. At times the lights would flare so brightly it was startling! She called me on the phone and told me to look outside to see if I could see anything, but we have a street lamp in front of our home and we couldn't. They came and picked us up and we went back to the park. I expected to see that it was a search light or something but then one large grouping flew overhead and it was undeniably something unlike anything I had ever seen or could explain. It was like a boomerang shape cluster of up to 50 objects all flying in formation very close together and they just kept coming every few minutes. They were not single file like airplanes would fly, but  grouped  densely together. We had brought our binoculars and  my 17 year old son was able to track one very brightly lit group. He saw individual crafts all clustered together, circular with dark violet lights circling around the outer edge. They were not all identical in shape and at one point they suddenly shot straight up in a deep purple blast. Most of the groupings were in a chevron pattern, but some were just small clusters. When the lights would flare it was stunning! Then they would fade to a dimness that made them unnoticeable unless you were looking at them already. They moved across the sky at an inhuman speed. We also watched multiple airplanes flying overhead and it made the speed of these objects even more stunning.  I am a retired nurse and current business owner in partnership with my daughter. Her friend is a world traveler and has seen other sightings in his life. My 17 year old son is a skeptic, as I am and we both came along expecting to see something that was easily explainable. I don't believe in UFO's never have. I don't believe in anything I can't see and I even struggle with religion although I was raised in the Mormon faith and do still attend. I don't know what to do with this experience. I know I witnessed  a massive sighting of UFO's and I am scared!;40.2415504424779;-111.653681415929
5 lights, each chevron shaped and in a tight formation, crossed our line of sight (mine and my wife's) over a period of 20 seconds.;2013-04-12 21:28:00;20 seconds;5 lights, each chevron shaped and in a tight formation, crossed our line of sight (mine and my wife's) over a period of 20 seconds. SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED LIGHTS IN THE SKY  	Friday 4.12.2013 21:28 MT (local time)  	No clouds were visible in the sky •  	I was an astrophysics major at one time in college and have been an avid amateur astronomer since the age of 8—I am now 60 	The Moon was a few days old in the western sky Jupiter was higher up on the ecliptic (i.e., to the south of) from the Moon in the constellation Taurus (the Bull). 	My wife and I were on the BYU Campus in between the Tanner and Hinckley buildings walking back to our car at the conclusion of the BYU Ballroom Concert in the Marriott Center.  While we were walking, my wife and I had been discussing the apparent line of the ecliptic on the celestial sphere as defined by the moon and Jupiter.  While thus engaged, I spotted a phenomenon 10 degrees north of and about the same altitude (on the celestial sphere) as the moon and pointing to it, asked my wife if she saw it too.  She answered in the affirmative.  We observed five rather subdued lights that appeared to be approaching us in a tight formation (angular separation of the formation was estimated at approximately 3-5 degrees) which in approximately 5 seconds moved across our line of sight to the north of us, then quickly disappeared off to the northeast, the whole sighting lasting no longer than 20 seconds.  The five lights maintained their tight formation throughout our observation though they changed their position relative to one another a couple of times while we observed them.  The lights were not at any time occulted by any terrestrial objects.  The individual lights appeared to be chevron shaped—definitely not point sources nor spheres.  The actual (not observational) altitude of the lights was impossible to estimate but our instincts suggested they were fairly close to the ground. 	We heard nothing. 	This is my first sighting of what some might describe as a UFO  •	Do I believe in UFOs?  I am skeptical but open-minded.;40.2415504424779;-111.653681415929
