Light orb of yellow white color, pulsed with rhythm from dim to bright, hummed loudly, static discharge noise, sparks and lightning web;2014-10-13 03:00:00;~3 minutes;Light orb of yellow white color, pulsed with rhythm from dim to bright, hummed loudly, static discharge noise, sparks and lightning web I was sitting in my room during a rain storm at around 3AM EST. I heard a faint noise that sounded a little like a car or motorcycle engine, which isn't uncommon here.  When I looked out the window toward the road I saw a light about mid-way in the tree line, about roughly a foot or two off the ground.  I thought someone might have been coming through the trees in something with only one headlight. It made it to the road rather quickly, but as it moved and when it reached the road it pulsed or sort of glowed from bright to dim. Bright..2..3..Dim..2..3..Bright.  Once it reached the road between two signs that mark a merging side road and a No trucks (church property) sign, the humming intensified.  It was only there a moment when it made the sound that reminds me of static discharge, and sparks covered the road in a flash of white light, followed by a web of what I can only describe as lightning in nature, laced in a purple hue.  One of the branches of that light forked over and touched the light in the parking lot which made a loud static, almost sonic sound which startled me away from the window. When I looked back, it was gone. The only animal that seemed bothered was my smallest cat, who walked up to the door of my room with wide, narrowly slit-pupil eyes and ears swiveling, as if he were listening.  My uncle, whom was asleep at the time, heard it and thought our heat pump had blown. I went out after the rain slowed to investigate, but nothing seemed to be struck, or damaged. Not the power lines, or metal signs or light post. It was like it never happened. This last part might have been my imagination getting away from me, but as I was walking back and forth searching the area where I had seen the orb hovering on the road, I heard a rustle in the low bean bushes in the field in front of the trees just on the other side of the road.  I moved closer to it to see if it were an animal, or just my imagination and I heard a guttural sound. It was a gurgle, or a croak of sorts, but nothing like I have ever heard before. My uncle told me it was probably just a frog, but I have lived here for almost 6 years now and have never heard a frog make the sound I heard. It scared me so badly I ran back across the road and inside without looking back and locked the door.  I don't know if this was paranormal, extraterrestrial or what, but I do know that I am officially freaked out.;35.9009999999999;-81.2133999999999
