Definitely followed my car over 20 miles and shone lights, went way below the second loop of power line noiselessly;1980-07-08 02:00:00;40 Minutes;Definitely followed my car over 20 miles and shone lights, went way below the second loop of power line noiselessly I was 21 years old then. Now I'm 46. I have told close friends of this, and they know I've never taken one drug in my life or even smoked a normal cigarette! I was taking my friend home way out Westport Road. At that time, it was different, undeveloped except for a huge Ford Truck Plant and some apartments.  All along the way it was just land, with huge power lines on tall poles draping over a fairly twisty road in places.  After taking her home, in my Mustang, I noticed what I believed to be a normal helicopter coming down...down...then it got so darned near to those big power lines that it scared me! I didn't want its propellers (though I saw none) get twisted into those lines, so I stopped immediately. I wasn't going that fast since the road twisted into a sort of curve there anyway, with a guardrail there, and power lines above. No lights were there, only my car lights so it was pitch black otherwise, out in the country. It came so low near my car I wondered if it was a police helicopter looking for someone...I had stopped so I rolled down my windows and turned off my air conditioner. I could not hear it and it was BELOW the second draping power line. That is too low for any craft to be near a street, so I thought it was dangerous. Then it darted back up--way up in seconds. It was unreal how fast. The thing was cigar shaped in that it was similar to a plane or a helicopter body but it was lit up and also shone a light down on the ground. It wasn't directly on me but near me. I thought a Police 'copter made a mistake and was looking for someone but when I heard no engines or whirring propellers it was mysterious to me. I wasn't even thinking of UFO's! I went home and followedit in the sky with my eyes and it began to come nearer and then go out higher, irratic for a plane and a 'copter can't go that high I don't think! I went home (35 minutes trip) and it followed me all the way home, till I got into the driveway. At one point in the road where they are a crossroads, I actually turned out my lights and then went up the hill and thought they lost me but they just went up high. When I got to my yard and parked my car, I stayed in the dark car a minute looking up in the sky as it looked for me. While it was up in the air a minute I ran into the house and told my mother who said it was probably a helicopter looking for someone. I said it was so strange it would follow me that long. All night I had this dream I couldn't stand where I was downloading all this 'simple' information like: what was my weight? Height? Size? Who were (names!) all of my relatives, what was my education, religion, heritage, you name it. This was before computers and stuff, and the only way to this day I can describe it is like in my dream my whole 'data' was downloaded. Maybe the whole thing just gave me this dream, yet in the dream it was very annoying to answer all these simple questions so painstakingly for what seemed hours. I've never seen anything weird before or since. I have never smoked, drank anything but an occasional drink because I don't even like it, and wasn't on any medicine, didn't need to be, was perfectly healthy and happy and normal.I have never taken ANY illegal drugs either. I know what I saw wasn't normal. One other funny thing is that to this day, twenty years later, when I think back on it, I picture myself going TO my friends apartment, yet it was that stretch of road coming BACK that I saw it....weird. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous indicates that date of incident is approximate.  Witness indicates that date of event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  One of two similar reports from the same source.  We have posted both reports.  PD));38.221889317266;-85.6625921642081
DEFINITELY NOT FROM AROUND HERE!;1980-07-08 04:00:00;30 Minutes;DEFINITELY NOT FROM AROUND HERE! I was taking a girlfriend of mine home. We live in Louisville, KY. She had recently moved way out by a Ford plant, on Westport Road.  At that time (1980) the roads were very winding and the whole area wasn't that developed. There were those huge power lines everywhere on the side of the road like you see in such rural areas. We were both 21 years old, and we had been up late because she wanted to discuss some troubling family issues that had just ocurred.  I took her home and from my house (in Fern Creek)it was a very long way out there. I then drove back the same road and was moving right along in my Mustang when I got to a winding part of the road, and slowed for safety sake.  Suddenly I saw a craft that was similar in body perhaps to a helicopter, in that it was long and may have been wider at the front than the rear. I only noticed it had a high beam light on me. I knew it could very possibly be a police helicopter, and figured it was just what it was. It kept putting the beam on me and scared me. I was afraid maybe they were looking for some escaped criminal or something and may have thought I fit their description.  I saw that the craft though was so low to the ground that it was amazing. I suddenly thought that if it was that low, which was at the first draping power line of the two, that it may get tangled into them and then I'd be affected by the mess.  I was scared that it would cause an accident, so I stopped the car and watched it. It was hovering perfectly still in the air, but was that low, and had NO SOUND AT ALL. I even rolled down the window a bit because I thought maybe they would come on a bull horn or something.  All the time I couldn't see much of the thing because of this beam directed at me. It didn't get entangled, though that close to the lines, and I figured before it did, I'd race ahead and get out of there and did so. Strangely, it went up into the sky then but again, not all that high in altitude.  Then I went all the way home, maybe 30 miles, and it had followed me every inch of the way, sometimes higher up in the sky, others lower, and I was horrified maybe it WAS the police. Then I got home, and parked in our back driveway and saw it flying in the sky slowly, in both directions, no pattern. I thought that was very weird, and it seemed it had followed me so long and far, that I ran into our house. I have always thought it was a UFO though I didn't ever know if I did or did not believe in them and still don't know for sure.  But when I think back on that night, I picture driving and where it was I saw it so close to those power lines, and suddenly I realize I'm recalling the right spot I was driving, but in the wrong direction. I was going homeward on that particular curve, and yet I always recall it as if going toward her apartment instead. That is very weird to me.  The craft had been pretty low when I pulled into the driveway and I watched it after turning out the car lights. Suddenly it zipped up into the sky above my backyard so fast it was a mere speck. THAT is when I didn't think it was a police helicopter and the other reason was that a chopper always makes some big propeller sound, but even close to me as it was on that road by the power lines, it was SILENT.  I also later heard others say that weird sitings happened around POWER LINES and wonder if they someway tap into the power or something.  I am a professional person and college educated, reasonable and have never taken one drug in my life. It was definitely NOT from around here.. ((NUFORC Note:  One of two similar reports from the same source.  We have posted both reports.  PD));38.221889317266;-85.6625921642081
Daylight Cigar shaped UFO sighting, with Witness!;1986-06-09 16:00:00;1 or 2 minutes;Daylight Cigar shaped UFO sighting, with Witness! What you are about to read is quite unbelieveable. But I swear on my familys life that what I say is true and even have a witness whom saw exactly what I did.. And it changed my life forevermore...  The year was 86.  I was 17. My friend and I were driving on a rural country road/hwy, just outside the town of Louisville KY on a fine clear summer day. The time was about 4:30pm. I was riding shotgun and enjoying the nice country drive when something caught my attention through the corner of my eye off to the left of the highway.  I noticed something large hovering over a wooded area about a quarter mile away.  At first I thought what in the world is that?  It was a silvery metallic cigar shaped craft that was probably at least a hundred feet long.  It was in a vertical position, just hanging there motionless maybe a hundred feet above the treetops. I pointed this curiosity out to my friend who was just as puzzeled as I. I figured it must be a weather ballon or something like that. But...I have never seen anything even re similar in appearance in my 17 years of life. There were no appendages, wings, motors, rotors, windows, Nothing! It was a solid metallic shape that reflected the suns rays brilliantly. My friend and I were looking at the object trying to figure out what it was, when, in the blink of an eye it was gone!  I was quite excited and scared. Eagerly we scanned the skies around where it had been, looking for it, but it was nowhere to be found.  Maybe 30 seconds later, while looking on the OTHER side of the expressway from where it had been, I saw it hanging there motionless again. Yelling there it is!  I pointed to my friend where it was, and we both watched it for several seconds.  Then, right before our very eyes, it disappeared slowly, as if it was cloaking, or dematerializing. It just faded out to nothing.  It did not move away.  It just disappeared. We were speechless.  I told family and friends but no one believed me, even with my friend as witness. I cannot describe how I felt, but know that this event convinced me to research what I saw, and over the years I have found much. Having seen this firsthand, I have opened my eyes to accept what others cannot. Many people have seen exactly what I have, all over the world. I don't know what it was that I saw, but it was broad daylight when we saw it, so there is no questionable night time issues here. In my opinion this was no government secret project/craft. 1. The technology was far too advanced. 2.  The speed used would have broken a humans neck, or the G forces involved would have been impossible for a human to withstand. 3.  As far as I know , no government on earth has craft cloaking/dematerializing abilities.  This has bothered the hell out of me for 20 years. It could be a government project, but I seriously doubt it. Having seen what I have, I honestly believe we are being visted by beings from another world.  Before I die, my one wish in this world is to truly know what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));38.221889317266;-85.6625921642081
Low flying all white craft, est. 100 ft up. Looked like a military drone.;2020-10-05 13:00:00;3 minutes;Low flying all white craft, est. 100 ft up. Looked like a military drone. On a clear day in October (not a cloud in sight) i was on my way home from lunch when this object flew over the road right in front of me. At first i thought it might be a military drone but it was too big and flying too low. It was about 100 ft high off the ground. All white craft, no logos, no propulsion, no pumes coming out of the back. Around 40 ft long. I tried to follow it but it went over the tree line and out of my view. It was going around 40mph. Kind of like it was on autopilot.;38.221889317266;-85.6625921642081
