Flame looking object south of Louisville, KY airport in 2000;2000-09-22 07:50:00;10-12 min;Flame looking object south of Louisville, KY airport in 2000 On a very clear morning. I was coming back from the second shop to get a part.  I glanced up to see something I have never seen in my life that stopped me in my tracks and totally speechless.  It was tear drop shaped but the sides were straight not concave and rounded at the front.  It was an orange, red and yellow distinctive but blend of these colors.  Kind of looked like it was on fire or flaming but was not pulsing or flickering.  It seemed like a cut out picture that was suspended in the sky but I knew this was NOT the case. I stood and watched it for a few minutes as it seemed to be heading straight for the ground maybe 1,000 feet or so up.  I caught myself watching in an almost trance-like state I kind of snapped myself out of and thought, I HAVE to get someone else to confirm what I am seeing is just that!.  I knew I wasn't having dillusions, was well rested, not hung over OR on ANY medication. (legal or otherwise)  I briskly headed for the main shop to get the shop foreman because we were the only ones there at the moment.  I went into the office and asked him with much firmness in my voice he needs to come here to see this.  He asked what it was but I just blurted out, Just come here. You have to see this!.   He followed me with out question as I quick stepped it the spot I was standing earlier.  I stopped at the same spot and pointed backwards to the object and replied, WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!.  He turned in the southern direction I pointed and froze solid...speechless as well.  Blank stare on his face. After a couple minutes I asked him again. What the hell is that? He said,  Charlie, I really don't know in an awe stricken fashion. So, we just stood there for a few minutes more then the object seemed to turn due south very gradually but it didn't bend, flex or change its looks when it did.  It was smaller looking after the turn south and seemed to slowly continue until it got too small to see any more.  It left no trail, residue and had no evidence of being a made or built thing.  No lights or anything that people typically report with ufos. This all took place maybe 1 mile south of the Louisville, KY, international airport.  About 1/2 mile west of I-65 and about 1/2 mile south of I-265.  So close to the air port and never heard anything about it on the news or from others.  It seemed to be bigger than the good year blimp.  I can't even be sure it was a craft but it seemed to move with a definite purpose. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));38.221889317266;-85.6625921642081
