This was not manufactured on earth but whoever built it looks like they are using very similar aircraft technology.;2011-06-03 12:00:00;2 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Witness fails to indicate date and time of sighting.  We wonder whether this report is intended to be a serious-minded account of the alleged sighting.  We have written the witness about this point, and we have assigned an arbitrary time and date above, until we hear back from him.  PD)) This was not manufactured on earth but whoever built it looks like they are using very similar aircraft technology judging from the rud craft approached from north preformed a wide banked turn, then a slip manuver before entering a vertical climb reaching M3-M4 before dissappearing leaving a contrail.   It also made a sound like a machine gun going off except quieter and lower pitch increasing in pitch as it accelerated.   it was about the size of an an-225 triangle shaped fusulage trapazoid shaped wings a single very large rudder.    it was solid black with no lights looked like it was designed to fly through an atmosphere at hypersonic speeds ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) it was about 400 feet long with a wingspan of maybe 250 feet.  the wings were stubby with straight trailing edges and slightly swept back leading edges and the fusulage was prehaps 70 feet wide at the wing roots and tapered to a point at the front and rear.  the wings blended smoothly into the fusulage like a lifting body.  i am assuming the wings had control surfaces (elevons) because it had a rudder/vertical stablizer that i actually saw moving and because it banked and used the rudder during the turn.  the wings were near the rear.  i guess whoever built it is not nearly as advanced as the stereotypical ufo maybe just 150-200 years ahead of us it was disturbingly similar to a modern hypersonic aircraft.  i would say whoever built it is very close maybe less than 20 lightyears there was a buzzing like a pulse detonation engine and it left a contrail as it climbed ((END ADDENDUM));34.1473;-96.3662
