Flurry of small bright flashing lights going east to west in random formation as if they were bees that were disturbed.;2005-11-19 18:30:00;2 hours;((NUFORC Note:  This report submitted by a retired, senior member of the U. S. military.  We believe that the report deserves special attention.  PD)) Flurry of small bright flashing lights going east to west in random formation as if they were bees that were disturbed. My wife had asked me to go with her on our back porch because she wanted to smoke and wanted someone to talk with.  That was when my wife noticed strange lights in the night sky and brought it to my attention.  There were dozens, perhaps hundreds of lights that were blinking white light in different intensities. They were traveling from over Keel mountain east to west direction heading towards Huntsville.  There was no organization to these lights.  My wife got her telephone and called her friend to tell her what we were witnessing.  While she was talking on the phone I noticed a group of these white lights formed a large circle behind our house out in the field and stopped for several minutes and began to flash wildly.  They didn't flash all at once but randomly wild with intensity.  They must've been two hundred feet away and about one hundred feet off the ground.  They were not equally spaced but they did form a perfect circle.  After a few minutes the lights from the circle that they created took off like a stream of bees flying.  They took off west towards Huntsville too.  I couldn't make out any shapes and didn't hear any sound.  There were more of these lights coming over Keel mountain when my wife pointed to a faint object overhead.  It looked like a faint burnt orangish disk that was stationary in the sky.  I went into the house and got my telescope out to see what it was.  The object was still there.   My wife is far sight and kept telling me that there was a second object overhead too but I couldn't see it.  What I could see with my telescope just made me more confused of what I was looking at.  It looked like a faint burnt orangish disk with knobs on the bottom like you see with some reflectors. The flurry of white lights finally ceased but the disk overhead was still there but faintly.  Afterwards my wife and I went inside because we were getting too cold.  We were speachless as to what we witnessed. ((NUFORC Note:  We have no idea what the multiple lights may have been, but we have written the witness, asking what direction the clouds were moving at the time of the sighting of those lights.  We suspect that the orange-colored object may have been Mars, which currently is quite prominent in the eastern sky at the time indicated.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Peter Davenport,  This was something that my wife and I never experienced before in our life.  We are married for over ((deleted--three decades)) years. I'm a retired ((rank deleted--senior, career military)). We are not comfortable about doing this. The sky was crystal clear that night.  The wind was a gentle ENE that evening.  High that day was 50 and the low for that night was predicted to be 25.  I agree that the burnt orange was Mars.  If my wife didn't see this for herself, then I wouldn't be writing you now. Sincerely, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We are grateful to the witnesses for sharing the information with our Center.  We do not know what it was they saw.  PD));34.714;-86.3921
Bright green sphere with red tip behind it coming down at a 45 degree angle from north going south visible for only a few seconds.;2013-08-04 20:10:00;2 seconds;Bright green sphere with red tip behind it coming down at a 45 degree angle from north going south visible for only a few seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.714;-86.3921
We saw four connected bright lights.;2019-10-24 23:00:00;5 minutes;We saw four connected bright lights. My fiancé and were returning home to Fort Payne, AL, from Huntsville, AL after a Chris Young concert.  We were right outside of Scottsboro, AL, when we saw four bright lights above the tree line.  We first thought they were either bright car lights in our lane ahead or possible stadium lights from a football field.  Upon getting closer we could see the lights were way above any trees.  There were four lights lined up directly side by side and they stayed that way for about five minutes.  Then, they shut of just like headlights.;34.714;-86.3921
