Object Extremely quite and maneuverable could have been inches above our heads at anytime unaware to us;2008-01-20 20:00:00;3 MINUTES;Object Extremely quite and maneuverable could have been inches above our heads at anytime unaware to us Back in January 2008 my son and I were out walking bates street when about 50 yard or less an object about the size of a car was floating near a telephone poll.  Was shaped like a gray saucer  I moved quickly  as to chase it then it moved toward me.  It was coming so fast that I turned back grabbed my son and shot toward a house then as I looked back it retreated.   UFO was so silent that it could have been inches above our head and we would not have not known it was there without looking up.   As it floated away it used remarkable movement and agility as it missed all the power lines and trees then just floated over a house.   Just me and my son were out on a very cold night everything was quite but in a populated housing area.  I never believed in UFO's but now I just have to wonder what this object was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.7832;-91.6369
Craft Hovering extremly quite could have easily been inches above our hear unless we looked we would have had no idea;2010-01-20 20:00:00;3 MINUTES;Craft Hovering extremly quite could have easily been inches above our hear unless we looked we would have had no idea Back in January 2008 my son and I were out walking bates street when about 50 yard or less an object about the size of a car was floating near a telephone poll.  Was shaped like a gray saucer  I moved quickly  as to chase it then it moved toward me.  It was coming so fast that I turned back grabbed my son and shot toward a house then as I looked back  it retreated.  UFO was so silent that it could have been inches above our head and we would not have not known it was there without looking up.   As it floated away it used remarkable movement and agility as it missed all the power lines and trees then just floated over a house.   Just me and my son were out very cold night everything was quite but in a populated housing area.  I never believed in UFO's but now I just have to wonder what this object was. Updated 1/20/2010;35.7832;-91.6369
