Orange Pulsating light over Ramsey Mountain, Batesville, Arkansas on May 17th, 2004 at approximately 8:40 pm in the western sky.;2004-05-17 20:40:00;4 minutes;Orange Pulsating light over Ramsey Mountain, Batesville, Arkansas on May 17th, 2004 at approximately 8:40 pm in the western sky. At first, I thought I was simply looking at the top of a radio tower with a light on top. Those lights spin around to alert low-flying planes that there is a tower there.  However, it quickly came to my attention that this light was not connected to a tower of any kind it was in fact, floating freely. As we left inner-Batesville, heading up Ramsey Mountain to the South, I lost sight of it. However, as soon as we crested the hill, I re-acquired view of the object, only to learn that it was MUCH higher than I had previously thought. It was still very bright, and it pulsated in a very regular pattern. It reminded me of a heartbeat, it was so rhythmic. It would be interesting to see if anyone else has seen anything like this.  For those interested, the object appeared to be no bigger than a medium orangeish-yellow dot. It reminded me of a radio tower light immediately, but like I said before, that wasn't anywhere near to the truth. There weren't any other mysterious craft nearby, but I did notice a couple of airplanes flying in relatively close proximity to the craft (remember now, this is in the sky references are hard to come by up there), and within half an hour of having lost sight of the object for the last time, I heard two loud airplanes flying overhead. They could have been passenger jets or military craft, I couldn't say which though. While I was viewing the object, it seemed to stay in one place, moving very little just pulsating like  crazy. I realized just how high it was when the clouds began to mess up my view of it.  Please, anyone else that has seen this light, please come forward to tell me anything you might know about it. I really don't know what to make of this, casue I've never seen anything like this before. It makes me wanna go out there tomorrow to try and get it to land here, LOL! :D Thanks for your time.;35.7832;-91.6369
A bright orange glow floated upward like a balloon but faster than a nearby plane then vanished. My sister and I watched it dissapear.;2004-09-29 23:30:00;4 min.;A bright orange glow floated upward like a balloon but faster than a nearby plane then vanished. My sister and I watched it dissapear. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));35.7832;-91.6369
