2 non-blinking lights (one red and one blue) on a stationary, triangular object;2014-01-13 20:30:00;Unknown;2 non-blinking lights (one red and one blue) on a stationary, triangular object I saw two non-blinking lights on the edge of the craft.  On one point was a blue light and on the other was a red.  Niether of the lights were blinking and I thought perhaps it was a tower I had never noticed on my way home from working going towards Brookville. But as I got closer, I realized that it was directly above the road about 100 to 150 ft in the air. I then thought maybe it was a low flying plane or helicopter until I got directly below it and realized it was not moving and it was triangular in shape with no blinking lights as required on each wing of an airplane or aircraft. I then continued down the road and did catch a glimpse of it in my review mirror but decided not to turn around because I figured I would find a clear answer of what it was when I got home, but I had no such luck.;39.6159;-85.43
2 non-blinking lights (one red and one blue) on a stationary, triangular object.;2014-01-13 20:30:00;Unknown;2 non-blinking lights (one red and one blue) on a stationary, triangular object I saw two non-blinking lights on the edge of the craft.  On one point was a blue light and on the other was a red. Niether of the lights were blinking and I thought perhaps it was a tower I had never noticed on my way home from working going towards Brookville.  But as I got closer, I realized that it was directly above the road about 100 to 150 ft in the air. I then thought maybe it was a low flying plane or helicopter until I got directly below it and realized it was not moving and it was triangular in shape with no blinking lights as required on each wing of an airplane or aircraft. I then continued down the road and did catch a glimpse of it in my review mirror but decided not to turn around because I figured I would find a clear answer of what it was when I got home, but I had no such luck.;39.6159;-85.43
