Triangle shape observed  on bright sunny day;1996-08-16 14:30:00;1 minute;Triangle shape observed  on bright sunny day This occurred on a very bright, sunny, cloudless Saturday afternoon, sitting on my deck, facing north across an open area with another open area (at that time)to my left. Noticed a darkening in the daylight like a cloud was crossing the bright sun. Looked up at the sky and to the east, over the buildings and open space came a very huge dark shape, moving about 25 to 30 miles per hour.  It was wider than a football field. There was not a sound, in fact I could still here a bird out in the open space in front of me just as it started to come into my line of sight.  The triangle was a little higher than tree-top level.  As it passed over my position, it appeared that the larger mass of it was actually over the open space in front of me. I looked steadily at it as it went over my position and thought that it was made of some type of metal of platic with the appearance of very dark gray to black and had the distinct texture of not being painted.  It was not shiny, i.e. the sun did not reflect or light up to top of it which I noted. I got the strong impression thatit was not painted and there were no markings on the bottom of the craft or along the training edge.  There were no apparant appetures  for engines along the back end of it. As it proceeded to the west, I noticed that it seemed to be very thin at the trailing edge of the craft.  I had the impression that it was a little thicker in the middle, like towards the pointy edge. As it continued to the west, and as it was passing direcly over me, I felt like there was some type of disturbance in the air.  I could feel it on the skin of my arms, almost like an electrical/magnetic charge was in the air.  It continued moving slowly and silently over the crest of the hill and disappeared. I waited a long time before I finally told my husband and said that since this had occurred on the day of the Dayton Air Force Show that I had probably seen a stealth fighter from Wright Pat.  Some months later I saw a picture of the Stealth and that WAS NOT WHAT I HAD SEEN. ! Besides , since then I understand that the Stealth does make noise and also can't fly at such a slow speed.  I know what I saw and felt.  There is no doubt in my mind. I cannot ever forget the impression of the skin of that craft - the color and whether it was metal or plastic, but metal seems closer to what I saw. It appeared to be crossing directly over the area where a building was to be built and passed along and over the hill directly in back of a hospital. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.3201999999996;-84.5520000000008
V-shaped lights over Fairfield & Hamilton Ohio.;2014-11-21 23:57:00;6 seconds;V shaped lights over Fairfield & Hamilton Ohio. Saw a ‘V’ shaped lights move from one side of the sky to the other in under 6 seconds.   We live in plane and helicopter fly zone so are used to seeing them.  My wife spotted the ‘V’ shape moving from a section of the sky behind me to the north east.   As I turned I spotted what appear to be a ‘V’ of lights either very low or very large.  Didn’t think anything of it until I noticed it was moving faster than any plane, helicopter, or flock of birds that I have ever seen.  Totally silent, moving north east to south west across the city.   When I first saw it in the mid sky, within 4 seconds, it had flown over the city and into the clouds on the horizon.  Something that would have taken any known source a minute or more to accomplish, this it did in just over a few seconds.   The craft was larger than the ‘V’ of lights but we couldn’t make out the actual shape in the dark.  Only noting the few stars shining over the city lights disappearing behind it as it passed.   The ‘V’ reminded me of a flock of geese but no way could geese move that fast over that distance.  They wouldn’t block out the stars as they passed either.   Can’t explain it or identify it, so can only say it was an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.3201999999996;-84.5520000000008
