4 star-like lights fixed single file moving deliberate, smooth, silent. ((NUFORC Note:  Space-X satellites??  PD);2019-11-11 19:00:00;5 minutes;Four star-like lights fixed single file moving deliberate, smooth, silent, and racing across the DELMARVA Peninsula. On the night of the 11th, my husband and I were returning from town. Our home is rural (dead center of the DELMARVA Peninsula) with a perfect night sky for star watching, which I do regularly. I stepped out of my truck on the west side facing the Chesapeake Bay. While looking out and upward, I thought I identified Orion’s belt, but I quickly realized that is was 4 stars not 3 and the rest of his body was missing. I looked to the east towards the moon and identified a bright star to its bottom left. I looked back at the 4 stars and realized they were moving. The lights appeared to be far above plane altitudes as there were multiple planes flying in different directions at different altitudes (normal activity). The planes were obvious by their running lights. Additionally, there is a great deal of government activity, regularly, so planes and the associated noise are normal. I began to yell to my husband to “look, look, what is that?” Immediately, in my heart,! I knew it was not earthly. At first, I thought the “star-like lights” were horizontal beside each other, but then I realized they were moving single file, one behind the other. Most important to their movement was the distance between them never wavered. It was if they were connected somehow by material or an unseen force. The first two were closer to one another, and then the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th light were evenly distributed. My first thought on their movement was how the animation of Santa sailing across the sky moves…deliberate, smooth, silent, racing. It was like the lights were a train with an engine car and then individual cars. I was mad at myself for not having my phone, which I had noted earlier when I missed the beaver moon shot on the way to town. I wanted to run to the house to get it, but I was afraid of missing any of this event. The lights appeared to be moving from the south west on a curve directly towards and over our farm. As they moved closer, I ran to th! e house through the west side door, grabbed the phone, and hea! ded out the south side door (mere seconds). I fumbled to get the recorder going as I continued to watch the event unfold. The 4 lights continued what seemed like a curve and headed south east. As they trailed away, I could only see the last light because of their single file position. The video is terrible. I hold a PhD in Public Policy, and we are the largest free-range egg farm in Maryland.;38.1932;-75.7028
