Night turns to morning light and back again;1990-11-17 04:30:00;2 minutes;Night turns to morning light and back again On November 17th, 1990 I was waking up and looking out my bedroom window across Hallowell for a visual of the State House.  It was still a night sky and the stars were crystal clear.  Within a 30 second time period it seemed as though the sun was rising and then the sky was as bright as dawn, I could see my town and the house tops of Augusta.  5 seconds later I saw a ball about 600 feet in the sky flying overhead towards Augusta.  The UFO flew steady and straight maintaining a constant speed and direction and then once over Augusta made what seemed to be a 90 degree angle and bolted off towards Whitefield.  Within 30 seconds the light had vanished and 30 seconds later I could see the clear, dark starry night. To back this sighting up, here is more evidence.  My uncle was up at the same time in Farmingdale getting ready to go hunting.  He was in his living room and noticed the light coming in through his roof windows and then noticed the same ball of light going over head towards Hallowell.   As is passed by the lit up area then faded again and he could see the darkness again and eventually the stars.  I was a Junior in Highschool at this time and my uncle an archetect. ((NUFORC Note:  The witness indicates that the date is correct, but we are pursuing that issue.  He might have been witness to a meteor, since there is a major meteor shower annually at this time of November, but a meteor does not last for two minutes.  We have requested a report from the uncle to the witness, as well.  PD)) ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) Dear Mr. Davenport, Yes indeed I am certain without a doubt of the date, and year, one can't forget something like that.  In addition, something that I did not mention was that the local police station had said there were calls also from Augusta, Chelsea, China and Whitefield, Maine.  As for my uncle, unfortunately I have lost touch with him but if I do get a hold of him I will certainly point him in your direction. ***Why so interested in the date and year, have you heard of others that reported something in and around that time?  It's kind of strange to talk about this stuff but after reading all of those stories I guess I felt comfortable about telling my little experience. ((name deleted)) ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  Very interesting event seen over Maine on the same date, Friday night, November 17,  in 1995.  Hence, our interest in whether the year of this report was correct.  PD));44.2846000000001;-69.8090000000004
