GEORGIA UFO GROUP REPORT/MUFON of Georgia (joint post):  Fort Mountain teardrop Craft;1995-08-15 17:00:00;1 to 1 1/2 minutes;Georgia UFO Group/MUFON of Georgia- Fort Mountain Teardrop Craft Beginning in 1998, and for several years thereafter, this writer, as State Director for MUFON of Georgia, visited the Fort Mountain community numerous times. (These visits continue today on behalf of the Georgia UFO Group).  Each visit was in response to members of that community who were reporting multiple observations of unknown aerial activity.   Ths first visit was made on 15March98, taking along a team of MUFON personnel, including Field Investigator Jack Dowless who lives in that region of Georgia.   The witness was found to be a mature successful businessman who has for 12 years lived on the highway along which this upscale mountain community is located. The witness was found to be an intelligent and well read person, an active church member and an obvious PILLAR of the Murray County area. His home was located at 2600 feet of altitude on the side of Fort Mountain overlooking a large valley toward Grassy Mountain to the north.  His north wall lets out onto a full patio, the exit being a huge glass wall/sliding door.  This area is within the Chattahoochee National Forest, abutting the remote Cohutta Wilderness. Location being about 70 miles north of Atlanta.   The witness was cooperative and requested to remain anonymous due to his church work and business ventures in both Georgia and Tennessee.   FI Jack Dowless conducted the interview with occasional questions from this writer.   The witness stated that on an unrecalled date in September of 1995 at about 5:00PM EDT, the weather was clear and sunny. To the NW, he observed an object out over the valley and it appeared to be teardrop in shape.   He estimated that it was about 300 yards from his home, essentially stationary, but with a tilting motion that also revealed the top. He got his nearby binoculars and about half of the 1 - 1 1/2 minute observation was made with magnification. He further described the object as seeming to be SOLID, and of a dull aluminum-type metal, about the color of galvanized pipe.  Addtionally he estimated that it was about 30-40 feet in length, 12-18 feet in width, thickness of 8-10 feet, tapering to 3-5 feet, with a canopy or cockpit-type of protuberance on top.  The witness also described a black hole that opened in the top center/side of the craft.  Clear but bright icicle-like rays were projected from the circumference of the hole out to a distance of some 50-100 feet.  After about 20 or so seconds, the hole closed and the craft resumed it's original appearance.  (Witness later told this writer the rays might be compared to the shiny tinsel icicle-like decorations put on Christmas trees.....they blow in a stiff breeze).  The object then suddenly vanished.  No unusual odors, sounds or other effects were noticed. The witness had sketched in detail what he observed.  Much later, the witness and his brother was watching a documentary on the Fox Network and got the UFO Hotline number.  His brother talked him into reporting the incident (brother lives elsewhere in Georgia).  This was corroborated when the writer later interviewed the brother on several occasions. During later discussions with the witness and his brother over the next few years, ALL DETAILS REMAINED THE SAME.   Due to the witness' unobstructed view of the valley, mountains and sky, he stated he was in fact a regular skywatcher and  had some small interest in UFOs since they were always in the media.  He went on to describe some other events he had witnessed, as well as those of his neighbors.  Subsequent visits to this community to speak with other witnesses found his information to be absolutely correct.  This writer and other MUFON of Georgia personnel in fact personally witnessed a minor event from this location at a later date and subsequent to that, WITNESSED WHAT WE FEEL WAS A SURPRISING (!) UNEXPLAINED EVENT very near this witness' home. (As one member described it.....That'll wake you up in the morning boys!......this particular episode will be described in a future posting to NUFORC).   Overall, subsequent interaction with this witness during later visits to Fort Mountain further established his credibility to this writer.   FI Jack Dowless indicated he felt that no conventional aircraft could be mistaken in this case due to the close observation, lack of sound and vanishing of the object.  He did speculate a bit about some advanced experimental aircraft due to the close proximity (about 55 miles) of the Lockheed facility located within Dobbins AFB north of Atlanta.   The above described craft remains UNIDENTIFIED to this day.  On 20Sept05, during routine review of the various reports at NUFORC, this writer noticed the witness illustration from the 2June05 St. Louis, Mo. report. The similarity of that sketch to the Fort Mountain sketch is extraordinary.  This writer is currently forwarding a copy of said Fort Mountain sketch to NUFORC for further scrutiny.   Additional reports from the Chatsworth/Fort Mountain area can be found in the NUFORC's Georgia database after 15March98. As indicated, another is due to be posted in coming weeks.   Tom Sheets/Founder-Georgia UFO Group ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Tom Sheets, and the Georgia UFO Group, for sharing this report with NUFORC.  He may be reached at <georgiaUFOgroup@webtv.net>.  Investigator indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.7523;-84.7960678571427
