2-3 red-white glowing objects pass over neighborhood in Dexter, MI then vanish.  ((NUFORC Note:  Report from law enforcement officer.;2012-07-15 22:10:00;1 minute +;2-3 red-white glowing objects pass over neighborhood in Dexter, MI, then vanish Dexter, MI:  Around 22:10hrs on 07/16/2012, my wife (45yoa) and daughter (17yoa) observed (from a second story front-facing window) 3 glowing red-white objects traveling together towards our house from the W-NW (on the horizon over our neighborhood).   Our home sits at a higher elevation where one has a view over the neighboring homes from the second story.  As the objects passed over our home, the girls ran downstairs and yelled for me to get out on the back deck. I ran out onto our deck, looked up, and immediately noticed 2 bright red-white glowing objects at about 80 degrees overhead moving silently in a E-SE direction.  They appeared to be at about the same altitude but the object on the right was slightly ahead of the other.  They held the same spacing as they continued to travel over the treetops away from the house (maintaining the same course). As they moved farther away, the one on the right seemed to get smaller faster and then disappeared.  The one on the left continued to be visible for about another 15 seconds and then also disappeared.  Just prior to disappearing, the glow seemed to move slightly in an upward trajectory before vanishing. The objects were not airplanes as there were several planes visible at the same time in the clear night sky (higher altitudes and different locations).  There were no blinking lights, just a constant colored glow.  The objects were also extremely large compared to the planes flying beyond them overhead in the night sky. The objects had a brilliant red/white glow (bright like a flare - but not a flare as there was no trajectory... just a straight steady movement from west of our home, overhead, and then eastward until gone).  The light was not from a jet engine as the brilliant red-white glow was the same when the objects moved towards us from the west, over, and away from us towards the east.  Both wife and daughter said everything was the same in appearance from the window looking out the front of the house as from the deck on the back of the house... other than at some point over our house the third glowing object vanished. The size of the objects when I first saw them from the back deck were about that of a quarter held at arms length.  As they traversed away from the house towards the horizon, they got smaller to about the size of an an aspirin held at arms length before vanishing. Shortly after vanishing, beyond where the glowing objects were last seen, I noticed a lighted object streaking across the sky (right to left) at about a 45 degree angle upwards (horizon towards the atmosphere).  It was just visible to the eye and I lost track of it behind some trees. There was no noise associated with the objects.  They were definitely closer than any planes but there was complete silence in the air. Shortly after vanishing, beyond where the glowing objects were last seen, I noticed a lighted object streaking across the sky (right to left or SE towards the N) at about a 45 degree angle upwards (horizon towards the atmosphere).  It was just visible to the eye and I lost track of it behind some trees. Surface wind conditions at the time were 0-2mph and temps in the low 80s.  The sky was clear with no moon.  No urban lights behind our home (woods). ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.3583;-83.8966
