Yellow Green and red light moves in a zigzagging pattern in a straight line above Georgia.;2011-12-15 21:01:00;Has not ended as of yet;Yellow Green and red light moves in a zigzagging pattern in a straight line above Georgia. December 15, 2011 current time 11:37 p.m. at around 9:00 p.m., I was alerted by my aunt to come out back in the yard. She had excitement and fears in her face as she said come quickly but be quite I don’t want to scare it away. Bare footed I ran out with her and stopped next to my uncle as he was on the phone with a neighbor asking,” what is it?  Do you know?”  My aunt tapped me on the shoulder and pointed.  I looked up and could see a star blinking, but at closer examination with my binoculars I seen even more.  There was a yellow light on top a green light on bottom and one red light that blinked every 3 to 4 seconds starting from the bottom to the top.  I was unable to see shapes of the craft are a number of lights it was just too far away.  I did however notice a pattern in its movement. It moved on a Y axis or straight line.  On this straight line it moved in a zigzagging manner.  Picture a line with a lightning bolt over laid on the line.  The bolt is the direc! tion of travel it moved in. I unfortunately could not see the craft actually travel as I would blink it appeared to teleport from one point to another on the bolt. Now all this is being viewed through a high powered set of binoculars. The curious part of this to me is the object would return to its place of origin.  The object never moved forward or backwards only up and down and side to side in a zigzagging manner. The three of us viewed this object between two pine trees.  The object set roughly ten foot from the top we where about 120 yards away from the pine trees.  The pines in question stand approximately 45 to 55 feet a piece.  The object was on the right side of the moon in a south eastern direction towards the Roddy, and Dubois (pronounced do-boys) area of the North Dodge county region of Middle Georgia below Cochran.  At the time I counted 4 aircraft in the sky around the area and the aircraft came in clearly than the object but at the same level as the object on a hor! izontal grid.  The odd part was during the air traffic the obje! ct stopp ed moving it was not until the aircraft moved a certain distance away that it started back to moving in its pattern. It is currently 12:17 and the object is still there in the same spot dancing happily in the Eastern sky above Georgia. If I may make a hypothesis this could be nothing more than a star or group of gases, but for a moment I would like to think that not all UFO’s or Alien life forms are like ourselves maybe an asteroids contains a life form or maybe certain stars are alive that we have yet to examine. Space could be the Ocean inversed without life forms but with large coral formations holding single cell organisms and hiding secrets.;32.4011;-83.3202000000001
