Super-bright, white, star-like object appears near the star Merak;2011-05-24 22:48:00;5 seconds;Super-bright, white, star-like object appears near the star Merak I was playing with a new android app called Spacejunk which displays a map of the night sky as you pan with the phone in real-time.   While looking toward the big dipper, I noticed a brief flash of intense, pure, white light, so I focused on spot near the star Merak at what appeared to be a larger star, three to four times larger and five times brighter (than Merak).   It faded to nothing in about three seconds immediately followed by a smokey white trail, about half a centimeter long to the out-stretched hand,   Then another flash and the appearance of another white star one-third the size of the first, which faded to nothing within two seconds. My impression was that this did not occur in the atmosphere, that it was distant, possibly a supernova.  I don't think it was a meteor because it didn't streak.  The light was diffuse, not directional or piercing, and it radiated outward from a central point.   I guess it's possible it was a meteor heading in my direction, but it just seemed too distant.   It's important to note the lack of color in the sighting no alternating green or red lights as you would see on an airplane.  I kept looking at the spot to see if it would re-appear, but the clouds rolled in fifteen minutes later, so I had to stop looking. I made an animation of what I saw here:  http://i.imgur.com/pYsLT.gif;30.339;-97.5234
A glaring bright light which moved slowy towards us (E) for approx. 1:00 then it began to turn and move away for 4:00. The light w;2013-10-04 00:34:00;5:00;A glaring braght light which moved slowy twards us (E) for approximately 1:00 then it began to turn and move away for 4:00.   The light was a bright glaring yellow at first which began to get dimmer and dimmer as it turned and moved (N) finally ending in a small red dot which then disappeared.   The object flew relatively close to us making no sound at all and moving to slow to be a plane.   There was absolutely no clouds, it was a perfextly clear night.The object emmited no blinking navigation lights as found on a plane.;30.339;-97.5234
