Triangular UFO in EARLY 1980's...;1983-06-15 22:30:00;15 Minutes;Triangular UFO in EARLY 1980's... Dear Mr.Davenport,... At your request as heard on the ART BELL radio program on 2/5/01, I am sending you MY UFO story...IT IS TRUE... I don't remember the exact date, but I AM POSITIVE it was in the EARLY 1980'S... My best friend and I, in our early 20's at the time, decided to go Back-Roading on a clear Summer, weekday night around 10:30 PM... We were out driving the country roads surrounding Red Wing, MN., traveling East in the vicinity of Whiterock, MN. when I, (The Passenger) , saw an unusually bright light, approximately 500-1000 Ft. Up & 1-2 Miles North of us, that seemed to be moving South VERY slowly... We pulled off to the side of the road, turned OFF the engine, and got out of the car to get a better look... The Object  was now almost directly above us and STATIONARY & the bright light was now gone... We listened, but could hear NO SOUND at all coming from it... It appeared to be TRIANGULAR and very dark, If not Black...(Please Read On)... I took some small binoculars out of the glove box and looked at the object closer... I SAW a definite TRIANGULAR shape, but slightly angled inwards at the back, like the back end of an arrowhead... I also saw 5 LIGHTS on the Bottom of the object...Each a DIFFERENT COLOR, arranged in a CIRCLE, with the lights placed at points as the points of a star shape would be within a circle...The lights did NOT blink or fade On & Off... I don't know what this thing was, but I DO know what it WAS'NT...A Plane OR a Helicopter... It just stayed there in the sky STATIONARY for approximately 5 MINUTES, and then SLOWLY moved Northwest... We got back in the car and followed it at about 10-20 MPH...to 40-50 MPH...Then to 80-90 MPH... It still outpaced us moving off Northwest untill within 30 seconds or so, it could not be seen... We slowed down & went back home feeling Thrilled, Spooked, & Thoroughly Mystified... We told only our close friends & family about the sighting, fearing ridicule, and went on with life having no answers on the subject... Within a week we were busy trying to convince ourselves it HAD to be a plane or a helicopter, and we were starting to believe our excuses... A week after that, on the FRONT PAGE of our local newspaper, the Red Wing REPUBLICAN EAGLE, were sketches of the very object we had seen 2 weeks before... Apparently several eyewitnesses had seen this object floating at tree top level at various spots in an around Red Wing,MN. where we live... Needless to say, that ended our excuses...But, to this day I am sill left without answers... As I said, this sighting happened in the EARLY 1980's, and with a little help from our local newspaper, mabey you could get the exact date... Or they might still have the newspaper archived... Also, mabey ART BELL would be interested in this TRUE Story...?? Feel free to forward it to him if you like... Thanks for listening & the IMPORTANT job you do!!;44.5548;-92.5467
Three orange lights in a triangular formation moving west to east and then east to west across the sky.;2013-04-04 21:04:00;3 minutes;Three orange lights in a triangular formation moving west to east and then east to west across the sky. My Son was out on our deck and saw three orange lights in a triangular formation moving east across the sky, by the time I got out there is was gone. We sat out on the deck and a short time later (maybe 10 mins) it came back moving west at a fairly medium steady pace. We were a little freaked out so we ran in the house.;44.5548;-92.5467
about 3 a.m. I observed a bright triangular-shaped object in the western sky moving north to south.  Disappeared in 2 min.;2019-03-01 03:00:00;2 minutes;about 3 a.m. I observed a bright triangular-shaped object in the western sky moving north to south.  Disappeared in 2 min. I woke up around 3 a.m. and looked out to see if it was still snowing.  I saw a bright light in the western sky.  I first thought it was a bright star or planet.  Then I realized it was moving very slowly.  The light was clear, and not pulsating.  That’s when I realized the object was triangular in shape, heading from the north to the south.  By the time I realized what I was seeing it vanished.  After daylight I looked towards the area where I had seen the object.  It had been heading towards and behind a large electrical power pole.  When it disappeared, I first thought it had moved behind one of the nearby hills.  In daylight, I realized there were no hills it could have gone behind.  Just bare trees, through which you could have still seen the light.  I told my husband about this later in the morning.  He didn’t think it odd, because he’s said for years that he sometimes saw strange objects in the sky when he worked 3rd shift at a gas station in his teens and twenties. Just so you know, this isn’t the first time I’ve seen a UFO.  When I was in high school back in 1966-1967, I was practicing with the marching band on the football field after school in broad daylight.  All of a sudden, a cigar-shaped object floated across the sky at nearly tree top level.  The band member next to me saw this, too.  Both of us stopped and stared at it while the rest of the band made a left turn and continued marching west.  This object was in the eastern sky heading west.  Again, it just vanished after about a minute.  Neither one of us spoke to each other about this, but we both had shocked looks.  A few months later, someone from Project Blue Book was on KMOX radio, and asked for people to call a secure line if they wanted to report something unusual that they had seen.  My mom called, and a representative came to our house and took my statement. I’ve lived by airports my whole life, so I’m well aware how planes and helicopters appear in the night sky.  Neither one of these objects I observed was a plane or a helicopter.;44.5548;-92.5467
