UFO w/ green lights seen just above tree tops at night in or near New Egypt, N.J.;1993-07-10 02:00:00;Approx. 4 minutes;UFO w/ green lights seen just above tree tops at night in or near New Egypt, N.J. Describe the lights: Could only see the lights. This was seen at night around the time of 1:30 - 2:15 a.m.   There were many round lights and they were all green. Not blinding and could make out the pattern of the lights as well as the shapes of the lights very well. Object seemed to be round by the way the lights were set up. Green lights were round in shape and the center rows seemed to go around the object. Also remember there was more or just one more light near the top of the center row and one at the bottom of the center row of lights. A very close sighting and lights were seen clearly. Object was just below tops of trees and behind one set of tree line. I was driving home on a road at night where there are at times very little to no traffic. A road where there are woods on both sides and not many homes built. I think these woods that go along this long stretch of road (I think which is 538 or 539) are reserved by the McGuire Air Force Base, since they occasionaly have trucks travel to and from these dirt roads that come off of this particular road. It was around the time of 1:30 to 2:15 a.m., was so long ago, do not remember the exact time. As I came around one bend I noticed a green light to the left side of the road in the woods near the tops of the trees that were closest to the road, up ahead of me. I started thinking to myself as I was driving closer who would be playing with something this late at night like that or when did this light source get built and put up here... When I got closer, I slowed down to a crawl, while looking upwards towards the top of the tree line, I eventually stopped the car and rolled down the window. I stared at it in puzzlement. I could see the tree branches silhouetted in front of the many green lights of the round object. This is where the most shock kicked in. After I had stopped and was looking at it.... I just started to realize that something was'nt right and started to realize that this object was actually getting lower and was 'very' slowly moving downwards behind the set of trees. I was directly across from the object that was lowering from behind the set of trees. There was 'no' sound that could be heard from the object, and I was pretty close to the object. Panic set in and I said a few words out loud, which I won't write here. And I slammed my foot onto the gas pedal to leave as quick as possible, I could not drive well, my arms and whole body was shaking. As I was making my way down the road away from where the object was, I looked in my drivers side door mirror, and I saw car headlights coming from around the bend, just before where I was stopped at, and also saw that the object with green lights was no longer there. I did not see the lights any where. Sorry this is so long. And I kept this and another event to myself because I did not know there were so many others seeing u.f.o's until years later when I started to read up about so many other events that others had witnessed. Never knew of it much until I got a computer and was able to read up on information. I would also like to add that I am in excellent mental health, high IQ, never had done drugs, nor alcohol, nor have ever had hallucinations, and I was not tired that night. This is being told in absolute truth. And would be nice to know if any others had spotted this green lit up object in that area as well. 2 years later on another night, the same 'exact' object with green lights appeared again I think in June. In the same area but not in the exact spot, maybe 1 mile further from the first time. This time I was going to head on over to a friends house, I took the same road, but for some reason while driving there I decided that maybe I'd go visit my friend another time, and decided to turn off onto another back road to turn around.  Well this weird feeling came over me, I don't know why, (I'm in amazement as I write this still now.) As I was slowing down on this other road which has no street lights on it, I looked into my passengers side door mirror, I almost had me heart failure, I caught a glimps of green lights this time much higher in the night sky and the moon was almost fool this night. The object was again stationary in one spot maybe 2 tree lengths up above the tree line. This object and the moon were not that far apart, I remember seeing the moon to the right as I was looking above the trees and the green lit up object farther to the left. Once again, I was the only one on these two roads at the time. This time I was thinking Oh my God, Oh my God, I don't believe this and It's back again, with some curse words, and of course panic set in again, and I quickly pulled my vehicle over to the side of the road to make a quick u-turn to go back to the road I had come off of. Which means I was turning around to head some what towards the object, because it was the only way I knew of to get back home. Again, I had slammed on the gas after I made the sharp u-turn and was driving quickly. After I made the u-turn in panic, I got myself to look up (to the left side now, above the trees), and saw no green object, only saw the moon. A second after looking again and not seeing the object I saw car headlights up ahead coming from the road I was heading back to get onto.  I made it back home, and said to myself, why when I'm on that road and that thing has to show up are there no other cars around, but when ! another car was coming around the object would disappear or it's lights would go out... I did'nt take that road again for a long time, I changed my route. These days, I am now a professional photographer, but I wish I was then and wish I had a camera on me. I am a 29 Yr. old female. If there are any questions, I can be contacted through email.;40.0707;-74.5069
