Giant rectangular craft (resembling an upside-down aircraft carrier) over highway near Saratoga, NY.;1994-10-10 18:30:00;2 minutes;Giant rectangular craft (resembling an upside-down aircraft carrier) over highway near Saratoga, NY. I am reporting this several years after the fact.  Mostly because I just recently had the experience of seeing an object in the sky that I logically could not explain, and being a person who requires empirical evidence to label something properly in my inner database.   The only other event in my life (I'm 42, retired Air Force officer) that comes close is the one I am about to recount.   I was in the passenger seat of my fiance's car as we drove North on I-87 (the Northway) in the fall of 1994 and we were just approaching the Burnt Hill's exit (I believe Exit 11?) at dusk.  We were talking about our college classes from that day and I was looking straight ahead as we approached the overhead highway sign indicating the upcoming exit.  Traffic was relatively heavy (three lanes, full but moving) and as I looked straight ahead through the space under the highway sign, I initially thought I saw a sky full of stars.  This struck me as strange because the sky was not even fully dark yet some light was still visible on the horizon.  As this thought began to strike me as odd, I quickly realized that the lights were slowly moving, up and to the left.   I stopped in mid-sentence and said to my fiance: Do you see that?  The sky ahead of us is moving! and we both watched as a giant rectangular shape (what I have always though of as resembling an upside-down aircraft carrier) was moving across the sky... very low (maybe 200-300 ft) and completely silent.  Not even a vibration from an object of that size, which he and I were both familiar with as aircrew members with many flight hours and time spent on the flightline.  We both watched as we continued to move in traffic and I asked him to please pull over into the median (we were in the far left lane) and he did try but we were at a point where the grassy median had very steep sides and he was worried that we would get stuck.  As he continued to drive and watch the road,! I climbed over into the back seat to get a better view from t! he back left side of the car.  I watched as this giant object with hundreds of small lights (randomly placed, like looking at a city) continued to move off over an area that was mostly farm fields (at that time, at least).  Remember, this was a time before the internet was a thing and people didn't carry cell phones with cameras.  We were just left to ponder this and check the news to see if anything came up to verify what we (and probably a hundred other commuters) had seen that night.  I haven't shared this info openly while I was still in the military due to my top secret clearance, and my now ex-fiance is still in the military and similarly concerned about talking.  But I am absolutely positive that I saw this massive, amazing object and cannot begin to explain its existence in any way that could fit with conventional knowledge of today's aircraft capabilities.;42.9339;-73.8993
