Red glowing disc moving at high velocity low to the ground, without a sound.;1998-04-15 02:30:00;2 seconds;Red glowing disc moving at high velocity low to the ground, without a sound. At about 2:30 am I was driving home from my girl friend's house. The streets were very quiet at this hour. I was on the west side of town driving east. Suddenly, dead ahead, I witnessed a red flat glowing disc, approximately 1 cm at arms length, race north across the visible sky towards Mission. Since Abbotsford is home to an international airport I was used to seeing and hearing many types of aircraft at many different alltitudes in under different conditions. I estimated it's altitude to be 250 feet, and it's speed at about 700 miles per hour. I instantly slammed on the breaks, stopped the engine, and got out of the car as quickly as l could, to catch the sound of crafts engines. There was no sound however. Abbotsford is situated in a valley surrounded by mountains. That is how I managed to gauge it's speed and alltitude. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));49.049909178744;-122.299892270531
Slow moving Saturn like saucer witnessed over Mission, BC from Central/Western Abbotsford;2006-05-02 05:12:00;10 minutes;Slow moving Saturn like saucer witnessed over Mission, BC from Central/Western Abbotsford My Fiance & I were on our way to work this morning, pulling out into the street outside our condo, driving north.  When almost immediately, I noticed an object that looked, to my first thought, like Saturn and it's rings.   I quickly dismissed this as A: the object appeared to be the size of the moon in the morning's sky, and it was far too low and to the north of us (appeared to be over an area following the Fraser River, or the mountains in behind Mission, BC, well to the north of us).   As we stopped at the intersection for a left turn, I watched the object closely as it slowly moved through the sky (moving west to east).  Noticing for the first time a single flashing light on the upper ceiling of the object (similar to those found on aircraft).  Other than this one flashing light on top, it was illuminated only by the rising sun (which was still blocked by mountains for us at ground level).   Drving along the main road through the city westbound, I kept watch between buildings for it.  My Fiance, who I'd pointed the object out to while stopped at the intersection, and I saw it continue slowly eastward.  The Second time that I got a good look at it, it had lost it's saturn effect, my guess is that it had been banking towards us at the time, and you could see the ring edge on.   I spotted the object a third time while driving, but we had driven far enough westward, and it moving eastward that the sunlight effect was't occuring anymore because of the object's position between the sun and ourselves.  It looked more like a dark blob in the dawn sky.   Belatedly, about a minute later, I recalled that my fiance had a camera phone and that I'd been too busy watching the object to even think that we could have taken a picture.  I've seen enough planes & jets & blimps in the many years I've lived in the city here, and I've never seen anything remotely like it. It was too slow to be an airliner, nor was it the correct shape.  With the annual airshow at the city's airport, I've seen everything from the Avro Vulcan to the Stealth Bomber.   I also rules out being some kind of blimp, as I've seen plenty of those every time the goodyear blimp has made flybys of the airshow.  We've also had our fair share of hot air balloons (Remax typically is the one flying around) but they're easy to spot because of the flame providing heat for lift.  I don't know what it was, hence I guess, the reason why they call them unidentified flying objects. But the usual suspects can pretty much be ruled out.  Short of it being some funky blimp or hot air balloon, which I've seen both and neither of which appears or behaves like this object did.   But I know I'll be keeping my eyes to the skies more frequently now.;49.049909178744;-122.299892270531
abducted by circular ufo while camping;2009-02-02 04:00:00;~6 H;abducted by circular ufo while camping  I was camping in the Abbotsford outskirts area very late one night, and I was having issues sleeping because of my back, I was sitting outside by the campfire, when all of the sudden I felt an odd rumbling sensation in my abdomen.  Compelled by this strange feeling, I picked up my flashlight and looked around the local area. I found nothing, and I decided to go and sit down again. I sat there for the next 20 minutes,with a growing feeling of uncertainty and discontent washing over me. That's when it happened. The air around me grew very warm, a high pitched sound reached my ears.  Unsure of what was happening, I stood up.  A bright light, with a red tint to it surrounded me.  I felt myself loosing consciousness, and I fell to the ground. I drifted in and out of consciousness, each time I awoke, I remember seeing a bright light and blurry silhouettes all around me. The most apparent thing to me was that the figures were very short, no taller than a meter or so, and the table I was lying on was very close to the ground. I remember that occasionally the abductors would speak to each other, always in a high-pitched, rushed sort of way. Many hours later, I woke up. I was outside. I stood up, and I felt dizzy. Stumbling, I looked around the small clearing I was in. I finally found my tent, after walking around for nearly 15 minutes. I wasn't exactly sure of what happened. I packed up my tent, and other camping gear as fast as I could. I drove back to my house and went to bed. My dreams were disturbed with strange dreams of symbols I'd never seen before, as well as that same strange high-pitched noise I heard the previous night. Since then, I had a psychological evaluation done, and it came out completely fine. I am thoroughly convinced that I have come into contact with extra-terrestrials of some kind. Before that incident, I was like many people, a skeptic. I write this now as a believer, one who has experienced abduction, and has to live with it's horrible repercussions for the rest of my life.;49.049909178744;-122.299892270531
