Object over New Orleans streaked out of sight in a flash followed with a sonic boom.  ((anonymous report));2007-10-02 01:30:00;<30 seconds;Object over New Orleans streaked out of sight in a flash followed with a sonic boom. This morning at 1:30 am I walked outside my house with a friend and he made a comment about how clear the sky was. When I looked up we both saw a bright flash of light and something streaked across the sky toward the southeast followed by what could only have been a sonic boom. It happened so fast we were both stunned. We couldn’t believe what we saw. If it were something man made it was incredibly fast. It disappeared out of sight too fast for us to see what it was. It looked like a shooting star only going out of the atmosphere. Flash streak BOOM! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));29.9939339869281;-90.1659614379085
I do not know how to use cut and paste so I hope this gets through anyway because it is the only way I can do it. I left a brief messag;2015-08-07 22:35:00;20 minutes;I do not know how to use cut and paste so I hope this gets through anyway because it is the only way I can do it.  I left a brief message on the phone line on Aug. 14th at approx. 15:30. On the evening of Aug. 7, 2015, my wife and I were sitting on our sofa watching tv and of course had the air conditioning running full blast because we have had six weeks in a row of 90 degree or higher temps every day with very little rain.  It's hot even at night.  Having these items on makes alot of noise in the house so it is a bit difficult to hear what is going on outside.   That being said, we began to hear a noise that we could not identify.  It was a pulsating noise , fairly loud that can best be described as moaning and gringing and almost like the sound that the alien crafts made in the new version of the movie war of the worlds.  It was very creepy for sure.  Just about the time we were aknowledging to each other that we heard this sound, an extremely, and I mean extremely loud jet engine noise came roaring out of the northeast, came right over our house, but did not pass by as a plane normally would.  Instead it stayed for at least 10 to 15 seconds, then slowly moved away to the west just a bit.   Our home is located in Metairie, Louisiana, about 15 miles to the West of New Orleans and the New Orleans Louis Armstrong Airport is about 5 miles due West of us.  This sound scared us to death.  We both instinctively ducked down as we thought for sure a plane was going to crash into our house.  I ran out my back door as my wife ran to the front of our house to look out of our bedroom window.  When I got in my yard and looked up I saw absolutely nothing, but could still hear very lound jet engine noise like that of an F-16 fighter.   I am retired from a 32 year career with a major airline here in New Oleans and have been around jet aircraft all my life.  I know what an airliner sounds like and I know what one would sound like just normally on approach to land at the airport.  This was NOT an airliner.  I also know that military craft are not allowed to do routine training over a dense populated neighborhood such as ours and if they fly over at all the ceilin! g should be around 1500 feet or so.  Knowing these facts as I d! o, I sti ll could not identify what it was I was hearing.  The pulsating sound could still be heard and the jet engine sound was now moving back and forth from East to West and West to East as if fighter jets were chasing each other.   Not being able to see anything from the back yard, I ran back inside to find my wife shaking and scared to death looking out the window.  She still could not see anything, but told me that the pulsating noise was really scaring her.I stayed with her for a few minutes and then ran out to my front yard. Now it really got interesting.  Once in the front I could see more sky but still not any craft at all in the sky.  My UFO witness report does not come from a sighting but rather a hearing. the pulsating noise got lounder and then softer as if to pulsate in and out or back and forth.  The jet engine noise was so load that I was waiting to see an explosion and fireball any second figuring that what ever it was had to be in trouble or out of control.   All of the dogs in the neighborhood were barking and the cats were screming.  The sounds gradually drifted further west toward the airport and started to sound as if they were going in a huge circle just like a ferrous wheel would do.  And as the sound circled it still got loud then soft......when we first heard the jet noise I would estimate that it was no more than 200 feet off the ground.   I was shaking in fear so bad that my knees buckled and I almost fell to the ground.  Very very slowly this grouping of sounds drifted more to the West, until they faded out of my hearing.  I slowly managed to walk myself back inside to consult with my wife. We sat down and compared what we had experienced but neither of us had the composure to call the police or anyone to report this.  I tried to contact a couple of neighbors by text not wanting to wake anyone with a phone call at 11pm but got no responses. I run a small lawn business since I retired from the airlines, and most of my customers are in a 10 mile radius of our house.  As I saw them during this week, I asked them all the same question and only got the first few words out before every single one of them without fail stopped me by instantly blurting out almost identical stories.  I would ask, Oh, by the way, last Friday night around 10:30 did........ and that is where I would get cut off.  ALL of them would then say the same thing...I heard a very strange noinse, I thought a jet was going to crash into my house, I heard a weird pulsating noise, and I was too scared to evern go outside to see what it was....... I have spoken to over 15 people now and all are verly puzzled by this event.  Two women actually did see something and they described it as follows. We saw what appeared to be 5 F-16 fighter jets flying in CRAZY , INSANE PATTERNS.......  Hmmmm.  When I told one of my sons who now lives out of town he told me that a friend of his who lives near us, on two different occasions in the past year, has seen orange globes in the night sky flying in a triangle pattern over our neighborhood....... I know from my background in the aviation industry that military jets are not supposed to fly over our houses that low.  I also know that when they would practice touch and go at the airport it would be two of them in a pair but never five all at the same time.  Calendar Air Force Base is about 20 miles from our house in Belle Chase, Louisiana, and could have sent up the jets. I reported this to my councilman since it happened in the air space over his district, but I have not heard any response from him.  I also reported to a local news channel but have not heard a thing back from them.  Regardless of wether or not I get responses back from them, I do know that five F-16 don't just buzz rooftops and fly in crazy insane patterns over residential areas as a matter of daily training or normal missions.  But yet there they were, flying in a frenzy over our heads for some reason.  What were they chasing?;29.9939339869281;-90.1659614379085
Loud aircraft heard incredibly close above home.;2018-01-15 00:00:00;<5 minutes;Loud aircraft heard incredibly close above home. This morning around midnight, I awoke a few minutes before I heard an incredibly loud aircraft pass over my home.  I live in what's considered Old Metairie, Louisiana, near the Causeway and there's quite a bit of noise outside--day and night.  With the highway being so close there's constantly the drone of cars and 18-wheelers passing, not to mention I also live about 15 minutes from the airport so I'm used to hearing planes as well.    Last night was different though. I woke up a couple minutes before it happened in a short coughing fit (it's flu season and I'm getting over it now) and laid in bed in silence with my dog before I heard what, at first, I thought was a helicopter approaching.  I say it sounded like a helicopter because it was almost a pulsating whirring instead of a steady building of noise like an airplane.  But my heart started to race because it seemed like it wasn't passing at all and instead was getting closer and louder until I certainly thought, at the volume it was at, there's no way it couldn't be right above the neighborhood.    I couldn't bring myself to look outside and see for fear of seeing anything other than a plane or helicopter, and instead I laid there holding my breath waiting for the noise to subside.  After about two minutes or so it did but not without me trying to justify in my head what would have taken it so long as any other aircraft takes only seconds to pass no matter how close it sounds.  I'd like to add that I also grew up on a military base so I'd consider my ears incredibly accustomed to the noise of training exercises and transport at all times of the day, but I couldn't shake the feeling last night that it was something I had never heard here before.;29.9939339869281;-90.1659614379085
