Strange light on mountain, power outage in house, then flew over our vehicle.;1974-06-30 23:00:00;3 minutes;Strange light on mountain, power outage in house, then flew over our vehicle. To begin, this area had been visited, by UFOs, a few times prior to my eye witness account. A group of high school friends and myself had planned a “jam” at one of the musicians house, about 7 miles from the city of Bedford, VA.  He had been working on his house for a few years, and was ready to break it in with a full-on jam.  We were told, by the owner, that he recently saw a strange light near the top of the mountain, in a small clearing near the top.  (There are no roads that anyone could drive to reach this location).  He also had seen a UFO at the base of the mountain, on the road that leads to his driveway, in a large pasture, maybe only 100 yards away, but didn’t like telling people about the experience. As we drove up his mostly rocky driveway, and I saw a light where he had been telling us about.  We didn’t really say anything, just unloaded our equipment, set up, and began to play some music.  Maybe 30-40 minutes passed and the power went off in the whole house, right in the middle of a song. We froze and didn’t make a sound.  It was pitch dark in the room.  The owner scrambled and found a flashlight so we could see and set our instruments down, then he just yelled out, “we have to go now”!   I noticed he was holding a shotgun.  We starting running to the cars, but all of us jumped in one vehicle.  I was shoved in the back seat in the middle so I missed the fly-over. Now, this is the part where everyone was in survival mode and frantic at the same time. I am usually the driver in all situations, because I like being in charge, but not this time.  The next memory I have is being back in Lynchburg, and getting dropped off at my parents house.  That’s it! No memory of the ride, nothing.  I have a great visual memory when it comes to driving. The event only lasted a few minutes. Recently, this year, 2012, I confronted two of my friends that were there, and the stories are a little different.  One friend that I still play music with, did see the fly-over, but not I.  One other person, the owner, remembers nothing now of the event but still remembers the other times he has seen lights on the mountain, and flying around the mountain making no sound.;37.3155;-79.5335
