I saw two reddish orange balls of light fly over head.;2011-09-02 20:22:00;approx 1min;I saw two reddish orange balls of light fly over head. On september 2, 2011 I was walking my 2 golden retrievers before retiring for the evening.  I was at the end of our drive way with one dog and had turned to look towards king about 3/4 mile away. We do see military as well as civilian aircraft at night as well as the occassional space station and other satelites sightings but what happened next, I had never seen before. Several evenings before I was out with the dogs and had seen the space station go over,kind of just plowing along in all its shiney silvery radiance. At 9:22 pm sharp I saw a bright redish orange ball of light heading from west to east along county road QQ .The night was rather hazy with broken clouds through which stars could be seen.The ball of light seemed to be traveling about the same speed that the space station travels when it goes over and even the local foundry jet appears to be going about the same speed visually as its going to land but why reddish orange ? The ball of light got pretty close to my location when it made a turn and headed due south and as it did the color didnt change it stayed reddish orange . At this time from over a willow tree in my yard another ball identical to the first one came over the tree,then right over me also headed from West to East and as the other object was now headed South,the one that just went over me now turned slightly and headed I would say in a south south East direction and also never changed in color as it passed over head.Niether one of the red orange balls made any sound at all ! At one point two cars headed west and I thought they would stop and watch but continued on into king. Having been a photo interpreter in the USAF during the 1960's and having also been stationed at a fighter wing I have seen hundreds of jets taking off and landing and many after burner runs and believe me.a fighter makes alot of noise,especially when they some times would take off two abreast. I couldnt make out any particular shape other than they were round reddish orange balls of light and the size was very similar to when you see a jet with its landing lights on coming toward you from perhaps3/4 to 1/2 then 1/4 miles. It struck me that it almost seemed like the lead ball of light had a wing man traveling about 1/4 to 3/4 miles paralell. It took a long time to finally get to sleep and I now see them in my mind constantly-Oh yes-I was shaking like a leaf and still am.Any clue as to what they were or where from is a mystery.;44.3476000000001;-89.1116000000002
Brightest object in the sky next to the moon.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly Venus in the western sky?  PD));2020-02-28 21:00:00;45 minutes;Brightest object in the sky next to the moon. Took the dogs out to do their business, noticed a brighter than normal light near the moon. Other than the moon it was the brightest thing in the sky, yellowish to whiteish in color, heading in a west by northwest direction.  Seem to have pulses in brightness and sometimes turned reddish in color.  Seemed to be moving slow but still progressed far in a fair amount of time.  Called my wife out and she saw it right away and we both filmed it on our phones.  The further west it went the more in started to dip into the tree line.  Standing as still as possible I could watch it get blocked by a branch only to appear on the other side of it rather quickly.  With the light facing me and the fact that I know it was headed west I ruled out a plane but, as a side note I did see a plane traveling north and could hardly see its light but could clearly see the red/green lights flash in normal fashion.  Also, the distance versus the size didn’t add up at all to me.  One more thin! g I should add there also happened to be a shooting star to the north the drop off towards the west but, nowhere near the object in the sky.;44.3476000000001;-89.1116000000002
