A white ball of light made several appearances of the course of several months while taking many shapes.;2007-01-25 22:00:00;5 months;A white ball of light made several appearances of the course of several months while taking many shapes. 1a. It started when I was in the backyard and noticed a star in the middle of the day that looked like the light was reflecting off the clouds above it. Bottom purple arrow shows my line of vision 1b.  Later that day on a drive to DeKalb my  grandmother remarks to my grandfather that the star in the field looks like the thing that was over the house.  I look out and see that strange looking star again and ask where they saw it.  Their stated location is the upper purple arrow.  We observe it at approximately the same time. 2.  Sometime later my grandmother tells me that there is this light flying in the field behind the house.  It is night time and upon arrival I can see what looks like this approximately 10 ft ball of light flying back and forth in the field.  She thought it was a remote control helicopter or plane.  We go to the edge of the field and realize, we can't hear anything.  It is approximately 100 or so feet from us. It's a silent ball of light. Brown arrows pointing left and right show direction. 3.  At home one night I go to grab an apple, realize my hands are dirty, set the apple down, and go to wash them.  As I'm washing I hear a crunching noise and look back at the apple, which now has a bite in it.  I look down at my hands and they are wrinkly as if they have been under water for quite some time.  Edges of apple are slightly brown. Mouth that made the bite is smaller and wider than anyone in the house.  Ufo activity not yet suspected. 4.  I'm in my backyard at night and see the light again, except this time it's above the trees. It looks like some viscous liquid light is sloshing from side to side and drops from it, down into the forest below and then it begins to spin like Sonic the hedgehog.  Today we would say it looks a little like ferrofluid. The spinning ball of light proceeds to fly a certain distance through the trees and disappears. The red Dot and line show it's approximate position and direction (left to right). I get my grandmother but by this time I'm just pointing at what looks like a star. 5.  It is now dead of winter 2007, approximately 8-10pm. The sequence of the last few months has had me wondering what is going on. I'm standing at my back porch sliding door and wonder aloud, Are you out there?.  Out in the woods where the ball previously travelled through the woods, starting from the right most position, a ball rise and becomes brighter as it rises maybe 10 feet.  Hard to say since it was so far away.  It drops down getting dimmer till it is completely dark and then rises again, getting brighter as it rises.  When it gets to the top of the oscillation, it moves left to the halfway point, in a very smooth straight path at about a ft a second. As it's dropping from it's high position I turn my head down and close my eyes to make sure something is misfiring in my eyes.  It has reach the topped off the second oscillation and is now moving left to it's left most position and drops down, getting darker till I can't see it anymore. What happened next is about what you would expect.  I called people screaming that there was a giant ball of light in our backyard and someone needed to come with me to see what it was. I wasn't going by myself.  They responded pretty much how you would expect. After some research I found a description on the glow of light for high resistance capacitors giving off a whitish golden glow, matching the description of what I saw. 6. After a couple months, things have appeared to calm down.  I'm looking out the back po rch window and get the courage to go out into the woods.  It is late afternoon. As I'm walking through the cornfields (black arrow in #6), I see a man walking parallel to me (yellow line in #6).  He is starting at the floor, walking directly parallel to me.  My first thought is that he looks like my cousin, except shorter. He never looks up.  Never acknowledges I'm there.  Creeped out, but too curious to turn back, I proceed forward.  He walks all the way into the woods, parallel to me. Once in the woods, I realize this was all a hallucination.  The trees are too thick for anything to fly in there, let alone hover.  Coming to turns with this I keep walking and see a path. Walking down the path and dealing with the very real possibility that I may have to go see a doctor I come across a path that intersects the one I'm on.  It's the path from illustration 4. I look back and im level my porch.  In front of me is a river, and across from that an empty field.  I'm standing where it was.;42.102;-88.6865
