Helicopter like object shoot across the sky like a meteroid, as it was chased by Military Aircraft, and left a strange trail.;2003-01-23 02:54:00;Aprrox @ mins;Helicopter like object shoot across the sky like a meteroid, as it was chased by Military Aircraft, and left a strange trail. I awoke to a load nosie, of a low flying F-xx model US Aircraft, in formation with another jet. It was so close to the ground, I noted it was in the typical gray livery.  This isn't unusal howeverm  because I leave near Minneapolis Internetional Airport, that has a military base, national gaurd, and Airforce.  I glanced at the Gerneral Electric Alarm Clock which is next to my bedroom window, the Time was exactly 2:54, as the min just changed.  My window is facing north, but I can see a large view, because its the second story, towards the St. Croix River Valley.  I live on a hillside, and it is very open.  It was a clear night, with moonlight which reflected off the ice and snow.  I glanced out my window to see the typical 777, or other Northwest Airlines Airliner enroute to the airport on a decent path to MSPIA.  however, a loud sound was rumbling in the vally, the Jets were out of sight at this time.  I saw a object in the distance about 1/2 a mile away from my house.  Visabiliy was very good, and I could see River Falls, Wi, 8 miles from my house, nice and bright.  I saw, what appeared to my at the time  (and dismissed as) a helicopter, hovering with very bright lights, I thought maybe an accident was on Hwy 29, and it was the MedEvac Helocopter, but this wasn't any helicopter I have seen before.  It was very hard to makeout, but it was just one very bright light, no green and red tail lights.  As I got out of bed, and looked closer (approch the window) i noted it was a triangular thing (best way to put it) As I watched this thing hover back and forth for about one min, the sound of turbine engines got very loud, enough to wake up my dogs.  The military aircraft reversed direction in a loop and headed towards the light.  They very very close the the ground, but gained altitude quickly. As they flew over my house, the object got brighter, then shoot like a metoriod accrose the screen leaving a trail like a con trail left by a jumbo jet, however this light left a trail that lasted about 30 seconds.  A! s the Mi litary Aircraft approched the trail, they broke formation, and went out of sight.  At first I thought,  it was military training, but after I thought about it more, it was very unual.  That day, I was talking about airplanes with my friend, who lives closer to River Falls, in the Area of the craft,he saw the formation, and the light, and talked to one of his friends at the hospital, and their  MedEvac helcopter stayed ground all night.  He also saw the trail, and a glow (aura) that stayed in the area for a good 30 seconds.;44.7435;-92.7526
