Sharp turns and zig zags with this light;2006-09-01 01:00:00;five to ten minutes;Sharp turns and zig zags with this light Could anyone confirm the possibility of a satellite going overhead in the hours past midnight? We have seen this object twice and it seems to be as far up as a satellite, it moves just as fast, but it will zigzag or suddenly turn at right angles. There's no flashing lights and it's at an altitude much higher than even a military aircraft...like I asked before, it seems to be at the same altitude as a satellite but I don't think a satellite can make turns that quickly or move side to side as it's tracking across the sky. The first time we saw it was the night of the Perseud meteor shower and then again about two weeks later. It came from due north and was moving towards the south but when it got almost directly overhead, it took a sharp turn to the southeast. The second time we saw it, it stayed on a straight course but started to zig zag very rapidly for about two or three minutes. Once again, there are no flashing lights on it and it looks to be very, VERY high up. It's about the same size of any average, very bright star in the night sky and we've only noticed it (twice) in the wee hours of the morning. We also noticed an unusually high amount of commercial or military aircraft flying around in the sky on the very same night we saw it the first time. We're avid stargazers and love to be outside at night and the number of aircraft in the area just didn't look right to us.  What could it be? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  We cannot confirm a satellite overflight, unless we have an accurated time and date.  PD));31.6812;-84.1593
Bright light appearing out of nowhere and speeding off;2008-04-09 21:45:00;20 seconds;Bright light appearing out of nowhere and speeding off My wife and I were sitting in our driveway looking at the Waxing Crescent in the Western sky. To the low-right of the Moon, in the North/North-Western sky, a light suddenly came into sight and proceeded to get brighter and brighter. The light was yellow,orange and white in color.  At first, it looked like the lights of an oncoming aircraft heading directly towards us (Eastward), but the light, at its brightest point, suddenly moved in a Northern direction at a very high rate of speed and eventually faded out of sight. It's as if it just appeared out of thin air and shot off. Quite amazing! The whole thing took place in about 20 seconds.;31.6812;-84.1593
large bright light with orange glow around outside silently flew @ treetop level S.W.of hghwy 19S.;2009-01-14 21:15:00;5 seconds;large bright light with orange glow around outside silently flew @ treetop level S.W.of hghwy 19S. I was taking my dogs outside for a break and was standing on the road in front of my house when I felt like I should look behind me,my dogs suddenly ran out of the darkness and set on my feet. I looked behind me and saw a brilliantly lighted object crossing the night sky just above the tree tops.  The center was a radiant white light, the outside ring had an orange color.  There was no sound.  The object moved smoothly, quickly and silently across the sky.  It moved in a S.W. direction from highway 19 S.,it appeared to be about 300 feet away and it appeared to be bigger than---I don't know--bigger than a helicopter--it disappeared behind the trees.;31.6812;-84.1593
