Flashing red, green, blue, and white lights N. of Philly around base of a stationary aerial object with shallow cone shape;2013-03-13 22:15:00;still present @22:52/unmo;Flashing red, green, blue, and white lights N. of Philly around base of a stationary aerial object with shallow cone shape I was sitting in my living room, looking out the window into the night sky in the general direction of ENE (verified with digital magnetic compass as 105 degrees east of Magnetic North, at an inclination of approximately 45 degrees between the horizon and straight up.  I saw a prominent flashing light, which I began to pay attention to because there have been a lot of low fixed wing and rotary aircraft overflights in this area in recent days.  As I continued to watch the light, I noticed a flashing near the bottom edge, or perhaps underneath the primary light, which I have a sense of being vertical, and the light has been hovering in this position for over 35 minutes now, and is still there and unmoving, with the flashing continuing.  The lights which are flashing in an apparently random manner include red, blue, green, and white lights.  I first saw this object and the lights with my naked eye, and spotted the color flashes without any enhancement to my vis! ion.  Then, I called upstairs for my son to come down and look at the object, and at that time, while waiting for him to come down, I took a small set of 7x15 Binoculars and looked at the object through the binoculars. There also was the possible appearance of other, much smaller, moving objects, seen as white lights, approaching the object while others were moving away from the object.  These were not clear, but seemed to be occurring continuously throughout my observation. Everything I saw with the naked eye was still there, but somewhat enlarged by the binoculars.  In the last 5 minutes at approximately 2300 Eastern Daylight Time, I noticed a change in the object's position, to an inclination of approximately 55 degrees of elevation, and a lateral shift to a position further south, from 105 degrees Magnetic to approximately 115 degrees magnetic.  Upon fresh examination through the binoculars, it appears to have a shape similar to an inverted shallow cone with a broad bas! e and gradual curve to a relatively low height top to bottom, ! with the base being circular, and the lights definitely flashing around the circular shape of the base.  At this point I have been observing the object for 50 minutes, with only a verly slight, one time shift in it's position.  I will continue to observe this object throughout the evening to see if there are any significant events.;40.2442703703704;-75.6281148148148
