ufo spotted 9-19-96 on the shores of Lake Erie in Avon Lake, Ohio, United States of America;1996-09-19 21:30:00;3 minutes;ufo spotted 9-19-96 on the shores of Lake Erie in Avon Lake, Ohio, United States of America On the evening of September 19th, 1996, I was doing a mobile patrol behind the ((energy)) company in Avon Lake, Ohio.  It was a warm evening, and the lake was very calm.  I began my patrol starting in at the east gate, where we - security was ordered, and then continued on thorough the patrol in the company van.  The sky was clear and starry, and I could see where the sun had set beyond the horizon line, northwest of where I was driving along the shoreline road provided.  After I made it past the horseshoe pond on the east end of the plant's outside area, I began heading toward the west end of the plant, checking designated spots along the way.  Once I made it to the west end of the plant near the fence and public park next door, I checked around a bit and saw that nothing was wrong.  At that point, the ufo had not yet appeared.  So after I turned the van around and began to backtrack my route, I came around the west end of the roadway at the sharp turn on the west end of the plant and headed eastward, when a bright light over the lake caught the corner of my eye.  I stopped to see what it was, and there was this weird craft hovering over the water at approximately two hundred yards off shore, and about one hundred and fifty feet or so above the water.  It was super bright white and very quiet, having seven straight pertrusions coming off of the rectangle center of the craft.  Each pertrusion was exactly the same length and thickness, and each one pointed in a different direction.  For a moment, I thought it was someone playing a trick on me, so I got scared and rolled up my window.  Finally, after three minutes of watching this thing do nothing, I began to continue on with my patrol.  So I started moving the van with my foot still on the break.  I moved it about fifteen or twenty feet before I decided to stop and take one last look at the object.  When I did, it was gone!  Then I really got suspicious and began looking around the water and the pier below the cliff that I was driving! along, when I noticed something moving around by the rocks almost near the shoreline.  I saw a long black semi-cylinderical shaped object moving around down there, that turned around showing a bright white football shaped light directly toward me, as if it were looking at me.  Then suddenly, the thing turned around again, pointed upward, and darted off into the northeast sky, vanising into the stars within three seconds after it took off.  It never once made any sound or expelled any streams of fuel gasses.  After that, for about two weeks my mind was in total confusion.  I couldn't sleep, I couldn't take my mind off of the thing at all.  Even to this day, I think about it and watch the night skies.  The following year, some friends and I went back to that approximate spot to see if any other alien crafts would come down but we had no luck.;41.502;-82.0091000000001
