A single neon-blue, glowing, pill-shaped object, suspended in air, then shot (not dropped) downward out of sight.;2008-02-01 01:30:00;5 minutes;A single neon-blue, glowing, pill-shaped object, suspended in air, then shot (not dropped) downward out of sight. Blue, Glowing, Pill Shaped UFO  First, let me state that I have lived in the Gulf Coast region of Texas my entire life. The area is littered with refineries, but I know what refinery lights are and any other potential anomaly that they might affect. What I saw had nothing to do with anything related to the refineries of Southeast Texas. Sometime in the winter of 2007 or 2008, I took my three dogs out for the last time before going to bed. At the time, I lived in a townhouse.  There were only eleven townhouses, all in a row.  The fronts of the houses faced a two-lane road, and across that, a grass field about two hundred yards long.  Past the field, another two lane road, then a small refinery. When I take the dogs out, I go through the back of the town house, out the garage, and into a small field behind the townhouses.  Before even taking the dogs out, I felt nervous for no apparent reason. When I opened my garage, the nervousness turned into more of an anxious fear that grew worse.  At this time, I couldn’t see anything, but my skin tingled.  As I could see no reason for my trepidation, I continued walking my dogs down the small drive behind the set of garages.  The small dogs didn’t notice anything or act strange as far as I can remember.  But for some reason, this one time and only this time, I wanted to go back inside.  I was afraid for my dogs even. I didn’t want to be out there. I was afraid of something before I even saw anything.  And when I thought back on the incident, this fear gave credibility to what I saw afterwards. When standing behind the townhouses, obviously the field or refineries that can be seen from the front are out of sight. The night was clear, no cloud-cover. I could only see over the roofline from the field behind the townhouses. There was a vertical, pill shaped object sitting in the sky. I say sitting because it wasn’t making any noise, wasn’t moving at all. The object must have been large, but I couldn’t give a detailed size because I didn’t have a frame of reference to measure the distance. Like I said, I was looking over a roofline. I thought it must have been sitting somewhere over the refinery or in front or behind it. This gives a lot of leeway as to distance, so the size still baffles me. I can describe, however, that at the distance it sat from me, it looked about five inches vertical and about two inches horizontal (height and width). But without a distance I can’t discern size. I can say it felt large, but it didn’t move at all and made absolutely no noise. The object glowed neon-blue, the whole thing. I didn’t notice any other color lights on it. It was just one bright blue glow. I only observed it for about five to ten seconds. It was not going up or down or away or closer to me. And then, suddenly, and I mean fast, the thing just shot straight down behind the roofline. It didn’t drop like an object that would shoot straight up into the air, sit, and then fall back down to earth. It moved almost instantaneously. But I couldn’t see why it would shoot towards the ground. But again, I couldn’t see the ground below it because of my vantage point behind the townhouses. So after it disappeared below the roofline, anything else on my part would be conjecture. I did have an instant moment of panic like maybe it was coming for me. I’m not afraid of much in life, but I felt an intense fear. I made my dogs get inside. I looked out the front door window to see what I could see, nothing. I locked the doors and sat on my couch in silence with a revolver. I guess I was afraid that it saw me that’s what it felt like. It saw me watching it, then left. I know it sounds silly and childish, but I thought it might take out the witness or something like that. Again odd, ...when I was watching it outside, it felt like an actual presence. Like it could see or was watching something. But that might’ve just been the fear. I still can’t figure out why I was afraid even before I saw it. I told everyone close to me, and they all believed it. I’m not a person to make something like that up, never before or since. The whole incident is a mystery I can’t solve. Signed,  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));29.9792;-93.9545999999998
