Easter 1995 , multiple  daytime UFO visits !!;1995-04-16 13:00:00;1min;Easter 1995 , multiple  daytime UFO visits !! Watching SA spurs and for over 2 hours the TV would go completely fuzzy. So the owner of the house would go out side and turn the 15ft antenna that was on a pole. What was happening every time He opened the door, the TV would clear Up. Happened maybe 5 times in 2 hours. So  it is a sunny Easter Day around 13:00 hrs. Tv went straight fuzz instantly once again. So the home owner got up to go outside to once again turn the TV antenna. So He is standing at the door ready to go outside and was talking about something, IDK , because above the TV was a large panel of windows that I was looking out them, and from through the small forest between His house and the neighbors a 8 ft blue shape of light came out from along side of the neighbors house. Real slow ,like a walking speed. So instantly I thought it was the neighbors with a large blue tarp. It took about 3 seconds to realize that the blue wasn’t being broken up by the hundreds of the  2” to 3” thick saplings  between Me and the Object. So I am watching this form come to a stop and morph  from a large round to more of a large “D” shape was it stopped moving. So I just stared at it for a minute or so. The Homeowner ended His speech, turned around , opened the door , Blue orb took off faster than anything I have ever seen, TV came back on, I flipping screamed  at  the homeowner, “WHAT THE &@$ WAS THAT?”  He turned white as a ghost dropped His cigarette and said  “I don’t know, Was it Blue?” So I said , “Hell Yes It was blue”. He says” I don’t know, but I saw it Yesterday around His pet Pigs Pen blue in color and was the size of a basketball flying around a friends head who was trying to calm down the Pig .” Now His friend didn’t see the basketball sized orb, even though it was two foot above His Head.  OK,  full disclosure, the homeowner and His Girlfriend were pregnant at the time that this was all happening to them.;47.3407;-121.8874
