UFO? spoted chasing cattle;2002-10-15 01:00:00;5 minutes;UFO? spoted chasing cattle Last year around October my girl friend and I were fighting petty bad. We had just got to her place and instead of swallowing my pride and haveing her take me back home, I decided to walk. My home was about 12 miles away, it was a dark over-cast night with the moon breaking out now and again. I knew the gravel road very well from my childhood days of walking to town to go to a friends house, so it wasn't a big deal. Anyways, about 3 miles out I came to this, not sure how to describe it, Double 90-degree corner in the road. As soon as I came around the first 90 I herd a rummble, turned to look and saw a soft white light. At first I thought nothing of it. I just assumed it was my girl friend giveing in and searching for me along the county road. I didnt feel like being found so I hopped over the Barb wired fence and into the Cattle pasture. I knew there to be cattle in the field but, being around cattle all my life, had'nt gave it any thought. I stayed focused on the oncomeing light so I could try and tell what sort of head lights they were and so know if it was her. But the light dimmed. The rummble grew louder. I followed the sound and as it crossed a small stream in the pasture and saw a flash of light, as if the moon light had struck a smooth metalic surface of something flying not over 5 feet above the ground and only 30 yrds from me. It could'nt have been doing over 10 mph which ruled out an Air plane. So I'm thinking a Wisper, a common sight that the people of the area has seen often enough to give it a name. I get into the reason for the name in a second. Anyways, I watch the triangular object slowly fly away down the pasture when I notice the rummble still grows louder. So I turn just in time to see 50 head of cattle stampeding directly for me. Now if you have grown up around cattle you have seen cows run. I have chased cattle on a Four wheeler. They will run but it isnt like there in a big hurry to get anywhere. These cattle were running for their life. They ran strait for me, ! stoped, ran away from me, stoped turned and ran right through the fence. So naturally, I jumped the fence and got as far away from them as I could. Not a quarter of a mile on down the road I caught sight of the object again. This time it turned, gained some altitude and flew over me several times. The whole time fading in and out as the moon broke and the low cloud cover. The wind would pick up right as it would pass overhead and die as it went. It made a sound, not sure how to describe it other than radar....as if you could hear the sound a Bat emmitts to capture a bug. Another way would be to say it sounded like squeaky breaks on a car at the level of a whisper. It wasnt a plane...was flying to slow. Unless they have recently created a helicopter that could just barely seat one person but other wise incapable of lifting him off the ground due to its size and is almost totaly silent...it could'nt have been a Helicopter. Could you maybe give me some info on what this could have been? I have played it over and again in my mind for a year now and I am stumped. Please feel free to contact me by email. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have no idea what the object was, but it sounds quite interesting to us, and makes us wonder whether the sighting might have been related to a missing cow, or a mutilation case.  PD));38.309;-91.6309
