HUGE red and golden triangle object-later photographed & witnessed by a third-party in Salida, CO;2014-09-25 19:00:00;1 minute;HUGE red and golden triangle object  - later photographed & witnessed by a third-party in Salida, CO My UFO sighting took place several days after the Equinox (Sept, 2014) at sunset.  It was a very clear evening sky over the Rocky Mountain’s front range.  From my home in Berthoud, Colorado, I have unobstructed view of Longs Peak and the front range.  I watched the sunset just to the left of Longs Peak.  It was a beautiful golden sunset.   Suddenly, there was a “large laser beam of light” that came from the direction of the sunset and as it approached overhead, somewhat to the right of where I was standing, appeared a huge triangle shaped object.  It was not metallic looking.  The UFO was high in the sky at cloud level.  The object’s design was akin to ‘tinker toy’.   The three disc connectors were red and they were HUGE.  The connector pipes were long cylindrical golden tubes.  I could see clear sky inside and up through the triangle shaped object.  I froze and blinked my eyes because I could not believe what I was seeing.  I mean, I purposefully blinked. When I ope! ned my eyes, I made mental note of the red round disc connectors.  All I can compare them to is extremely large round 'red throat lazengers'.  They were kind of translucent looking but yet a solid shape.  The huge connecting tubes were like pure golden color and very long.  All three tubes were the same length – a great distance of length between the three red disc connectors.  I was stunned. I blinked, again on purpose, and there it was. It was then I thought the disc connectors looked like 'throat lazengers tablets'.  I could see no openings in the forward most red disc connector.  The thing was huge.  Very colorful. It made no sound.  I then blinked one more time and when I opened my eyes the UFO was gone.  Afterwards, I had a sense that I saw three beams and jettisoned object(s) out of the sunset.   When they got in front of my house they came to rest momentarily and then vanished.  Each beam from the sunset had the same trajectory and the UFO’s came to rest in the same spot,  high up and in front of the west side of house.  The object was five times the palm of my hand (though I didn’t perform this step in my observations).  All I can say the UFO was extremely large.  Each of red disc of the triangle was the size of an aircraft carrier, high up in the sky at cloud level.  I was confused and in shock.  It all happened in less than a minute.   I am 68 years old.  I study UFO reports, and have done so since I was a kid.  I was so confounded by what I saw it didn’t even mention it to my wife.  I told no one about it until January 2015, and again to a group of friends in Feb, 2015, when the subject of UFOs came up.   Just recently, May 29, 2015, I found this image: http://nationalufocenter.com/file/2015/04/COSedalia24Apr151.png  ...on George Filer's web site.  I couldn’t believe it.  The MUFON picture (April 24, 2015) is very close to what I saw and it was taken in Sedalia, Colorado, during a sunset!   Background:  I am a NASA life science researcher and reference to my work can be found on NASA's web site.  I've lived Berthoud, Colorado for 29 years.;40.2993;-105.1055
