Unidentified noiseless craft slowly passing by our home at very low altitude.;2012-09-01 21:30:00;5 minutes;Unidentified noiseless craft slowly passing by our home at very low altitude. This occurred just beyond CR21. I was on the porch (open type) looking to see if there were any lightening storms that might be seen coming our way as I like to take photos of lightening.  It was cloudy but puffy clouds that had openings or space between them. Something made me look up and I saw something that looked like flat black metal coming very slowly cruising above the clouds.  I saw it for about 2 minutes as it came out of one cloud and into another.  I could not believe an airplane could fly that low and have absolutely no sound.  No sound at all and no lights unless they were on top of the ship but I didn't see any beams of light in the clouds. i thought it must have been huge because I saw a large section of this ship and there was not one bolt or screw to be seen.  Yes it was low enough that I would have seen that. It dawned on me then what it probably was.  I looked out by hanging over the porch railing to see if I could see where it was going and what shape it was.  That was when I realized it was coming back towards me, from the other end of our long porch.  I thought to myself how could such a big ship turn around that fast.  I then got very nervous and stepped away from the railing of the porch to the side of the house, waited about four minutes and looked again.  It was gone. I realized only later that duh an alien ship probably does not have any screws or bolts if their ships are of high technology like the experts say.  So it may not have been as big as I thought but it sure scared me.  I don't go out on the porch anymore if those puffy clouds with space between them are up above us.  My dog was very nervous and panting and I thought she felt a lightening storm coming. After the ship disappeared, she eventually calmed down.  I also had my camera with me but I was so floored by what I saw initially and then becoming frightened,  I didn't take any photos and have been kicking myself about that since then. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.2993;-105.1055
