saw two squares moving together over Kissimmee, saw a red light moving incredibly fast over Orlando;1991-08-01 14:00:00;30 seconds;saw two squares moving together over Kissimmee, saw a red light moving incredibly fast over Orlando I have experienced two different sightings, as follows:   1.  In about 1991, I witnessed two apparently flat, square, gray objects in the sky. The objects were identical, and moved as one. As an engineer, I would estimate the objects were approximately a half-mile away from me, and were 50 feet to 100 feet wide, each. They were closer to each other than their widths. That is, they were not very far from each other. They were both vertically oriented squares, that is, they were not diamond shaped. They appeared to be without much depth, or so it seemed as I was unable to determine if they had a depth due to my viewing them straight on. The two squares appeared to me by descending from the clouds. The clouds were not very high maybe a few thousand feet. The squares descended from the clouds, to the point they were just below the clouds, then they moved to the west. I was facing south so they shifted across the sky to the right. They only moved 1000 feet or so when they stopped, remained still for a few seconds, and then receded into the clouds again. I estimate the entire sighting lasted only 30 seconds. 2.  In 1993, I was swimming alone in the pool one summer night. The weather was nice and warm and the sky was clear. I was floating on my back in the water just looking up at the stars. My body was oriented from east to west, with my feet being to the east. I noticed a red light high in the sky that appeared from my right, from the south. I began following the light with my eyes although I remained in a laying position floating in the water. The red light appeared to be a common aircraft flying high in the sky. I watched the light move toward me and thought nothing of the fact that it was an ordinary airplane or an airliner, but at this point, I gave it no thought at all – I was just watching it fly over me. When the light reached my 11 o’clock position in the sky, it stopped dead. This was very strange to me, as I know planes don’t just stop in the sky. I rose up out of the water to see if I could hear the craft, as it may have been a helicopter, but it was not making a sound. The light was not flashing. I stood in the water looking up at the still, red light with amazement, trying to figure out what I was looking at. After a few seconds of being still, the red light moved again, but not how it was moving before. Previously, the red light was moving across the night sky in a slow, steady fashion, which gave me the impression it was an ordinary aircraft flying by in the night. However, after being still for a few seconds, the red light began moving to the north again. It went from my 11 o’clock position to out of sight as if it had been fired from a gun. It zipped across the sky at what must have been thousands of miles per hour and it was out of my sight in a second, or maybe less than a second. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));28.2977674371179;-81.4296515295697
UFO sighted at night while on way home from teaching my martial arts class. Sighted as I drove through town which is a well lighted met;1999-03-18 21:10:00;one minute;UFO sighted at night while on way home from teaching my martial arts class. Sighted as I drove through town which is a well lighted metropo- litan area. UFO looked like five phosphorescent light bulbs at 11 o'clock, 12, 1, 5, and 7 o'clock respectively. Object did not have any contours like a plane would have, no flashing lights, no different colored lights. It quickly made its way across the sky in a short elliptical path, north to south, and then as if someone clicked off its lights, disappeared into a clear night sky. I could see a couple of small aircraft approaching from the east, one high and one low. Also quite evident was the usual long line of aircraft lined up in the sky waiting to land at Orlando International Airport. I will be sending a drawing ASAP. THANK YOU!;28.2977674371179;-81.4296515295697
Alien Soldier Sighting.;2013-02-22 18:00:00;10 minutes;Alien Soldier Sighting. I have waited several years to report what I saw mostly because I didn’t want people to think I am crazy.  But after finally telling a friend, then my brother and they believed me.  I have decided to go ahead and let you know what I have seen. We had just moved into a rental home Feb 2013 the backyard backs up to the woods.  I was sitting on the back porch area and it was approximately 6 pm.  At first I noticed shimmering up in the tree line approx 6 feet above the ground and I thought how odd it was like something was in front of the tree blurring it but shimmering. As I continued to stare at it all of sudden I saw the outline of an alien being.  I believe I was not suppose to be able to see it that the device that was suppose to make him invisible was not working properly or it just happened to be in the light just the right way.  It was an alien soldier.  He was not completely visible but I could clearly make out his form and face.  He was climbing something that I think was either a rope or stairs (this was completely invisible) but I could see by his movements that he was holding onto something and was using whatever it was to climb.  He kept looking around like a soldier would to make sure that he was not going to be shot at or hunted.  He was well formed muscular about 6’3 or 6’4, I’d say easy 200 lbs.  His jaw was very pronounced and squared his eyes were very round and protuded.  His face was almost skeletal looking but again I was only seeing an outline, as I believe he was supposed to be invisible. I think he knew it wasn’t working by the way he was looking around making sure he was not going to be attacked.  I was afraid to move for fear he would see me and realize I could see him.  I kept pretending to look down whenever he looked over towards my direction.  He was not moving fast as he was still climbing so I was able to watch him a good 10 minutes.  As it became a little darker I was no longer able to see him but could see the shimmering of what I believe was still him in the tree line approximately 30 feet up and now to the far left.  Then he disappeared altogether.  I did not hear or see a spaceship and he never made a noise.  I hear a lot about these little gray aliens but I can assure you this was no little gray alien this was a very dangerous looking alien.  Not something I would want to ever have to deal with in a war.  I did not see any weapons but again he was not fully visible and to be honest I was pretty scared and stunned at what I was seeing.  I wish I we! re an artist and could draw you a picture.  I did not attempt a photo I did not want it to know I could see it.   Do you know if anyone else has ever seen one similar to this, in a way it would be comforting to know that I’m not the only one.;28.2977674371179;-81.4296515295697
