I'm actually not sure of the actually date but I do know this particular event happen in August. My boyfriend and I go out looking as o;2016-08-01 23:00:00;1 hour;I'm actually not sure of the actually date but I do know this particular event happen in August.  My boyfriend and I go out looking as often as possible for UFO's and do see all kinds of activity in the sky. This night though was strange. We had been sitting outside for awhile waiting to see something, my boyfriend kind of yelled out come on let's see something!, then mins later we stated seeing what looked like little stars flying very high in the sky over our house 1st south to north then eventually north to south, we saw over 10 of these flying stars.  During all of this we all of a sudden saw a much lower triangle shaped craft that was all lite up at 1st and  then as it flew right above my house it turned all its lights off and then turned on 1 bright white light right down on my boyfriend and I and stayed there for what seemed 5 mins but it was prob more like less then a min! I was kind of scared so I backed up and then it disappea! red and my boyfriend and I saw a blue streak go across the sky, higher then where we 1st saw this craft. I don't believe we was abducted or anything but I do believe we saw an alien craft. Oh yeah there was no sound.;44.323125;-69.7687684210526
Have aliens from outside our planetary system made contact (a base of sorts) with Earthlings in the past.;2017-08-11 15:30:00;ongoing;Have aliens from outside our planetary system made contact (a base of sorts) with Earthlings in the past. This is not actually a space craft but rather a stone that has been carved in the shape of a head.  I have moved this item to a safe place but would be willing to have it examined at a convenient time and place for me  **  This is not an attempt to get money or notoriety but rather a sincere act to notify the public and or government if they are interested. ** While working in my yard I found a strange looking stone and upon closer examination, it turns out this is some type of carving, with facial features including some type of crystal where the mouth is, this is about the size of a large kitchen toaster, I have not had any test done yet, I am real busy. I am wondering if there are any experts in the field of geology, metallurgy, geo-physics or other specialized area that might be able to help identify it's origin. By the way, I do have a Master's in Psychology and am working on my second Master's in clinical Mental Health, so I am busy and would appreciate only serious inquiries, I did attempt to take pictures but because of the lighting that was available they did not come out but will take more if it is a requisite for verification of a possible encounter or landing.;44.323125;-69.7687684210526
