I was traveling west on Hwy 79 and there was a super-bright star in the sky with a light going up the back and two red lights on the si;1999-10-26 04:30:00;2hr;I was traveling west on Hwy 79 and there was a super-bright star in the sky with a light going up the back and two red lights on the sides.   It looked to be stationary, but slowly moved away. It was a super-bright light in the west with a trail of lights going upwards and 2 red lights on the sides at the bottom.  it was moving very slowly.  I called the police and they tried to tell me that it was a weather balloon.  I called one of my friends voice mail 3 times talking about it and none of them were on there.;32.1497;-94.3459
Black triangle UFO close to I-20 in East Texas;2011-07-18 23:00:00;20 minutes;Black triangle UFO close to I-20 in East Texas I was travelling along Hwy 59 North from Carthage to Marshall.  About 10 miles out of Carthage I began to see bright, white strobe lights ahead of me.  They were very bright and low to the ground.  I thought that it was a helicopter.  As I approached the aircraft, I had to slow down because I thought I was going to run into it.  As I went under it, I noticed that there was a bright, white light at each corner and one round, red light in the middle of the craft.  The body of the craft was so dark that I could not see it.  The only way that I could tell its shape was by the strobe lights.  The red light in the middle was not flashing.  It hovered slowly over my vehicle from right to left and immediately in front of me.  It made absolutely no sound.  I had rolled down my window to hear if it sounded anything like a helicopter until I noticed that by its shape and lights it was not.  It moved to the left side of my vehicle and flew beside me right above the tree! line.  I was going approximately 55 miles per hour and sped up to 70.  My window was rolled down so that I had a clear view of it.  It stayed beside me for approximately 10-15 minutes.  My three year old daughter was in the back seat and could see the aircraft also.  She was describing it as I was driving.  I looked to the right side of the road and there was another craft simply hovering above the trees.  I passed it, and soon noticed another even higher up.  It was simply hovering as well.  As I approached I-20 in Marshall, I no longer saw the triangular aircrafts.  Until that moment I had never heard of a triangular shaped aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.1497;-94.3459
