Unidentified Bright cylindrical object in the sky;2008-08-04 19:45:00;15 minutes +;Unidentified Bright cylindrical object in the sky My husband and I were returning from a movie in the next town over. As I was driving, I noticed a strangely bright light over to my right. Because I was driving and could not stay focused on it I casually mentioned it to my husband (knowing if it was just a plane he would quickly settle the subject as he is very pragmatic) He continued to watch it quietly so I kept trying to grab glimpses to see it as well. We began a discussion of what it might be: a big star??? =No, too big and close, a satellite? =No it was not moving across the sky and again seemed too close and too big...a planet?= nodefinately too big ...a plane? =No it had no other colored lights and was not growing larger or smaller during the duration of the drive like a plane flying toward you might. We were very calm and curious but both fully attentive. I pulled into the drive way and went to look where we had seen it before and it was not there but as I turned back to lock the doors of the car I realized it was now front and center above the tree line before me.Now,I was fully awake. We stood watching it for a bit. There was absolutely no sound. It appeared to be a reflectively bright metal, very roundish with a slight bluish tint. We both remained calm but my husband suggested we go inside and get a camera and binoculars. We turned to do so and saw a bluish light coming from our computer room=which would not be strange except that my husband turns things off obsessively (he is forever accidently locking me in and out of places or turning things like the TV off when I am in the bathroom) So I assure you the computer was turned off when we left for work that morning and no one was in the house all day =to our knowledge. Now we were both unsettled. We went inside quietly and brought out the camera and the binoculars. The object had moved only slightly in what I would liken to the movement that one experiences in an ocean tide...as if it were treading water and had to actively move a bit to stay in place. The camera with a telephoto lens could not pick up any details more than the naked eye but the binoculars gave me enough to reiterate that it appeared to be a craft of metal in the shape of a cylinder on end or a roundish object. I could not see any spinning or movement of the craft itself. Given the camera lens was not strong enough and the binoculars were =the distance to teh object might be estimated I would think. My husband suggested that we go inside. Both of us were on edge and when we went into the computer room. The computer was on and my husband asked if I smelled something. He thought it smelled like body odor but I felt it was more an electrical smell with biological undertones to it. The room next over also had a slightly strange scent. We then took a heavy metal flash light and walked the entire house from attic to basement and found nothing else disturbed and Thank God found nothing “unusual” in the house. We did not check on the light again as we both thought it best just to lock all of the doors and quietly go to bed and leave well enough alone.  Although I am as curious as most about UFOs and have pondered things I have seen in the sky before this was the first encounter that I have had that warrants any comment. We are pretty average people. We are both employed in corporations and work hard. We have 4 children who were all out of town at the time.;42.3822;-71.4275
Black and green sphere flying just below the clouds;2019-06-02 18:00:00;10-20 seconds;Black and green sphere flying just below the clouds. I was in the pool with my brother when I noticed a black sphere with green on it flying just below the clouds in between a couple of trees.   I did not hear it, but it vanished beyond my sight after 10 or so seconds.;42.3822;-71.4275
