Rectangular box-shaped UFO spotted northwest of Ann Arbor, Michigan in the summer of 2006;2006-07-05 13:00:00;30 seconds;Rectangular box-shaped UFO spotted northwest of Ann Arbor, Michigan in the summer of 2006 	Almost a year ago now, some friends and I were eating lunch outside one of the buildings on the University of Michigan's North Campus when I realized I was observing a small box floating near the bell tower. I turned my head from side to side to make sure it wasn't cargo being held up by a crane, or even something hanging from a nearby tree. On the contrary it seemed to not be very close to the bell tower after all but a good distance behind it, a mile or more away, and perhaps five hundred feet in the air. I pointed it out to my friends (we were all associated with the University), but by the time I got them looking in the right direction it had slowly moved out of sight into a low-hanging cloud and behind the tower. Its color was not much different than the hazy sky around it, so for all I can remember it may have actually faded out of sight entirely. 	The UFO looked like a nondescript, light gray rectangular box, slightly taller than it was wide, and it rotated slowly. It may have been quite far away, as it was not much larger than a fingernail held at arm's length. From my perspective it was just to the right of the tower, where it hovered for maybe thirty seconds (though I don't know how long it had been there before I noticed it), then moved slowly up and to the left and disappeared. My friends did not see it but during the following discussion one of them admitted having seen a similar box-shaped UFO a few years before. I don't recall the details of his sighting at this time. 	In any case some basic Google research suggests a few clues. Following the direction I had been looking, the UFO was northwest of Ann Arbor. Aviation maps reveal that the only things of any interest in that area are a public air traffic radio tower, a particularly wide section of the Huron River, and the Gooding private/restricted airspace, serial number 920-20. Most other box-shaped UFO reports I've read seemed to have occurred near a military airport of some kind, including one reported on this site from around the same time last year, here in Michigan near Sault St. Marie (which had an Air Force Station that was reportedly closed in 1981), which also occurred in broad daylight and was supposedly witnessed by several people. However there don't seem to be any current or former military bases of any kind around Ann Arbor for hundreds of miles. 	Before this sighting I was quite skeptical of all the UFO nonsense...now it seems I'm forced to take it more seriously. Maybe somebody should wander on over to those abandoned Air Force bases and do some bird watching, or if for any reason these things really do need to be kept a secret, it seems to me they shouldn't be floating their secrets around urban areas in broad daylight. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.2780656108596;-83.7357395927602
Rectangular Craft seen over Ann Arbor, Mi.;2012-02-26 19:18:00;about 2 seconds;Rectangular Craft seen over Ann Arbor, Mi. I am an amateur astronomer and since last night (2/26/12) was the first clear night since buying a new binocular I decided to go outside and star test them. I was on the back deck looking west.  Because of trees,  I can look straight overhead, a little bit to the west, and a little bit to the east. Jupiter and the Moon were westward as was Venus closer to the horizon. To the SSW high in the sky was M45 the Pleiades open cluster. At one point, I would estimate that it was about 7:18 or 19PM I was sweeping the sky just west of the zenith, when I caught sight of an airliner - probably a  Boeing 747 or maybe an Airbus A380 because it had 4 engines on the wing cruise climbing almost directly in a western direction (more later).  I could see a lot of detail including the wing tip lights, strobe light on the belly - it was lit up very well. As I was tracking this airliner heading west a silent, brownish, rectangular (about 5 or 6 times wide as it was long - flying wingish but with no appearent taper to the ‘wings’) craft flew underneath this airliner going about 15 degrees more northward but still on a westerly course.  It crossed the airliner's course in a shallow X.  It is hard to judge its speed - a lot depends upon its actual altitude - but its appearent speed seemed a lot faster.  I tracked this new craft for maybe another second or so, then it disappeared behind some trees. On the Enroute L-28 chart, there is a marked airway that goes directly over where I live simply marked 281 between Detroit Wayne County VOR and HARWL intersection which confirms that the airliner was below 18,000 feet, and this UFO was somewhere below him. Another clue was the fact that this airliner was perfectly in focus, but this UFO was a little out of focus. It was a light brown in color, rectangular shaped (no taper!), no exhaust seen (it was very clear on the airliner), no lights, silent, flying a straight course, going really fast (left the airliner like it was standing still). This is a purely visual report by just me.  But, I thought I’d report it anyway.  Just in case somebody else seen it, or maybe somebody else on that airliner made a report of it.;42.2780656108596;-83.7357395927602
