Montclair triangular shaped UFO surrounded by bright lights and shooting off lazers.;2005-07-09 21:10:00;2 min;Montclair triangular shaped UFO surrounded by bright lights and shooting off lazers. Saturday July 9th, 2005 around 9:10pm. My friend and I were coming home from a band rehersal in the city of Montclair, CA. We were heading eastbound on Arrow Hwy before Montevista Ave. to our left (north of Arrow Hwy) we noticed a large object with several bright lights around it, moving in radical directions up,down,right,left etc., at the same time it was shooting off what seemed like lazers or flares (bright red & blue in color) as it moved from one direction to another. Arrow Highway was heavy with traffic and we looked over at other cars to see if other people were witnessing the same event in the sky. My friend asked me to pull over but with traffic so heavy we didn't get the chance to do so. In less than 2 minutes the object regressed in a westbound direction out of view. It was unbelivable to see yet frightening at the sametime...My friend mentioned he had served in the USAF and commented that the object could not have been an airplane, jet, helicopter, etc. because of the direction(s) of flight and the rate of speed of the object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));34.0718;-117.6973
V shaped craft over san bernardino county viewed from montclair california.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we wonder.  PD));2011-06-02 01:19:00;10 SEC;V shaped craft over san bernardino county viewed from montclair california I just got home from work and I looked up at the sky to enjoy the clear sky with no moon shining.  As I was looking towards the western sky I noticed a cluster of lights that at first looked like the Little Dipper.  The formation got bigger and closer at a fast rate of speed, it appeared and was out of sight in less than ten seconds.  It took up as much space in the sky as a 747 would, however, it was very high up in the sky.  The Body of the craft seemed to be somewhat translucent  but not see through.  It was not a complete V-shape, the left wing was only half as long as the right.  The right wing had five lights on it and the left wing had three lights.  The lights were somewhat dim.  It was moving from west to east and vanished with no sound or trace. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we wonder.  This is the second report we have received from San Bernardino County, California, in rapid sequence, and the first message was clearly a prank report.  PD));34.0718;-117.6973
