Object raced across sky, stopped, zig zagged back and then took off out of sight. We seemed frozen, watched stopped, arm hairs stood up;1970-10-29 19:50:00;10 seconds;Object raced across sky, stopped, zig zagged back and then took off out of sight. We seemed frozen, watched stopped, arm hairs stood up. I and my neighborhood friend were only 8 yrs old at the time and still remember this as though it just happened eventhough it was 30 years ago. No other sightings or occurences have happened since. It was a crisp clear calm starry fall night. We went outside taking the trash to the bins at the curb which face east. I lifted the lid with my right arm and started to put the bag in and I was frozen. I was able to move my eyes as I saw my watch on my left arm that I was holding the lid. It was stopped at 7:50 with the second hand also stopped at 50. I noticed the hairs on my arms standing up. I glanced to my side and saw my friend looking straight out and then I looked straight out and saw the object. It was still and bright, it looked like a smaller version of a bright moon. Then it darted diagonally to the north, so fast it really just appeared at it's new location about 45 degrees to the left from when it was directly in front of us. Then it darted back straight across back to the south and to the right of us about 45 degrees again. Then it shot back diagonally to the north and kept going out of sight, it vanished. We both were able to move again as the bag dropped into the bin, I threw the lid down and we both ran back up the stairs yelling as we went back into the house. We frantically told my parents what happened but we were both brushed off as two kids with overactive imaginations. Years later when I brought this up to my parents again, my father recalled that the TV set went to snow. He got up and changed the channel thinking that just that one station he was watching temporarilly went off the air. He turned the dial and just got snow on all of the channels. He said then they all came back on and he went back into his chair. I believe my friend and I experienced missing time because my Dad had time to get up, change channels and sit back down while it only seemed like seconds to us outside.;40.6914;-73.3728000000001
