Light in the sky which moved in a way that is physically impossible for an object to move (with today's technology);2008-09-09 03:00:00;10 - 12 seconds;Light in the sky which moved in a way that is physically impossible for an object to move (with today's technology) Last night at approx. 3am (maybe 2:30am - 3am) I observed something that sent chills down my spine and really spooked me.  It wasn't anything scary that would spook anyone looking up at the night sky, but it was definatly not normal.  As I was studying for my ccna exam early this morning (my test was today btw.. and I failed in case you want to know...)I decided to take a break and smoke a cigarette outside.  I work nights so I do this all the time. When I go outside, I usually love to look up at the night sky.  Especially during this time of the year when the nights are cool and the skys are clear.  It allows for very clear viewing of the night sky and all it's glory.  Sometimes I can make out clusters of millions of stars if the night is clear enough.  Needless to say I enjoy looking up at the wonders of the universe. While smoking a cigarette last night, I observed an object shoot across the sky from left to right.  I was facing North as it moved across the sky. I've witnessed shooting stars as they attempt to enter the atmosphere and burn up.  I've also witnessed comets and what they look like before (not in person, but I've watched enough National Geographic to know what it should look like).  The thing that got me eerie about this experience was the way this light traveled across the sky.  If it was a piece of rock burning up in our atmosphere, it would have traveled much faster across the sky and been in a straight line. This light that I saw was VERY VERY distant.  In fact, if it were standing still, I would have said it was probably a star or a planet.  As it was traveling across the night sky last night, it did something that from everything I know about physics, should be impossible.  This light traveled across and made a sharp and immediate change in course perpendicular to the initial line that it was traveling when I first spotted it.  Then it made another perpendicular turn to keep going in the direction it was headed when I first spotted it.  What scared me the most was the way it shifted the direction of travel.  I'm pretty sure this light that I saw was not anything in our atmosphere, and because of the faintness of the light, I think this was out in space. I have drawn a quick diagram using just hyphens and pipes to show the trajectory of the object.  Again.. what scared me the most was how this light went from going in one direction to a perpendicular direction IMMEDIATELY.  This object did NOT leave a trail This object did not have any aura around it The object did not emit any other colored lights, didn't change color In fact, like I said earlier.. had it been still, I probably would have thought it was just another star or planet. ------| | | |-------- ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.8599;-73.1147999999999
