Large saucer, rotating lights, low hover, late night, family of 5, witnessed 1971, NJ;1971-09-15 23:00:00;10 Minutes;Large saucer, rotating lights, low hover, late night, family of 5, witnessed 1971, NJ   In approximately 1971 at 11:00 PM, when I was 5 years old, Mom, Dad, two Sisters and myself returned home from our Aunt's house in Summit, NJ. We lived in Monmouth County, NJ, not far from the Raritan Bay. Our house faced nearly due West. The night was average temperature, not hot, cold or uncomfortable. I am not sure if it was Spring or Autumn, but something tells me it was around September.  I remember my Father parking the Dodge Dart in the street because the driveway had a steep upward slope and the walkway was a more comfortable grade. It was late and we were tired.  As we made our way up the walk one of my sisters told us to look above the neighbor's house on the corner of our street, to the southwest of our house.  Above the corner lot was a large craft with white lights, apparently spinning and hovering about 100 feet above a neighbor's house, diagonally across the street. For reference, if you were to hold your hands out at arms length at the width of a Frisbee, that would be an accurate reference of the craft's size. It was very large and low to the rooftop.  We stood silently watching the saucer for what seemed to be about 5 minutes, then the craft moved directly above us, hovered for a minute, and shot due east over the house amazingly fast, - almost instantaneously. I remember not being able to see the sky while I leaned my head all the way back looking up, not hearing a sound. After the craft flew away, my Father commented “It must be some kind of advertisement”. We walked inside and nobody said a word about the event for 18 years.  Eighteen years later in October, I was with my girlfriend, now my wife, in Long Beach Island, NJ. I remember that we had been dating for 5 years at that time, as we met in November of 1984. A good friend and his parents were loaned a house on the beach for the weekend and we stayed with them. I remember the day very well, the weather was cloudy and warm – and the water was still a perfect temperature for swimming. The water in NJ doesn't start turning cold until late October, so I estimate that date as being early October in 1989.  That night we went out to dinner near LBI. The conversation turned to UFO's, and I mentioned for the first time that I had a couple of encounters when I was young. My now-wife and friend didn't believe me at first because I had never mentioned it to either of them before. In fact, the saucer event was common knowledge at home, but my family never told anyone outside the house about it. It wasn't because we were shy or embarrassed, it was just that the topic never surfaced. Even writing this is difficult for me since something in the back of my mind is telling me to forget about it - but I can't. Nor can I forget several other encounters, some of which I still can't explain. This is the third time I wrote about this encounter in the past year with the intention of sending it to you, but previously deleted it. Anyway, I told everyone my story that night and all were amazed that nobody said a word about it. To this day I can't explain why we didn't tell anyone.  There were other encounters too, one in which my eldest sister shared with my Father and me. I can detail that story in another form and submit it if this one interests you. The second sighting deals with hieroglyphics circling around a small, gold saucer hovering over the Shrewsbury / Navesink River in Red Bank, NJ. For years it registered as a dream to me, but both my Father and Sister remembered it clearly. My sister still talks about how we tried to understand the letters moving around the craft, but they were different than anything we had ever seen. I know that I have the characters etched in my  memory, somewhere. One looked like lambda, as I recall it now.  My stories are truthful accounts that I can't explain. I have nothing to gain and everything to lose by sharing them. I have live witnesses who remember it clearly. Dad passed away last year, but Mom and my two sisters were there. Dad wouldn't discuss it anyway since he worked in the Avionics industry, and he had a security clearance. He would definitely lose his job if he talked about the topic. Now that he's gone there is no risk to him, so I decided to tell the story. There is also a neighbor who still lives at the end of my prior street, and she saw the craft as well. She was terrified when she heard our story.  Please keep in mind that I have bosses, co-workers and clients who will drop me like a bad habit if they were to find out who I am. I have no problem sharing my experiences, but I can't reveal my identity or for now anyway, I don't feel very comfortable in doing so. I am licensed Professional Land Surveyor in 2 states.  Along with several other creepy encounters there is also an amazing experience, with documented survey data relating to my profession that I can share with you. For now, I only have time to tell about the first encounter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.4193;-74.179
