Large & close up viewing by 3 people of a cigar shaped object with 2 bright red glowing orbs at each end.;2005-12-01 21:00:00;10 minutes;Large & close up viewing by 3 people of a cigar shaped object with 2 bright red glowing orbs at each end. I was reading a few sightings in 2005 close to my area (this includes crawfordville & st george island) I was curious to find out if there were any other sightings reported at the time my 2 sons & I had our particular sighting and to my surprise I found some reports around the same time.  The date I am reporting is approximate but I know it was between Nov & Dec of 2005.  I was sitting on the couch watching TV with my 2 sons when I heard my dog barking.  I turned around and found her looking out the open front door and at the same time one of my sons was walking over to her to see what she was barking at.  I was getting up myself to see what was going on when I saw my son looking out the door towards where the dog was looking.  At that point he said, What is that?  My second son and I went to the front door and looked out and hovering above several of our neighbors houses and very close to the trees was a huge object and we were staring directly at it!  At first our eyes were directed to 2 red non blinking lights that were opposite of each other and when our eyes started focusing in the dark a little better we could see that there was a very dark (almost matching the night sky dark)cylindar looking object that these lights were a part.  This gave it a cigar looking appearance and as each end looked like burning embers of red & it made no sound whatsover.  My son who first spotted it was scared and ran back into the house.  My other son & I watched it slowly move towards the south of us (towards the Crawfordville area).  After I gathered my thoughts I rushed inside & tried to find my camera but I could not find it so I ran back outside & hopped into my car with my other son as I wanted to try to follow it and get a better view but it just took off & I did not spot it again.   My kids & I have never forgotten that night and have never seen anything like it since.  I am a full time professional women & a busy soccer mom & to this day I am shaken by what we saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
