I saw an egg like object out of the side of my eye while driving, but it changed speed and shot away with no transition time.;1994-06-15 15:00:00;20 sec or more;I saw an egg like object out of the side of my eye while driving, but it changed speed and shot away with no transition time. I think it was in the afternoon and I was driving south with the airport to my right and saw something out of the corner of my eye in the area of the airport. I glanced at it, thinking nothing abnormal...because it was next to the airport.  At first glance the shape seemed odd, but I wasn't really looking at it with my full attention. I was driving and it was off at an awkward angle. What I did notice, was it was going unusually slow and looked like a egg with about the same color and luster as a old pearl. It really caught my eye when it went from a sluggish pace to a very quick pace without any transition time. I would have stopped and looked, but I really was so surprised by it that I didn't even think to until I was out of the area.  Date and time are both guesses. It was a long time ago, and I never even thought about reporting anything. Just happened accross a show on tv about mass sightings and the governments explanations. They were really stupid explanations so I went online to see what they were saying a flying egg was! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
The morning of June 17th 2017 around 4:00 am I had walked outside with my daughter to show her some things on the porch that seemed mis;2014-06-17 04:15:00;10 minutes;The morning of June 17th, 2017, around 4:00 am, I had walked outside with my daughter to show her some things on the porch that seemed misplaced and odd and wanted to see if she knew anything about it.  She was half asleep and not to happy with my drilling her and so she wasn't paying me much attention.  Out of the corner of my eye something caught my attention.  It was a light in the field behind the barn, it looked just like the house lights that I see every night in the distance but for some reason I felt I needed to go look at this one more closely.  It was real dark, it must have been cloudy cause I didn't see a star or the moon anywhere.   I walk behind the barn and kneel down and stare at the house light. Nothing happens for a few minutes than it starts to move real slow, it's moving towards me.  I blink my eyes a few times to make sure they aren't playing tricks on me.  Nope,  it's getting brighter and closer.  That's when I pull out my cell phone and fumble ! around trying to find the right app. I'm looking at the light moving closer to me and back down at my phone.  I'm freaking out a little bit at this point but I manage to get a video app downloaded and open and start filming what I am seeing but still not sure believing event.  I point my phone And hit record.  Not 1 minute after I start recording this slow moving light it starts to go the other way, away from me.  As I continue to record this object gets more intense in hits movements and at one point a large light goes off, like in a rectangle shape proximity above me and this object. I instantly thought it took a picture of me.  Not long after it slowly descends upwards slowly.  I sit there for a minute, I felt like I was froze for a few seconds and as soon as I can, I get up and run to the house.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
