Black UFO teases Tallahassee for about 20 minutes with no report,s from police who witness event.;1998-02-26 22:30:00;20 mins;Black UFO teases Tallahassee for about 20 minutes with no report,s from police who witness event. It was a clear dark night out, me and my soon to be wife were saying our good bye's outside my house which was on Springhill rd about 5 miles away from our airport, she was stepping into her car when she stopped and said what is that? i asked what and she pointed up over the top of some tree's,to my amazment i saw what seemed to be a trianguler shape black mass i would say about 150 to 250 feet above the tree line, it was blacker then the sky and it was just motionless, i did not see any type of lights anywhere on it at all, but could make out the shape because again it was darker then the sky. We watched it for about a minute until it began to move southeast at a  very low speed, it went about a mile down from us and what was odd is there where a couple streel lights out and this thing reflected the light as if it where a mirror, before i could say anything, she was on the phone with the sherrif's office explaining to them what she had seen, myself of course was telling her to Shhhhhhh, dont say my name, hang up because she was telling them that a UFO just passed over head, that she wants the police to come out and get this thing. I was in shock and embarrased at the same time,she then gave me the phone and the lady officer told me to hold on, i could hear other officers in the back ground on the radio giving a play by play of what this thing was doing,i heard one officer saying OH MY GOD, NO WAY one was being proffesional like a sports announcer,( WE HAVE VISUAL, ITS HEADING TOWARD T.R.A {Tallahassee Regional Airport}COPY THAT then one would say ITS HEADING TOWARDS THE FLEAA MARKET ON CAPITAL CIRCLE, the lady officer was ignoring me on the phone when i asked if everthing is ok, i then heard one of the officer's say DID YOU SEE THAT, then one came back on and said I CANT BELIEVE HOW FAST IT JUST TOOK OFF, one came back on and said it left like a bat out of hell. just as the officer was trying to hang up on me by saying WE ARE LOOKING INTO IT SIR, an officer came on the radio and said OH LORD ITS BACK, OVER THE FLEA MARKET, the whole time we are in the front yard still looking up but unable to see it because the flea market was about 10 miles away, the line went dead and she finally left to go home, the next day i told my Dad about what had happend and he looked in the newspaper to no avail, there was nothing, later on that day i called the sherrif's office back to see if there were any more details about the sighting, they  had no clue to what i was talking about.I did come across some correctional officer's who said they had heard about something that had happend but no exact details, so i guess it never really happend right? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
Mother and two children, twin boy and girl, were driving home from shopping and the son saw three lights, two orange/red at the base of;2000-02-24 20:30:00;five mins;Mother and two children, twin boy and girl, were driving home from shopping and the son saw three lights, two orange/red at the base of the trailing edge and a blue white light at the leading point.  The object was east of them going south, and then crossed over the highway as it made a sharp 90 degree turn to the east.  The daughter thought she saw a green light when it went into the clouds.  When they arrived home the father said that he saw a triagle with two orange/red lights and one blue one over the pond, which was just 80 yards away from the house.  When it was over the pond it became four wlights in a diamond shape.  It also emitted white beams, according to his testimony. When dad whent out to turn on the hose the dogs were barking.  He notice, directly over the pond, two orange red lights and a blue light at the point.  It changed to four white lights.  The pond was 80 yards away and his son, who he called to report this to, said that he reported beams of light coming from this diamond shaped object.  However, the (step)dad said when the son called at 7:45 pm, that it was 6:30 pm EST that he went outside, yet he said when his wife and children came home and after they reported what they just saw down the road from the house, that he saw the same thing just five minutes ago, when actually it was 2 1/2 hours earlier.  The object made a whoosh, whoosh sound as it crossed over the mother's car.  There is a discrepancy in the time that he thinks he first saw this and the time that the family said they saw it, the dad thought it was just five minutes earlier.  The son called me, MUFON of Hillsborough, Pinellas and Manatee counties from Tampa, to report this incident.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
Located in the southern united states, early evening, lasting 1 minute, a triangular shaped craft with white lights outlining it.;2001-09-27 20:25:00;1 minute;Located in the southern united states, early evening, lasting 1 minute, a triangular shaped craft with white lights outlining it. I was sitting on the back porch and looking up at the moon. It was a nice clear night. It came from the right and went across the sky. It was triangular in shape and had five white lights in the triangular pattern. It stoped and paused and I ran to the back door to get my wife and when I came back it was gone.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
Im not sure of the exact month but it was either Sept October or Nov. I want to say October but after reading some of the reports on th;2001-11-01 23:30:00;5mins;Im not sure of the exact month but it was either Sept October or Nov. I want to say October but after reading some of the reports on this site it sounds consistent with November reports. I was driving away from my friends house in Tallahassee Florida. It was out by the Kruger Center near the golf course. I was an employee at the Tallahasee airport recently towards this time so I knew what aircraft came and went at that time. It was between 11pm and 1230 or so. The only aircraft that would have came in was a Delta flight which lands at 11:10pm. However it was past that time and way to low for that. My friend was driving in front of me and we saw this triangluar object above us. It was very huge. Probably about the size of a football field and maybe a football field in a half. It was traingluar but wide. It had lights on the side that were yellow and some where white. It looked like it was headed towards the airport but it was way to low. Maybe about a mile to a mile 1/2 off the ground. I had seen planes come in from that area before and they were never that low. it was also extremly quiet. no noise. it disappers it about 30 secs to a min. I knew alot about the airport and it was definatley not a airplane.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
triangular ufo spotted on I10 on dec 9, 2006.;2006-12-09 09:00:00;30 sec;triangular ufo spotted on I10 on dec 9, 2006. I was driving north with my friend on I10 when she pointed to the sky over the trees next to us. There were two huge bright lights heading slowly east over the trees. Suddenly, the craft made a sharp turn over the interstate and we could see it very clearly now. It was triangular shaped, the corners were rounded, and there was a tiny red search light in the middle of the bottom of the craft. At first it looked like a military fighter plane, but it was very fat. It didn't make a sound as it flew over the highway.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
Strange lights overhead at dusk, possibly very quiet aircraft in close formation;2007-12-11 19:30:00;2-3 minutes;Strange lights overhead at dusk, possibly very quiet aircraft in close formation Dogs barked immediately prior and after. What at first appeared to be a large commercial aircraft flew towards me, apparently on approach to a nearby airport, but as it passed overheard I noted a lack of engine noise and that the front landing light was an usually large distance away from the wing lights. The aircraft made a very low rumbling noise apparent as it passed.  There were red and green strobes and white lights on the wings of the trailing aircraft, and the forward aircraft had a single white light that turned red as it traveled away. The rear aircraft lights alternated, I can remember which were strobing as it approach and which were as it departed, but they altered their strobe pattern as they passed overhead.  The lights formed a triangular shape in the sky with the base approximately one 6th of the height. As the lights traveled away, the front one drifted out of line with the rear, making it apparent that there were two aircraft in very close formation.  Alternatively I could postulate a large cylindrically object with some sort of light tracking around the front of the exterior.  Immediately after the aircraft had passed there, a light propeller driven aircraft traveled behind and perpendicular to the aircraft, immediately followed by two others much further but also perpendicular traveling in the same direction.  The aircraft in question traveled north to south while the probably unrelated three transited south of my location from west to east.  AS for the observer, I was standing in my back yard and the night before had wished loudly that I could see a ufo. Have noted other unusual effects of my silent thoughts.  Dogs barked after the lights had passed.  I'm not saying these weren't conventional aircraft, however if they were they were flying very close to together, fairly low and very very quiet. If a car had driven past at the time of the noise I never would have heard it.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
Triangular shaped UFO observed hovering at low level on the east side of Tallahassee, Florida;2011-05-25 05:20:00;10 seconds;Triangular shaped UFO observed hovering at low level on the east side of Tallahassee, Florida On May 25th, 2011, I was delivering newspapers in Tallahassee, Florida.  I was travelling eastbound on Old St. Augustine Road, about 3 miles east of Capital Circle SE, when, about 5:20am, I turned left (north) onto Grassroots Road to routinely deliver a paper to a residence.  This is a fairly sparsely populated area of homes in a wooded, secluded area.  The road is narrow and unpaved and there are no street lights.   Almost immediately upon entering Grassroots Road, I observed what I first thought was an airplane and wondered what an airplane would be doing so low and back in those woods.  I immediately realized this wasn’t a conventional aircraft, and since I am a small statured female and was alone, I became very frightened and thought of turning around and fleeing the area.  But the road is narrow and there was no place for me to easily turn around.  I knew this to be a UFO of some sort as I had never seen anything like it.  I will attempt to describe in detail. The craft was hovering, nose in an upward direction, not straight up, but in such a manner that I could plainly see the belly of the craft but not the top side of it.  The belly was directly in front of me.  It seemed to be at that angle because it was very low to the ground, from tree top level to slightly below  tree top.  It was in a clearing in the woods, maybe 50 yards at most from my position.  I believe it had attained its position, nose up and hovering with slight, sometimes jerky movements back and forth, so as not to brush against nearby trees which bordered the clearing.  The craft made no noise at all. I will attempt to completely describe this craft.  It is difficult for me to relate the size, but possibly the size of a relatively small passenger jetliner.  It looked very large because of its close proximity to me and its location in the clearing with surrounding trees.  I would say it was a triangular shape with the wings forming a rounded, curved boomerang shape.  In other words, the craft was not a sharply shaped triangle.  It had red and blue lights on the wing surface, as I recall, one at the front, one on each side about half way back, and one on each wing tip.   The belly of the craft which I could clearly see, had about five lights, three in a row, front to rear, with two on each side and below the three in a row, and out toward each wing tip.  It was lit up so as to be clearly visible, but not in a glowing sense that it would light up the area around it.  The belly had several grooves running in orderly rows, front to rear.  I believe the color was gray like a Navy ship. I was so afraid, thinking it may be watching me and I might be in danger since as I said, at that hour there were no other cars on the road.  As it rose upward and begin to move upward and to the left, away from the road, I sped on by it.   I drove about a quarter of a mile to throw my paper, and when I returned on my way out, there was no sign of the craft;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
3 light triangle shaped object moving fast and silent in a straight-line across my field of sight, witnessed by one other.;2012-06-12 00:25:00;3 seconds;3 light triangle shaped object moving fast and silent in a straight-line across my field of sight, witnessed by one other. Background of stars and opening beyond trees, laying down and looking upward waiting for glimpses of a meteor shower. 3 dim, equally spaced lights in a triangle formation quickly moved from the right side of my view to the left and out of sight, it was moving in a perfect straight line, made absolutely no noise like an airplane would have, it was very fast and as quickly as it came it was gone.  There were 6 people present and only myself and one other saw it as well.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
((HOAX??))  Triangular object with 2 wings/ 3 lights. Hovering over a lake until I took a flash photo, then headed towards and over us.;2014-04-30 21:00:00;5 minutes;Triangular object with 2 wings/ 3 lights.  Hovering over a lake until I took a flash photo, then headed towards and over us. We were driving down Bullheadly road at about 9 pm when I saw two bright lights, brighter and different from any airplane lights I've seen.  I told the driver of the car to keep going and not turn so we can see what it was.  As we got closer and closer (we are on a road heading right for a lake called Lake Iamonia) we noticed that it was not moving, seemingly hovering. We went right to the lake from and parked with our lights on.  It was hovering at the center of the lake.  I am not sure how big it exactly was, but it wasn't small, and it was hovering about 200 feet up.  It had two main bright lights on its wings and a smaller white light on the front. We watched it for about 5 minutes, just sitting there hovering.   I decided to take a picture of it to show people, but i forgot to turn off the flash.  Right after I flashed the camera (the photo is not that good) it started coming toward us.  We were still interested, so we rolled down the window to get a look.  The sound was a quiet drone, almost like an airplane that is very, very high up in the sky (just a reminder again, it wasn't high in the sky at all).  It wasn't going fast to start out with, but when it went over us and we turned around to follow it, it spend up gradually to a speed we could not even match with our car.  We also noticed as it was over us that there definitely was two wings, on the side of it there was small red lights, and it was a sharp triangle.  That was the last we saw of it, going out into the distance.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
I was travelling north on Capital Circle and had just passed the federal prison when I noticed a slow moving light about 40 degrees up;2019-01-26 03:30:00;4-5 seconds;I was travelling north on Capital Circle and had just passed the federal prison, when I noticed a slow moving light about 40 degrees up and straight ahead over the intersection.   After focusing on the light that seemed to be maybe a half mile beyond Mahan Drive, I clearly saw a triangular airship not that dissimilar from a stealth bomber in size shape and color.  There were no other lights on the airship other than the bright white light coming from the bottom center of the ship.   After a brief second or two, it instantaneously accelerated and disappeared beyond the horizon heading east southeast.  It went from close to hovering speed to maybe the speed of a meteorite, with no gradual acceleration.   The entire experience lasted maybe 4-5 seconds.  There was no noise related to this experience.;30.470996835443;-84.253256962025
