Saucer craft with red/green alternating lights on its midsection seen within 500 yards, travelling slowly at first, then vanishes;1973-11-15 17:30:00;20-30 seconds;Saucer craft with red/green alternating lights on its midsection seen within 500 yards, travelling slowly at first, then vanishes While walking out of the now defunct naval base in Key West, my friends and I saw a large, saucer shaped craft hovering over a line of trees, no more than 1/4 mile from us. The craft had a bank of alternating green and red lights that rotated around it as it moved slowly from our right to our left. It travelled directly across our line of sight, slowly at first. The rotating lights seemed to correspond with the speed of the craft as did a low pitched, deep whirring sound. As the craft sped up, the lights and the frequency of the sound increased accordingly. We watched it for about 10-15 seconds, when all of a sudden, it streaked up into the sky at an incredible rate of speed. We watched it until it virtually vanished high in the sky. It was reported to have also landed inside the navy base, as several other sailors indicated in their report to the commanding officer of the base. The base was unexpectedly closed 3-4 weeks later. I witnessed the same craft less than ten days later at another location on Key West. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will invite the witness to try to establish the exact date.  PD));24.5615;-81.7818
A small unexplainable hovering object I spotted as a child of 10 while walking home from school one day in the 70s;1979-01-09 14:30:00;5 minutes;A small unexplainable hovering object I spotted as a child of 10 while walking home from school one day in the 70s I was walking home from school one day in about the 5th grade, possibly 4th down Flagler Avenue. This was around 1978 or 1979. I had walked home every day since the 2nd grade.  It was between 2:30 and 3pm. I was walking on the sidewalk against the traffic. It was a 4-lane with a median. I was one block from my home when I looked across the street ahead of me and saw a strange small object hovering above that sidewalk about 15-20 feet up. From that point on I did not take my eyes off of it but I did try to see if there was a string on it or if it was being controlled from someone on the ground. This was a residential neighborhood and there was little to no traffic at this time. Or if there was, I do not remember, I was so fixated by this object.  I continued to watch it, walking slowly as it just hovered there.  Suddenly it seemed to notice me and it made a direct bee-line across the street toward me. As I write this I am getting chills upon chills just recalling this. It didn’t move fast nor slow but just steadily in a very straight line at the same altitude.  Soon it was right over my head maybe 10 feet above me and following me exactly as a continued to walk. I was not afraid but extremely intrigued. I couldn’t imagine what it was! It was a small very colorful disk. It was slightly tilted, with a small cylindrical handle going through the center.  If I can remember, I believe the handle was red.  It looked kind of like a toy but it baffled me because it was spinning and it was silent and there was nothing attached to it.  I couldn’t understand how it could be suspended up there, and at that time, I was not aware of any remote controls like THIS.  It hovered over me spinning quietly until I reached the end of the block and stepped off into the street, then it immediately went back across the street.  I still continued to watch it, looking back until I got to my house.   AT that point, I felt afraid and went into the house, locked the doors and called my mom at work as a watched out the kitchen windo w trying to spot it.  I didn’t have a good view.  I never saw it again. I was not particularly aware of UFOs. Our family was not into that. So it didn’t occur to me that this could be a UFO.  I drew a picture of it for my mom and dad and my mom wrote down what I said and we kept that.  But I have never forgotten anyway.  From that day on, I always tried to find an explanation for such an object.  I looked at kites and remote controls or whatever I could find to explain it.  I never could.  Then when I saw a toy or colorful kite that reminded me of it, I would feel a sense of panic.  To this day I still have not found a plausible explanation for it.  There were no other witnesses. This is the first time I have reported it.  I am 40 years old.   Watching a UFO special on Discovery Channel this afternoon prompted me to report this finally!   Thank you for your attention to this matter. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));24.5615;-81.7818
Six adults witness a cluster of colorful, disc-shaped objects hover over Key West for approx. 15 min..;2003-07-29 13:00:00;15 min.;Telephoned Report:   A professional photographer called to report a sighting of approximately six peculiar objects in the daytime sky over Key West, FL.  The objects appeared to him to be flipping and maneuvering in the sky, giving off different colors, and turning dark or black, during the approximately 15 minutes he stood, watching the objects with 4-5 other adults.  They were peculiar in appearance, he reported, principally because they appeared disc-shaped, and because of the strange color they appeared to give off.  The witness took several photos of the objects, and stated that he would forward them to NUFORC for inspection and posting.  He reported the sighting to the offices of the local newspaper, the Key West Citizen.  ((NUFORC Note:  We are awaiting a follow-up report from the witness.  We spoke with him at length, and we found him to be objective, sincere, and seemingly quite credible.  We would welcome reports from other witnesses.  PD));24.5615;-81.7818
5 circular crafts heading East in a staggered line;2020-05-11 10:00:00;2 minutes;5 circular crafts heading East in a staggered line My girlfriend and I were laying on loungers at our pool around 10am. I was admiring the clear blue sky when 5 Silver circle craft, moving West to East quickly appeared overhead. I pointed and jokingly said look UFOs. Then realized I had no idea what these were.. When I changed position to show my girlfriend they disappeared. So I laid back down and looked from original angle and there they were again still moving east towards the sun. I would estimate about 5k feet. No trail or noise. 1 of the craft sped past the others out of formation then fell back in the staggered line until they were out of sight.;24.5615;-81.7818
