Something shaped like a big triangle flew slowly and directly over the top of my car;2008-08-29 20:30:00;10 to 15 min;Something shaped like a big triangle flew slowly and directly over the top of my car (I’m a ((deleted)) in Fulton, NY-so I’m nervous reporting this because I don’t want to be publicly humiliated-((age deleted)), married with ((deleted)) kids-I hope this doesn’t have too much detail but maybe if I write it all down I can stop thinking about it)   My wife ((deleted--shops) at a grocery store called ((deleted)).  So I set out around 8 at night and it wasn’t dark yet.  I drove south on route 481 from fulton toward clay.  It was a beautiful clear night with only a few very well defined clouds in the air. As I get near the Phoenix exit there’s a bridge over the highway and I notice two bright headlights on the bridge but not moving. I look up and I see that it’s not a car and the lights are above the bridge in the air, way far off a few miles. But they are bigger and more intense than the headlights on cars coming in the opposite lane. And the lights aren’t moving so I thought it was some sort of tower I wasn’t close enough to see yet. The lights were white but tinged with that warm yellow light, not like the bluish headlights some cars have now. So I keep driving. I do not even think ufo-stuff because I just didn’t think about that kind of stuff (back then!!!). My eyes go back to it a few times and in the back of my mind I feel a nagging feeling because I grew up here and have lived here forever and I didn’t remember a tower there before or seeing lights like that. It’s still not dark out but it’s close to that time where it starts to get dark fast. As I get closer the lights don’t move at all. They’re very low in the sky so the trees along the highway block it momentarily here and there. After a couple minutes of driving I start being more distracted by it, because I’m not seeing any tower, and there’s absolutely no movement. I started to think it was a plane flying low, and that it was flying directly in my direction so it looked motionless, which I thought was cool. But as the highway slowly wound and turned, they were staying in the same spot. I finally have driven a few miles and felt as though I was getting close enough to see the tower or plane or whatever it was. I was a little bothered because I realized I was getting extremely close to it, and I could see a cell phone tower or something on the other side of it, and it was a lot smaller. At this point it was dark, but not full night. I wasn’t noticing any other air traffic at the time, but maybe I just wasn’t looking for it in all honesty. I finally came to a break in the woods (it’s farmy-kind of land) and looked behind me because there was light traffic in the oncoming lane, but none behind me, so I could slow down to about 40 from 65. At that point I passed the clearing on the left and saw that it was a plane that was so low and huge it looked like it was coming in for a landing, but it was hanging completely motionless in the sky, and the lights were very, very bright. As I passed, IT STARTED MOVING AND CAME OVER THE HIGHWAY AND DIRECTLY OVER MY CAR. I checked behind me and slowed to a crawl, stood up and put my face up against the windshield half-standing over my steering wheel. I had stopped breathing and was completely fascinated, and then scared. It took about six seconds to cross the highway over me and it’s only two lanes north and two lanes south. Someone could have jogged it about the same speed. The sky and cloud above it were a medium gray purple, and I got a pretty good look at whatever this was. I thought it was a plane coming in for a landing because it was huge, but made no sound (I did have my windows up, but it was directly over my car). There were actually three huge lights, one in each corner, and this thing had no wings, it was shaped like a perfect equilateral triangle, black. (or I’m assuming it was black). In the center of this thing were some smaller red and bluish lights and all these weird panels and things. It was so foreign as to what I was expecting my eyes were having a hard time grasping that middle part. Nothing was blinking, no lights you see usually on helicopters and planes. When it crossed the road and got over the field, it banked to the left (south again) and CRUISED south. I sped up, and it was less than a mile to my exit and I was staying steady with it, I could kind of see it here and there through the trees. I got to the exit, there was a red light so I did down my window and leaned out and up over my roof of the car, then climbed back in because there were cars and I felt crazy. I watched to the right. Over route 31 there are a million chain restaurants and walmarts and things like that. This thing crossed the highway and kept going south toward Syracuse. I turned right toward wegmans and tried to keep up and see it. When I got to another intersection red light I looked left and saw it further away, and it had stopped and was motionless in the sky again. The light turned green and I didn’t know what to do, so I just went and got my wife’s bread while in a stupor. On my way home, I didn’t see anything in the sky except three planes or helicopters way up in the sky in the same area flying around and around. I thought that was weird too. In all my life before or after I have never seen anything even closely resembling whatever this was. I was really thrown for a loop when I went home and searched “triangle ufo” and a million hits came up. I didn’t see anything online as clearly as the thing I saw, but the three lights –one at each corner, was right. I wanted to call the police or an airport just so they could tell me what it was but I never did because I felt ridiculous-I didn't see anything in newspapers or anything so I kind of shut up about it. Hope I find out what it was someday. I am very very nervous, however, about having my name released-Fulton is a small town.;43.1709999999997;-76.1742000000007
