Massive Pitch Black boulder shaped and jagged edges totally silent zoomed over my window of view at thirty to forthy thousand ft.;1980-07-17 22:10:00;6 to 8 seconds;Massive Pitch Black boulder shaped and jagged edges totally silent zoomed over my window of view at thirty to forthy thousand ft. On, or about 10:10 PM The two of us were star gazing the sky and looking up in the midnight blue background sky.  In North Platte, Nebraska the stars that can be seen in the nights sky are brillantly luminated.  Watching the sky counting the meteors and meteorites as they passed over our heads. Meanwhile, my friends sister was just inside attending a birthday party at the skating ring, we were her escorts that for the night.  All of us are walking towards his house and, at the intersection of Custer Ave.and West 13th street, the background sky nearly Jet Black it was late in the evening shortly after 10: 00 PM which was nearly solid black and I'm looking Northward up about 30 degree in the sky, when a massive Pitch Black rock shaped and jagged edges the size or mass of three football fields.  Directly, behind the leader in formation two seperate objects split apart about half the mass as the leader combined the same shape and color.   Another pair exactly the same just smaller than the first pair directly behind the first pair. Directly, behide the last pair was a single object exactly the same as the others only smaller yet.  So they went from enormous leader the first to a pair that were exactly the same size objects too another pair exactly the same size each only smaller in size to the first pair.  The sixth object same shape and color just smaller than the second paired objects and directly behind and in the middle making up what would be the star of David formation.  However, it was solo and directly behind but in the center of the last pair.  The final object was out of formation and off and well behind the pack just smaller than all the rest of them.  It was like it struggled to keep up with the rest of the objects.  As these pitch black objects the shape of giant boulders with jagged edges raced across the night sky from North to South in my window of the sky view I shouted to my friend to look at these objects and pointed them out he could not see them because the were nearly the same color as the background sky,  If anyone including me would have blinked an eye you would have seen nothing, Moving extremely fast they were like a blurr only darkening out the stars as they passed over us like a shadow with pure silence.  Then, I took my eyes off the pack for just a second to aid him by pointing them out with my finger and in doing so I had difficulity trying to re-aquire the group because the speed was out of this world.  Finally, as I reaquired them on the flight path I was able to point them out again and he saw only a glimpse of a second or two before they vanished into a massive puffy white anvil or mushroom shaped clouds that were roughly one hundred fifty mile to the South at an altitude between 30,000 to 40,000 feet. They came out of the North on the same level flight path the moment I saw them dash  through my window of view.  I went home and told my parents what I saw and the were the least but interested because they were watching Ronald Reagan giving his exceptance speech for nomination of the Republican Party for President that Friday evening which is my Fathers birth date.  I highly doubt anyone would believe my story I was only fourteen  years old. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of the event may be approximate.  PD));41.1314000000002;-100.7751
