Star gazing with a friend during meteror event we watch the stars.  The background of the sky was midnight blue.  Nearly 10:30 pm the b;1979-08-25 22:00:00;12 seconds;Star gazing with a friend during meteror event we watch the stars.  The background of the sky was midnight blue.  Nearly 10:30 pm the background sky was nearly pitch black. I picked a spot out of the Northern Milky way and watched.  And thats, when the First of Seven jetted across my view.  Extremly high in altitude. I would guess nearly 60,000 feet. Traveling due South.  If I would have blinked my eyes I would have seen nothing. The first object was pitch black ellipse in shape and jagged edges all around.  It was the size of three football fields combined sq. ft. Second and third objects identical in size were directly behind split apart same shape and color. If the those two were combined they would be half the size as the first. Fourth and Fifth identical size, directly behind two and three.  Split apart same color and shapes if combined they would be half the size of object 2 or 3. Sixth object half the size of 4 or 5 directly behind and centered. Seventh object same color and shape half the size as 5.  However, it was offset from the previous 6 craft and out of formation from the group.  All were traveling extremly fast.  They bolted from the far Northern View of the Milky to the South under 10 seconds.  I have a photographic memory of what I saw.  They crossed my window of view and one could barely distingish let alone see them because the color was so black and the background sky was nearly black.  They made no sound. As I'm watching them I tell my friend and look off them for a second or two to point them out to my friend.  It took 2 or 3 second relocate them.  Within one or two seconds they vanished into Far South through large Cumulus Anvil cloud that was 100 miles away to the South of North Platte, Ne. Definately, UFO's I could see them visibly because they blacked out the stars lights as the passed over my view.  Definately 7 objects total.  Group of six were in perfect formation following the leader. I could distingish them as seperate because I could see the stars between objects.  The Seventh object was trailing the group seem to keep it distance from the main body.  All seven were of the exact make just the sizes varied from largest to smallest. Anyhow, I got the best view and my friend only seen a glipse of what I witnessed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.1314000000002;-100.7751
UFO follows train tracks;1984-11-15 18:00:00;5 minutes;UFO follows train tracks I was heading east on hi-way 30 towards Maxwell Ne. fifteen miles away.  I was taking my best friend home who lived south of the town.  There are railroad tracks that run perpendicular to the hi-way, and I usually did not like heading to Maxwell on that road as the trains always ran with their front light on (they only had one at that time) and I hated that cause they were always on high.  But it was early and still light out so I thought it would be fine if there was a train, as it would not blind me then. The weather was cloudy and grey, and it had been misting all day and was cold out.  I can not remember why we were making it an early day, but I think we had a test the next day for school. As I started out of town we were just talking and I noticed that there was a train coming towards us and I immediately thought Crap, a train with it's light on. I hate that.  Then as we got a little closer to the train I noticed that it looked like a really tall train, as the light was twice as high as it should have been, but still did not think anything was strange about it. Then as we got even closer I realized somthing was not right about it and saw that the light was high above the tracks and my friend stopped talking and I said to him What the hell is that?  Moving very slowly along the tracks was a football shaped craft the the ends coming to a flat point.   The light was on the front pointing straight ahead and there was another I could not see at first pointing directly down onto the tracks.  It also had several small coloured lights at different areas on it. I had pulled over nad actually got out of the car and walked towards it trying to figure out what I was looking at.  My friend was freaking out and wanted me to get back in and drive away.  The car never quit running and I did not notice any electrical problems either. Good thing there was no traffic as I probably would have gotten run over! The object did not make any noise at all.  It was dead silent.  I stood there and watched it glide down the tracks with the light shineing down on it.  The size of it was about a train engine and a half long, it was a fairly big craft.  It just faded into the grey mist out of sight. Finally the cold rain sort of snapped me out of the daze I was in as I watched it and I got back in the car and started off towards my friend's home.  We did not say anything for a while and it was sort of like being in a dream.  When we did start talking it was like we were trying to make some sense of what we had just witnessed. I should also mention that this was in sight of the airport which is just south of the hi-way and there are electrical lines that cross the tracks at several points so anyone flying an aircraft along them would have been very foolish and crashed doing so.  Also the Union Pacific does not check the lines that way either. The whole sighting took only about five or six minutes even though it seemed like hours, but when I dropped him off and got home it was actually four hours later.  Maxwell is only fifteen minutes up and fifteen back.  We left town at around 18:30 hours and I did not get home till after midnight.  I still do not really know what to make of that. The next day when we saw each other, he said to expect the Ne State Patrol to contact me cause his Mom called them after he told her what happened.  I was freaked by that cause I just knew that everyone would think we were nuts or high on something. They called the airport to see if there were any planes coming in at that time, and there were none and they saw nothing on their radar either. We never discussed that event again for years till he asked me to recall the whole thing and I did.  Unknown to me he was recording me and he played the tape for a friend of his who said our story's were identical. I know this happened many years ago, but it is  still fresh in my memory just as the day it happened. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));41.1314000000002;-100.7751
((HOAX??))  spoon shaped silver gray with blinking white light on it.  ((anonymous report));2018-08-15 16:00:00;2 minutes;spoon shaped silver gray with blinking white light on it While outside close to sundown i looked up and saw what i though was an aircraft at first until i realized i have never seen one like that. It was spoon shaped big top skinny bottom. it had a flashing white light on it on the top and it was silver gray.  I saw it two minutes before it disappeared.it made no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.1314000000002;-100.7751
