This huge object surely was seen by others just due to its tremendous size. No doubt about it: this was not any form of 'known' craft.;2002-03-14 20:30:00;12 minutes or more;This huge object surely was seen by others just due to its tremendous size. No doubt about it: this was not any form of 'known' craft. Between 8:30 to 8:45 pm CDT, I witnessed the sighting of an otherwise, 'UFO,' which remains a total and complete mystery to me. To wit: Driving northward towards the small Texas town of Joshua (population about 7,200) from my hometown of Cleburne, Texas: the night sky was very clear-without a cloud to be seen. The temperature was a cool 61 degrees F. There was a possible light wind out of the due south, but I did not check this out with the National Weather Department. The stars were yet faintly seen at this point in time and in location. My sight was drawn to the obvious huge light in the low sky (about 35 degrees from the horizon), which was just short of being the size of the full moon-or-if one were to place a U.S. nickel coin in their out-stretched hand (arm's length) for size comparison: the full moon is this size. When I state that my sight was 'drawn' to this object, 'compelled' to look, also comes to mind. It was a soft, white light-not glaring, nor hard to look at-seen in the due north-northwest (330 degrees [NNW] on a compass bearing). My driving speed was within limits at about 55 mph. As I drove on northward on highway 174 towards my friend's house in Joshua, I noticed that this huge light was not getting larger-or smaller-as at first-I thought it to have been a low flying private airplane of some sort (Note: commercial jet airliners would not be found in this part of the sky-as they are always heading north of Cleburne to the west of town-then they bank to the east towards the Dallas/Fort Worth airport, and if they are departing D/FW airport and heading south towards Austin or Houston: they fly to the far east of Cleburne-but in either case: they never fly directly over Cleburne). Just as I realized that this huge light could not have been an airplane-as it was devoid of 'belly lights' and 'wing-tip' lights the softly glowing light blinked out. As I drove on-now out of the city limits-driving up the bridge (over-pass) that crosses over the railroad tracks (Cleburne is a 'hub' for the railroads) at about 50 feet above the ground-but high enough to see clearly-suddenly, there appeared 'colored' lights all about the object-so many-that it took my breath away. Having been a Veteran of the war in Vietnam-and having also worked my first job back from the war at Delta Airlines: I certainly know the placement of 'ID' lights on airplanes, helicopters and all 'known' earthly aircraft. These lights were nothing at all like standard aircraft lighting. There were just too many of them of too many different colors. I drove on as the mileage grew in approaching this object, which was heading in my direction (its path would have been to the due south) just to my left, or to the west of me. It was huge. I compared it immediately to the Super Dome in New Orleans, or about 400 to 500 feet across (or roughly,166 yards) and about 200 to 300 feet in height, based upon the placement of these mentioned outwardly seen lights. As for these 'lights': there were three (3) small blinking lights on top at 'dead center,' which were, from top to bottom, red, soft yellow and white. All were blinking in an odd pattern of off and on, very swiftly. They were evenly stacked atop of each other. Below these 'center' lights: the area underneath was completely dark to my vision, yet obviously, solid in nature, since the lights were certainly 'fixed.' Outwardly from the 'center' to either 'end': the distance was amazing at several hundred feet. I judged the distance between this object and me to have been about two (2) miles. The lights at either 'end' were solid, softly lit and multi-colored-yet larger in size than the 'center top' lights. Some were blinking-some were not. They were placed in a very odd fashion with no reasoning-as they were staggered in placement. There were about 4 to 5 lights at either 'end' of the object. To the 'bottom side': these lights were the oddest, as otherwise, 'belly lights' of normally 'known' aircraft have a single red blinking light-with white and either red or blue 'wing' lights found latterly. These 'bottom' lights were strung out all along the bottom, making, again no known pattern or reasoning to their placement. They, too, were multi-colored and were all of the same 'brightness,' which was not so bright as to have been difficult to look at. As I approached it--and it was approaching me I decided to pull over to the shoulder of the road and to stop, which I did. By now, the huge object was almost even with my car to my left, or, I was looking to the western sky. It was now completely obvious that this object was no more than 1, 000 feet off of the ground-and VERY huge! I turned off the car engine and stuck my head out of the driver's side window-to listen for any noise, which may have been emitting from the object. There were NO SOUNDS whatsoever. The huge object was traveling so slowly, that if it had of been a 'known' aircraft: it would have fallen from the sky. I watched in pure and total amazement, as the object just glided by me-within one (1) mile from my position. I was speechless-within the quiet of my car and on this part of the country highway that I know so well. This was just outside of the city limits where there are only a few farm houses spread out in the area-with patches of remote woods to my left and right sides as well as to the front, or north of where I was. (See 'Drawing' of the object attached). The huge object glided on by not making a sound-not making an effort to turn, climb, ascend nor descend, as I watched it and etched the size and its likely shape within my awe-struck mind. Regrettably, I had no camcorder, nor still picture camera to record this. It continued on its course to the due south-and drifted further away. It was still within my sight as I started the engine of the car-and drove away. I was very calm, having seen, witnessed and videotaped UFOs several times in my past life-proving ALL to have been 'unknown' aircraft--beyond a shadow of a doubt. For more information on me and these former sightings, please see: http://jasonleigh.org for the Reports and documents of proof. I affirm that the above details of this amazing 'sighting' of a huge UFO on Thursday evening, March 14, 2002, is a true accounting-to the best of my ability. Jason Leigh ((NUFORC Note:  Our gratitude to Mr. Jason Leigh, from Cleburne, TX, for submitting the report.  He is well-known as a UFO aficianado and investigator in the Cleburne, TX, area.  PD));32.3392261904761;-97.4142714285713
