I fly drones for hobby and even the top end private drones dont look or act like this or capable of such an odd flight.;2014-07-31 21:55:00;5 minutes;I fly drones for hobby and even the top end private drones don't look or act like this or capable of such an odd flight. Red/orange light with less bright whitesparksaround the craft at random intervals.   Appear and disappeared 3 times,each time reappearing 1/4mile(est) away from last pos almost instantly.   Moving southeast at random speeds(slow glide to a hover to faster pace to vanishing and reappearing) last contact about 22:05 headed south/southeast before stopping for 30sec then was just gone.   Was at slightly above the altitude I see aircraft take on approach to Newport News airport;37.0875836501901;-76.4958813688213
A bright moonlit night with no stars to see, except one that was in our atmosphere, moving slowly, and I knew it was special.;2020-09-02 01:00:00;40 minutes;A bright moonlit night with no stars to see, except one that was in our atmosphere, moving slowly, and I knew it was special. I went outside to look at the bright moon approximately 1:30 AM.  I stay up late usually.  My back yard sits on a large river.  From where I stood out back, facing southeast, I saw this very bright, mostly round, solid circle in the ski and it was moving at a very slow speed towards the moon.  The moon was more in the South position at this time. I realized it was not a star as it was surely in earth’s atmosphere.  It was just too close to be a star. At first I thought it was one of those lanterns you can light up and send in to the sky, but the way it moved up and then horizontally, and then would be stationary in the sky, plus, it seemed to also get larger then smaller. It’s light didn’t flicker as a lantern would so I ruled out that thought. I observed that I could not see one other star in the ski that night. Not one.  It seemed to hide in the clouds and then pop out where the cloud had a separation. It almost seemed “shy”.  I knew it was unusual so I grabbe! d my phone and took pictures to the best of my ability. I took many pictures trying to get a good focus but it wasn’t easy. I also tried to video tape the object, with my phone,  but the videos did not work. My videos remained black. I then used binoculars and the object seemed to have tentacles that also lit up. In the center of the round part seemed to have darker shades as in a nucleus. I took many pictures and in one pic, where it took a double shot (moving picture), the object obviously shoots out a plume! In another picture, there is a pale blue looking object next to it. Another picture seems to show the object sideways and it appears the be crescent shaped. I watched this object for about 40 minutes and because of it getting so late and it just was so slow, I went to bed. I had no feelings of being afraid as I said earlier, it almost seemed shy and felt no harm in it. I am only reporting this because I looked up UTube and saw someone else saw this bright light in ou! r sky the same night and new I wasn’t alone in what I saw. I t! old my h usband the next morning and he of course laughed at me until I showed him the pictures! Now, two days later, I show him another posted the same thing on UTube. He agreed that I give my report.;37.0875836501901;-76.4958813688213
