It was a clear night and there were 3 objects in the sky that 8 people seen.  ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));2008-05-26 23:00:00;1.5 hours;It was a clear night and there were 3 objects in the sky that 8 people seen. On May 25 at around 11pm, recieved a phone call from my boyfriend saying that he is watching something in the sky and I would not believe him if he told me what he thought it was. Curious I drove out to his location and he then pointed out what he was seeing. The object in the sky was bright and blinking many different colors. When it was not blinking it blended into the sky like a star. After about 3 min. of watching this object it now had started moving up, down, right, left and diagonal. He had told me it was moving earlier also. After looking at it for 10 min. I stoped looking at it so my eyes would adjust and I would know it was not just an optical elusion. We then looked around in the sky to see if there was others. There was 3 total. They would light up very bright then get dim. They would move in all sorts of directions. They also had something in common with each other, they all blinked many different colors, they moved in weird ways and 2 of them stayed inbetween 2 stars. The other was the most active and got very bright then dim. The object also moved in every direction and fast. The object started out about 50 degrees up from the ground. It would then drop to about 25-30 degrees then back up. That's not it. After awhile I had though my eyes were playing tricks on me until a plane that was flying at the same altitude and directly towards the object came about. It seemed to effect the object. The plane stayed at the same speed and altitude. As the plane got closer the object started lighting up like a strobe light of colors and shot straight at the plane. It then bobbed up and down. After the plane passed it then moved up to about 60 degrees in the sky. The objects went on lighting up for about 2 and a half hours till' we needed to go home. I have never seen anything like this in my life. I know what a plane looks like in the sky and also a satilite. This was not either one. There was 8 people total that seen this in our town. 6 that were with us. My boyfriend, boyfriend's mother, his 2 of his best friends, my brother and me. The other two were passing us in the road and stopped to see what we were doing. One was the ensurance agent for our town and his son. It almost made me sick when I seen these objects. Tomorow we are going out to see if they are there again. I will write again if they are. ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));46.015;-95.6963
