Some friends and I have been watching the skies from Herr Road (near Sullivan, WI) for a few years now.  This long, narrow road has a u;2003-07-17 00:30:00;45 minutes;Some friends and I have been watching the skies from Herr Road (near Sullivan, WI) for a few years now.  This long, narrow road has a unobstructed view of the night sky, almost like being atop a huge tower.  After many disappointing vists to this area, myself and three of my close friends saw something absolutly mind boggling.  It was approx. 12:30 AM when we first noticed a strange orange and red light sitting still above the tree line in the southeastern sky.  It was much larger and brighter than any of the planes or stars that we saw.  It did not move from that location, so we really didn't think much of it.  Approx. five minutes later, the exact same light we saw above the tree line, had moved to the eastern skyline.  We didn't take our eyes off of it from that point on.  The light began moving from the northeastern skyline to the southeast and then back again for approx. 10-15 minutes.  It seemed to have no pattern whatsoever to it's direction of flight.  We could tell that it was getting closer to us, and then very far at a tremendous rate of speed.  The most amazing thing happened after it had dimmed away for minute or so We suddenly witnessed it very close again, mostly orange in color, but sometimes red, blue and white.  It was close enough that we certainly would have been able to hear if it was jet or prop powered, but there was dead silence.  It got even closer, staying just above the tree line.  It was moving from south to north when we ran down the road to catch a glimpse of it between two large trees.  We saw a classic movie made disk hovering at a 45 degree angle.  We could see 4 or 5 bright white round lights either on the top or bottom perimeter of the disk spinning on axis at a reletivly slow speed. We witnessed this actual disk for only 10 or 15 seconds.  The object changed from a spinning disk, to a white ball of light and took off at an amazing rate of speed (again, no sound) making almost a horseshoe loop in the sky, and then it was gone.  I've been back there many times since we saw the unexplainable, and have never seen anything like it. ((NUFORC Note:  The planet, Mars, would have been in the southeastern, or southern, sky on this date, and at the time indicated.  However, it would not have moved across the sky ask quickly as the witness describes.  We do not know what they observed.  PD));43.0125;-88.4712
