star - constantly changes colors - red,violet,green,yellow - in NE sky. Stationary for entire sighting;1999-08-31 01:00:00;current;star - constantly changes colors - red,violet,green,yellow - in NE sky. Stationary for entire sighting Object appears to be a star with the exception that it changes colors in a regular sequence- red, then violet, then green then yellow. Colors are very vivid and are obvious with the naked eye. It is not the brightest star in the sky - about half that of the north star. It appears in the Northeast about 40 degrees above ground level.;39.38;-80.3634
I saw a sphere of very bright and slightly pulsating light.;2019-11-11 17:40:00;30 seconds;I saw a sphere of very bright and slightly pulsating light. I was driving home from work and I saw a sphere of white light in the sky near my home. The sphere looked electrical, very bright and slightly pulsating. I couldn’t really see an outline of the sphere because it was so bright. When I first noticed the light, it was in the sky above my house and seemed to be moving straight up. I was driving and there was a vehicle behind me so I couldn’t stop, I watched it for approximately 20 or 30 seconds, the road goes around a curve, so I lost sight of it for a couple of seconds. I turned off the main road onto the smaller road that leads to my house at that point I stopped and looked for it, but it was gone. I know that the ridge line behind my house is 1500 ft and I would say that the sphere was at about 1800 ft when I first saw it but then it quickly gained altitude. I would estimate that it was about 20 to 30 feet in diameter. It was extremely bright almost like a small star however, I could easily look at it. I am ! an aircraft mechanic, and this wasn’t any type of aircraft that I am familiar with. There weren’t any blinking nav lights or beacons. I couldn’t really tell if it was making any noise because I was driving but I didn't hear anything. I don’t know what it was but it was definitely not like anything I had ever seen before, honestly it looked like something right out of a science fiction movie.;39.38;-80.3634
