Bright object in sky moving east.  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of the ISS.  PD));2015-08-11 21:20:00;5 minutes;Bright object in sky moving east At approximately 9:20 pm (21:20) we witnessed a bright object in the Big Dipper constellation moving south-southeast at a slow steady pace. It was very luminescent as it passed overhead and slowly arced to due east as it passed overhead. It traveled until it disappeared, it’s brightness dimming the farther away it got from our point of observation. I happened to have our Pentax K200d SLR camera out testing it for night shooting and took three 7 second exposures of the object before it went out of sight. You can clearly see the stars as stationary, but the object itself is moving and therefore leaving streaks in the pictures. I am including the images for you full size (approximately 3.5 Mb’s) for potential analysis if you wish. ((NUFORC Note:  Probably a sighting of the ISS.  PD));47.3296;-116.8609
Large cluster of lights going overhead.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-04-16 21:00:00;10 minutes;Large cluster of lights going overhead. I went out to have a smoke around 8:45 pm tonight. sitting on my front porch facing south, I noticed a light in the sky going through the douglas fir tree branches directly in front of our home. As I watched another appeared. Then another. I got up and moved htrough to get a clear view. As I scanned the sky I noticed it was a line of lights, coming from the south and slowly turning east and appearing to go higher into the sky and disappearing to the east. I quit counting at a dozen, and they were STILL going over one after the other when I finished my smoke (after approximately ten minutes of viewing time) and came in to make this report! Pretty much evenly spaced, with some speeding up and over taking the one in front of it at really close range, sometimes looking like they were going to collide! It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen! I wondered if they were still going so I went outside and I'll be damned, they were still going! My wife even went out an! d looked! Could they be Elon Musk's satellites? But would satellites overtake each other? My wife asked if it could be military? But more than a dozen? And goingo over for now 25 minutes? Weird!! We used to live near Mt. Home airbase and Fairchild is in Spokane...never seen military aircraft overtake each other as they glide slowly across the sky! My wife just came in (9:17) and she said they're still going? what gives? I am the Mayor of Plummer, so this is no hoax. You can contact me for validation. I don't have anything that would take a picture that far up in the sky. Can do a map of our location and approximate direction of lights upon request.;47.3296;-116.8609
