Cylinder like UFO w lights on the tips gliding over the trees in my backyard making a loud hovering noise.;2020-10-19 22:30:00;30 minutes;Cylinder like UFO w lights on the tips gliding over the trees in my backyard making a loud hovering noise. It was dark. But I was in the shower when my family started freaking out about a loud noise and something white and red outside flying around behind our house going back and forth. I went to the window facing my back yard in my parents room. Behind our house is a 160ish acre field and next to it is maybe twice or three times as much worth of woods. It appeared to be a mile or so far away when I first saw it. Then just like that it was right in my backyard woods. Maybe 70 to 100 yards away and it was gliding towards my house getting closer and closer and then it stopped. Then it turned right as in my right so that would be it's left and glided in that direction. That's when I was able to to make out its long cylinder like shape but the ends were rounded off like the top an egg on each side. Both ends had one light at this time and it was a dim light. Not bright white like LEDs. It was like older headlights on a car. It had to be the size and length of a schoo! l bus maybe bigger. We have ducks and chickens and a fair amount of people have dogs on our street and nearby. They all started freaking out and making noises. The UFO had a hovering noise that sounded like a lasso spinning in the air like the wild west movies. The UFO just glided over the trees like it was searching for something and soon the lights disappeared. I went outside to investigate and walked up to the treeline and I sat there for a minute watching and listening and my mom was begging me to come inside. Right when she started asking me to come inside I just heard was seemed to be multiple animals or people sprinting through the woods. I couldnt see anything but tons of sticks were cracking and you could hear leaves and whatever else on the forest floor being stepped on as all these things were moving quickly through the woods. It was honestly unlike anything ive ever seen in my life. And right now I honestly feel like its still out there doing something. In the m! orning I'm going out to look in the area it was hovering. This! was def initely not a drone. The hovering noise it made was too loud and the UFO was too big. If you saw this thing youd know something was very wrong here. About 4 years ago my sister described waking up in the middle of the night to something exactly like this and it makes me wonder why I never listened to her. There was definitely something out there and it was not from this planet. I swear I'm not making this up.;43.0697;-70.958
