Bright light speeds by;2006-10-26 09:45:00;2 seconds;Bright light speeds by I went outside to have a cigarette on my 3rd story deck and immediately looked up at the sky.  I swear, at the same exact time I stepped outside and looked up an EXTREMELY bright and EXTREMELY fast light seemed to soar by.  It was disorienting because I simply looked up and it caught me completely off-guard.  The sighting literally didn't last for more than a second or two.  It was extremely fast and then seemed to fade out similar to a meteor.  However, even being a bit disoriented, I could tell the light was low.  It was very low and very very fast.  I've never seen an aircraft move so fast, and especially at such a low flight height.  And, I've surely never seen a bright ball of light fade out on any type of discernable aircraft.  Not to mention, what I saw was pure ball of light, and not a segment or small light as a part of the craft.  The entire craft was light, and when it faded it seemed like I could almost make out an object still there for a very brief moment.  I know it may sound like a meteor, and that's honestly what I can best relate the sighting too except for the notable differences I mentioned-- imagine a meteor that seems like it's travelling horizontally at a height of only about 600-1000 ft.  It was so low.  There was also no observable tail like most meteor have.  It was clearly speeding across the sky-- distinctly and insanely quick.  I've gone out before to admire meteor showers and know what even the brightest meteors are like.  This sighting was far different.  The object appeared to be low and zoom directly perpendicular to the ground...  It was also too large to be a meteor.  It was the size of a pea at an arm's length from your body.  There was no discernable sound.  None at all.  I've never before seen a craft move this fast.  I've never before heard a craft make no noise at a close range.  I've never before seen a pure ball of light.  I've never before seen a luminous craft completely fade out and seemingly disappear.  And, I've never before seen a craft moving at such a high rate of speed, at such a low height.  It completely defied everything I've ever seen in the night's sky ...  even the most plausible explanation-- a giant and impressive meteor.  I am 99% certain that what I just saw was NOT a meteor, and I am 0% certain what exactly it was.;40.0022;-75.3008
