An object with white lights caught my eye, stopped in the sky and sped off;2001-11-09 19:15:00;10 seconds;An object with white lights caught my eye, stopped in the sky and sped off Another witness and myself were up at our cabin last night and witnessed a UFO.  The other witness is an ER Doctor and I am a teacher.  The conditions of this event were simply perfect.  There was not a cloud in the sky and there were not lights on anywhere in the area.  It was a perfect night for just star gazing.  Both of us have been looking at the stars for years and are avid outdoors people.  We really never expected anything like this.  It's really hard to know who to tell when something so clear, real, and strange occurs. This was real.  We both saw something in the sky we had never seen before.  He (the other witness) was writing in a journal with a headlamp.  I was sitting in a chair next to him commenting on all the jets going by.  Then a white light moving in its own flight pattern caught my periphreal vision.  It was an object with a white light that was kind of like a fog light. The light seemed to go all around it.  When I first saw it I thought it was a plane.  It seemed to be coming towards me.  I knew there was no airport anywhere nearby.  I then said, What is that.  He then stopped writing in his journal, turned off his headlamp, put on his glasses, and looked up.  In that amount of time the oject with the lights had stopped moving.  When he looked up it just hovered.  It seemed to be pretty far away and we could not tell its exact shape.  One thing that was interesting though is that there seemed to be nothing in between us and it.  It was above the trees.  It stopped when we both were looking up at it.  It felt like it was looking at us too--the strangest feeling.  It must have hung in the sky for about 2 or 3 seconds.  Then it took off at an amazing speed away from us.  It kind of went away at an angle,but once it made its move away from us, it was completely out of view in about 2 seconds.  It didn't just disappear though (as if it had turned out the lights), we could see the trail of it leaving and it was getting smaller, but then it was gone on this perfectly clear night.  Thi! s whole event took about 8-10 seconds.  It was simply fascinating.  Never had either of us even thought about such an event happening.  We did not feel that we were in harm though and look forward to sitting in those same chairs another night looking for its return. ((NUFORC Note:  Both witnesses hold jobs that require considerable formal, college education.  We spoke with one witness, and found here to be quite credible.  PD));44.5992;-86.0956
