Multiple cases of lights;2012-02-08 18:30:00;10 minutes;multiple cases of lights I was at work when a co-worker who was outside having a smoke pointed up at the sky and said look at that and I looked up at the clear night sky while using my hand to block out a spot light on the side of a building across the way. I noticed something with three red lights on it all connected in a row... all on one craft. it was stationary so I thought it was an antenna tower... until it began slowly moving in our direction. as it was heading our way we noticed a very small green light above the three red lights. the green light was lit constantly while the red lights were blinking in a random pattern. as the craft got about a few blocks away I could start to see a grayish sillohette of something but it stopped just outside the range for.my eyes to make it out. it was stopped for a good minute. it didn't hover at all just stopped in mid air. the two red lights on the outside of the three began blinking one then the other back and forth. as it was stopped ! i heard the sound of an exhaust or something like that. but when it moved again it didn't seem to turn around but took the same flight path back and the red lights were back to all three blinking in random patterns. but the green light was now orangeish. As the craft was leaving another person kept pointing out about 7 more with the same light setup all in the sane small area but farther away. Later on about ten minutes later I seen higher out about the size of a fruit fly up close but it seemed far away almost just outside the planet maybe ... but there were two crafts with two red lights and a white light between the red ones and above those three were a triangular pattern of 3 white lights. the red lights stayed solid but the white lights all were like a strobe light. everytime they flashed the crafts seemed to be a little off their flight pattern as if they were zit zagging upwards. then the two began going from left to right and were moving very fast at the distance I seen them. from one end to the other I. about ten seconds. the two crafts when going upward were all over each other. but when traveling they never broke their equal distance from one another  they also made the sky glow a little around them.;43.0037000000001;-78.8495999999997
