3 light object   hovering and stopping    witnessed in afternoon in chicago area surburb near  O'hare international airport;2003-06-12 16:50:00;15 minutes;3 light object   hovering and stopping    witnessed in afternoon in chicago area surburb near  O'hare international airport I have heard about UFO sightings. On that day I became a believer. It was sunny outside while I was sitting in the passenger side of my cousins car in a mall named Yorktown. We were waiting for some friends to meet us. I noticed a black object in the sky that was hovering in the air. I new it was not a plane because I saw planes flying in the sky. I about a 20 minute drive from Ohare airport and a 30 minute drive from Midway. It was almost 5pm and I could easier see the planes coming and going to the airports. That is why a new it was not a plane. Plus the fact planes can not hover in the air. The object sat in the air and then started moving. I could clearly see thre lights underneath it. The light were in a triangle formation. This is when I began to freakout. I grab my cousin and told him to look at the object. My exact words was what the ((deleted)) is that. I said it isnt a plan because those are planes. I pointed to planes around the area that were moving that left air steaks. The object would move and stop. Move and Stop. I do not know anything that is man made that can move in the sky and stop. This is when a began to freak out. I looked around the parking lot and looked as people went into their cars. I thought are we the only people watching this. We seem as if we were the only people watching this object. I was not like it was only appearing for a couple of seconds. I had been watching the object for at least 10 minutes. I could not believe what I was seeing. Things got interesting. The object came to a final stop and kept rising higher and higher in the sky. Suddenly a plane that was flying as high as it was, moved in the direction of the object. the object disappeared in a blink of an eye. When I was watching this object i got my cellphone out and final realized who would believe me. The police? Yeah right. I wanted to call the airport aviation. Yeah right. i told people but they look at me as if I'm crazy. i blessed to have found your sight.;41.8384344827587;-87.9626379310345
