circles of flashing lights seen over ozark mountains;2001-11-03 01:30:00;hours;circles of flashing lights seen over ozark mountains we have been seeing these objects for about 3 years now. there is often just one in the north/west low in the sky. we have seen two or three at a time but never more till about a week ago. to the east, on either side of orions belt, seeming an exact equal distance from the belt, were two very large circles and then to the left or a little north of those, we saw two more smaller circles. these circles always appear the same, they are perfectly round and flash brightly, most all flash red, blue, green, yellow, white. tho one of the four, the one to the south of orions belt, flashed, blue, purple, white only. veiwed thru binoculars they are perfectly round and the colors and flashing quite clear. with the sight slightly blurred the flashing colors are more pronounced. we have often seen one to the east by it's self and much lower on the horizon and the one to the north can be veiwed for several nights in a row most times. we have watched the one in the north and one (maybe the same one) in the west sky, move wildly. they sometimes seem to bounce around or jet back and forth. most do not move at all. the four last week were completely stationary. i checked on the possiblity of satelites and found that their discription does not at all match what we are seeing here. nor are they planes, jets or helicopters of any kind we know of. my husband was in the service for over 8 years (82nd airborne). we are educated people and generally sceptical to a logical degree. about 2 or 3 months ago army helicopters began coming around at night on a weekly basis. we've not been able to tell whether they are asociated with the circles but their increased appearance and their appearance at night goes along with an increase in our sightings of these circles. as for electrical phenomena, there has been nothing directly linked to the circles, however, since the increase in sightings and the increase in number of circles (about the last 3 months) our answering machine freaked out answering calls that never rang in ? seeming t! o dial o ut?? and finnally went out in an odd manner, our phone sounds tapped as tho someone were often listening in or when it's picked up it has an open line, my computer will often freak out doing very odd things like exchanging numbers for letters. i would not suggest that these things have anything to do with the circles but things just feel odd these days. anyway, there you have some of our story. odd but true. ((NUFORC Note:  Report appears to us not to be inconsistent with twinkling stars.  PD));36.8356;-93.2308
