Three strange lights move slowly and interact with one another in the night sky.;2003-12-24 17:20:00;10 minutes;Three strange lights move slowly and interact with one another in the night sky. Not certain what I saw.  At first I thought it (the brightest object) was an airplane.  Then I saw another (less bright) object near it and thought they were two airplanes flying in a pattern.  The brighter object, however, did not move as far as I could tell.  I called my wife to look and she thought it was some kind of light tower but it was too high in the sky for that conclusion to make any sense.  I kept thinking, this has to be a plane, because it was near a small airport where private props and small jets land and take off.  The brightest object remained stationary for about 5 to 7 minutes while the second object seemed to go back and forth toward the brighter object.  Then I noticed a third object, less bright than the other two objects, on the other side of the  brightest object.  It too seemed to move back and forth toward the brightest object.  Finall, the object with the brightest lights seemed to veer off and the other two followed it.  Some details:  the brightest object seemed to have a long rowof lights either as headlights or side lights  i looked at the objects with binoculars but could not make out and form  at one point i became afraid because the  brightest like did not move as i expected. ((NUFORC Note:  We have altered the date above to 2003, which we believe is what the witness intended.  We believe our Online Report Form may be malfunctioning.  PD));39.8855;-104.9872
It was apx. 5am Wednesday morning.I work graveyard shift out on the oil fields. My boss and three other employees get a ride to and fro;2006-12-13 05:00:00;apx. 15 mins;It was apx. 5am Wednesday morning.I work graveyard shift out on the oil fields. My boss and three other employees get a ride to and from work by our boss. Apx 10miles out of town, Mark (an employee) notice's a light in the western sky. As our boss Larry pulled over on the side of the road. Us four got out of the truck and observed a flashing blue and purple light in the sky. It was flashing in the pattern of  blue purple purple blue purple purple blue etc. Larry stated that he thought it was a satelite. Which i thought it was aswell, until about 10 mins went by, the light changed from purple and blue to a redish maroon color and than the object (light) started to move to the east at a decent speed, than the object stoped flashing and we couldnt see the light anymore..than about 2 mins. later we located it in the southern part of the sky and this time it was moving in an awkward curving motion. than the object vanished. I believe this object was possibly a star because i do not believe in ufo's lol but just thought i would inform what i have seen. Have a great day! Steve B Vegas. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.8855;-104.9872
White light, no sound stopped and changed direction. brighter then stars it passed.;2014-08-02 22:00:00;4 minutes;White light, no sound stopped and changed direction. brighter then stars it passed. Was white light brighter then a bright star it passed.  Was heading north, stopped, and started heading north east.  No flashing lights, no noise.  Probably 1500 feet from the ground;39.8855;-104.9872
