Driving home, saw 3 aircraft, 3 lights in a triangle on the 2 large ones, no cars/people for miles.  ((anonymous report);2019-09-01 02:00:00;25 seconds;Driving home after work, saw 3 aircraft, 3 lights in a triangle on the 2 large ones, no cars/people around for miles My shift runs from 3:30 p.m. till 2:00 A.M.  We usually clean up and try to be ready to go home by 1:40 A.M. every night.  And that night we did, we were out by 1:40 A.M.  It’s about a 5 minute walk to my car.   I drove out of the shipyard and decided I wanted a beer so I stopped at a gas station in Bremerton which is right on my way home.  At this point it’s about 1:50 A.M. when I left the gas station I have a 15 to 20 minute drive to my house.  I get to Gorst that’s about 10 miles or so from my house, and for some reason I start thinking how lonely it is out here there’s not a person or a car in sight.  I got a little bit of a creepy feeling about it but I brushed it off.  After all I thought to myself, it’s labor day weekend, everyone is out of town of course no one is going to be around.   So I drove on.  I get to downtown Port Orchard and as I’m driving through I couldn’t help but think about how empty it was, no cars, no people again I kind of got creeped out about it reminded me of an abandoned town.  Then I thought, it is 2:00 A.M. everything is closed there’s no business it’s labor day weekend and kept driving.  Now I’m on my final leg home I’m on Mile Hill Drive about 5 minutes from home or 3 or 4 miles.  Now let’s fast forward to what started to happen.   As I make my way up to my street I have to get in the left lane, so I glanced over to my left and changed lanes and saw some lights through the trees, I didn’t think anything of it.  Now at this point I think I drove maybe 50 more feet and looked to my left and up saw some lights.  I saw two sets of lights in the air parallel to my car.  Three in one clump and three on the other, in the shape of a triangle.  One set about a football field away and the other up and in back of the first set about a football field and a half away but trailing behind the first set. Above and behind the first set of lights.  That is something I remembered today, another detail I didn’t remember.  There is a grocery store at that corner of that intersection PJ’s market I first thought the lights were coming from the store.  Then I realized that store is closed, and immediately I did a double take and didn’t take my eye off the lights.  Those lights weren’t coming from the store they were above the store and coming down they were moving.  Now remember I’m in the left turn lane driving maybe 10 MPH and I could not see what this was, only lights.  I didn’t put two and together.  That is until the first set of lights starting getting brighter and brighter they were blinding, they were so bright I couldn’t see what was behind those lights, what was this holy ((word deleted)).  My vision actually got a little blurry.  So I stopped my car I was about 10 ft.  from the intersection, I kept saying out loud what is this I have to watch this holy ((word deleted))) what is it. ((three words deleted))   what is this.  Don’t get out of your car just watch it and see what it is.  Because I wanted to get out but didn’t I didn’t know what this was.  But I wasn’t scared that’s the strange! part.  Now this thing is coming straight down, it lit up the whole intersection it was almost directly over my car and coming down and I’m watching it and just keeps getting brighter as it’s coming down.  Now this thing stops descending and I’m looking up at it maybe 150ft. in the air and to my left above the store and the lights are not in eyes anymore.  I can see it,  It’s round slighty domed shaped on top, not a radical dome a slightly rounded top.  I would have to say 70 to 100ft. in diameter and flat on the bottom. It’s hovering, directly across from me, but only for a couple of seconds then it starts to slowly move directly over my car and down, at first I couldn’t see what the bottom looked like because of the lights.  As this craft moved over my car two of the lights went over my car and were not in my eyes, and now I could the bottom of this thing about half of it.  It was flat and gray and it was not shiny it reminded me of the same material used on a fighter jet.  I’ve seen plenty of those I know what that looks like.  It cou! ld have been painted metal too.  Now it’s about 50ft. from the top of my car about 30ft. above the power lines I saw one landing gear perfectly, it was retracted to it’s belly, half white half metal and it had a tire on it I could see it, it was that close.  The one light was recessed into the belly like what would be in the ceiling in a home.  The craft was rotating as well as moving to my right.  It moved directly over my car.  It started moving further over my car.  So I pressed my face up against the window so I could see what it was doing.  Now I can only see the very edge of it so I leaned over my steering wheel to see what I can see above me.  I looked up and what I saw was a smaller craft, about 20ft. wide hovering in front of me and a little to the left across the street above the power lines it rotated in place and was now sideways to me.  I could see the windows they were blacked out, about a half dozen but they were small this was a smaller craft. The fuselage ran the whole length of the craft and stuck out the back end.  The craft was not completely round, round in the front and batwing shaped in the back and the fuselage hung out over the back it was round and came to a point.  If you look at a stingray that’s what it looked but not round in the back.  Also remember, the intersection is still lit up, the big one is still above me and I have no Idea about where the second set of lights went at the beginning of all this.  Ok so now the small craft is in front of me hovering sideways it flies toward the center of the intersection makes a left drops down to about 10 ft. above the road flying east towards Seattle.  And then the lights go out the intersection goes back to normal with the street lights on.  I’m fixated at this little craft flying directly in front of me down the street.  It flies for a couple of blocks and illuminates in a light red glow.  I’m absolutely amazed at this point I can’t believe what I’m seeing.  It’s glowing red and ju! st takes off faster than anything I have ever seen.  I can see Seattle and the water from where I am.  It flew over the water, left a green luminescent trail behind it over the water, I saw bright white flash over the mountains and it disappeared in probably a second or two. I saw no jet blast and heard no sound.  Picture this I’m in the middle of the road in the middle of night not one car not one person all by myself wondering what the ((word deleted)) just happened.  It took me about 10 seconds after it was all over to figure out what do.  I just stared straight ahead in disbelief  and looked up to my left.  I said time to go home and drove home.  Mike was home I couldn’t tell him I couldn’t tell anybody at that point. I was trying to comprehend what just happened.  The next couple of days were kind of strange.  I felt very alone, and kind of trapped.  I have been very confused in my own thoughts.  Carrying on a conversation has been very hard unless I’m talking about this and even then my thoughts wonder.  Since this happened I’m a little paranoid driving home at night and I’m wondering when they’re coming back.  Because they will be back.   To me that’s they’re take off point.  That’s not the first time they’ve launched from that point.  It was to precise, to fast and absolutely flawless.  And all of it lasted I would say at most from beginning to end maybe 25 seconds.  And that’s with me watching the small craft fly down the road.  How did they know to take off from there?  It’s their runway.  Like I said they’ll be back whether I see it or not is another story.  But somebody will.  Now it’s time for a dash cam.  I wish I would have had one.  So anyway I will end this right here.  I want you all to know I love you all very much and we’ll talk soon.;47.5111679104479;-122.603735074627
