Blue orb, no shadow, no ambient light in rural farm land, moved slowly then down into the valley across from the farm;1987-07-01 20:30:00;7-8 minutes;Blue orb, no shadow, no ambient light in rural farm land, moved slowly then down into the valley across from the farm This is a true story and my own experience as I remember it.  The year was 1987.  I was twelve years old visiting my grandparents dairy farm in (Viola) rural southwest Wisconsin.  We had just finished a hot day of working in the fields and were relaxing on the back porch at dusk when we noticed a bluish white light moving in between the thick trees of the forest view we so often enjoyed from the back deck of their farm house throughout the years.  My first thought was someone with a flashlight, but that would soon prove to be false, it stayed constant.  As we sat there viewing this oddity, my grandfather, who had served his country in the Navy in WWII and seen everything with an unwavering ability to be brave, suddenly had an inability to explain what we were witnessing and his fear of this unknown was when I knew we were seeing something strange indeed.  As this “orb” of light (for lack of better words) made its way into the open field from out of the steep! valley filled with trees, this thing never deviated speed or distance from the ground, nor cast any sort of ambient light on the ground surrounding it.  It was in itself a light.  Almost self contained, if that makes sense.  Just unexplainable.  It just kept moving in one direction.  All at once this orb of light, which was at this time some 250 to 300 yards from our position on the back porch, turned and was heading right in our direction.  As it got closer I decided I’d get up and get a better look as it got closer.  My grandfather, visibly worried told me not to move a muscle.  I sat back down as we watched this thing pass in between his house and the pole shed where he kept all of their farm equipment, and out of sight.  To this day I’ve never seen anything like it and have never found any sort of an explanation for what we had witnessed.;43.5056;-90.657
