I saw 6-8 huge incredibly bright lights over a house, with a cluster of smaller colourful lights next to it, which suddenly disappeared;2001-03-03 04:34:00;8 min;I saw 6-8 huge incredibly bright lights over a house, with a cluster of smaller colourful lights next to it, which suddenly disappeared My dog woke me up by barking. When he needs to go outside at night, he usually waits until my husband or myself gets out of bed to use the washroom. My dog never barks unless he hears strange noises or someone comes to the door. Because of this, I thought him barking was due to something he heard downstairs. I didn't think anything of it. Seeing as I was awake, I sat up and he jumped off the bed and headed to the door of the bedroom, which means he wants to go outside. I had left the light on out back. I opened the door leading to the deck and watched him while I waited for him to finish. He had just been neutered the day before so I was watching him very closely to make sure he wasn't trying to remove his stitches. He walked down the deck and looked in a South Eastern direction. I kept watching him for about 20 seconds when I looked up and saw an incredibly bright light. The street lights on our main road are orange in colour and this thing was bright bright white. Because my husband and I had gone to his mother's for her birthday on the weekend, our camcorder just happened to be close by, so I grabbed the camera and video taped the light. When I was zooming in, I noticed that there were smaller lights next to the huge ball of white lights, but didn't see it until I watch the footage after. I tried squinting to see the huge object better because I didn't have my glasses on and I had just woken up. I noticed that it was round and had 4 large lights on top and 4 large lights on the bottom. The smaller lights next to the big one had two blinking red and blue lights, one white light underneath, and two other white light under the single light. There was also one small white light to the side of this last cluster. I don't know if these clusters were stars (too bright for stars in my opinion, plus they disappeared) or a reflection. I filmed this with the door open, and I couldn't hear any strange sounds other than the usual sounds at that time of night. I decided to go and get my glasses from upstairs so I could make out how many lights there were. I shut the camera off, put it down on my counter and turned to shut the patio door, when I noticed the light was gone. I picked up the camera again and filmed where it was. The small cluster was still there so I filmed that. I also filmed this morning, to compare where I had seen the lights to make sure it wasn't something that I was forgetting, like a baseball field etc...the only thing around that area is trees, trees and more trees....oh and one street light, which cannot be seen from my back deck.;43.3309;-79.8872000000001
