This object left as it came, leaving me with thoughts as to what it might have been and did anyone else see it???;2007-04-20 22:00:00;aprox 1 min;This object left as it came, leaving me with thoughts as to what it might have been and did anyone else see it??? April 20, 2007. My son and I were sitting outside on our balcony when he pointed out a odd sight in the sky in front of us.  There was a street light orange col or shape in the sky almost like a square with a ball at each point.   First I thought maybe it's a flare but the shape, the a fire cracker but again the shape and color plus there were no more, no reason.   A fireball, there was smoke, I thought to myself a plane, a government test item, space debris?   I don't know and still wonder about it.  I am 42 and have never ever seen nothing like it before.   Off in the distance there are those towers with the red lights well the object appeared just between and above their height above the city of Burlington I'd estimate. The time is unclear I'd say between 10 and 11 P.M.;43.3309;-79.8872000000001
Yellow-Orange Orbs, clustered, yet in formation. Almost in parallel sets of 2. Moving quicker than a plane, much brighter than stars;2012-09-22 22:30:00;roughly 2-3 mins;Yellow-Orange Orbs, clustered, yet in formation. Almost in parallel sets of 2. Moving quicker than a plane, much brighter than stars At approximately 10:30 P.M in Waterdown, Ontario. My girlfriend and I spotted a cluster of 10-15 bright orange/yellow (more orange in color) orbs moving across the sky. They were moving faster than planes based on the fact of personal experience seeing air-planes moving through the sky. They were slightly less bright than the moon, but they were much, much brighter than stars. They were circular orbs in shape, but the strange thing was is that they were in a formation in sets of twos. Both orbs in the “sets” looked as if they were parallel with each other. While moving, the sets never gained distance nor height in proximity to their partners. The other sets were at different heights but from my standpoint they looked rather close to the other sets (Maybe a few hundred yards apart from their actual location.) They all moved at roughly the same speed. I am no physicist so i am unable to calculate the degree to which i was looking at the orbs. They looked much! lower to the ground than a normal air-plane though. I am not sure what other information you guys need but if you need any other information from me or this was not enough detail feel free to contact me via email or phone calls. From my standpoint, the aircraft moved about 30 feet (between the houses) within 60 seconds, possibly less. Perhaps your team could compute an apparent velocity regarding the information just given. I would appreciate being kept up to date with any other information regarding this. This is a serious reporting, i am a little freaked out myself and i would like an explanation. If you guys need anymore information or details feel free to contact me. My girlfriend will be submitting her version of this sighting within the next couple of days. I know what air-planes look like, as well as stars, the moon, shooting stars, northern lights, etc. These were distinct orbs moving fast. Something neither i nor my girlfriend have seen before. I hope this is enough. I have already contacted the hotline and spoke to an individual at your center. I was told to submit this report as soon as possible. Location- We were facing 165 degrees South/Southeast from the coordinates (43degrees 20’45’’ N, 79degrees 52’59’’ W).;43.3309;-79.8872000000001
