...the red lights were actually hovering over the truck stopped in the middle of Hwy 87.;2012-01-06 19:45:00;10 minutes;...the red lights were actually hovering over the truck stopped in the middle of Hwy 87. Report taken by Missouri Investigators Group. The witness left his business in Columbia, Mo., around 7:15PM on Friday, January 6, and drove the same route he took each evening to his home just on the outskirts of Boonville, Mo.  He was driving south on Highway 87 having just passed Old Highway 87 when he noticed reds lights in the middle of the road just ahead not quite to Clarks Fork.   Thinking he was coming up to an accident he slowed down.  The witness pulled to the side of the road and stopped his car.  He grabbed a flashlight, turned it on and shone it toward the pick up truck.   It was then that he realized the red lights were actually hovering over the truck stopped in the middle of Hwy 87.  The UFO then moved up and headed east toward Columbia.  The pick up truck sped off.  The UFO turned around and came back to the witness.  He reached for a camera but everything happened too fast the Unknown was coming directly at him.  It stopped over his car and he could see orange and reddish lights reflected on the hood.  It seemed to! be coming down. The window was open and he leaned out thinking it might be a helicopter.  There was no prop noise only a deep bass sound with the rhythm of a heart beat.  Luckily it moved off and left him.  He arrived at his home at about 8PM. The next day his face was red and he felt slightly sick to his stomach and very thirsty.  He continues to be upset by theincident. I examined the car about a week later and there seemed to be no damage or anything unusual from the incident.  I also searched the area for the other witness in the truck but could not find him. Included is a link to a Google Map of the area. http://g.co/maps/b3gn9  Barbara Becker / MIG;38.9524;-92.7471
((HOAX??))  my friend and I was like what was that??  looklike an UFO.. not a airplane?  ((anonymous report));2018-08-08 16:00:00;sitting in the car;my friend and I was like what was that?? looklike an UFO.. not a airplane? it was gray, no wings like a airplane, low flying,but fast, look like missiles shape, only one. you heard no sound from it, seen passing over the ciy buildings. ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.9524;-92.7471
