A small light zigzaging and hovering then stopped and disappeared over southwest Washington.;2000-08-21 21:20:00;4min;A small light zigzaging and hovering then stopped and disappeared over southwest Washington. My friend and I where out looking for sattilites when we both saw a round yellowish white light.  It flew southeast then took a sharp V like turn  to the Northeast.  Then it zigzagged across the sky then stopped and  hovered for about 1 minute. We could see no other lights on port or starboard side.   Then it moved in a zigzag pattern again East Northeast for approx. 20 seconds, hovered again, And then it seemed like it shut off its lights and was no longer visable.  The observers have never seen or reported a sighting before.;45.6073;-122.4147
A sphere falling from the sky in the south.;2001-07-22 23:21:00;1.5 sec.;A sphere falling from the sky in the south. My best friend and I were outside looking at some stars when to the south, we saw a whitish, greenish and blue object.  The object was falling from about 1/4 of the sky for about 1.5 sec. and then it faded out.  This was one day after our 11th month anniversary of our sighting last year.;45.6073;-122.4147
Witnessed a gold sphere, completed round, hovering at my window that appeared to be made of some form of allied metal.;2017-05-28 16:15:00;1 minutes;Witnessed a gold sphere, completed round, hovering at my window that appeared to be made of some form of allied metal. At approximately 6:15pm, I walked from my great room area into our adjacent kitchen area.  I had noted that there was a high level of electrical activity and energy in our home that day.  Lots of static electricity and pulses felt by my children and I throughout the day and an odd sense that something was happening worldwide in reference to terrorism and a sense of potential earthquake.   As I walked into the kitchen area I felt something watching me and I looked instinctively to my dining area windows located in the back of my home on the western side and I saw a gold sphere hovering in the middle window.  It was completely round, gold in color and was larger then a basketball but smaller then a beach ball.  It seemed to almost follow my movement from the greater room into the kitchen area and was as if peering through the window observing me.   I wondered about drone capabilities and or other forms of surveillance equipment as I looked at the sphere which then seemed almost zipped up into a stealth mode right in front of me and was not visible any longer.  I thought I should report this.;45.6073;-122.4147
2 orange-yellow balls of light traveled and then stopped, pulsating and flickering in and out;2021-03-23 20:28:00;15 minutes;2 orange-yellow balls of light traveled and then stopped, pulsating and flickering in and out I was with my daughter walking our dog at night. I initially saw 3 round lights that seemed to be surrounded by at least 2 helicopters (sound, lights recognizable). 1 disappeared behind tree cover and the other 2 stopped and stayed in the same position, high above some homes and a treed area east of me. Because they stopped moving and were unusual in shape and color, I decided to start filming them with my phone camera. At first I held my phone but I was moving too much so I propped my elbows on a mailbox and continued to film. They are circular and seem to pulsate. Towards the end of the video the thing on the right starts to flicker and blink out a little. The stationary lights below are street lights. I am standing on the uphill portion of a street and our neighborhood is on the top of a hill. After I stopped filming I went home (just around the corner, but I couldn't see them from my house) so we jumped in my car to see if we could get closer for a bette! r look. I drove on a road that took us south but I couldn't find a better view. When I turned around and went back to the place we were at before, both of them were gone. I have a video, and this was reported to another agency who investigated and found this incident to be unknown/unidentifiable.;45.6073;-122.4147
