I observed two boomerang shaped objects in the sky, they both had a orange neon glow and dissapeared in the sky after about 15 sec.;2019-09-28 09:30:00;15 seconds;I observed two boomerang shaped objects in the sky, they both had a orange neon glow and dissapeared in the sky after about 15 sec. UFO Sighting 9/28/19 2130hrs  Last night as I was walking my dog I was looking to the sky and observed a strange object.  I was looking in a Northeast direction.  There appeared on the horizon a large boomerang shape ascending in the sky. It had a neon orange glow and slowly ascended.  Once it rose into the sky another identical object appeared on the horizon, it was several hundred feet behind the first and was traveling along the same path.  I followed both visually until the first one reached straight overhead when it disappeared.  I continued to follow the second object until it reached the point where the first disappeared.  At the same point in the sky this second object disappeared.  There was no sound at any time and they were traveling at about the same speed as an airliner would.  The image below is not of the object but looks very similar.;33.6058;-86.1106
Lights moving across the night sky.  ((Starlink satellites?));2020-04-30 22:00:00;10-15 minutes;Lights moving across the night sky My wife and I witnessed these reddish white lights traveling in a straight line. I am a master machinist and my wife does advertising for an internet company. We are in our early 30s. I was walking out to my truck to get something and the moon caught my attention. So I was just looking at the moon pondering how crazy it is that it's even there, and I notice that the stars are moving in a straight line. They looked like distant stars that were moving from my right to left. I looked at the other stars and they weren't moving. It took me a second to realize that they were even moving, then I realized that there were more to the right. They were moving in a straight line. It's hard to tell how far away they were. They wereoving very smoothly. It was very odd at the least. They made no sound. That's when I yelled for my wife to come look and make sure she could see it also. They just kept coming in that straight line, very fast but not fast I know it sounds weird! but there were prolly 15 to 20 I would say. It gives me the chills. Never seen anything like it. Definitely not planes or helicopters or drones. I am still asking her every couple of hours what do you make of what we saw last night and she says I have no idea honey. So I googled to see 9f anything or anyone had witnessed it also last night or for similar sightings by people in the past to get an explanation and it led me to this website.;33.6058;-86.1106
