Perfect Triangular Formation of Silent Star-Like Lights Heading South Lasting About 1 1/2 Minutes;2003-07-30 00:05:00;1 1/2 Minutes;((NUFORC Note:  The report is consistent with a sighting of the three satellites that frequently are reported to NUFORC.  They are thought to be U. S. Navy satellites, which are part of the NOSS surveillance satellite system.  The satellites are reported for on the order of several weeks, and then they disappear, for some reason not known to us.  PD)) Perfect Triangular Formation of Silent Star-Like Lights Heading South Lasting About 1 1/2 Minutes Last night...7/29/03...it was very clear...so...about 11:30 PM...I got my lounge chair...binoculars...and flashlight...and went out on the Deck to lay back and look up.  I'm in a Wooded Rural Area...there are No City or Street Lights to intefere with the view.  I was hoping to see Meteors or Satellites, along with just studying the Milky Way and Star formations in general.  I saw a few fast Meteors...didn't see any satellites going by...which I usually do.  I was just enjoying looking with my naked eye and then looking through the binoculars at the same spot to see SO MANY more Stars...It was Fun.  At 12:05 AM, I noticed what I thought was a Satellite almost straight up in the sky...a little off to the right...and heading South...Southeast.  Then...through the binoculars...I noticed that there were 2 Stars that were Side By Side !!!  Identical pace and direction.  Then as I followed them I noticed that there was another lead Star about 2 1/2 times the distance between the 2 rear stars.  All 3 in a Perfect Triangle !  The Formation was perfect with No Deviation.  They were not planes...there was no sound.  They appeared to be in Deep Space...just like a Satelite moves.  I checked to see if the sky was blacked out within the triangle ?  Meaning that it was a Solid Object.  But NO...I could see Stars between them...so each was and individual light.  I have seen Satellites many times...but they travel alone.  Sometimes I've seen 2 Satellites traveling in different directions at the same time.  But NEVER have I seen 3 Satellites travel in formation ?!!!  PERFECT formation I might add !  I followed them as they headed South towards Orien's Belt...then as they moved on they started to fade...and then I lost them.  The sighting lasted about 1 minute or more.  Were these Satellites ?  Do Satellites travel in Perfect Triangular Formation ?  Did anyone else see these lights?  I have an Art Background and a Keen Eye for Shapes and Measures and Good Observation Skills...These Light did not deviate ! from the formation at all...never saw anything like this! I would like to know if this Formation was seen by others ?;41.1230666666667;-75.0309333333333
