Long string of red pulsating sequential lights moving in a northerly direction.;2014-01-15 20:30:00;7 minutes;Long string of red pulsating sequential lights moving in a northerly direction I was driving home down a dark back road.  For some reason I looked up to my left and I saw a HUGE formation of red lights in a long line.  There were at least 10-15 lights in a row dimly pulsating but sequentially.  When I spotted it I immediately said what the HELL is that and I never say hell in front of my kids. Immediately I thought...wait, it has to be a string of lights over a  production plant or something because there were several in the area.  Or maybe part of a tower even though they were horizontal.  So I thought maybe they were on the top of a very tall fence or strung across something.  It looked pretty close and low like maybe a half mile away.   When I went down a hill, it went behind the trees and when I popped up it had moved.  This continued and I continued watching it move steadily across in front of me and eventually continue on to my right. I was travelling due West and it went from south to north so now I knew it was not stationary lights.  During this time, I could see it in relation to several planes flying overhead and could tell it was much further out then they were, therefore, further than I had thought in the first place.  It wasn't in outer space.  It as within the radar airspace, but higher than a fixed engine would fly. I was driving so I couldn't count the lights and study it for long periods of time.  I had to keep looking at the road so I wouldn't wreck and I didn't want to pull over on a narrow shoulder on this dark road.  I noticed that it looked like it was in fog because the lights were hazy and would look as if they would just dim out any minute as they were pulsating so I thought the sky must be hazy but after I got to where I could no longer see it,.  Looked up and noticed that all the planes and stars were very bright.  The sky was crystal clear with a very bright moon. This thing was either a formation of many crafts or it was one HUGE craft that had lights outlining it.  I got the impression that it was probably a massive craft with lights on it because there was also a light in front of it and also because the lights stayed in such a perfect straight line.  It moved very very slowly and if it was so far away that it looked hazy and slow, then that means it was far bigger than I thought.  Just one light was the size of the planes in the sky maybe little smaller so if you can imagine at least 10-15 red lights lined up in a row, that is one big UFO. Even if I had taken a picture, it wouldn’t have turned out because the lights were so dim, not at all bright like the planes. I am 46 and have never seen anything like this. It was totally unfamiliar and unusual.;33.9916;-83.8900999999999
Beams of light over Rabbit Hill Park suddenly disappear;2015-09-21 00:15:00;90 seconds;Beams of light over Rabbit Hill Park suddenly disappear Driving home late around midnight on Hurricane Shoals Rd.,  What I thought were stadium lights caught my eye to the south over Rabbit Hill Park.  But I immediately noticed it was not stadium lights.  There were 6 extremely bright beams coming from a stationary craft which was obscured by the brightness of the lights.  The 6 lights were set in a rectangular shape and did not shine in a cone shape as you would expect, but straight and sharp, making one large beam of light.  It was too high to be stadium lights.  The lights were brighter than any lights I had ever seen.  I slowed down and continued to observe.  The beams were projected toward the ground at a slight angle.  There was no sound.  I continued to look at it, trying to figure out what it was and suddenly the beams shifted.  I continued to watch and drive until trees got in my way.   At that point I immediately turned my car around so I could go back and get a better look.  No sooner had I turned around, the objec! t was gone.  No lights, no nothing. It was gone within 5 seconds.  I had goose bumps all over and raced home to get my brother.  The goose bumps would not go away!  We both went back to the park and drove around trying to figure out what it was or to see if we could see it again.;33.9916;-83.8900999999999
