A large, silent, fast moving object with lights moving back and forth over my neighborhood.;2004-02-16 20:30:00;5 minutes;A large, silent, fast moving object with lights moving back and forth over my neighborhood. At about 8:30 I went outside my home to take a bag to the trash.  I saw overhead what caught my eye as a flash of bright light that appeared to be at first directly above my house.  (Standing on the porch it was directly overhead when it came it's stopping/ reversing point at that side of it's pattern.)  Looking up, i saw that the object was actually moving in a kind of back and forth motion over head, so that it looked like it was making a zig-zaging pattern, appearing to be very close overhead above the treetops. It was moving quickly, coming to a stop then making very sharp reversals above so that it seemed to appear and disspear as it moved out of sight beyound what I could see over the roof.  (Hence the flash impression that caught my eye).  The object above the lights was dark and hard to see because the lights  were clustered on the bottom that were very bright.  The lights themselves were green, blue white and red in a cluster pattern appearing to be underneath the object. I was not able to see above the lights other than an impression of a shadow, above the lights but I was not able to tell the shape of it.   Mr Davenport asked for a comparision to the full moon in size and I believe that though there was not a full moon here tonight, this would have obscured it if it has passed in front.  There was absolutely no sound from the object.  It appeared to me to be much lower than a normal aircraft would be, appearing to be not much higher than the tops of the elm trees along the edge of the fence.  The object appeared to be moving back and forth quickly and would disappear from view beyond the roof of the house and then reappear because of it’s flight pattern.  This went on for a few minutes.  I lost the object when I went inside to get my camera when I came back outdoors the object was not visible.  In terms of other conditions, here it was about  20 F outside, and quite clear with many stars visible.  After watching for a few minutes to see if the object would reappear I returned to the house and found my 3 cats VERY excited and agitated though I couldn’t see anything inside that would have caused them to be. (there were very calm and behaving normally beforehand) I heard no noise at all. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness at length, and we were impressed with both her, and her report!  She sounds to us to be an exceptionally bright, and forthright, person.  Our suspicion is that the sighting occurred precisely as described above.  The witness is studying for a very responsible position.  PD));40.6844;-73.4183
