Hovering orange-redish light ball slowly took power out of street lights down my street as I was laying on the back of a car.;1997-08-09 22:40:00;20-25 minutes;Hovering orange-redish light ball slowly took power out of street lights down my street as I was laying on the back of a car. I was a teenager and I was hanging out one summer night on the back of my grandma’s Lincoln in her driveway looking up at the sky. there was a couple street lights on down the way but where I was it was a little bit darker. I know that it was past 10 PM because my grandma was watching one of her tv programs and it was a summer night so all the windows were open and I could hear the TV on not really loud but loud enough to know it was on from where the car was parked. I looked to the east and I saw what appeared to be at first I thought it look like a rising sun and I thought OK that’s weird and I was sober I was a teenager and was not high on any drugs. I watched approach my direction coming east to west and behind me is a place called Indian lake and we lived right off of Indian lake you had to walk up the hill across the street and then down to a little place and you could go right to the lake and that seem like the direction path it was going but I did no! t know that when I first saw it. I noticed that the wind changed it got like very very very windy like insane like unbelievable and I couldn’t hear anything but that wind the TV I didn’t hear anymore and it was like I was in a different place. But I was still sitting on the back of the car I just sat up and was about to get jump off of the car and run into the house to go get my grandma but I couldn’t I couldn’t move and what happened was I watch this reddish orange thing change from like a bright orange to look more reddish color and when it would go over each Street light The street light would turn off and it would like light up a heavier I don’t even know how to explain it but the wind was insane. It felt like time stopped but it was windy and really weird it got to the point where the light from the ufo was lighting up the dark part of the street that I was on and it came over top of me about 20 feet above and I don’t know what happened but all I could see was an inten! se red/orange light I couldn’t even make out anything but the ! light an d at that time I was still trying to get off of the back of the car and my body wouldn’t let me do it. I felt weird and distorted like it was more seconds but it wasn’t it was almost 2025 minutes that it passed when I finally came to and was able to slide off of the car and freakishly jelly leg shakey leg run into the house to see if my grandma had witnessed what I witnessed. When it was above me and I couldn’t move it didn’t stop it kind of raised up higher and then took off and the wind was so insane and then absolutely nothing, nothing no noise nothing and then boom TV sound comes back on I think the power went out in the house because I couldn’t see anything and then all the power came back on after this thing took off. The street lights however stayed off but they did come on the next day and I found that to be really weird. After it took off it headed west towards the lake and I could see it and it was very bright and I ran into the house and I went right to my grandma! who was sittin on the couch and  she had no concept of anything that I just happened she didn’t see any lights she did say that the power flickered but then it came right back on so I don’t know and I looked at the time because she had a clock right there by the TV and it said like 1105 1106 pm and my heart was pounding and I just felt like I could run a marathon with the amount of energy I had pumping through me. After that night I would always make sure someone was outside with me if I was in the driveway like that I never saw it in the driveway again but I did see the same bright ball of light orange red up at the lake occasionally hovering it seem like it was like they’re like it live there or across the lake I’m not sure so maybe five times i saw if after that and had other witnesses but they just tried to explain away and I never got an answer about what it really was. it just produced an insane amount of wind when i encountered it.;40.4992;-83.9168
Very bright light.;2020-07-18 23:15:00;90 seconds;Very bright light. My wife and I were out in our back yard taking pics of comet Neowise.  She had gone to sit down.  I noticed a bright light with what appeared to be a light bluish beam far off to the west.  I went back and got the camera from my wife and started filming as it began to pass over the area.  She did not see it due to where she was sitting.  I had gone further into the back yard away from the trees so I could get a better view.  It seemed about 1500 feet up traveling from west to east, there was no noise coming from it at all.  It was as bright as burning magnesium but with what seemed to be a bluish tint.  There were no blinking lights like normal aircraft.  I have been an amateur astronomer for about 35 years and have never seen anything like this before. I can give a copy of the video but my internet is very slow.;40.4992;-83.9168
I was going outside to let my dog out and try the astrophotography mode on my phone when I saw this white ball of light looking like a;2020-10-15 00:10:00;1 minute;I was going outside to let my dog out and try the astrophotography mode on my phone when I saw this white ball of light looking like a bright star floating in the sky. This isn't Venus (not the right time to see it) or Rigel (wrong part of the sky). It's about as far up in elevation as the little single prop job planes go. It was also super quiet. This town is small and quiet at this time of year so anything in the sky with an engine or a beak is easily heard over a breeze.  It floated relatively stably, moved slowly but not laterally like a fixed wing aircraft, and entirely too quiet to be rotary.  My phone has a really great camera that does image stabilization, so the video shows the movement of the light as well as the maple branch off to the left of the screen without relaying my shaking.  I have also included a secondary video of the sky, taken later, to show the difference in the brightest object available (Mars), as well as other stars, to show how difficult it is for the video camera to normally pick up faint light.;40.4992;-83.9168
