UFO spotted over Chicago's Southwest suburbs;2005-09-30 23:23:00;5 minutes;UFO spotted over Chicago's Southwest suburbs On the evening of 30-Sept-05 we were sitting on our friends deck when we spotted 2 red lights in the sky (I believe the southeast?).  A few of us noticed a very faint 3rd red light every now and then.  The lights were more or less stationary but when they did move, the drifted from our right to left.  The lights would flicker, but not is any sort of routine.  The two lights were on an appx 45 degree angle from each other.  The third light that a few of us saw was on an opposite 45 degree angle, thus causing the 3 lights to form a triangle.  After seeing the pictures from the Halloween incident last year, I would say these are the same lights.  After about 5 minutes, 1 light seemd to just disappear then about 30 seconds later, the second light took off to the east in a rather high rate of speed.  To us, it appeared that the lights were too high to be helicopters and we are certain the were not airplanes because they were stationary for most of the time.  We did not hear any sound, but we were not able to tell exactly how far away the lights were. The conditions that evening were a little chilly but the sky was free of clouds. None of us were witnees to the event last October but we did hear about it in the papers and other family memebrs did witness it.  We are curious to find out what these lights were. (NUFORC Note:  All reports of the two sightings (23:15 hrs., 30SE05, and 01:10 hrs., 01OC05) from Illinois will be passed along to Dr. Mark Rodighier, Director of the CENTER FOR UFO STUDIES, Chicago, as well as to Mr. Dave Marler, State Director of the MUTUAL UFO NETWORK for the State of Illinois, who will pass them along to his Field Investigators in the Chicago area.   We would be most grateful if witnesses to this event would please submit a detailed report of their sighting, using the ONLINE REPORT FORM on our website, and we will pass those reports along to those two investigators above.   PD));41.6619;-87.7937
