Encounter with small UFO drone-type object;1977-06-01 02:00:00;2-3 minutes;Encounter with small UFO drone-type object    This was an unusual encounter unlike any that most people describe. For the 13 years that followed, I assumed it was just a bad dream, that was until my Mother described having had witnessed something exactly identical that had also occurred to her 13 years prior, in the same location but on a different night. One evening in 1977, in a small apartment building in Hanna City, Illinois, I as a 5 yr old child, had been awoken to something that was incomprehensible and terrifying.  This particular night, I went into my Mother’s bed to sleep which was not routine for me. Sometime during the night, I was awoken by a strange cylindrical, machine-like object. It was approximately the size of a coffee can, maybe a little bigger. It hovered 3 to 4 inches off the floor and spun silently as it moved around the bedroom. There was a slight glow around this object and it seemed to almost have intelligence about it. How it got into the building, I don’t know. I was positioned on the right side of my Mother’s queen-sized bed, and she was asleep on the left. She never awoke during my witnessing of this object. I first noticed it as it entered through the bedroom door on the right hand side of the room. It was metallic and appeared to have sharp edges. After it made its entrance into the bedroom, it hovered in front of the foot of the bed going right to left. I could see its glow cast just below the foot before it had emerged into sight. It then proceeded to come back and make a turn around the right front portion of the bed and slowly approached me along the right side of the bed still hovering/spinning approximately 3-4 inches off the floor. As it made its way to just below where I was sitting watching it, it ascended up to my level. At this point I was paralyzed with terror, I could not scream or move. I lost all consciousness and never had another experience like it again. I have no memory of what occurred after that, what it was, or why it was there. 13 years later, when I was 18, the experience came up in conversation between Mom and I somehow, and I learned it was not just a dream. She had the exact, identical experience, same description, and same outcome as I did. Since then, we have been completely at a loss for an explanation of what it was. We have been trying to find other’s with the same experience/sighting. I have a feeling it may have been some type of alien drone or probe, for it wasn’t much like a ghost or apparition. I have read about hundreds of E.T. and UFO sightings, but nothing is described to like what my Mother and I witnessed. I have had only one actual, “typical” UFO sighting since that thing in the bedroom.  In February, 1994, at  Ft.  Leonardwood, MO.  Between the hours of 10:00 & 11:00, on a clear day, there was a silver, diamond-shaped UFO in the sky moving in all sorts of sharp angular directions, and traveling from one end of the sky to the other in just fractions of a second, which must have been at least 200 miles ground distance. I had no other witnesses, but I was fully coherent and aware of what I was witnessing. It was visible for maybe about a minute, and it took off and disappeared from sight. I have no question about the UFO sighting in Missouri, for it seems to be like one of thousands of accounts. But nothing compares to the mechanical-cylindrical object that both my Mother and I witnessed on different occasions without knowledge of each other’s experience of it. I would love to know if anyone has an idea of what it really was, what its purpose was, and why only my Mother and I had the experience with it. To this day, I’m baffled but open to any explanation. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident in 1977 is approximate.  PD));40.6788;-89.796
