I observed a triangle in the sky.;2007-11-02 21:05:00;30 seconds;I observed a triangle in the sky. I was traveling westbound on Hwy 120, toward Dallas. When I was approximately one mile East of Lost Mountain Road, I observed a row of bright white lights that were at an unknown distance ahead of me and appeared to be heading east. From my perspective these lights were slightly above the tree line. As the aircraft got closer I observed what appeared to be a large, light blue lamp on the bottom. This lamp blinked slowly, unlike strobes on other aircraft that I have observed. At this time, I estimated the altitude of the aircraft to be to be 4,000 to 5,000 feet and it was slightly to my left. This is when I was able to see that the aircraft had a distinct triangular shape. The surface was dark compared to the sky above, which was a lighter shade of gray. The fuselage and the wing were one in the same. From this perspective, almost below the aircraft, there was one white light at each corner of the triangle. The forward most angle of the triangle was slightly greater then the two angles that were equal in the aft section of it. I immediately turned left into a community ballpark in an attempt to continue watching this flying machine. Unfortunately, light pollution from the ball field obscured my view.;33.8907;-84.6999999999999
I saw an object with three red, flashing lights forming a triangle flying low over my neighborhood.;2008-08-08 05:00:00;aprox 1 min;I saw an object with three red, flashing lights forming a triangle flying low over my neighborhood. I was out walking the dog around 5-5:30 on Friday August 8, 2008, I believe. I know it was dark outside. I saw heard the sound of a jet plane passing far overhead and looked to see if I could find the plane. What I saw was three large red flashing lights arranged in an equilateral triangle, traveling much closer to the ground than most flying vehicles normally fly. The object came from behind some trees to the SW and flew, in a straight line and at a steady rate, to the NE, where it disappeared again behind trees. I could not see a form or a reflection because the sky was so dark, but I could not see other objects in the area between the lights. I cannot approximate how low the object was flying because it was so dark, but it is significantly lower than I have hitherto ever seen an object flying. I did not see the trees respond to its passing, so I assume it was well above them. I though the jet-sound was coming from this vehicle until I noticed a jet flying over the object when it was directly overhead. The jet-plane was very obviously a plane - an elongated triangle with colored lights on the short end and a white light at the peak – and was traveling ESE to WNW, which is the direction planes usually go over this area in, we being located very close to an airport. I am inclined to believe that the object was a plane of some sort, perhaps at an odd angle, but don’t know why it would be flying so low or in a direction so different from the norm. I did watch it cross the sky in the hopes of seeing the shape of the vehicle, thereby allowing me to have a better chance of identifying the vehicle, until it left the sky. I am a teacher with some training in psychology I am trained to take a skeptic’s approach to everything. I grew up living just about next-door to an airport, and have always liked sky-gazing (very difficult near an airport) so am very familiar with what various plane-lights look like. My first action upon returning home was to type a description into a search engine to see if I could find what plane-signal would require lighting as described above.   I then looked for other man-made flying vehicles which would have 3 lights arranged in a triangle along its belly. All I found were two pictures online of similar lights (I did not have a camera), but both were called UFOs. One was photographed in in Texas February 9, 2005, the other in Alabama in April 26, 2004.;33.8907;-84.6999999999999
I was in the car with my mom, I saw something in the sky. It was triangular in shape, and it had about 10 lights.;2009-02-06 22:00:00;0:10:00;I was in the car with my mom, I saw something in the sky. It was triangular in shape, and it had about 10 lights. The lights then disappeared!! Then, after about 3 minutes, they came bck on, one by one!!! My mom it was just a plane , but I'm not going to take no for an answer. I know it was a UFO. The worst part was, I think I saw a light come Out of it!! I don't think I saw a human being sucked up, but I think it was an animal of some sort.(We were by a pet store). And there were planes going after it, too. That's all the info I have. I hope I could help.;33.8907;-84.6999999999999
