Three MUFON investigators and other witnesses see a huge UFO independently from different locations;2020-02-06 19:45:00;30 seconds;Three MUFON investigators and other witnesses see a huge UFO independently from different locations I went out for a few minutes last night at 7:45 pm and noticed a huge craft west of my position at 23rd Sreet and Noland Road in Independence. This location is on top of a big hill. It looked like it was only a mile away and larger than a 747. There were brilliant white lights all over it and one red light on the left side. The lights were reflecting off of shiny metal. The object had no wings or tail and made no sound. At first, I thought it was a plane landing at the Downtown Kansas City airport, and it would have needed to turn in order to do so, but soon realized that it was flying very low - at approximately 2,000 feet or lower and slow-moving from North to South. It did not turn in the direction (west) it would have needed to land. The object then either disappeared or turned all of its lights out. I immediately called another Field Investigator I often work with and she had just seen the same object in the western skies from her position, which is two! miles south and two miles closer to where the object was. So that means it had to have been approximately three miles away, making it absolutely huge - perhaps five times the size of a commercial airliner. The skies were clear and I am hoping that someone else saw this object and got a video of it. A few days later we had a MUFON meeting and yet a third field investigator reported seeing the same object at the same time. He happened to be outside doing an investigation when he noticed it, although he was several miles further to the southeast at the time. After publishing this incident on Facebook, several other people responded, saying they saw it as well. Each person described seeing the same type of craft with the lights in the same positions. The location of the object was likely in an industrial area just west of 435 Hwy and 23rd Street where there are no houses.  My daughter said that she saw the exact same object on February 9 at approximately 7:30 pm, from 40 Hwy and Sterling in Independence, MO which is south of the original sighting location. She was looking in a NW direction, and we determined that it was likely in the same location where I saw it on February 6. Also on Monday, February 9 several witnesses in Sugar Creek, MO reported hearing a horrible mechanical sound coming from the skies just two miles north of where the object was sighted, and that many neighbors went outside to find the source of the loud sound. They were all looking up, but no one could see anything. This was reported by another witness, who has made a number of UFO reports which are credible. Unfortunately, no one has video but I'm hoping that through Facebook and other sites someone will come forward as this was a spectacular sighting. No one else has filed a report. I can come to no other conclusion than that this was a real unidentified flying object.;39.0725551351352;-94.4112935135135
