Blimp like object moving 300 feet above a small town main street causing dogs to bark in the middle of the night.;1979-07-15 01:30:00;2 Minutes;Blimp like object moving 300 feet above a small town main street causing dogs to bark in the middle of the night. It was a hot night and we didn’t have air conditioning.  My parents were asleep so I snuck out to lay in the cool sand of a construction site next to our house.  Arcadia is a small city that stretches along the main road for about a mile and a half or so. My house was on a hill at the end of the road, enabling me to clearly observe most of the city.  I enjoyed looking at the lights of the city in the cool night breeze, and as I sometimes did, I stood in the cool sand and looked down at the city lights.  As I was doing this, I perceived that dogs were barking at the far edge of town.  I didn’t think anything of it until I perceived that the barking was slowly getting louder and closer.  This caused me to pay a little more attention and as I looked down at the city I saw a small patch of sky that was darker then the surrounding sky.  As I watched, I perceived that this dark patch was maybe 300 feet above Main St, and coming straight at me moving slowly.  I didn’t see any lights and couldn’t make out the shape until the thing was maybe 100 yards from my position.  I began to hear a low “rum…rum…rum noise coming from it.  As the road it was following ended at a “T” it turned instantaneously to its left and I could finally see its shape, it looked like a blimp, and maybe a third of the way up it had a row of very dim shimmery! round lights.  It was somehow hard to see, yet I could clearly make out the shape.  It moved on to my right until it went out of site behind a large hill.  At that point I couldn’t hear it anymore.   I never saw it again, but it just occurred to me that maybe  2 years prior to this sighting, a saw a meteor fly over my house so low that we could hear a loud burning roar as it passed almost directly overhead.  The shape I saw was going in roughly the same direction, no idea if they are connected. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));44.2542;-91.479
