Triangular Shaped Object Hovering Over Frozen Lower Gar Lake No More Than 1500ft (Aprox 1/4 Mile Away) From Bridge I Was Standing On.  ;1996-11-25 22:15:00;30 seconds;Triangular Shaped Object Hovering Over Frozen Lower Gar Lake No More Than 1500ft (Aprox 1/4 Mile Away) From Bridge I Was Standing On.  Three Brown Lights On Bottom Forming A Triangle.  After I Noticed Object In Sky, I Looked At It For 15 Sec Or So And Then It Went Straigt Up Into The Starry Sky And Was Out Of My Vision In No More Than 5 Seconds.  I Became Startled As I Was A Great Distance Away From Nearest House Or Person And Ran To My Car.  Once There, I Continued Looking Into The Sky Where I Saw The Object Go Up And About 10 Min Later, I Saw 2 High Altitude, High Speed Jets Over The Same Location I Saw Object Disappear Into Sky. I was a senior in High School at the time I saw this object.  I often walked at night alone on a bike trail that cut through a forest near my old house on the lake I used to live to get an adrenaline rush, Lake Minniwasta.  There is a bridge over the lake and on the south side of the bridge is Lower Gar Lake.  I was crossing this brige which is built between two points and glanced at something strange over the frozen lake suspended in the air.  It was three lights in a triangle shape about 50 ft off the lake's surface, and about 1500ft or so away from where I was standing.  I thought at first they were rural security lights from farms on the south side of the lake, but I looked at them closer and could see the horizon on the south side of the lake and saw the lights I saw were not due to that.  I started to get a little anxious and just as I became a little scared, the object took off straigt up into the cloudless star filled sky.  I mean straight up and was completely gone in less that 5 seconds.  After I saw that, I freaked out and ran back to my parked car about 300 ft away.  I stayed there for a while (5 min or so) looking in awe at what I had just seen.  Then I noticed 2 high altitude jets in the same vicinity I saw the object disappear into the sky above.;43.3617;-95.1257
