Crazy lights in the sky over Van Buren Sunday night!;2019-09-01 22:00:00;Several hours;Crazy lights in the sky over Van Buren Sunday night! Perhaps not a craft, but definitely unidentified. If anyone has an explanation please post. Unfortunately I have no pictures or video it just didn't occur to me, if anyone does I'd love to re-experience this as I've never seen anything like it. Lights were blazing across the sky for hours, it was  was a bit cloudy and at first glance you might assume these light were a laser sky show, someone having fun but I've never seen anything like it.  Most lasers, when pointed to the sky from the ground don't just appear in the sky, you can trace the laser to the ground.  But there was no hint of a source and this projection went quite literally horizon to horizon...quite a feat. As if it were projected from above the clouds. Now as for the lights themselves...several patterns were displayed.  The most striking was a double helix that again went horizon to horizon in one direction and the width maybe 15 to 20% of the sky.  After awhile the pattern changed to something that made me think of a visual representation of the doppler effect.  Two waves crashing over each other encompassing almost the entire sky!  And another a seemingly random cacophony of swirls chasing themselves around the sky.  Full disclosure, there WERE supposed to be northern lights this weekend, which is why we mostly dismissed it as a group.  And if it were only the last described chaotic sequence, i would leave it at that.  The lights weren't all that bright, relatively speaking, standing next to a very small campfire and you can't see them. However, there is NO WAY this was northern lights, it was way too structured. and as far as I can tell, through hours of Google, there is no skylight or machine that can effectively do this.  Especially legally, and this went on for hours in the middle of nowhere 30 miles from any city lights or venues. Of course, depending on how high these projections or perceived sources were, the area that this may have been visible could potentially be huge. Also, and perhaps unrelated, the clouds further up and to the south had consistent flares of purple light or lightning. Very dense, and completely silent.  There was no pattern to the effect.  I believe it was a rare lightning of some sort.  But maybe I'm wrong? So alot of things that skeptics can use to dismiss this I guess.  But there was definitely something wierd going on.  Everyone was amazed, a few of us who understand how things work are perplexed by what we saw... Anyone?  Ps zero drugs or alcohol were consumed that night.  At least by myself.;42.3876;-85.9597
