Bright orange  moving lights extremely high in the sky;2001-07-19 22:20:00;40 minutes;Bright orange  moving lights extremely high in the sky We saw bright bursts of orange light similar to light fireworks but very high in the sky. They would flash & fly through the sky extremely fast & move back again. Like they were chasing each other. Then formed a formation like the big dipper only with more lights & moving. They would also quickly flash. ((NUFORC Note:  We have attempted on several occasions to speak with the witnesses, but have not been successful in reaching them by telephone.  PD));44.4507;-89.5428
4 bright orange lights in a horizontal line leapfrogged eachother a few times before fading away.;2003-04-24 21:30:00;7 seconds;4 bright orange lights in a horizontal line leapfrogged each other a few times before fading away. There were approximately 4 bright orange lights, appearing to be a hundred feet high, probably less than a mile away.  They were in a horizontal line, maybe 20 feet spacing between each one. (estimates are difficult, hard to tell how far away they were).  It appeared as though the right-most light split into two, and the new light floated off farther to the right, and the left-most light faded out.  So, in this leap-frog fashion, there seemed to always be 4 lights in the sky.  They leapfrogged 3 or 4 times while I was watching.  Then they faded away.  This all happened in less than 10 seconds.  This was in the southwest corner of Plover, Wisconsin, appearing to be near Highway 54.  It was a mostly clear, warm spring evening.;44.4507;-89.5428
Many erratically moving blinking star-like lights, occaisional bright orange flares;2004-09-29 21:00:00;30 min;Many erratically moving blinking star-like lights, occaisional bright orange flares Two times in one week, with three separate witnesses have I witnessed these lights over the potato fields south of Plover around 9:00pm.  Blinking lights, some brighter than others, appear and disappear.  The most I've seen at one time was approximately six.  At one point when there the largest number of lights, I could hear what you would pass off as airplane noise, but too loud for no real close airplane to be seen.  Several were gathered near each other when the most spectacular display occurred.  At three different areas in the southern sky (at the same time), gatherings of orange lights occurred.  The gathering I focused on formed into four orange lights in a perfect horizontal line.  From my peripheral view I could see other gatherings moving.  Then they faded out.  They were in view for probably 6-7 seconds.  From then on, I watched 2-3 blinking lights move around the whole horizon, ending up back in the southern sky.  At one point they stopped blinking but if you focused, you could see the object still there.  It would appear like a satellite at that point, except that it changed directions at times.  Then it would start blinking again.  After about a half hour, they were gone.;44.4507;-89.5428
Two bright quickly moving lights. Daylight sighting.;2005-03-25 07:30:00;30 seconds;Two bright quickly moving lights. Daylight sighting. I looked out my french doors this morning at all of the contrails in the sky. There was a large x in the sky with lots of other contrails all over the sky and I thought it looked weird. I noticed 2 bright lights way high in the sky. One on the right moved up and down very quickly. They also moved apart a couple of times. They were very bright lights. They quickly moved across the sky over my house. I didn't have time to video tape or take a picture because they were moving so fast I didn't want to lose sight of them. I have never seen anything in they sky before like this.;44.4507;-89.5428
Object seen looked like a very bright low flying star, no engine noise, perfectly clear sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS??  PD));2009-07-22 22:10:00;5 Minutes;Object seen looked like a very bright low flying star, no engine noise, perfectly clear sky. Tonight my wife and I were taking a walk in our neighborhood.  We were walking to the North down our street.  Several miles to the north, we had a lot of summer heat lighting taking place, no thunder.  When the lighting hit, it lit the clouds up with a nice purple color.  Very beautiful. I looked up to the West in crystal clear sky.  Overhead, my wife and I saw a very bright light.  It looked exactly like a star, only much larger and brighter.  It was flying in a straight path, and was silent.  No engine noise was heard at all.  The brightness was very intense.  The light did not blink or flicker, but stayed constantly light.  The object also seemed to be flying at a very slow rate of speed, and did not change altitude.  It flew directly overhead, but no object could be made out, just light. My wife and I turned around back towards our home so we could keep watching the object.  We followed it as we walked past three houses.  At the third house, our view was blocked by a few trees.  Based on the speed it was flying, we should have been easily able to see the object once we were past the trees.  However, the object was simply gone without a trace.  Whether the light simply turned off, or it shot off in the distance, we will never know.  The experience was incredible. That night, there were other aircraft in the sky besides the object.  We saw a propeller airplane far off to the East, and could hear its engine noise in the distance.  This object had no noise at all. My wife and I have been living in Portage county for over twenty years, and have never seen anything like this.  I see airplanes every night in the sky, and I can tell you that this was not an aircraft I have ever seen.  I work as a Personal Banker, and my wife is an Elementary School Teacher. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.4507;-89.5428
