Possible F-16 engagment of a UFO over Plover, Wisconsin;2007-03-28 21:00:00;15mins;Possible F-16 engagment of a UFO over Plover, Wisconsin it was 2100 in a small town in wisconsin my girlfriend and i were driving on busiest street in town, she got my attention while i was driving and pointed in the sky and asked me what is that? at first i thought it was a star alil big but a star non the less i told her, and i said not to worry about it, she pointed again and said that it was gone, i looked and thought maybe it was a satalite in wisconsin its not uncommon to see lights in the sky from satelites in orbit, i told still not to worry about it its probly nothing, later on in our drive home we saw it again, but it was was headed in another direction, i stoped my truck and we stepped out to look at it, me being former military ive seen many aircraft, this was like nothing else ive seen, it was a perfect sphere it was cruising at about 5000ft, or more and moved like noting ive seen, it shot up till it looked about 30000ft it was that time we both heard the sounds of a jet engine, and we saw at about 30000ft 5, F-16's in a delta formation rush at the sphere, the F-16's sorounded the sphere and in less than a second the sphere was gone, the F-16's flew away leaving 1 behind he stayed for an additional 5 mins and that flew off. some people who read this my say its a hoax, but for those people take into consideration whare the F-16's came from (knowing thats more than likly what you are discrediting.) in wisconsin we have an air force reserve base in appleton wisconsin and are in range and in radar range of the air force base in michigan, what i tell you is true and happened in the order which i have writen.;44.4507;-89.5428
Small metallic spherical object seen hovering on more than one occasion over Hwy 54 in Plover;2008-09-23 14:00:00;1 min;Small metallic spherical object seen hovering on more than one occasion over Hwy 54 in Plover I was driving south on I-39 between Porter RD and Highway B, I looked off the southwest towards the Plover water tower. Just to the west of the water tower, what looked like a few miles, and would place the object somewhere in the vicinity over highway 54, a small, spherical, metallic object appeared to be hovering at an altitude of approx. five thousand feet.  You could see the sun reflecting off the bottom and the top was darker where the sun wasn't reflecting from it.  I kept checking every couple of seconds out my window at it to see if it was moving or to figure out what it was but it was just stationary.  Anyone from this area knows the only aircraft we get around by us is crop dusting planes and small single engine props. and no other planes were in the sky that i could see at the time and this object was not moving at all eliminating the possibility of it being a plane, and the metallic appearance means it was not a star or the ISS. I went to look on! e more time it looked like the object just shot off due west and in a pretty vertical trajectory gaining altitude in a split second and was gone.  I wasn't going to think anything of this except for the fact that I saw the exact same thing in the exact same spot while driving in the exact same spot about a year or two earlier which is weird.  I also was reading reports on here about other sightings and noticed someone saw something similar in the Stevens Point/Plover area and thought maybe there is something to this sighting after all. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));44.4507;-89.5428
