Five lights moving East to West;2020-09-17 19:30:00;10 minutes;Five lights moving East to West During the week of 9/13-19, I do not remember the date precisely approximately between the hours of 7:00-8:00 pm, I went outside to bring a bag of trash to the dumpster in my apartment complex. It was at that time that I observed a band of 5 lights which moved in an approximate west to east path. The lights moved in unison and I first believed them to be lights along a\the wings and underside of a small plane.  As I live in relative proximity to an airport, small planes are a common occurrence. As the lights moved closer, I found that I could not make out any tail lights, nor could I hear any engine noise. I observed that the lights continued their course until passing directly overhead. Even as the lights were in a “High Noon” position directly above, I still could not discern any tail lights or sound. There can be traffic noise from the nearby highway at times, but did not notice any at the time, allowing for the realization of the absence of engine noise.  The lights continued their course until finally passing out of sight over the roof of the building. As near as I can remember, all of the lights were of a white colour, or absent of any other colour. I can not approximate the height of the lights, but they were too low to have come from or to be heading to the airport unless they had just taken off or were coming in to land, but as the lights were not heading towards/away from the airport, but rather in a parallel direction, that did not seem to be the case. Also, at the height that they were flying, I feel that engine noise and/or presence of a tail light should have been apparent.  The weather on the night in question was seasonably pleasant and dry with some noticeable light wind at times. At the time of the sighting, it had not yet reached a point of full dark, but the sun had already gone down some time before. A few stars were visible, I do not remember the stage that the moon was at at the time.The parking lot area where I was standing is quite well lit and the sky was extremely clear providing good visibility.  Although I was unable to clearly make out the outline or shape surrounding the lights, they were in a straight line and left the impression of a wing or set of wings. The lights moved in unison as if affixed to a wing, traveling parallel to each other and not led by one light, with the other lights following.  Normally I would ascribe a sighting like this to a plane as, as I have said, they are common and usually readily recognizable. In this case however, the above mentioned anomalies have left me with the impression that this was somehow different and that impression has been nagging and constant ever since.;42.8859000000001;-71.299
