Aircraft that sounds like a rocket launch?;2002-08-04 01:00:00;5 minutes;Aircraft that sounds like a rocket launch? I wanted to report an interesting occurance over my house earlier this month.  Before I do, you should know that I am a student pilot, an avid aircraft buff, and have been in/around aircraft all my life.  I know the subject pretty well. I live in Derry New Hampshire, which is not far from the Massachusettes border.  On the morning of August 4th, I was still online at 1:00 am.  It was a very clear night. I began to hear a rumbling sound which very quickly graduated to a loud roaring sound, rattling the windows. I sprinted outside to have a look.  Traveling east to west, high overhead, was a single bright white light.  I would guess its altitude to have been at least thirty thousand feet, if not more.  I could discern no standard aviation lighting, but that's not unusual given the height.  What was amazing was the roar!  I recently moved back here from Florida's Brevard County, where the sound of rocket launches was somewhat routine.  If I had seen this in Florida, I would have thought they were launching a rocket in the wrong direction.  As I said, the sound of this aircraft was so loud it rattled the windows, and sounded EXACTLY like a rocket launch.  There was no sound of turbines at all. This sounded extremely powerful.  My first impression was that I was looking at a missle coming in from the Atlantic somewhere.  The hair stood up on my arms and for a moment I thought...uh oh.  All I can say was that this was no normal aircraft, if that's what it was.  I do not believe this was a fighter jet with afterburners on.  It was not traveling especially fast, and continued at the same speed throughout its trajectory. I would like to know if anyone else in the area heard this that night.  It was traveling roughly over the Mass/NH border. The sound actually awoke others in my household, which has never happened before. Thanks for your time, Greg;42.8859000000001;-71.299
Unexplained lights seen near hot air balloons early in the morning.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible reflection from glass?  PD));2014-09-17 07:20:00;<1 minute;Unexplained lights seen near hot air balloons early in the morning. My daughter was driving down Cemetery Road at about 7:20 this morning.  She took a right onto Island Pond Road in Derry, NH, after passing the fields on either side of the road, she noticed two hot air balloons floating along up above her to the right of her car.  She quickly shot two pictures through her windshield.  The first showed one balloon, a large yellow balloon with a smile face on one side of the balloon above the tree line from the angle she shot the picture at.   The second picture she took a moment later shows two hot air balloons, the large yellow smile face one and a multi-colored balloon with white designs, what seems to be a cloud still higher up above the multi-colored balloon and two shiny circles above and to the right of the smile hot air balloon.   There is also what seems to be a double vapor trail and two white shapes which could be clouds to the far right in the upper corner of the picture it's a bit hard to tell.   When she sent the picture to me from her smart phone, I was able to use the touch screen to enlarge the picture and it looks like the two large white circles are lights with a rectangular gray colored shape behind the bright lighted circles.  There is nothing else near it and we are both baffled as to what this could be. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible reflection from glass in front of camera??  We suspect that the object is not an alien space craft, but we cannot be sure.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS, 23SE14)) Peter,  One more quick note.  Daughter took a series of pics in the same spot this morning.  You are correct.  She got the double reflection.  It didn't look exactly the same but it was close enough.   Best regards.  ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));42.8859000000001;-71.299
