Four octagon shape pods hooked together with pulsating lights. Most likely the bottom of the ship or objects body.;1987-04-09 19:20:00;about 8 minutes;Four octagon shape pods hooked together with pulsating lights. Most likely the bottom of the ship or objects body. My friend and I were driving to the Quakerbridge mall in my sisters Datsun 280zx on RT. I-95 going east. My sisters car has a moon roof. I was gazing out through the moon roof noticing the slight fog in the air as I was driving and noticed two lighted objects appear side by side. It looked as if they were coming towards us but being that we were driving in that direction probably made it look that way. I quickly called to my friend and told him to look up, do you see what I see? he said yes, what is it? One of the objects hovered above us and followed in our direction as the other one had seemed to stay behind. I immediately noticed the shape and lights. There were what seemd to be four octagon pods hooked together with a honey comb shape screen or lens and the lights slowly pulsated in each pod, white, red, blue and maybe orange?? Driving at 60mph I slowed down and pulled the car over to the side of the road so we could get out to get a better look at the object. As we looked up into the foggy air, we could not see the object. We got back in the car and drove on to the next exit ( Trenton, New Brunswick ) As we took the New brunswick exit toward the mall, we had to stop at the next red traffic light. The New Jersey motor vehicles inspection station is on the right. As we were waiting for the light to turn green, I looked up into the fog and there it was, right above us, that same pulsating octagon object. I jestured for my friend to look up and we watched it slowly ascend into the foggy air and then nothing, it was gone. The light turned green and we went on our way asking each other what the hell did we just see? The strange thing about this experience was that it did not creep us out or make us scared. It was like, oh whats that? and then hmmm, life goes on. I do have to say I have always been intrigued by stories of UFO's ever since i was eleven years old. I loved watching old saucer movies and reading books on the subject, but never would I have imagined that oneday I would get to w! itness o ne?? I am now a deffinet believer in UFO's. Something is deffinetly out there and probably has been for years.;40.2928;-74.7256
