Saw 7 ufo's in the night sky  all within a 30 min. most of which were going different dir.'s.  ((NUFORC Note:  Satellites?  PD));2009-07-22 21:00:00;30 minutes;Saw 7 ufo's in the night sky of alliance, all within a 30 minute time-period, most of which were going different directions. I was outside on the phone with my father, when all of a sudden in the northeastern part of the sky, I noticed a white light in the sky, it was moving faster than a satellite, and slightly brighter than one. I started shouting at my dad over the phone that I was looking directly right at one, as I have been seeing these for a couple months now. Suddenly out of the corner of my eye, I saw another one, moving in the same direction, but from a different point of the sky. It was at this time I got real excited, and started to scan the sky with my eyes to see if there were more. So I went out to the street and looked behind the house, and saw another one moving in the opposite direction of where the other 2 were heading (away from me). Within minutes, another one came from the direction that the 3rd was moving, but heading in the complete opposite direction (toward me). It was at this point that I got off the phone with my father to go get my wife so she could witness this phenomenon. As soon as we came back out, she spotted one moving right over our heads (the 5th one), at that point she was pretty nervous. Then as luck would have it, we see another (the 6th) coming from a completely new direction, lost sight of it as it was moving even faster than the others and quickly faded behind the trees. Right before going inside, we spotted one last one (a 7th). It too was moving fairly quickly, and within a matter of a couple minutes it was out of sight. At that point our necks hurt and we went inside. All-in-all, a very exciting night for the city of alliance, NE. I see sightings here all the time, it's a real hot-spot for ufo activity, and furthermore I will start reporting more often now that my dad introduced me to this website. I Encourage any ufologists out there to come stay in alliance and go sky-searching at night, from 9am, to 5am for some really exciting sightings. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the objects may have been satellites.  PD));42.1171;-102.8919
