Large rectangular craft seen north of Mannford, OK, 11/1997.;1987-11-01 02:00:00;5-20 minutes;Large rectangular craft seen north of Mannford, OK, 11/1997. To the best of my recollection, this occurred on Highway 51 East between Mannford and Lotsee, Oklahoma, in the Fall of 1987.  It was a weeknight.  The time was approximately 2AM-3AM.  The sky was clear, dry conditions.  I was not chemically altered in any way. I lived in Tulsa and worked for the school system, after graduating from Oklahoma State University in 1986.  I performed with a band, and we had frequent gigs in Stillwater at various establishments. Returning from Stillwater to Tulsa after a show, I drove along highway 51 and, perhaps 10 miles outside of Mannford,  I noticed a bright light in the sky, fairly low on the horizon.  I passed through Mannford on highway 51, and continued on the stretch of 51 that slopes in a gradual hill up towards the area before Sand Springs, which I believe is called Lotsee.  Highway 51, at this time, was one lane each way, with shoulders on either side.  There was mostly scrub oak and brush bordering the highway. Here, through the windshield of my car, I saw a large craft low in the sky. I pulled over and exited my vehicle.  There were approximately 8-12 other vehicles pulled over, and people were standing next to their cars and looking up at the craft, as I was.  It was dark, not lit, rectangular in shape, and perhaps the size of a football field.  It made no noise, and looked as though it was parked in the sky.  I estimate perhaps 100-200 feet about the roadway. I could see, for lack of a better description, superstructure on the underside of the object.  It was not smooth underneath. After a period of time, approximately 5-20 minutes, the craft began to move silently away in a southwesterly direction.  Multi-colored lights cycled around the exterior bottom of the ship. One revolution, then dark.  Another revolution, then dark, etc. I, and the other motorists, all watched as it passed beyond the tree line and out of sight.  At this point, I entered my car and drove off without speaking to the other witnesses (no one spoke while the event occurred either).  As I drove past, I noticed everyone was doing this. I recall being extremely tired on the remainder of the drive home.  I entered my apartment, woke my sleeping wife, told her I had seen a UFO, and fell quickly asleep.  The next morning, I shared the event details with her. I've rarely imparted the experience with anyone beyond family, but felt it was important to document this in a public forum.;36.0945;-96.3602
