Large, low flying, silent, stealthy boomerang shaped object passed over Valrico Florida;2017-10-14 01:30:00;15 seconds;Large, low flying, silent, stealthy boomerang shaped object passed over Valrico Florida I was outside having a smoke, and happened to be looking upward watching for shooting stars. I had seen three meteors earlier in the evening, including two immediately before the sighting, and thought maybe we were having a meteor shower.  I noticed something very faint, but large, moving across the sky.  At first I wasn't sure if I was seeing my own smoke reflecting in the patio lights, but as it crossed overhead it became obvious that it was some sort of object. The object came from the north crossed directly over my head, and continued southbound. It was extremely hard to see, and was just a slightly lighter shade then the surrounding sky.  I have the impression that it was tan in color, though I can't say for certain that I saw a color.   It was boomerang shaped, and the thought of a large v formation of birds did enter my mind.  However, as it flew over, and my eyes became more adjusted to it, it was easier to see it was a large solid mass. It made no sounds, had no lights, and silently glided across the sky from my 11 o'clock, over my head, to me losing view of it behind my house at about my 3 o'clock position.  It did this in about 10 to 15 seconds.  It was moving about the speed of a conventional jet flying at low altitude.  From my perspective, its size was roughly similar to standing at the end of a runway and watching the wings of a DC9 fly over.  I have nothing to reference for altitude other then it appeared to be below the scattered cloud cover.  According to Weather Underground, the current cloud conditions are Scattered 1300 to 3100 feet.   My dog was outside with me, and though I was too busy watching the object to check to see if she visually noticed it, she didn't bark or act out.  I could have moved to look around the side of the house and observe the object for a longer period, but to be honest, my gut instinct was that I needed to get back inside rapidly. I am an ex-aviation professional, and have experience with nighttime aircraft identification. I have observed many astronomical and meteorological anomalies, and I have never seen anything like this.  USCENTCOM is nearby, as well as Avon Park bombing range, so its not uncommon to see a wide variety of aircraft in this area at both day and night.  I have no idea if this was something military, but I do suspect from its stealth that it was not something that was meant to be seen.  Something about the way that it moved, its silence, and the surrealism of the situation was eerie, and still has me upset hours later.;27.9250146788992;-82.2359660550461
