Object was CigarShaped, very bright leaving short ,thin exhaust vapors. It moved at different speeds could stop on a Dime.;2004-02-25 03:45:00;1/2 Hour;Object was CigarShaped, very bright leaving short ,thin exhaust vapors. It moved at different speeds could stop on a Dime. This day while traveling home on 295 S from Baltimore to Bladensburg I looked in the sky when I was around exit I 197 and saw a bright object in the sky shaped like a football.  It was leaning to the right as if it was in the kickoff position.  It looked as if it was the smoke of a plane but the definition was too detailed on both ends. And the smoke never got dense from the air.  It was 350000 feet and was huge in size. It was as if you could see through the lines of smoke.  It stayed still and did not move.  I called my wife on my cell phone and told her what I was seeing.  I told her it is not moving. Then it moved staight down after I had watched it for 5 to 10 minutes. I lost sight of it because of the trees by the highway.  So I hung up on the cell with my wife and told her I would call her if I seen it again.  Miraculously, when I got near to my exit to get off I seen it right in fron of the place where we live.  I quickly called my wife and told her to look out the window and tell me what she sees. She saw it and was amazed.  I told her to keep an eye on it until I got home because I was almost there. When I got to the front of the apartment where we stay, she was on the balcony of the 8th floor watching the object.  She told me it had just went out of view.  She descibes a CIGAR SHAPED OBJECT, very bright luminus object, speeding up and then slowing down in mid air before going out of view.  I know it was not from here because we saw this object from different angles and I contend it was shaped like a football and she saw a Cigar shaped object from the 8th floor apartment.  With these two calculations I contend that the object was a disk shaped object that moved unlike anything we had ever seen in our lives.  It is almost unexplainable what we saw.  This was the real thing.  I first reported this incident on a sight called LUNA but the sight is now gone and it disappeared 1 day after I reported it on that sight.  We called TV beroadcast stations,the police(who told us to call the pentagon), The Pentagon, and reported it on the LUNA sight.;38.9438;-76.926
