Multiple lights, very distant, moving and turning rapidly, playing and dancing together for 45 min+;1994-07-01 12:00:00;45min;Multiple lights, very distant, moving and turning rapidly, playing and dancing together for 45 min+ This happened a long time ago, I was about 13 or 14 at the time, but I remember it all very clearly, as does my friend who was with me. We were sleeping on my ceiling one clear summer night with my dad. He had gone to sleep. We were talking and watching stars and satalites. One of us pointed one out, when suddenly it began to turn rapidly. Then it would suddenly turn directions, very smoothly and very rapidly, far quicker than any known craft. Then we noticed another, and then another. At first we thought it was some sort of battle beween the craft, but the craft just seemed to be playing. They would pair off, then regroup. They could turn any direction they wanted, they could stop on a dime, and change color. At some point we woke up my dad, who is usually a light sleeper. He seemed TIRED. He looked up, said something, I forget what,  and then he just went back to sleep. We kept watching these little lights play in the sky for a long time, close to an hour. There were between 4 and 5 five them. We could tell they were very far away, much much higher than any plane Ive seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous.  PD));37.0882;-122.0887
Looked like stars but they changed direction and moved in random like patterns and multiplied and then faded.;2006-03-23 21:30:00;30 minutes;Looked like stars but they changed direction and moved in random like patterns and multiplied and then faded. I was laying down looking up through a skylight, there was at first a single bright pin point of light like a star. This light moved in several directions, in circles, going left going down, and then several more like fire flies darted around, one was the brightest, and the others came and darted around and then faded. There was a light haze around the pin point bright lights. They stayed in one area of the sky. I called a friend and described what i was seeing.;37.0882;-122.0887
