White, shiny egg with 4 sleek fins (no seams)hovered and slowly rotated. Watched it with binoculars from Hwy 82 near Tombstone AZ.;1999-05-18 14:00:00;20 minutes;White, shiny egg with 4 sleek fins (no seams)hovered and slowly rotated. Watched it with binoculars from Hwy 82 near Tombstone AZ. On May 18th, 1999. midafternoon, my husband and I were driving west on Hwy 82 about 5 or 6 miles northwest of Tombstone AZ when my husband spotted something strange in the sky to the south of us.  We pulled off the road and watched it through binoculars for approx. 20 minutes.  It is difficult to say how far away it was from us but we could see it quite clearly with the binoculars.  It was approx. 1500 above the ground and it was hovering (horizontally).  It moved rotationally but not laterally. It was egg shaped, white, shiny, almost translucent.  It had no seams and no openings of any kind (no doors or windows). There were four sleek fins at one end, which could be legs if the egg were sitting on the ground (vertically).  We tried to rationalize what it could be and consequently did not take a picture.  (I did make a sketch of it but unfortunately threw it out after arriving home.)  As we drove away the egg rose slowly and moved south. We forgot about this experience until last week when I took my Grandson to a book store and he picked up a book on UFOs.  Pictured in this book was almost the exact object we observed.  It had been spotted in New Mexico in 1964 and the four fins (legs?) were straighter and jointed. The egg also had seams. It looked like an oldfashioned version of what we saw. I thought this was too much of a coincidence and decided that we should report it. I am a 57 year old former teacher and my husband is 67 and is a retired real estate executive.;31.7216;-110.0584
White, shiny egg with 4 sleek fins (no seams)hovered and slowly rotated. Watched it with binoculars from Hwy 82.;1999-05-18 14:00:00;20 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  This object sounds like one of the blimps used by the federal government for maintaining a radar-based picket fence, which looks to the south.)) White, shiny egg with 4 sleek fins (no seams)hovered and slowly rotated. Watched it with binoculars from Hwy 82. On May 18th, 1999. midafternoon, my husband and I were driving west on Hwy 82 about 5 or 6 miles northwest of Tombstone AZ when my husband spotted something strange in the sky to the south of us.  We pulled off the road and watched it through binoculars for approx. 20 minutes.  It is difficult to say how far away it was from us but we could see it quite clearly with the binoculars.  It was approx. 1500 above the ground and it was hovering (horizontally).  It moved rotationally but not laterally. It was egg shaped and white, shiny, almost translucent.  It had no seams and no openings of any kind (no doors or windows). There were four sleek fins at one end, which could be legs if the egg were sitting on the ground.  We tried to rationalize what it could be and consequently did not take a picture.  (I did make a sketch of it but unfortunately threw it out after arriving home.)  As we drove away the egg rose slowly and moved south. We forgot about this experience until last week when I took my Grandson to a book store and he picked up a book on UFOs.  Pictured in this book was almost the exact object we observed.  It had been spotted in New Mexico in 1964 and the four fins (legs?) were straighter and jointed. The egg also had seams. It looked like an oldfashioned version of what we saw. I thought this was too much of a coincidence and decided that we should report it. I am a 57 year old former teacher and my husband is 67 and is a retired real estate executive.;31.7216;-110.0584
