Multiple witnesses see UFOs near Albany NY;2008-07-05 19:30:00;15 minutes;Multiple witnesses see UFOs near Albany NY First of all I would like to point out that I'm in my 80's, I do not drink, and I have been flying air planes and helicopters for 30+ years.  I had one previous UFO sighting in November of 1971 near East Berne and Knox New York, and that report is also on file here at NUFORC. The sighting occurred at approx 7:30pm on July 5, 2008 in Guilderland New York.  I was visiting two of my sons.  My two sons, one of their wives, and I were all sitting in chairs in the back yard when one of my sons pointed up to the sky and said what is that?!  It looked like a bright round object, similar in size to the planet Venus or Mars when they're visible in the sky.  Except we first saw the object just above the tree line and it started to move upward. I would estimate that the object was about 10,000 feet up.  We watched a regular passenger jet fly right by it (but it looked as though the plane was at a different altitude).  So we continued to watch this object.  It moved higher very slowly.  It would sometimes stop and hover, then start moving up again.  No noise at all.  Then we witnessed a second UFO pass directly under the first object.  It was in the shape of a rod, cigar, or a surf board.  It was reddish-brown in color.  It streaked right below the first object to the east at a high rate of speed. One son managed to find a pair of binoculars and looked at the first object in detail.  All he could see was that one side was brighter than the other.  One side looked speckled or blotched.  I don't know perhaps this could have been from the sun reflecting off of the object. Then one of my sons thought he saw what he described to be a puff of smoke coming from the bottom of the first glowing round object.  It started to move up again.  We observed it for a total of approx 15 minutes before it was so high up that we lost sight of it. I, along with my two sons would be more than willing to speak with you about this sighting.;42.701;-73.8969
