Bright lights traveling together.;2014-03-11 04:02:00;20 seconds;Brite lights traveling together I was looking up at the sky I noticed minimum of 10 bright lights in the sky traveling together In and out of formation  i seen some of them moving forward and going left to right   It was very strange definitely not airplanes not sure what I saw  the event lasted 20 seconds they got out of View from me;42.701;-73.8969
beam of light second occurance;2021-02-25 23:30:00;1 hour;beam of light second occurance Around 11:30 pm tonight I first heard knocking inside my home that sounded like it was just outside my window.. I live alone. I turned my live feed doorbell on and saw a light beam and solid part of something hovering. This is the second time I've seen such a beam and heard noises. I began recording the image from my cell doorbell app which has night vision. On both occasions, I can see the beam on my night vision but not if I look directly out the window with my eyes looking at it. Last week I also had something with a light glowing that wasn't actually outside but in a different location between my side neighbors and my house. Tonight it is across the street as it was back in the summer. I make regular video checks since the first time as I didn't like the feeling and I am always now on guard. Tonight and last week I made several video's and realize that you have a limit and length minimum. Tonight I was upset with it and was yelling at it to go away and w! at a point felt like I had something inside my home that I cannot see, which I still actually feel with even air or light wind blowing as I am typing this and likely why I didn't want to get off the phone with a real person. The light beam is now gone but the circular thing is still there and although the moon is out tonight and bright, the image is NOT our moon as our moon is actually right above my house and not visible by my doorbell camera. I have lived on this road since 1970. As a child I lived 3 houses away. My mother still lives there. As a child I saw 3 tall beings in the summer of 1976 outside that spoke in their minds to me and told me to go back to bed. I also have had numerous strange things happen my entire life here including hearing a growl and my daughter being scratched when she was a teenager. I know there is some connection to my land as this summer my homes electric was reading 1248-1258 OHMS and it took 80 feet of copper to fix. A normal home is 25 ohm! s or less. That cost me a fortune to fix but I feel it is high! again a nd the reason for all the activity. All my electronics are constantly going berserk and I frequently make lengthy calls to Verizon Fios and HP to have my computer/printer and router repaired. I've been told that I am one of them electric people by a computer repairman. I had not ever heard the term SLIder till last summer after I was told this.  I could go on and on and on about strange things over the last 50 years of my life here but that would be much too long. The bottom line is that they are here and it is my belief they want access to a portal or wormhole that is based in my basement. I told them no. They wont use my land for this. I am well aware that there is a massive influx of them and this land is like Grand Central Station. Thank you for answering the phone tonight.;42.701;-73.8969
