Two spherical objects were observed,they were each reddish orange, silent, and seen in the lower eastern sky.  they moved in a straight;2013-08-24 21:15:00;2-3 minutes;Two spherical objects were observed,they were each reddish orange, silent, and seen in the lower eastern sky.  they moved in a straight line.  The first object  came to a stop and held its position.  The second approached the first and stopped prior to reaching the first object.  They stayed stationary and near each other for a minute.  The first appeared to grow smaller as if it were rising very quickly, then disappeared.  The second did the same  and also disappeared after 30 seconds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));42.701;-73.8969
A bright, spherical object hovered thousands of feet above Guilderland, NY before vanishing in broad daylight.;2015-02-13 16:33:00;30 seconds;A bright, spherical object hovered thousands of feet above Guilderland, NY before vanishing in broad daylight. On Friday, February 13, 2015, I was driving west on U.S. Route 20 approaching the intersection of New York State Route 155 in Guilderland, NY when I spotted a bright, unidentified flying object in the distance to the northwest, thousands of feet in the air. At first, I thought it might be a plane either descending toward or flying away from me (since there’s an international airport about 6 miles northeast of where I was driving), but as I continued driving toward it I became more convinced that it was actually a spherical object hovering stationary in the sky, since it had no wings and was staying in place.  It was also too high in the air to have been a helicopter hovering in place, in my opinion. As I continued toward the intersection keeping my eyes on the object I drove past some tall trees to might left, which came between me and the object and caused me to lose sight of it for about 5 seconds.  When I came out the other side of the trees the object had vanished.  This was strange to me because the sky was completely clear of clouds and the sun was well-off to the southwest, so there was nothing for this object to fly behind and the sun could not have obscured my vision. The entire event occurred over approximately 30 seconds. The time of day was 4:33 p.m. EST and the sky was clear.  I continued searching the sky for the object as I continued driving west on Route 20, but I was unable to locate it again.;42.701;-73.8969
