I had just gotten home from HXXX DXXXX and was pulling stuff out of my truck when something cought my eye. At first I thought it was ba;2003-12-27 15:44:00;2.35;I had just gotten home from HXXX DXXXX and was pulling stuff out of my truck when something cought my eye. At first I thought it was ballons kicked up by the mild wind after that I figured they were about 3500-4000 feet appr. from south east heading north west. Suddenly they banked off to the north. Thats when I realized the formation was to accureatly turning to be seperate units. After turning directly north it went overhead then ascrnded from site. Not sure if you could classify it as a UFO. But it def. was way out of the norm for me.;34.1301;-117.2044
Big triangular-shaped craft with many lights underneath, including a large white one.;2009-07-10 00:00:00;Several minutes;Big triangular-shaped craft with many lights underneath, including a large white one. This is my first time reporting this, and will probably be my last. I have already spent time trying to find other witnesses or reports, but came up short. Basically, this had to be one of the most incredible UFO sightings in recent time.. I was 12 and it was during summer break.  I spent it at my grandma's house in Highland. I had a friend, Ryan, who lived across the street.  I spent the night at his house.   At around midnight (exact time, date and month unknown) me and Ryan were laying on his front lawn looking up, staring at the beautiful sky, talking about random topics.  Suddenly, and silently, a triangular shaped craft came into view.  A pretty damn big craft.  Our estimate was that it was several times the size of a 747.  It was relatively close to the ground.  It had to have been black because we saw no outline. We were able to see it was triangular in shape because it had many lights underneath.  I describe it as dim, smokey orange, green and yellow lights, with one big white one in the middle. We stood up shouting and screaming in fear and amazement.  Sometime during the event, I told him to go find a camera or video camera.  The craft suddenly shot a beam of white light to the earth (next to the highway on the! area of dead grass) and then retracted.  Then a few seconds later it shown a light seemingly through the top of it into the clouds.  I was watching it as it continued to fly off. My friend returned with his mom and no camera.  I think the craft was already gone because I remember his mom did not get a chance to see it.  We then noticed his neighbor working in his garage, but it seemed he didnt see the craft, and must not have been there during the event.  It was truely incredible.  I wish I had video or photo footage.  I've been fascinated and a believer ever since. ALL I WANT IS SOME KIND OF CONFORMATION THAT THIS EVENT TOOK PLACE.  I WANT TO TALK TO OTHER WITNESSES!!  I cant be the only one who saw it!!!!!!!!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.1301;-117.2044
Glowing object dropping embers over San Bernardino;2015-07-24 22:15:00;5 minutes;Glowing object dropping embers over San Bernardino It began as a glowing object in the sky moving from the west to the east.  Embers started to drop as it moved.  The glowing started to flicker then went out.  After the light went out we could see that it was triangular in shape and rotating as it moved until we could not see it anymore.  This is the second time we have seen this object.;34.1301;-117.2044
