Mysterious lights seen flying over my country home.;2009-11-26 18:00:00;30 minutes;Mysterious lights seen flying over my country home. Around 6 p.m., my wife told me that she saw what looked like a flashlight or something through one of the windows in our living room. I asked my son who was seventeen at the time to walk outside and check it out. Within seconds of him going outside onto the front porch, he screamed out for me to get out there fast. I jumped up and ran outside and he pointed towards the sky. I looked up and to the left of the house at the tree line, i saw two very bright lights hovering above the trees. They made no sound whatsoever and had no color to them at all. They were just very bright balls of light. They made no sound whatsoever. After a few minutes of watching them, one of the lights began moving toward the house at a slow pace and within a matter of seconds, the second light began to follow. At this point, i called my wife out to see what was going on. We all stood there on the front porch watching these lights pass directly over the house and slowly move towards th! e tree line on the opposite side of the property. As the lights came close to the tree line on the other side of the property, the just seemed to blink out. We never saw them again. My son had attempted to record the lights on his cell phone. During the recording, we could see the lights plain as day on the screen of his phone, but when we played the video once the lights had disappeared, there was absolutely nothing there in the recording.;31.8432;-89.2665
Small light travelling across sky got bright and instantly changed direction and vanished.;2014-11-19 19:50:00;5 seconds;Small light travelling across sky got bright and instantly changed direction and vanished. Bluish color light traveling north across clear night sky, thought it was a shooting star.  It then in an instant it turned to a brighter white-yellow color, instantly changed direction toward east and disappeared in a very short distance.   Craziest thing I have ever seen!   Did anyone else witness this?;31.8432;-89.2665
