Silver Cigar shaped object, no windows;2019-07-26 08:00:00;30 seconds;Silver Cigar shaped object, no windows On the morning of July 26 about 8:00-9:00 a.m. I was sitting in my three season porch facing South, the morning was clear blue sky.  I looked up and could see out the window what I thought was an airplane.  It struck me though that it was moving very slowly, I’m guessing 100mph.   It was silver, and cigar shaped and horizontal, no windows.  I noticed that I couldn’t see the wings, and thought it was perpendicular to my line of sight, then also noticed it had no tail.  Then it dawned on me and I said, “what the “+*@$” is that?”  As it registered in my brain that it was something odd, the cigar object moved behind a tree on my property, (blocking my view) and I quickly got up and went outside to see it without being hidden behind the tree.  It was gone.  I thought that was really strange since if it was some kind of drone, or if it was a plane that turned, I would see it falling or turning.  It was gone in a matter of about 5 seconds it took me to move away f! rom the tree that blocked my line of sight. I went in the house to get my camera and yelled to my wife to come out.  I have a cannon camera and figured I would take a video in case it came back, and aimed at approximately where I thought the object should be.    I took about two 30 second videos and saw nothing. Later that week I watched the videos on my computer several times.  All I have is just the standard window type programs.  I saw a quick  movement on one of the videos which I would guess is about a 10th of a second.  I eventually got a snapshot of the video.  Using again just the standard windows programs, with the various filters it looked like there were four brief lights on the sides of the object.  Very poor quality since I had to zoom in.  The object was now canted at a vertical angle.  Maybe it was a bug… I really am not sure. Also, it never occurred to me at the time that the object made no sound.  I would estimate that the object was about 3,000 feet in elevation and may have been within a mile or so of the Park Rapids airport which is South of my location.   We have small planes, smaller jets, and corporate planes that use this airport as well as helicopters that fly nearby. Also strange, and maybe this is not connected to staring at the sky where the object was… but I noticed  something odd in my vision after this incident.   I see the outline of an open at the top and bottom an Octagon.   I would call it an “open octagon.”  I see it with both eyes, it isn’t floaters and I never noticed  this problem before.   It has been two months and I still see this problem in my vision.  I asked my wife if she saw this and she said she saw something like, “half of the octagon,” at the time.  She doesn’t see that anymore.   I see this open octagon when I look at something like blue sky, and it is only visible as I look from one spot to another for a brief moment and then it is gone.  I looked up Palinopsia but that isn’t exactly the same. I am a 70 year old military veteran.;46.9399;-95.0416
