Woke up to bright light shining into house coming from the sky.;2012-04-04 01:00:00;1-2 minutes;Woke up to bright light shining into house coming from the sky. About two months ago my husband was awaken in the night/early morning to a VERY bright light.  He jumped out of bed thinking someone was in our driveway and shining their headlights in our windows. He went out into our family room and was shocked to find the entire house was lit up with a whitish, bright light.  There was no noise associated with this light and it was like it was coming from the sky.  This light lasted long enough to wake him up and for him to go into another room and realize that it was not what he initially thought.  The next day when he told me, I was thinking that it had to be a car or something, but we didn't talk about it any further and shrugged it off.  Later that day I was talking to a neighbor friend and casually and half jokingly asked her if she saw a bright light last night. She gave a humorous response so I explained what my husband saw.  She than told me that 3 or 4 years ago she saw the same thing. it woke her up and she tried to look around her house and outside to see what it was and figured it was something in the sky.  When she went to work the next day she was talking to her co-workers about what she saw and a lady that lives 3 towns over, East Burke, saw the same thing. Well, sometime between April 1-April 5 (we honestly have not been keeping track so we cant remember what night it was) my mother, who was visiting from AZ, was lying awake in her bed and all the sudden there was a bright light that lit up the room. She thought something was wrong with the barn light, but then realized that a light would not have lit up the room like that, plus the light was coming from the sky.  She laid there waiting to hear a helicopter fly by, but there was no noise with the light.  That morning she came downstairs and asked my husband if he saw the bright light. He immediately got goosebumps and said no, but I know exactly what you are talking about. He explained what he had seen prior and also what our neighbor friend saw. We didnt go any further into discussing it besides making the obvious jokes. That brings us to the last sighting that is now making us question what the heck this is. Our neighbor friend came over yesterday and told us that her husband fell asleep on their couch watching tv the other night when he was awoke by a bright light. It lit up their room and he got up and looked outside thinking there was something going on outside. He mentioned it to his wife the next day, but didnt seem to interested in discussing it further.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));44.4361000000001;-72.1107000000003
