Not a light in the sky, this was 30 feet off the ground and we watched it for 20 minutes, it was covered up.;1987-09-15 23:00:00;20 minutes;Not a light in the sky, this was 30 feet off the ground and we watched it for 20 minutes, it was covered up. Leaving friends house I saw a bright orange glow in the distance.  A rainstorm left the sky clear, and the glow was obvious against the cloudless horizon.  As we drove toward that location, we slowed and witnessed a craft hovering above the treetops. It was silent, yet clearly rotating behind a veil of orange brightness.  Turning directly toward it, the headlights swooped through the treeline, and exposed a mist of sparkle. Shining through this mist, the headlights raked the glowing object.  There was a sudden compression or jolt of air,(a soundless poof best describes it), and the craft slowly began to glide away across the treetops.  Glowing cinders, much like tossing a log into a burning barrel would emit, rained down as it moved.  Gliding approx. 30 yds, it took off at a 45 degree angle upward with such incredible speed that a second or two it mixed with stars.  It suddenly burst a bright blue and disappeared from the sky.   Within minutes a Highway Patrol appeared behind us.  I believe he was also witness to the event. Taking our names, he informed us that we did not see anything, and let us drive off.  Arriving home, a minimum of 15 patrol cars were seen entering and sealing access to the roads.  As we exited the car, stepping into the driveway felt much like squirming out of molasses. It was a wierdness that lasted until morning when disbelief set in.  Revisiting the scene in daylight revealed nothing other than the strangeness of an empty horse pasture. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));36.2017;-119.3402
Two flashing lights, possibly pursued by a very silent and bright aircraft.;2013-09-21 23:30:00;20 minutes;Two flashing lights, possibly pursued by a very silent and bright aircraft. We were parked in a car next to an empty cornfield taking when I caught a light out of the corner of my eye. The light was approximately ten to fifteen miles away. As I watched, the light moved laterally, left along the horizon. I told the person I was with to look, and she also watched as the light reversed direction and started moving right. At first we thought it could be a helicopter, but then the light started moving left to right in a speed and manner that was unlike any helicopter I had ever seen. As we continued to watch, the light got significantly brighter and the started to rise before completely flashing out. We watched the area for a little while longer when the person I was with spotted another object. This object moved very similar to the other one, and we continued to watch both. The flashing of the lights was actually very similar to what I have seen certain planets do on a clear night. They would flash from  red to white to blue and then co! mpletely disappear. Shortly after both lights flashed out we observed another light coming fast from the south of our position. We watched and listened but could not hear any sounds from what I thought was a plane due to the tail lights. This third plane had one bright light at the very front and two lights to the rear and left and right respectively. It was completely silent, but was not flying at a height altitude like commercial airliners. After we saw the plane go over us towards the direction of the lights, we both decided to get back into town.;36.2017;-119.3402
Multiple red lights fading in and out for at least 10 minutes.  Looked as if they were in the foothills.;2017-09-17 21:50:00;10 minutes;Multiple red lights fading in and out  for at least 10 minutes. Looked as if they were in the foothills. Approximately 10 bright red lights vertically in the sky towards the foothills.  Extremely bright at first and faded dramatically in the first minute, then they began fading in and out alternately in the same spot for the next few minutes.  Before leaving there were only 4 lights left that were fading in and out.  We saw the same exact thing about a week ago at about the same time.;36.2017;-119.3402
