We were driving north on Interstate 5, around Tulare,CA. We saw something flying in the sky with three big lights, like spotlights. The;1998-07-28 22:00:00;10 minutes;We were driving north on Interstate 5, around Tulare,CA. We saw something flying in the sky with three big lights, like spotlights. The craft was rectagle shaped. It did not appear to have a tail or a front, though it did have 2 small red lights on the side. It swerved in the sky,going up(not too high) and dipping almost to the ground over the empty fields then it flew over the interstate low to the traffic. Turning around and doing the same thing on the other side of the interstate, again crossing over low to the traffic. It did this 4 times then we drove past it. After about 5 minutes we saw the craft again in the field to the left of us, again swerving up and down toward the ground then it crossed in front of us, turned in the field and headed towards the car flying just over the length of the van. We did not hear any noise coming from the craft. The color of the craft seemed dark other than the lights showing. We saw only the one craft at a time. Full description is the same as the short description. Witnesses were a mother and 13 year old daughter who were quite mesmerized by the experience and kept trying to follow it. We did not stop, nor did other vehicles around us.  The second time when we saw the craft, when it came towards us we were the only vehicle on this section of the Interstate.;36.2017;-119.3402
Flashing strobe lights moving and stopping midair, changing direction quickly and changing altitude.;2007-06-25 21:00:00;12 minutes;flashing strobe lights moving and stopping midair, changing direction quickly and changing altitude The night was clear tonight and one set of lights about 500 feet were strobe flashing in sequence..all lights were flashing white and the object moved very quickly...almost hoping in the air...the craft drop up and down in elevation in tandem with pulsing of the lights..the craft would move quickly across the night sky then stopped...moving another direction...then stoping mid air again only to move in a opposite direction very quickly...;36.2017;-119.3402
