UFO in weat feild - Honey Grove - Texas;1984-11-01 17:30:00;5 min;UFO in weat feild - Honey Grove - Texas About the Winter of 1984 my friend and I were riding his Honda 185s 3- wheeler just north of the small town of Honey Grove , Texas. We were actually riding on the public golf course (knowing we were not suppose to! We were about 10-11 yrs old) and ther was a back way out of the golf course. So after driving over a couple greens and tee boxes we deside to go the back way out that leads to a gravel road about 3/4 of a mile from the GC. We head out and down through this trail that at first is thick trees and then becomes an open plowed feild. We ran through this trail many times before. Well, just at the end of the trail, the tree line stops and the open feild begins and there is a jump or a dirt mound that we always liked to jump. We get up some speed and ramp this dirt mound and become airbourne! As soon as we land and look ahead my bud slamms the breaks and we both say at the same time What the hell is that!  The craft was about 50yrds in front of us and hoovering about 30 to 40 feet or treetop high. It seemed to be moving very slowly to the east away from us. (It has been 20 yrs but I still remember it well) I knew immediatly what it was and I told my bud to turn around and get the hell out of here, but he wanted to observe it for a minute and I said that is a UFO and the dam thing will take us up if we don't go and that scared him, so we tured around and boogied off back through the golf course. Nobody was playing golf that day cause it was wet and cold. Although, that day was very clear and the sun was just starting to set. The UFO looked like it had  a welding ark multiplied by 100 on the top and all colored lights like a rainbow dimmer than the top ark brightness. How I could tell it was round was because in the middle of it, this row of approx. 2' tall by 1' wide squares of orange lights would start at a point at us and go around to the otherside of the craft and then end up back at us, but moving constantly. I could hear a faint hum over the 3-wheeler at idle. It sounded like what a guardlight sounds like in your back yard. Besides the lights, the color of it, looked to be smooth stainless steel or some alloy.  I was only 11 yrs old, but my mom had seen somthing a few years before and started researching the UFO thing and talking to people in the area that had seen things like UFO's. I was, and still am, up to date on all the latest Technology as far as Public need to know goes. I have 2 brothers, 1 in the USAF serving in Both gulf wars and knows a lot of stuff about a lot of things along these lines, and another that was in for 4 yrs and got out. I have worked at a top secret Gov. facility but I won't go into detail on that. I know this UFO was definitly a UFO. In a rual town near a rual road in a wheat feild looking like that!! I've been waitng for somthing to look like it for 20 yrs but I have not.  There had been a lot of strange sightings around that area in the early 80's. If someone can explain what it was please do so. I'm not sure if it took us up, but I'm sure curious! I have a diviated septum if it means anything. My bud became one of my enemies later in life over a girl, so I don't know if I could talk to him about it, but I think we could.     I had another encounter in the exact same area about 10 yrs later, but I will save that one.    I have waited 20 yrs to tell this to the public! ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident is approximate.  PD));33.598;-95.9076
