Triangle as big as a CITY;2000-06-10 21:30:00;20 minutes;Triangle as big as a CITY I am submitting this report ten years since it happened.  I have had dreams “vividly” off and on since it happened.  Just recently,  I began experiencing these dreams again.  After searching on the Internet for the meaning of these dreams I found this site.  I am a very “down to earth” type person that usually believes in only Science and Facts.  I have heard many stories from family and others about UFO’s.  And never believed until ten years ago. It was the summer of 2000.  I was traveling down Highway 11, a country road between Weippe Idaho and Orofino Idaho.  I was on my way to Orofino Idaho after visiting a friend in Weippe.  This stretch of road is in the middle of nowhere.  It is on top of a mountain surrounded by wheat fields.  The most you might see normally is a deer in your path.  About 2130 as I entered an area of the road known as “Fraser” (Fraser is a small section of land named after a few old time farmers from the past) I was shocked to see several lights hovering over a mountain top roughly (as the crow fly’s) 25 miles away.  This particular part of the mountain has no what so ever houses or lights and barely any roads.  As I slowed to a near stop I noticed two other vehicles pulled over looking at the lights.  One was a beat-up pickup and one was a station wagon type car.  I pulled in behind them and turned off my lights.  I immediately got out my binoculars and started surveying the lights.  What I ! saw was literally “out of this WORLD”.  There was 6 lights surrounding one singular light in the middle.  The light in the middle was very strange as it was not as bright and pulsated from green to blue to red and back again.  The shape was in a perfect triangle shape just like a upright Pyramid.  The most Awesome thing about this was the size.  It had to be as big as a CITY!  Measuring the only way I knew how, I stretched out my thumb and forefinger and put it up to the sky, It was as I said a good 25 miles away and was at least 3 ½ inches between my thumb and finger in width.  That would make it at least a mile or more wide at this distance.  I and the others watched it for at least ten minutes.  The lights where so close to the top of the mountain it was over that it actually lit up the peak.  After about ten minutes the Station wagon car took off down the road back towards Weippe at a high rate off speed almost hitting me.  Just then the “object” turned slowly just so y! ou could see it’s bottom 3 lights.  Those three lights slowly ! powered up “got very bright” and the whole thing disappeared in a explosion of light.  Just like you would see on Star Trek when they went into “Warp” drive.  I then, dumb founded went over to the pickup truck to see what they had seen only to realize that there was no one in the truck at all.  I think that they all left in the other car, or the pickup was empty to began with.  I think back and could slap my self for not getting the trucks licence plate number if only to verify that I was not going nuts!  I then drove home very shaken up and tried to go to sleep with no luck. The dream that I keep having involves this craft coming over the horizon and a feeling of “impending doom” like the world is going to end.  I know this sounds unbelievable but it is true.  I am of sound mind and have never told this to anyone other than my wife.;46.4952;-116.2404
