craft was about 30-40' in length with very defined corners rectangular in shape and glowing red from inside, hovering,;1971-09-01 22:00:00;5+ minutes;craft was about 30-40feet in length with very defined corners rectangular in shape and glowing red from inside, hovering at a slight an I was driving back to campus with 3 of my friends.  When I came up around fraternity row I immediately saw a red object floating stationary over the campus adjacent to Carnagie hall art building.I pointed it out to my friends and immediately pulled over.   On an impulse I jumped out of my Volkswagen and ran down to where it was.  Keeping the trees between me and it, I was able to get real close to it.  I remember several small beings in white suits with head coverings who looked somewhat oriental.  They seemed to be possibly taking samples or something similar to that.  I was behind a large pine tree observing them and impulsively,again, stepped out into the open and said HI or hello.   This startled them and I took off running back to the car.  About halfway back I stopped and looked back at the craft.  It remained motionless but changed in color from red to light red to dull yellow to white and shrunk into a small dot just like the tv picture tubes of the 60's used to do.  Then that small light shot into space in the blink of an eye. I ran the rest of the way to my car and we were all excited by the event.My friend MJ said he saw green and white lights on the bottom and I remember being upset with him because I did not see them.  This sighting really changed my life.   That night I called the Orono police to find out if anyone else had seen it as it was in a prominent place over campus only maybe 40' in the air and also next to several dorms.  The police said no reports taken and the next day I posted a flier at the student union asking if anyone had seen it, but got no response back.  The sighting was very clear in my mind but after that I have had very unclear memories of seeing profiles thru Windows (of the craft?)  And of being inside it (lit up bright and open and empty) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.8921596491229;-68.7171421052633
