Delta shaped craft seen over UMO (1988?) Oct 15 - very quiet and still to slow moving;1988-10-15 19:55:00;10-15 minutes;Delta shaped craft seen over UMO (1988?) Oct 15 - very quiet and still to slow moving ((NUFORC Note:  We presume UMO stands for University of Maine at Orono (Maine).  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD)) When I first saw this there was not many posts for this type of siting and I let it go except for one post I made to some Purdue researcher that I never heard back from.  However, this is what happened. I was coming back from the computer lab at UMO and noticed a light over the trees as I passed in front of the gym.  Anyway it struck me as odd and I pulled into the parking lot on the ball fields side and looked at it. I realized that it was on my way home about over by the dairy farm.  So, I got back in my car and went like I was going to the dairy farm and while on the way I could occassionally see the glow of the light ( bright white ). As I got closer I saw the source of the light was hovering over the edge of the field.  As I turned into the road that went to the farm I almost immediately pulled over and stopped and got out of the car.  I looked at the clock and it was nearly 8 pm. I looked up at the craft and some things that struck me were the following: it sat as still as if it were on a stand somewhere between 300-1000 feet in the air.  It did not appear to be that big (about the size of a small school bus but wider. ) It appeared to be pretty flat and shaped like a shortened home plate (more delta shaped than rectangular). As I stood there I could no longer see the source of the light because I was a little under it and behind it (the light source on the object) .  I could see the glow of it though.  The next thing that struck me was the sound it made.  It was very quiet but it sounded kind of like a jet engine with the volume turned way down.  No other lights or sound was evident.  The night was still as could be. I watched it for perhaps 5 minutes and at that point it headed towards Route 2 going to Bangor.  As it got close to Brewer I lost site of it because the road was under construction and I could not get into town quick enough to get across the bridge. It never went very fast.  It was still for at least 10 minutes in the beginning and then I followed it for another 5-7 minutes as it followed the river.;44.8921596491229;-68.7171421052633
On April 17th, on the UMaine campus, we saw a triangle shaped craft with three orange lights and one white light.;2009-04-17 02:45:00;7 minutes;On April 17th, on the UMaine campus, we saw a triangle shaped craft with three orange lights and one white light, hover over buildings. Around 1:30am Friday morning, my friend and I left the UMaine campus to pick up friends from a bar. On our way home, around 2:45, we were driving on College Ave. My friend and I both made comments about how illuminated it was. As we were driving by a large field, we saw a heard of about 40 deer, the field was completely light it up, it was very strange. We did not think too much of it and continued to drive to Hilltop parking lot. The parking lot was full because of the time of night and it was hard to find a spot. We were driving up and down the lanes, suddenly facing the hilltop dorms. Hovering very closely over the buildings was a strange craft. We stared at it, and it began to move VERY slowly, without any sound. As it got closer we were able to get a better look, the aircraft was in the shape of a triangle, with orange lights at each point of the triangle and a white light in the middle, and from what we observed it was about twice the size of a car. We kept driving, staring at it. We couldn’t see it anymore as we were weaving up and down the lanes. Then as we turned again, we realized it was above our car, following us throughout the lot. We stopped the car, and the craft moved over the trees. Thinking it was gone we decided to move the car to a different area of the parking lot. As we began to move again, the craft started to come back towards the area we were in. Terrified, we jumped out of the car and ran to our building. We cannot explain what we saw. All we know is it was a triangle with orange lights, hovered closely over buildings, moved slowly, but precisely and was silent…Quite possibly the most terrifying experience of our lives.;44.8921596491229;-68.7171421052633
