An in trouble triangle UFO seen hovering above tree top level in a residential neighborhood.;1983-12-15 01:15:00;15 minutes;An in trouble triangle UFO seen hovering above tree top level in a residential neighborhood. I just finished watching Saturday Night Live.  I went outside to smoke a cigarette on my front porch.  I was sitting sideways to the road, the smoke from my cigarette seemed to be hovering in the air, I was in my own world and didnt notice for a couple of minutes.  When I turned to look up, it was not the smoke from my cigarette.  Right above tree top level, hovering directly across the street was a triangle shaped UFO .  I live in front of a subdivision and the triangle was at the entrance to the subdivision.  It did have smoke around it some and it started make a very loud noise like it was in trouble.  It hovered there quite some time.  I walked out into the yard and stood by my fence.  I could see directly underneath it then.  It had 4 lights that seemed to be in each corner of the triangle.  I know that sounds strange but standing underneath it, the triangle seemed to have four corners.  Like it was triangular on top and square underneath.  I know it doesnt seem to make sense but that is what I saw and Im not lying about it.  It just hovered even after I stood staring at it for what seemed a long time.  It was still making an awful racket.  I finally came to my senses and went and got my sister from in the house.  She came out and we both went and stood by the fence, the craft then oh so slowly began moving up the street, towards Old Stage Rd, going up the hill.  My sister and I walked with it down the side of our fenced yard.  It was still making a loud noise.  Later at a x-mas family get together, my aunt who lives down Old Stage Rd was talking about how a loud noise had woken her up at night a few days ago, she said it was making a terrible noise and she said it was around 1:30am.  So it must have kept traveling down that road.  Also my neighbor across the street came outside, stood underneath it looking up at it.  When the UFO started to move, he jumped in his car and followed it up the road.  My sister nor I ever spoke to him about this since we werent on speaking terms with him.  I always wi! shed I c ould have though.  I have tried to write this in the best way that I know how,  I will never forget it!! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate, but a Saturday occurred on December 17 in 1983, we believe.   We will try to check this.   PD;35.6827999999996;-78.5976999999988
