several unexplained, fast  moving lights in the Rockport, Texas sky disappear after black laser beam is shot into sky;2005-02-14 19:00:00;1 hour;several unexplained, fast  moving lights in the Rockport, Texas sky disappear after black laser beam is shot into sky I was driving home from the grocery store with my sister and sister-in-law. My sister said look at that light in the sky, it's white, blue, and red. I was driving so I could not pay very much attention, but I glanced up and noticed it. My sister then said look, it's moving. At that point my sister-in-law in the back seat said that is not a helicopter, it's moving too fast. I wanted to check it out because they seemed to be alarmed about it. As I was turning the corner I looked up in the sky and I saw it move very fast back in the directon that it was coming from, so I immediately pulled over into a driveway and parked. We continued to watch for about 3 minutes when we noticed that there were more lights blinking and moving in the sky. They began to move back and forth and up and down way too fast to be anything other than ufo's. We noticed that they seemed to be responding to each other by blinking their lights in patterns and after they would do this we noticed the others moving towards each other. At this point we were outside the car screaming to each other in disbelief of what we were seeing. Then we noticed that one of them began to come closer in our atmosphere and moving in our direction. At that point I called my husband, hysterically trying to explain what we were seeing. In this time that I was on the phone the object came closer and moved over our heads at about as high as a helicopter would fly, and that is when we knew these objects were not stars or planes, etc. We could actually see the lights rotating in a clockwise motion around   the middle of the circular craft. That object continued past us, and headed towards town.I then hung up with my husband who thought I must have gone insane. We then focused on the 6-7 other lights in the sky that were moving quickly and flashing lights that were a reddish color. The lights were then scattered throughout the sky and we saw some that they were moving in the direction of our apartments so we hurried home. As I was coming in the apartment complex we noticed that one of the lights looked like it was coming down toward the ground so we drove to the back of apartments to continue watching it. It then started moving behind the trees so we could not see it. Then all of a sudden it came back up into the sky above the trees and then we noticed the other lights coming over from up the street. By this time we are terrifird because there are so many at one time we were afraid that we were being invaded at that moment, so we called the local sheriff's office and began reporting what we saw, and asked if there were other report's yet. As my siser was talking to the person on the phone I noticed a bigger light coming from the ground up over the trees. The best way to describe it would be the way a light turns on a lighthouse, except we don't actually see the light, just the flashing rotation. Just as that light was turning I saw a beam of black light shoot up into the sky where the objects were. I would have expected a laser light to be white but this was not, it looked like a shadow of a laser being shot in the sky. At that point I was really thinking I was insane , and I said to the girls did you see that black laser beam shoot into the sky, just as I said that another black beam extended to the sky and we all saw it that time. It was unlike anything I've ever seen, as it happened we were all screaming into the phone to the sheriff's office what had just happened with the beam and that was enough to get him off the phone and out to where this was happening. He informed us that he was leaving the station to see what we were reporting. We did not tell him our exact location or names in fear of us being labeled as insane. We then noticed that after that beam of dark light the colored flashing lights seemed to just flicker out into space as if they were never there. We then rushed home to tell my brother and he confided in us that he's seen them ever so often in the same vicinity where we saw them. I did call the sheriff's office back to see what the officer had witnessed and we were told that the sargeant was the one who left and he had'nt returned yet. I know this sounds crazy but I am a 25 yr. old mother who works in the medical field and the last time I checked I was completely sane. After seeing that black laser beam of light shoot into the sky I know that what we witnessed was not ordinary. I have always been interested in ufo's even as a child but I had never seen one. I forgot to mention that after seeing the first light I said to my sister I always look and wish to see one and that is when they just seemed to come from everywhere. It was like they were saying you wanted to see us here we are, take a good look.  This experience has changed my life, I came home and described it to my husband and began to cry because everything changes when you actually see one up close and personal. When I'm reading or watching tv shows about them I can put it off as someone's imagination. Now it is clear to me that we are not alone. ((NUFORC Note:  We will invite the witness to have the other witnesses to the alleged event submit their independent reports, as well.  PD));28.0314;-97.0669999999998
