low flying oval light with zig zag bands on it .;1975-11-15 21:30:00;45seconds?;low flying oval light with zig zag bands on it . I'm not sure of the exact time of night but it must have been at least after 9:00pm because my mom told me to take out the garbage . I was always forgetting to do this and this time was no exception.  I walked out of the back door grabbed both cans and walked around the corner of the house. I had taken maybe 6 steps when the thought to look up occured to me. I mention this because it seemed kind of odd to me afterward that I had this thought. I looked directly up(12:00) and saw bright, white, oval or elipse shaped light . The light had diagonal bands or lines that were in a zig-zag pattern across the short diameter of the elipse . The lines were on the apparent bottom and were darker in color than the rest of it. The light was moving due north at slow steady speed. I was facing south . It was kind of a blustery night with strong winds and a very low cloud ceiling . The clouds were moving in a southerly direction at a really good clip . Racing across the sky if you will . At first I thought it was a spotlight shing on the bottom of the clouds but the light was shining down THRU the clouds and I could see wisps of cloud partially obscuring the light . The light was so intense though that I could see  right thru them . There was NO sound at all. As near as I could tell the object/light was just above the cloud layer which seemed to be somewhat less than a 1000 ft. Thats a really uneduacated guess but the best I can give. I was really stunned by this sight and stood there watching it until it went out of sight and for a good while after. What really got me was the fact  of having seen it DIRECTLY over me .I mean if you had dropped a plumb line from it I WOULD HAVE BEEN RIGHT THERE and that precise second is  when I looked up. A  half a second later and I woulnt have seen it at all because it would have been out of my field of vision. The odds of that happening the way it did seemed to be important to me in some way at the time. When I went back in the house my mom asked what had taken so long and I was surprised at her question and I told her nothing! I dont know why I didnt tell her but  I did tell my brother who was very unimpressed . I remember staying up all night thinking about it over and over . Thanks for listening and for the work you do . p.s. I almost forgot ! The size of the light object was slightly less than a lemon if you held it up to the sky . Im also somewhat of an artist and plan to send a drawing . ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.1610000000001;-80.6855
Once in a lifetime;2012-07-12 22:20:00;3 minutes;once in a lifetime when riding down rte 422 i noticed lights above the freeway.  i pulled over and noticed 5 round shapes zig zaging in a close area.  they were orange 1 changed to red. and then i seen 2 more appear.  the bottom 1 was white and lower then the rest of them .  they made a straight line then a complete circle . and 1 by 1 flew into the clouds .   my wife filmed them with her phone;41.1610000000001;-80.6855
