SMALL TRIANGULAR LIGHTS AT HIGH ALTITUDE FLARING BRIGHTLY THEN DIMMING OUT .AFTER FLYING SHORT DISTANCE;2005-06-24 22:50:00;11/2 hrs;SMALL TRIANGULAR LIGHTS AT HIGH ALTITUDE FLARING BRIGHTLY THEN DIMMING OUT .AFTER FLYING SHORT DISTANCE A little before 11 o clock (est) I was out enjoying the night air. I looking at a fairly bright star towards the east about 3/4 of the way up the sky from the horizon when I noticed what I thought at first was a satellite .It was faint like a dim star but as I looked more carefully I saw that it was really three points of light making a very small triangle . I saw no strobe lights and the three lights were all of about the same brightness . They were moving from south to north very slowly and seemed to be at a great altitude . They were somewhat reddish in color. The lights had not moved far when they began to get much much brighter like some one was turning up a dimmer switch to its brightest setting and then back down slowly . They kinda of flared up and the lightwas a very bright bluish white like a star going nova  . This brightness lasted only a couple of seconds and then they dimmed to their original magnitude and then within a couple seconds of that the disapeared entirely. This happened 4 times in sucession with 4 different sets of lights . The 4th was much closer to the horizon than the other three and it lasted the longest maybe 20 seconds. It to flared brightly and then very quickly dimmed and was gone. I then went into the house and told my son about it and went back outside . A few minutes later he came out and I was describing what it was that I had seen and was pointing out the location in the sky when I noticed another one in the same area but this time going northwest to southeast. He saw it immediately and as he watched with me the lights flared and faded as before . We continued to watch this for about an hour and it happened repeatedly in exactly the same manner . the amount of time any one of these small triangles were visible ranged from 20seconds to LESS THAN 5 SECONDS . The emphasis is intentional . They were definetly not planes unless planes dim their lights or shut them off completely . They werent satellites either unless they can do the same thing . I have seen satellites on many occasions of meteor shower watching and I have NEVER seen anything do this . All of this activity took place in the same small area of the sky at a high altitude except for the 4th one  All of the sightings after the first 4 were moving in different directions but originating or appearing in the same area of the sky near cygnus (I think ,Im not very good at constellations .  Have you ever heard of anything like this before ? My son is 15 and very curious about what he has just seen as am I. I had just sent you the a report of the only sighting I have ever had ( TILL NOW !) just last week . Weird .;41.1610000000001;-80.6855
Two crafts flew over a residential area and suddenly disapeared without any obstruction of view from a very short distance.;2019-11-26 19:43:00;1 minute;Two crafts flew over a residential area and suddenly disapeared without any obstruction of view from a very short distance. I was driving down a road that went down a tall hill. From the top of this hill, I was able to see 2 flying objects, each with three visible lights.  They looked to be about a quarter mile away.  At first they looked like helicopters.  Then both crafts began moving North when one suddenly vanished.  There wasn't anything obstructing my view, the light coming from it just vanished. I started driving faster to keep the other craft in my sight.  The craft turned to the left, showing me what I believe was the back side of the craft.  After turning to this angle, about 8 lights were now visible going across the back of the craft.  The craft suddenly rotated to the right.  Now the craft was in a vertical position instead of horizontal.  It began to move a little faster.  And then the light from this craft disapeared just as quickly as the one before it.  I continued to drive in the direction they were heading, but wasn't able to find the lights from these crafts again.;41.1610000000001;-80.6855
