UFO  spotted in Foley.;2012-06-25 22:30:00;5 minutes;UFO  spotted in Foley My wife and I were on our way to Gulf Shores, AL, for a vacation.  Sometime in June or July 2012.  It was a Sunday night. Around 10:30p.m. Travelling south on hwy 59. We had stopped to do some shopping in the town of Foley.  About ten miles from the ocean. Very near the intersection of hwy.59 and the Foley Beach Expressway. I was done shopping so I walked out to the car and was waiting for my wife to finish up inside. Just as I sit down in the car, I notice a large glowing redish orange diamond shape ufo descending quickly into a patch of woods sse across from hwy. 59 about 350 yards away.  (It had to of been at least 50' across and maybe 15' high at the center.) I could no longer see the diamond shape, but I could see the orange glow through the trees and brush. Just then my wife opened the car door. Startling me. I pointed across the hwy. She immediately said what is that? A fire? I had rolled down my window and could not hear anything. Two northbound vehicles went by at about this same time. I never saw brake lights on them. We watched the glow for a minute before my wife started recording on her cell phone. About a minute into recording the glow, the craft slowly rose up into view. As it began moving east over the tree tops it accelerated quickly and was gone. We were both astonished at what we had just witnessed.  There was a service road leading along hwy.59 that we took out of the parking lot.  We were creeping along on it, looking in the direction of where we had seen the craft land. There was no traffic on the highway, so we were just kind of sitting there on the service street. We were starting to continue on our way since nothing was happening. Then I heard the distinct sound of a rifle from the wooded lot.  (Now directly across from the hwy from our position.) Then another shot. A few seconds, later my wife gasped and I looked at her. She was staring (mouth open) about 50 yards down and across the highway. When I looked I saw two, very large men dressed in all black, sprinting across hwy. 59 to the south and west. We were both now almost in shock when all of a sudden another man came running out of the wooded lot, right in front of our headlights.  Directly across the hwy. from is.  Again from the east side of hwy.59. carrying a rifle.  He took one look at me sitting there, looking at him and yelled get the hell out of here! before proceeding at a dead run west across 59. My wife started yelling, telling me to go! The last man was across the hwy. and running down it to the south. We had pulled out onto the highway (we were both very scared at this time) and was maybe a hundred feet away from the last man. My wife gasped again as she said she saw ( I was driving) a large limb strike the man with the rifle, running south beside hwy. 59, knocking him into the highway and literally knocking the rifle out of his hands. We were luckily in the other lane of hwy. 59  My wife said stop and rolled down her window as we cautiously approached the man trying to get up. The road was still empty. There was another large wooded area here on the west side of the hwy. just south of the business we had just left. She asked him if he was alright. He was breathing hard and still trying to recover from the ground. He said yeah. Then he asked us if we saw it? (We don't know if the man was referring to the other two men or the ufo.) My wife said yes, and asked if he was sure he was ok. He said yea. I asked him if he wanted us to call 911 for him? He laughed and said if you want to go ahead grabbed up his rifle, removed the limb from the road, turned around and noticeably limped off going back east across the highway from where he had come. It was so surrealistic. Lasting maybe 4 or 5min. One other thing. To this day my wife swears the first two men we saw running out of the wooded lot crossing hwy.59 were at least ten feet tall. She saw them first and got a better look than me. She said the man with the rifle was a big man.  Six foot or so.  She said the two, it appeared he was chasing were at least three or four feet taller than him. The video we shot was Very poor due to very bad timming (she had just turned the video off when the first two men came running out of the woods) and a well lit business next to the lot. As well as billboard lighting close by. And just the excitment catching us up. We both agree on everything except the size of the first two men. They were big guys. I just don't think they were as big as my wife thinks they were. We both agreed to never talk about this again after sharing the story with two other friends of ours from church. I am curious though if the two other cars that went by that night going north may have saw the ufo. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));30.4025097222222;-87.686861111111
Lights flying east in formation non recognized light displayed, flashing red greens with one steady burn  white light leading, nostrobs;2013-12-26 22:30:00;5 minutes;lights flying east in formation non recognized light displayed, flashing red greens with one steady burn  white light leading, no strobes, no sound. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.4025097222222;-87.686861111111
