A btight, white, flashing light followed my car and then got dircectly above my car for 2 blocks until it flew away very fast.;2008-01-10 02:00:00;20 minutes;A btight, white, flashing light followed my car and then got dircectly above my car for 2 blocks until it flew away very fast. I left the River Mist at approximatly 2:00AM. I was travelling north on Highway 377. Shorly after starting out north I observed a extremely bright, white light about the size of a motorcycle head light. The flashing light was white and very bright it was moving at the speed of my car just below the treetops. It was about 100 feet from my car and the highway. The flashing light stayed at the same speed as my car. I slowed down to 50MPH and the light slowed down, I sped up to 60MPH and the light stayed even with my car. The light followed me for about seven miles until I got to a clearing and then it raised up directly above my car close enough that it's light was flashing on the highway in front and sides of my car. I could see the light on the pavement outside my driver's side window flashing. That occured for about two blocks until I had to turn east on Highway 59. When I made my turn, it raised way up high, still flashing then flew southeast at a very fast rate of speed. After I went four blocks I turned north onto Old Highway 99 and drove 3/4 of a mile to my home.  The display of the milage turned red. I turned my car off in the driveway after the display turned red and then started the car again the display where the milage is was a row eights. I turned my car off and then ran into the house. The next morning I started the car and everything was fine, I took it to have it serviced that morning.;35.2504;-96.666
Silver ball shaped object near jet, moved in opposite direction of jet, blinked like a star, heavy jet traffic;2012-01-06 17:00:00;3 minutes 20 seconds;Silver ball shaped object near jet, moved in opposite direction of jet, blinked like a star, heavy jet traffic On January 6, 2012, between 5 - 5:30pm, I was traveling northbound in my car when I saw an object near the smoke trail of a jet. I arrived at a stop sign & looked up to see a jet and the usual smoke following it, but towards the end and just under the smoke trail there was a motionless, silver ball-shaped object. I was trying to make out what this could be, but had to focus on the road. I turned in a westerly direction and when I looked back up, the object was gone. It was still light outside, so I told myself it must've just been a reflection of some kind, but up ahead, I saw the object again, blinking like a star, moving at a high rate of speed in a westerly direction, leaving no trail. It either went too fast to see anymore or vanished, because it was nowhere. At this same time, I counted SIX jets (all with smoke trails) in the vicinity.;35.2504;-96.666
Orbs of light moving in the evening sky;2012-08-26 21:00:00;3 minutes;Orbs of light moving in the evening sky On the evening of August 26, 2012, I and my husband returned to our driveway from taking a bike ride. We saw a large round orb of light moving from a Northwest direction towards the East. I ran inside to get the camera and we witnessed the large round ball of light move steadily towards the south, stop for a few moments and slowly float behind trees until it lowered and I couldn't see it anymore.  Had I went around to the back of our home we may have seen more, but I didn't.  Two nights later, on August 29 around 9pm I went outside to feed our cat. I saw in the South two more of the orbs, one small one that floated up and a larger one that moved toward the East.  It slowly floated down in the same area the orb did two nights before.  Again, I didn't go behind the house to see where it went, but I was a bit excited/scared so I didn't really want to go back there! I have uploaded these videos on YouTube under my channel name td05771.;35.2504;-96.666
