at the time of the incident, i thought nothing strange of it, as i was attending a povincial ball tournament with my son s ball team in;2001-08-18 00:10:00;3 seconds;at the time of the incident, i thought nothing strange of it, as i was attending a povincial ball tournament with my son s ball team in a city 300 kms from our home, however upon return home i learned that my sister too, had witnesses this light in the sky. the other two witnesses and i were sitting outside our motel room chatting away when a portion of the sky lit up the same type of color that you see at sunset the eveing before hot sunny weather is expected, you know the reddish/ yellow color, very briefly, and there was a bright light travelling quickly, as though it were falling appproxiamatly i km away.  300 kms south of us, my sister was travelling home from a local concrt when she saw a light of similar description which she too, thought to be in her vicinity.  she has subsequently been interviewed for the local paper and was contacted by a physicist in regards to the incident which he was at a loss to confirm, although he hypothesized that it may be space junk at the time we witnessed this falling object we didnt feel the need to report to authorities because we simply thought it to be onje of the visiting ball teams setting off a fire cracker, as youth will often do, although there was no sound to it whatsoever. the physist assured my sister that there in fact may be a much further distance than appears due to the height of the object thus explanning the illusion of proximaity in the two locales as well as another in a neighboring town by another witness who thought it to be landing in her very own back yard, however because my sister is convinced of its proximity to her home, she is going on pursuit to track any unfamiliar looking objects in her alledged landing area. i will gladly post any further findings in the interest of the curious mind. as for now, the best i can describe the light would be as stated above, the lit sky followed by the travelling light with a tail-like end to it. this is not a hoax but simply a report of what was witnessed, in a non sensationating manner.  hope it has been of interest to you.;46.1537;-67.5884
lights moving north;2003-07-28 23:00:00;2 hours;lights moving north I have been noticing lights leaving south, going north for almost 2 weeks.  The lights are soundless and colourless, and I can almost guarantee a sighting each night.  As they are travelling through the sky, you can see the light crisscross or stop completely, and then move on.  Some stop completely and then get very bright, and then the light goes down abit, and it moves on.  One night I counted at least 10 and I had witnesses, one was my husband and the other, a friend.  Neither could give an explanation to what I had been witnessing. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the witnesses are observing satellites.  PD));46.1537;-67.5884
