I arrived home with my children at approximately 8:25 P.M. and noticed a bright star in the north. At first I thought it was a bright s;2004-09-13 20:25:00;3-4 min;I arrived home with my children at approximately 8:25 P.M. and noticed a bright star in the north. At first I thought it was a bright star next to Cassiopeia, but being familiar with astronomy I did not know what star it was, and that is what got my attention.  As I started to remove my son from his car seat I looked up again, and still wondered what star I was seeing. I started to talk to my son who was now out of his car seat and moving out of the truck, when it caught my attention again as it started to move. At first it moved slowly for a short distance, but then accelerated rapidly before coming to a complete stop. I then noticed the strobe lights of two aircraft, and the object started to move again in the direction of the aircraft. I was then able to determine it was much lower in altitude than the aircraft, and it had no strobe lights of its own. The object zigged and zagged several times before moving very rapidly and vanishing.  Given the fact that it was stationary, then moving in a controlled manner several times over the three to four minutes this lasted, I determined it could not have been a meteor disintegrating. It must have moved away at such a high speed, I could not follow with my eyes.  I know what I saw, and as I said above it lasted several minutes. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  We have no way to contact the person.  PD));42.08;-71.4174999999998
Did anyone else see this in Mass Thanksgiving Eve?;2005-11-23 19:00:00;1minute;Did anyone else see this in Mass Thanksgiving Eve? Well I saw what i thought was a huge plane on Thanksgiving Eve night heading right towards me because i saw two solid lights on what i thought where wings. Then it seemed like it was going faster because it flew right in front of me ,before it flew past the trees in my view I noticed that there where two crafts flying at the exact angle as the one in front or next two it, I was in my friends car and right when i saw that there  where two i rolled down my window and heard nothing. They where there and gone in seconds. My friend that was driving was inside a friends house and I was waiting in the driveway I told him right when he got in but im not sure he beleived me. I swear i saw two solid lights, no blinking like planes, these must have been crafts but i saw no shape of them and moved very fast . Other people had two have seen this they where flying pretty low and now that i think of it there was a new bridge just constructed where this happened in Franklin.;42.08;-71.4174999999998
