Solid, silent Black Triangle UFO over Franklin, Massachusetts;2006-03-30 19:18:00;8 seconds;Solid, silent Black Triangle UFO over Franklin, Massachusetts In the early evening on March 30th, 2006 my girlfriend and I watched a perfectly equilateral triangular-shaped craft travel across the sky while seated outside on the back porch of our home in Franklin, Massachusetts.  The craft was totally silent and we could clearly see that is was a solid object.  The craft had about 8 dim pin point white lights across the back edge of the craft, no other lights were apparent on the craft. It was traveling from the southwest to the northeast.  We were able to watch it for approximately 8 seconds before it disappeared behind trees. The speed was comparable to a normal commercial jet flying over our home on an approach to Boston Logan Airport.  We have commercial aircraft fly over frequently, and if this was a commercial or similar sized jet we would have easily heard the engines, as we always do - yet at the time this was the only craft in the sky and it was completely silent.  If I had held my hand out at arms length, and trying to estimate the size, it would have been close to, or a little larger than, the size of an American quarter.  There was a definite thickness to the triangle shape, the thickness being roughly about 5% of it's length.  The sky was not completely dark yet at this time, and it was easy to see that the craft's color was a very dark gray, not quite as dark as the clear sky behind it.  It was being slightly lit by the ambient light left over from sunset and the lights of the town, and it was not shiny but more semi-gloss in texture - there is no doubt that it was a completely solid perfect equilateral shaped triangle, and very large.  The weather conditions were completely clear, not a cloud in the sky.  Immediately after the sighting I came in the house and contacted Brian Vike of HBCCUFO Research by telephone and made a verbal report, which can also be seen on his website at www.hbccufo.org.  This is not my first UFO sighting, but it was my first triangle sighting.  My first UFO sighting was as an Airman in the USAF in August of 1978 in Phelan, California, it was a multiple sighting with 3 glowing oval-shaped craft.;42.08;-71.4174999999998
