Reddish orange, large lights moving slowly from east to west.  Linear, lighter center with pulsating orange/red on each side.;2012-08-14 21:30:00;10 minutes;Reddish orange, large lights moving slowly from east to west.  Linear, lighter center with pulsating orange/red on each side. About 9:30 pm, Tuesday, Aug. 14, 2012.  Driving west on Stateline Rd. between Hwy 45 and Deep Lake Rd.  A large, bright orange, circular light caught my attention through the trees.  It was just north of the road, and west of my vehicle.  When I passed some of the trees, I noticed that there were actually three of the lights/objects, located in a triangular formation and slowly moving west.  I started to lose the lights in the trees again and turned north onto Deep Lake Rd to get a better look, thinking they were probably just helicopters.  When I turned onto Deep Lake Rd, I pulled over onto the shoulder and realized that there was absolutely no sound coming from the objects/lights.  At that point, they changed into a linear formation and continued moving west, past Deep Lake Rd.  While I was watching, they just blinked off as if someone had turned off a light switch.  They went off at different times, not all at once.  At that moment, I noticed another ligh! t coming from east of Deep Lake Rd., following the same course as the first three lights.  It continued further west than the first three, and I turned back onto Stateline Rd./North Ave. heading west to follow it.  I lost the light at that point because I could not keep an eye on it and keep driving.  I never saw it again. I do have a crummy still picture of two of the first group of lights on my cell phone, but it really doesn’t do them justice.  As the first three lights passed over Deep Lake Rd., I noticed that they actually seemed to have a cigar-shaped center that was bright white orange in color, and the red-orange color was pulsating from side to side.  The best description I could think of without drawing it would be a butterfly sort of shape.  I cannot believe I saw something so strange, and other than this report I have not said anything to anyone.  I do not see any similar reports to mine on your website that took place at the same time/place.  The other really eerie thing about this experience is that the entire time I was watching these lights, I did not see a single other vehicle on the road.  I cannot think of a time when I have traveled this stretch of road without seeing another vehicle.  I consider myself a skeptic when it comes to UFOs.  I have always told myself that there is an earthly explanation for all these strange sightings and events.  However, I have never seen anything even remotely close to this in the sky.  I would really love for someone to tell me what the heck I saw, and I would feel a lot better if it could be explained by something simple or familiar.  I don’t object to being contacted if someone has a serious interest in investigating this, but I do not want anyone to think I am completely nuts either.  If you have any idea what I may have seen, please let me know.;42.4655;-88.1162000000001
