Three orange orb-like structures were seen for around 3 minutes.;2013-06-29 21:40:00;3 minutes;Three orange orb-like structures were seen for around 3 minutes. This occurred when everyone in my family was waiting to take a dog walk. My mom was outside and when I went out she said to come over quickly to where she was in the road. She then pointed into the sky towards the west where there was an orange orb-like thing that is probably one of the “fireballs” everyone else has been talking about.  The structure was moving east, but more towards the southeast.  About 30 seconds later, a second orb appeared and was moving in the exact path of the one in front of it.  I then ran inside to get binoculars with my brother and when we came outside the two we had seen previously had vanished.  According to my parents who were still outside when we went in, they had just disappeared a little after we had gone inside. After we were out with our binoculars, about 30 seconds late when we were just looking around, another orb appeared in the west, but this one appeared brighter and also looked as if it either had two sections to it or it was two orbs in tandem with each other.  After about 10 seconds, they had joined and there was only one bright orange orb there moving southeast like the others.  When I was looking at it through the binoculars I started to notice this black circle starting to engulf it.  I kept watching, as was my brother, and we both looked away in amazement when we saw it turn completely black. We thought it was gone like the others, but then my brother noticed a black dot in the sky that was really weird to see.  This was just after the sunset, so there was some light in the sky still. We went over to look at it and it was still moving after stopping briefly in the sky. It then moved towards the direct south and then began to move down.  We couldn’t see it after that, so we d! on’t know if it landed or if it was just moving out of our view in the sky. The orb looked a lot smaller with the binoculars on rather than the naked eye and the majority of the light looked like it was coming from the top of it. Also, we were talking about it after and we were wondering if the structure cut its power to either go in orbit or maybe even land. My mom was waving to them in the air and she thinks she saw them stop when she waved. However, she says there’s a chance it could be her imagination, but you never know with these! This isn’t our first encounter with these. Two summers while we were camping in the Adirondacks, we saw two very bright orange orbs that were pretty close to each other. This is interesting to me because on the website here it says the reports mostly were after June 2012 and this would’ve been July 2011. Also, my parents saw a whole group of them form some sort of a pattern last summer when they were coming back from a concert. They stopped on the road a got to see the whole “show,” but when they called me and my brother at home they were gone and we didn’t get to see them. I have no idea what these are, but I do look forward to hopefully seeing more in the future!;43.1571000000001;-76.328
Fluorescent blue ball of light with a slight zig zag falling in the horizon sky;2015-11-15 22:30:00;5 seconds;Flourecent blue ball of light with a slight zig zag falling in the horizon sky I was watching T.V. and happened to notice out the window a flourecent blue ball of light falling in the horizon and had a little zig zag to it as it fell.  It was falling rapidly so it only lasted a few seconds until it dissapeard from veiw behind across the street house.  It was not a shooting star it was something I have never seen before and for it to be as evident as it was from me sitting about 10 feet from the window and an orange street light in the same window is astonishing as bright as it showed up.;43.1571000000001;-76.328
