Very intense bright white light, lingered for a second or two then vanished.;2018-10-04 17:00:00;5 seconds;Very intense bright white light, lingered for a second or two then vanished. I was riding my bike in a westerly direction in Village Green, Baldwinsville, NY.  The sky was cloudless, a perfect blue sky.   Suddenly, I saw a very intense white light above me.  Initially, I assumed it was an airplane with sunlight glinting off of metal.  After a few seconds its light dimmed significantly.  I could see a cylinder shaped object for a second then it vanished in thin air!;43.1571000000001;-76.328
Observed four crafts moving strangely over the Seneca River.;2019-10-28 22:00:00;30-45 minutes;Observed four crafts moving strangely over the Seneca River. Monday October 28th, myself, my husband and my daughter witnessed odd crafts over the Seneca River.  We were in town at the local laundry mat and the clothes were in the dryer so my daughter and myself decided to go outside for a walk.  We walked down to the Seneca River and were walking eastward when we noticed a strange light flashing over the river to the SE. It was obvious this was something odd, it was stationary, but not, it would stay in one place until it jumped up or down or left or right, but we did not see it move, this may sound absurd but it was as if it was teleporting.  As we watched the light, another one appeared ( simply appeared in our field of vision, it did not fly in) to the south of the first.  They moved towards each other, the flashing intensified as if they were fire flies communicating, they passed each other, one over the other and then one lowered and one rose and they just sat there parallel to each other flashing.  We just stood there and watched, trying to wrap our heads around what we were seeing. Appx. 15 minutes or so into the event we noticed another light rising out of the trees on the far side of the river, it rose straight up, as it rose there was a steady bright light on the underside of the craft that illuminated the trees.  It climbed to a height slightly lower than the other two and proceeded in a southerly direction, it stopped and hovered to the south of the other two crafts. The third craft suddenly light up so bright it looked like another moon, or a streetlight, it was just the white light, very bright, for about 10 seconds before it proceeded back to the north gaining altitude as it went, at a faster pace and we lost sight of it.  The first two started drifting apart, seeming to teleport here and there as they went. As we watched them a fourth craft came in from the north, this one was larger, in fact I thought it was a plane at first until it joined the other two and dropped down below the tree line.  The fourth craft had the single bright light on the bottom that illuminated the trees and reflected off the river as it dropped in altitude, however it was a longer shape and had a third light on the rear that was a blueish color along with the flashing red and white lights on the front.  It lowered until we thought for sure it would land but then it took off at a high rate of speed slightly above the tree tops heading in an easterly direction. None of the crafts made any sound, the flashing lights varied, and seemed to react to on another.  Eventually the first craft just disappeared, the second remained, flashing and slowly moving around the area.  Finally my daughter and I broke away from the sight to go and get my husband.  We brought him out and the single craft was still there, he did not recognize it either.  He is a very skeptical person, I have never seen him unable to explain a light in the sky. Eventually after nearly an hour of observing these lights, it proceeded to go up and to the north and we lost sight of it.  I am 37 years old, a mother of three, and work from home as an artist.  My daughter is 17 years old, and a student.  My husband is 42 years old and a computer engineer.;43.1571000000001;-76.328
