Las Cruces lights.;1987-10-28 20:30:00;30 minutes;Las Cruces lights. It was wednesday before halloween but I don't remember the date.  I fell asleep about 8:30 and was awakened by a bright light in my room.  At first I thought I had overslept and it was full day but when I woke I realized the light was gone, I looked out the window thinking someone was in the yard putting a flashlight to windows (I lived in a 4plex that was empty except for my unit).  No sign of anyone, then I thought maybe a car had gone down the dirt road behind the complex, but there was nothing.  I was ready to go back to sleep when I saw that it was almost a full moon.  While I was admiring the moon I saw a 'star' move from one side of the moon to another, then it was joined by two more.  The three moved together to another part of the sky, then were joined by 6 more.  They did geometric formations, pyramids, triangles, then light shot between them for a few seconds.  Then all but one zipped off.  The one came close and got big, it looked like a sphere with lights stobing around the middle, but I could have imagined that.  It might have been a disk or just a circle of stobing lights.  No way to tell.  It hovered a while and suddenly the lights went dark for a second, then they came back on and a beam of light shot down to the ground.  It was bright white and seemed to have a spiral of brighter light in it (some kind of movement).  It stayed on for a few seconds, went off then on again.  then it went off and the lights left.  There was no sound the whole time.  I looked at the clock and it was 9:00pm.  I remember it fairly well because I wrote it down.  What was weird is that I was usually exhausted because of work and kids and too much to do to ever get enough sleep and I felt like I had a full nights restful sleep.  The next day I called the police and sheriff to see if a helicopter had been in the area or if anyone else had seen anything.  Neither department owned a helicopter and said the military did not have one in the area.  No one had reported seeing any lights. ((NUFORC Note:  The Wednesday before Halloween was October 28.  We have corrected the date above.  PD));32.3524557077626;-106.75260913242
It was never anything I have seen before.;1997-07-07 20:45:00;30 minutes;It was never anything I have seen before. Upon leaving work I was heading home.  On the horseshoe of Nike Ave. I saw against the mountains ( north of the  artillary range area) what looked like fire.  The year before we had fires in the same area and this caught my eye.  But this orange ball of fire moved  from upper part of the mountains downward onto the White Sands Missle Range where I work.  This ball then moved horizontally northward and then eastward in my direction.  I was driving westward towards the object.   The horeshoe is just a curve in the road on Nike Ave.  and after the curve it is a straight road for about 9-10 miles.  As I drove towards the objest ( about 5 miles ) it also came towards me. It traveled about total 8-10  miles (not sure this distance) from mountain top to middle of the missle range where I stopped my car midway down Nike Ave. The object in its travel changed color from fire orange and circular to a luminous white.  It was about  a block away in the desert.  It looked like a huge lightbulb desending from a height of about  30 feet  to where I thought it might touch down on the ground but it did not.  It kicked up a little desert dust for only a second then huvered in one spot about 10 feet off the ground.  It did not wobble or drift in any direction from the first time I obsevved it to the time I later lost site of it.  It traveled like it was programmed to follow a digital course or never made any course corrections as it moved.  I figure it took about less than 5 minutes to travel from the mountain top to the middle of the road or the 8 mile trip. When I stopped my car on the road I stopped delibertly  to have my headlights facing the thing.  It did not land but stopped and did not move in any direction.  It just stayed put and it did not rotate or pitch.  It looked like a lightbulb about 6 feet across and about 10 feet tall.  glass end up. it had a dark socket underneith....just like a litebulb.   I thought it might be a hot air balloon but it was incondesently bright.  If people were in it they would have to be in the glass section the bottom socket section was too small.  There was no ropes between sections.  The two sections were connected directlly together.  I then saw the thing turn its light off and I told myself don't blink and watch to see if this thing would turn on again.  I was thinking if it was a hot airballoon I would see the delay of small fire ignition to maximum turn on of full throttle propane burn. Well, I did not blink and I thought I could see beyond the thing (like it became transparent for a second)  then it turn to full brillancy instantly (like you turn on a lightbulb).  There was no flutter of flame as a hot airballoon does and the thing never changed altitude.  I thought  that if anyone was in the thing they would have had there night vision obsured for the high intensity of the light that came from within.  I couldn't see anything inside if it even had a inside.  All I saw was a giant lightbulb flying in the air.  Next I decided to flash my headlights on and off to see if anything would happened.  At that point the thing started back the same way it had came back the exact course traveled before up to the mountain top.  As it was heading back I followed down the road in its direction but it was faster than my car.  Then it went over the mountain top and I lost site of it for a few moments.  About 10 minutes later it came over another mountain top and it looked like two car lights coming over the mountain top (above the mountain).  Each light came north together then flew away from each other (one east and the other west like synchonized swimming and then flew back to the mountain to be lost from site.  I also absorved a flashing red lite that looked like the light on a helicopter above the mountain right where the two lights flew.   Also this object didn't make any sound as it travel or stopped in the air.  When the object first came down along the mountain it lit up the mountain with its orange glow.  If this was balloonist they were flying in an are forbidden to fly (White Sands Missle Range artillary range) and they would be flying over very trecherous and dangerous mountain at night.  When the object flew back over the mountain it remained luminous white.   I don't know if it turned into two headlight at the end of the trip but these two lights were alot smaller in size and the flashing red light would be a third light .  All three lites were three seperate units.  The red lite stayed motionless over the mountain top while the white lites were moving in two different directions to each other.  All three came to the same are on the far side of the mountain and that is where I could not see them anymore. It was the one day in my life I wish I has had a camera.  ((name deleted)).;32.3524557077626;-106.75260913242
Bright object in sky moving at extremely fast speed and changing course abruptly;2007-06-11 09:00:00;7 hours;Bright object in sky moving at extremely fast speed and changing course abruptly We observe this every night, near the moon and in several areas of the sky.  They look like bright stars, but move incredibly fast (changing direction suddenly).  We did research on the internet and some speculated that they were the ISS and/or satellites, however neither of these are applicable simply because of their rapid movement and extreme course changes.  I have no idea if we are seeing these due to our proximity to White Sands Missile Range, and this is mere coincidental speculation anyway.  My wife used our admittedly lower quality telescope, and the objects moved so fast they were leaving a 'streak' and very difficult to track and focus.  We are and have been avid skywatchers since childhood.  While I would like to find a perfectly logical answer to this, the simple truth is that in my 54 years I have never observed anything like this.  The 'stars' are unusually bright.  What my wife did glimpse is that the object looked round at first, and then changed shape (at this time she could not be more specific, however we will continue to watch and hopefully be able to provide more information).  A higher quality telescope will be in the future as well.  The most interesting of these objects appeared left of the moon last summer (June).  These objects are the last to vanish from the dawn sky, lasting much longer than the stars.  Any further commentary would be speculative which is not the purpose of this report.;32.3524557077626;-106.75260913242
Lights appear and then rotate upwards into the sky.;2012-06-26 05:00:00;At least an hour;Lights appear and then rotate upwards into the sky. On June 26th, 2012 at approximately 5:00am my roommate and I went outside and saw some strange lights in the sky. I photographed them. In one picture one appears oval and in another egg shaped.  At about 6am after I went inside my roommate witnessed one appear to rotate upwards into the sky and the other subsequently disappeared.;32.3524557077626;-106.75260913242
