Black disc floating towards Great Falls.;1969-06-01 13:00:00;15 minutes;Black disc floating towards Great Falls. In the summer, as I was driving toward a farm in Waltham, Montana, I spied a disc-shaped object above the horizon.  I was about 1/2 mile from that horizon created by a bluff ahead and was driving my dad's car.  It looked to be about the size of a semi (sideways) just above the bluff.    I wanted to see the object as close as I could so I accelerated around the turns toward the top of the hill.  As I did so, the object floated over the hill and I raced to the top and stopped on the side of the road, ran and jumped the fence.    In a matter of a few minutes the object had floated a couple miles down into the valley toward Great Falls.   This all happened in broad daylight in the early afternoon, as I recall.   The object was pretty much black - I don't remember seeing any distinguishing features - no lights, etc.   I watched it continue to float toward Great Falls until it disappeared in the distance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.5822;-110.786
Black disc floating towards Great Falls with bright spotlight.;1969-06-01 17:00:00;30 min;Black disc floating towards Great Falls with bright spotlight. The second sighting was just one or two days later.  It was later in the evening, as we were unloading our last truckload of grain.  I saw an object in the west again toward Great Falls.  The sun was almost set.  This object looked to be several miles away - maybe 3-5.  It was similar to the first one, but this time had something like a very bright (like an arc-welder) spotlight that it could turn around and shine different directions.   I watched it for several minutes, not mentioning it to anybody else as it floated around the general area and then floated off towards Great Falls and disappeared in the distance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.5822;-110.786
