I have seen what I thought may be a helicopter over Spanaway for 10 nights or so and I watched it for an hour hover and slightly.;2015-07-05 03:00:00;Now;I have seen what I thought may be a helicopter over Spanaway for 10 nights, or so, and I watched it for an hour hover and slightly move.  Grabbed the binoculars because my neighbor's huge spot light was lighting up the woods behind my place.  When I look through binoculars I can see red, green and blue lights.  My husband thought it was a star until he took a closer look.  Will a star or helicopter have those color lights blinking.  I also saw 2 triangle shaped silent air craft with one white lights on a side and red in the front.   They were flying low and I am very familiar with the sounds of planes living near JBLM ((Joint Base Lewis McChord.  PD)) (base), Seatac airport, and a private airstrip 10 miles away.  There were also 2 big weird lights I could see through the tress in the county property behind my house which of course could have been someone that broke in back there, but that would be a first.   One of the lights faded out then a new light appeared on the opposite side of the light that rem! ained lit.  Then went out a few minutes later.  I watched the remaining light for awhile to see if it was a lantern, but it didn't move, so I think it it a vehicle of some sort. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a twinkling star, given the number of nights the witnesses have observed the object.  PD));47.0773;-122.3921
Odd object hovering above.  ((NUFORC Note:  We are uncertain as to whether this is a serious-minded report.  PD));2017-05-21 00:00:00;3-4 minutes;Odd object hovering above. Around midnight, all at once, it seemed like every dog in the neighborhood started barking - crazy barking.  I thought someone was either prowling in my yard or my neighbor's yard. We've had problems in this regard.   I grabbed my gun and ran outside.  When I got out to my front yard, I heard an odd whirling sound.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw some pulsating lights coming from above.  I looked up and there was a large object hovering over me emitting flashing lights.  It was around 500 feet up and appeared to be larger than a helicopter or small airplane. I ran back inside the house and grabbed my phone.  When I returned to my front yard, the object was still there only at a much higher altitude.  It stated racing off in another direction while ascending upward.;47.0773;-122.3921
