Strange glowing light and noise from two crafts in Washington state;2010-09-09 02:00:00;aprox 30-45 secons;Strange glowing light and noise from two crafts in Washington state Early in the morning of the Ninth of September, I was with my friend driving on Pacific Highway somewhere between Spanaway and Mt. Rainer. I had to work late that night and my friend had come to pick me up and we decided to go on a late night cruise. We had done the same thing on a number of nights before. I think that it is necessary that before I continue any farther that I explain one thing. This area is populated by two military bases. Ft. Lewis and McChord Air force base, or what is now know as Joint Base Lewis McChord. Obviously military flight and aircraft is very common in the area. I don’t know how many reports this organization receives a year from this area, but I imagine that it is a lot. I also want to make it clear that for reasons I am not going to specify, I can’t say why I, along with my man friend, was out driving through the country on this late summer night. I myself am a member of the uniformed service. We were parked on a side road with very few houses around. We had frequented the area a number of times before. Nothing out of the unusual had ever been acknowledged. While we did experience low flying aircraft, I was always able to identify the type of craft. I think that is why we didn’t notice what happened next until it was almost right in our face. The noise might have been apparent for a minute or two before we noticed it, but I don’t think so. It was not the usual sound of airplane engines or turbulence from low flying helicopters. It was unlike anything I have ever heard as far as aircraft is concerned. It wasn’t exactly so peculiar that it would send up a flag of suspicion right away. Maybe, in the background of the low playing radio and conversation it wouldn’t have been noticed. My mind certainly wasn’t preoccupied with extraterrestrial objects at that particular moment. The sound was definitely the first thing that stopped us in our tracks. It was like a low, vibrating humming sound that you could almost feel, just as much as hear. We both noticed it at the same instant, and as we looked at each other with curiosity and alarm, the first craft came into vision. I don’t want to say that it was a light because, it wasn’t exactly a light. It was more of a glow. A deep fluorescent, greenish glow. I say greenish because it was almost like a color that I had never really seen before. The light didn’t appear to come from a front, side or back engine source. It radiated from the entire circular craft. In an even distribution, it just glowed. It couldn’t have been more than 1000-1200 feet above us. It was moving at a constant slow speed, probably less than 100 miles an hour. I remember that the light didn’t illuminate the area around us. That was part of what was so goddamn strange about it. This might not make sense but, the light was an intense, ! localized glow. It did provide some illumination on the ground but, not as much as I would have expected. As it continued to move in front of our position we then noticed a second craft approximately two hundred meters behind the first. The glow from the crafts didn’t provide enough light to get a detailed view of any other features that the craft may have had. There was no overlapping shine. They simply looked circular, but not quite a circle. What happened next was what caused us to get the hell out of the area as quickly as possible. With no warning, and no sound of an engine of power source gearing up, both crafts quickly intensified illumination and then elevated their speed to a level that I can’t even begin to estimate. As quickly as they came, they disappeared. The next few minutes were mostly a blur. I remember getting back on the main highway and gassing it as fast as I could back into Spanaway. Most of our dialogue was attributed to a few words of astonishment and vulgarity. It was several minutes before we started rationally talking about what had happened. Needless to say that sleep didn’t come that night. As we calmed our nerves and discussed what had happened, my partner came to the realization that we should keep the events to ourselves. I thought that was crazy, especially because I know others must have seen the same thing. I write this report now more than a month since the event occurred. I have started the report several times and decided not to send it. I scanned your report data base and didn’t see anything else in regards to this event. I write it now with the hopes that someone else has reported it and it just has not been posted. If this is the case, then you will know that this is not a hoax. If you choose to contact me for further details, I ask that you respect my motives for trying to keep this somewhat confidential as far as names are concerned. Thanks for taking the time to read my encounter, and if there is anything else you could tell me, it would be greatly appreciated.;47.0773;-122.3921
