I was called by a friend on the phone who said she and her husband had just seen a bright light moving silently and speedily across the;1999-05-15 22:30:00;1-2 minutes;I was called by a friend on the phone who said she and her husband had just seen a bright light moving silently and speedily across the sky, changing directions. I went outside to look and within a few minutes saw a light move from points east to points south, almost the entire field of view. It then made a sudden 45 degree turn and cut straight across the sky, passing directly overhead and continuing until it was out of my field of view. It appeared to be very high in the sky. The object appeared to be a steady, white light,moved without making a sound. It was a very clear night. I thought perhaps it was a plane, shooting star, or even a satelite, but was convinced otherwise when it made its sharp 45 degree turn with no reduction in speed. Speaking of speed, it remained constant the whole time, taking about 45 seconds to go from my far left to my far right, then about another minute after it made its turn. I am 31 yrs old, married with kids, and studying to be an accountant.;43.5962;-71.19
our house faces a strand of large pine trees...my mother was sitting on the right had side of our living room i was sitting  across the;2004-01-31 19:00:00;appx 10 min;our house faces a strand of large pine trees...my mother was sitting on the right had side of our living room i was sitting  across the room from her with a window to my left...she yelled look at that light...i just had to turn slightly to look out the window...about halfway down (for lack of a better description) the trees was a large bright red light rather oval..it was just floating down...i had time to leave the living room to go to a bedroom to the right of the living room to look at another angle...and the light was still just floating down..we both then went back to the living room and opened the front door...i had turned the volume off the tv...about a mile straight thru the trees is a rather good size lake and it looked like the light was landing there...if it had been a plane in distress we would have heard something...the light finally disappeared from sight...like it had landed...after debating what to do...i did call the local police just in case it was  a small plane in distress landing on the frozen lake...about 30 minutes later an officer did come to the house to take a statement...he asked me if i had ever seen shooting stars...etc...which of course i have when he asked me to approximate the size i told him from where i stood it was the size of his cruiser...he raised his eyebrows and said if it was a meteorite and it had hit someone would have heard it...the dispatcher had called the bangor me int'l airport and the manchester nh airport to see if any small planes had disappeared from radar...over the years we have seen strange lights in the sky this time of year...but never so vivid and such a bright red...;43.5962;-71.19
Two orbs saw in the sky.;2015-11-15 22:00:00;3 minutes;Two orbs saw in the sky. I saw two lights in the nighttime sky.  One was orange and one was blue. I do know that by law, no aircraft can have those colors.  The lights looked like a “blob” and were large.  They both hovered motionless for one min and then the orange light went north and the blue light went east at an almost supersonic speed.;43.5962;-71.19
