Strobing Craft in Goodrich;2010-11-28 23:30:00;5 minutes;Strobing Craft in Goodrich This is a sister report for another one from Michigan. The other report is listed for this same date in the city of Troy, MI. Despite being the same date, this is an entirely different siting, occurring just a matter of hours later. Just before 11:30pm I was traveling southbound on M15 between the towns of Goodrich and Ortonville. This area is lightly populated with farms and wooded lots covering most of the land. There is not a lot of ambient light in the area, and the sky can often be seen quite clearly. The weather was quite overcast at the time and a solid cloud ceiling was sitting relatively low in the atmosphere. I was traveling around 45mph and  crested a low hill. As I did so a small community (sub-division) of houses came up on the right. From the road one could see out to the west, over the tops of the houses to the tree line beyond them. This tree line was approximately 1/4 mile away from where I was driving. Just as the sub-division approached on my right, I glanced out to the west, over the afore-mentioned tree line. It was then that I noticed the second odd object of this evening. I saw what then appeared to be a pair of small strobe lights, much like the type that one could purchase in a toy store for home use. These lights were flying very low above the tree line, in the same direction i was going. The craft was moving in a very swift and almost fluttering manner. These lights looked quite small, and seemed to be just inches apart. These strobe lights were pulsing very fast, as if the home type of strobe light were turned all of the way up. Instead of being white, these lights had a blue cast. At no point did i hear any noise from the object. I immediately turned into the sub-division and sped to the back of the houses. I reached the back of the sub-division and grabbed my binoculars. I then jumped from my vehicle and ran to the back yard of a home. These actions took a matter of seconds. From this backyard a huge swamp-valley stretched away for miles, visibility was uninterrupted. To my surprise the light was now an incredible distance away, much further than any plane would be. It was still very low, below the clouds. I was able to ascertain that the object had actually stopped moving. It was stopped below the clouds, hovering in the glow of a distant city. From what I could tell, the craft was just sitting over the center of a far off small town. I later determined this city to be Clarkston, several miles away. I looked through my binoculars and focused on the object. Through the binoculars the light actually looked like a single thin, long light, like a bar of light. It was clearly quite blue and still strobing very quickly. I could not see any detail of the craft to which this light source was connected. After about two minutes I saw the object move away, continuing on it's original southerly course. It vanished over the horizon. On this evening I was witness to two somewhat dramatic sightings only hours apart. I cannot determine if they are related, though they were in relatively close proximity to each other. As stated in the other report, I am a student holding multiple degrees. Before this night I have not seen anything I could classify as a UFO. I am quite sane and not influenced by drugs or alcohol.;42.915;-83.4861
