HBCCUFO CANADIAN REPORT:  Disk shaped object.;2004-01-01 15:30:00;several minutes;Disk shaped object. Brian,  The event happened on Jan. 1st 2004 at or around 3:30 PM EST. My family and I (wife, daughter age 5, son age 2 almost 3) were on our way home from lunch and shopping. We had turned off of I985 onto Spout Springs Road (heading east) and I guess we were around 1.5 to 2 miles from the Interstate when my wife said what is that?.  It appeared to be several hundred feet up and my first thought was that it was a child's balloon--one of those reflective foil-like ones but the sun's reflection from the object was so bright and the objects surface appeared to be so smooth (like finely polished silver) that I got real curious. Also, though it was hard to tell, my wife and I both got the impression that the object was 4 to 6 feet in diameter.  We passed the object by and turned around and came back. We actually turned into a side street to get closer and parked. From this vantage point we could clearly see it (not trying to drive and look). The object was moving slowing away from us (like the wind was blowing it though there was no wind at ground level) and it was moving on its axis. This is hard to explain...it would flip and roll sort of like it was tumbling but not consistently in any given direction. From this movement we could make out that the object was an almost flat disc.  When it would roll to its thin side it looked black and there was no reflection.  When it would roll and reveal its flat side it would appear to be silver and the sun's reflection was strong. It looked like polished silver in the sun. Also, in the middle of the object was a red color--a circle--my wife said it looked like a big silver button in the sky with a red dot in the middle. This middle dot area did not reflect the sun like the rest of the area around it.  Also, I might ad that when looking at the flat side of the object, I mentioned before how it was smooth and silver...but it also looked solid. I mean it did not look like something filled with helium. I understand that in this we could have been mistaken but to us it honestly looked 'hard'. That along with the way it was moving on its axis (tumbling) made the object 'not fit'--what I am trying to say is that it is unexplainable to my wife and I.  We observed it for several minutes as it was moving westward away from us (I am assuming it was West because it was heading back towards the Interstate). I decided to try and drive to another subdivision off of Spout Springs road to see if we could get under it. My wife was looking at it as we were driving away, she turned away and when she turned back, it was gone. It's gone she said. I looked all over the sky and it was just gone. This was the most baffling part to us. Our eyes were off of it only for a few seconds.  Another odd thing...When we first saw the object, it appeared to be moving to the north-east. When we were at the place we stopped to watch, it was clearly moving more westward (which from the pace we had stopped was directly away from us).  Afterwards, I asked my 5 year old daughter what she thought it was, she said that it was a CD (Compact Disc).  As far as she is concerned that is exactly what it was (a 4 foot wide, floating Compact Disc).  As far as witnesses, there was light traffic moving along the road. Also, right across the street from the area we parked was two men walking up and down the side of the road looking looking as if they were looking for something on the road side that had fallen out of their vehicle. Neither of these people seemed to be looking at the object as their attention seemed to be on finding something in the ditch. There may have been trees in the way that obstructed the view for these guys.  The area that this happened in is filled with thousands of homes from closely packed subdivisions. Someone else had to have seen it. There is just too many people living in this area for us to have been the only ones.  To conclude...I do not buy the aliens from another world bit. However, I can't account for the object we saw. It appeared to literally defy the law of gravity. If this was a hoax or some strange toy some kid got for Christmas, the joke is really on us.  Thank you to the witness for their report.  Brian Vike, Director HBCC UFO Research Canadian Toll Free UFO Hotline 1 866 262 1989 - Free call. Home - Phone/Fax 1 250 845 2189 HBCC UFO Forum Board http://216.147.50.102/HBCC-UFO/index.php;34.1794;-83.9016000000001
Classified Report  From Code Name: PITD;2006-09-26 03:00:00;7:00;Classified Report  From Code Name: PITD I was in back yard and looked into sky and saw a small steady light it was hard to see.So I got my movie camera and zoomed in on the object.The Objest was clear and visible to the eye.This object was a mile big and american jets where flying by.For my safety i can not say anymore.I have to hours of footage very visible footage.I have shown this video to one person and hes a former veteran.  From Code Name: PITD;34.1794;-83.9016000000001
