Three lights moving quickly over north Georgia;2009-01-22 19:20:00;10 minutes;Three lights moving quickly over north Georgia There are two witnesses, identified as witness 1 and witness 2.   Witness 1: Driving home from work around 7:20 PM, I saw what I thought was a large airplane, however the lights were different from normal. I do not know how far above my car the object was. I would estimate about the normal height of airplanes, going a bit faster than normal airplanes. The object appeared to have a large rectangular wing unit with lights (blue and white) that flashed from the inside to the outside of the wings in a parallel pattern.  I kept looking at that object as much as I could (I was driving), and then I saw another set of lights, much smaller. These were flashing red and white and moving extremely quickly at what appeared to be a very high altitude.  I used my cellular phone to call witness 2 at my house to tell him to go outside quickly and see the lights. Our house is in a valley, and by the time I got home and he got outside, the bigger object (with the white and blue lights) had gotten over our house and beyond the tree line. However, we could still see the smaller ones. They moved very quickly over our roofline and out of sight. I did not see anything more that was unusual after that.  The time span was about 15 minutes.   Witness 2: When I took the call I was upstairs in our home.  I headed downstairs and out the front door to see her driving down the driveway.  I could tell she had seen something unusual.  She pointed out the first object though it was just entering the tree line to the rear of our home and that of next door.  Nothing unusual to me as this can be a corridor for landing patterns at ATL.  However, the smaller object she then pointed out was moving rapidly, with a flashing I had not seen in commercial craft. About the time (and this will sound corny) it traveled under the constellation Orion, another smaller light appeared right behind.  It, too, began traveling at a speed I have not seen the commercial craft do.  I also could not hear any echo of jet or other propulsion noise from aircraft.  Normally, we would hear a faint engine sound.  It should be noted I did not hear this as the larger craft went by, either.  These two smaller lights were out of sight in less than 90 seconds. The one in the rear that had ‘appeared’ was traveling, using line of sight and my hand for scale, approximately three inches behind the other.  I t seemed as though these were extremely high in altitude, higher than commercial craft.;34.1794;-83.9016000000001
Loud, constant sound from unidentified source.;2012-02-11 21:00:00;3-4 minutes;Loud, constant sound from unidentified source. I could not see anything but there was an extremely loud, continuous sound that changed slightly in tone, over the 3-4 minutes it was audible.   It gradually diminished in volume as if the object creating it was moving away until it was no longer audible.  I am sure it was not a train whistle nor the warning siren at our nearby fire station.  It did not sound at all like a truck or a vehicle horn.  I've also never heard a car alarm that sounded similar.   I recorded about the last 2 minutes of it on my phone.  My daughter also heard it.;34.1794;-83.9016000000001
