The lght broke into 3 lights and dove into the earth;2000-09-19 19:30:00;12 seconds;The lght broke into 3 lights and dove into the earth My husband and I were in our car traveling on a new expanse of highway that exits off I65 out of Louisville, KY to Radcliff, Ky.  It was at night and the road was deserted except for two other cars.  The sighting was before a new Space Challenger Center built in Radcliff and in the vicinity of Ft. Knox.  A huge bright light appeared in the sky and headed straight for us.  We thought it was a plane in touble and was going to land on the highway.  We were totally freaked out.  Then it broke apart into three huge lights, in a formation and dove into a wooded area.  We saw no craft or heard no sound.  It disappeared at the base of a small hill in a densely wooded area.  The whole thing happened so fast and was so strange and, with it's location so close to Ft. knox, that we decided that it had to be something connected with the military and dismissed it.  In fact, we have not mentioned it to anyone except one of our childen.  And even then it was not the night of the sighting but some time later that I reluctantly told him....in a kind of...this s wierd and probably has a logical explanation...kind of way. I recently decided that I should report this...we DID see something and it was an unidentifiable flying object....maybe you (?) can make some sense of this.;37.824;-85.9375
Well, I turned around to go inside the house and this big white light with a flashing white dim haze on the outer part, just fell so fa;2019-11-07 01:00:00;5 seconds;Well, I turned around to go inside the house and this big white light with a flashing white dim haze on the outer part, just fell so fast from the sky.  When I first saw it, it was a normal small ball of light until it came closer, the appearance enlarged.  It seemed like such a coincidence, when I stopped walking, it stopped falling.  Then it flew very fast to the opposite direction of me.  My cousin ran from the road to tell me he saw the same exact thing in a matter of seconds.  Everything about this UFO was completely white and seemed in such a hurry because of the amount of speed.  I would say it was about 3 or 4ft in diameter.  There was only one of them and this happened at 1 AM.  There were no clouds in the sky during this time.  Everything was just black. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corrected the date above, based on a telephone conversation with the witness.  PD));37.824;-85.9375
