MYSTERIOUS LIGHTS IN THE TEXAS SKY.;2008-10-11 20:30:00;15 Minutes;MYSTERIOUS LIGHTS IN THE TEXAS SKY I was traveling home after the UT/OU football game from Dallas, TX to Houston, TX southbound on I-45 (I estimate somewhere between Centerville and Madisonville, TX)on the night of October 11th.  It was well after dark between 8:00 and 9:00 PM.  As I was driving, I observed (at about the eleven-o’clock position on the horizon as I peered out the driver-side windshield) what looked like a very bright and low-hanging star.  It was positioned curiously and directly above a cellular tower.  It was much higher in the sky than the top of the tower, but what I remember was how directly above the tower that it was placed.  I began to watch it more closely.  It grabbed my attention, and I began to sense that it was just a little bit too large to be a star.  I observed this light for approximately 2-5 minutes, and it seemed to drift higher (not obviously noticeably) into the sky as I drove closer to the tower and I eventually passed the tower.  And then, as I was looking directly above at the light, it just blinked out and disappeared.  This was VERY unusual to me, and left me talking to myself in disbelief.  After I saw that, I said to myself that for the first time in my life, I had really seen a UFO.  A very short time after this event, I noticed another light which appeared larger and lower to the horizon, and it was located directly to my right, out through the passenger window of my pickup.  I had an even stranger sense that it was something not normal due to its size and location.  It was like it just appeared out of nowhere.  It also appeared like a giant star, and much too close to the horizon to be so, and gave me a weird feeling—like it was menacing.  A short time later, while still watching the light to my right, I could see two or three lights up in the two-o’clock position (through the passenger side upper corner of the windshield) and these were much higher than the one on my right.  At this time, it became too dangerous to try and drive and look at all of these lights, so I pulled over to a well-light service station and got out of my vehicle to try and take some photos with my blackberry (which were inconclusive—lights too small and too far away.)  By this time (approximately 15-minutes since I first saw the light over the cell tower) the largest light to my right had gone away, and I was observing the 2 of 3 remaining lights high above from outside my truck.  One started blinking and moved off, almost like the speed and distance of a satellite.  I saw nothing else similar to these lights for the rest of my drive home, and arrived in Houston on time around 10:00 pm that Saturday night.;31.2684;-95.9215
