Larger oval extreme-bright object moving downward then dissappeared into sky;2004-01-10 21:30:00;5 min.;Larger oval extreme-bright object moving downward then dissappeared into sky Oval extreme-bright object noticed in sky while driving down road.  At first thought it was a planet but quickly noticed the downward movement.  Object began to get closer, larger, and brighter the more I drove.  Soon object was in a still motion above trees.  Then went straight up into the sky (when I turned the curve).  With in seconds the object was out of eyes veiw.   Best describtion would be as bright as the arch off of something you might be weilding and as large as a small house or builing.;35.4557;-84.6026
Amazing bright light that slowly moved a crossed the sky stopped then went back the way it came.;2012-06-24 04:30:00;1 minute;Amazing bright light that slowly moved a crossed the sky stopped then went back the way it came. i went outside to give my girlfriend a call and smoke a cig,i was sitting facing the north and out the corner of my eye i see what i thought was a star.i thought wow that thing is bright almost thought to my self what light is that as many i havent seen it there before...it was in the eastern sky mid level not moving i seen it there for about 15 secs i would say with little to no movement then it started to move up the sky towards the top at the point when it started to move within about 5 secs it got dim too what looked like a dim star when and had what looked like a blowing up star as it flicker but not the red blue as you see when looking at them,when it got almost to the top it stopped at this point i kicked my door open to yell to my dad get out here theres something in the sky,made sure i kept my eye on it,then still watching it stopped a few degrees from the top it made a 180 not a turn but a full stop,then went down but not in the same line that it c! ame on went back down almost to where i first laid eyes on it the went towards the south this is where my dad came out to try and see it but he couldnt make out where it was but i could still see it as it became more and more dim it faded away as it got farther...i saw something else after i got off the phone from calling and making the report on the phone line i saw some thing come from the north and go toward the south but no bright light was saw with this so it could of been a satellite which i have seen before and i know they also can get bright and certain points in the sky....i don't know i never seen what i saw it brought chills to my arms thank you would like to talk to you over the phone this thing was something else;35.4557;-84.6026
Oval shaped, bright lights, brighter then street lights, disappeared as fast as appeared.;2014-01-27 00:02:00;45 seconds;oval shaped, bright lights, brighter then street lights, disappeared as fast as appeared. I went outside to smoke before I went to bed.  I sat down in my chair and was playing on my phone.  I then saw a weird light shining brighter then the street lights.  I looked up and there was oval shaped object about 30 or 40 ft.  Above my home, more so over the street then my home.  It was huge, maybe 60ft. in diameter.  It had lights around the edges of it and a larger, brighter light in the center of it.  It  stayed there for a few seconds and then was gone just as quick as it appeared.  When I came back inside, my lights were flickering and my TV was off completely and it was on when I went outside;35.4557;-84.6026
