Light gray diamond- fighter jet style object flying over head at high speed in clear sky about 1 second to cross the sky.;2003-01-16 12:00:00;flash;Light gray diamond- fighter jet style object flying over head at high speed in clear sky about 1 second to cross the sky. During a day ice fishing a few winters back, I was standing around talking with a few friends.  It was clear blue and was facing the south on the middle of Rocky Pond.  There was snow covering the pond and ground surrounding the pond.   As I had been watching planes fly over at there usual flying altitude (30,000ft+) all day, I gazed up to look for some more planes.   At I would estimate 15,000-20,000ft I noticed an object which I quickly thought as a plane due to its shape.  But the speed which this object was moving there was no way it was a plane.  At this distance it would have taken at least 30 seconds to watch a plane fly over and this object flew over from east to west in the southern sky in about 1 second.  I caught the glimpse of it after it was half way over the sky.  It was a diamond-jet shape but much bigger maybe scaled up to about 5 fighter jets.  It was a light gray to silver color but could not get a good idea of any other colors due to the speed it was traveling.  The object was seen by at least one other friend maybe two.;42.344;-71.7379
Myself and my girfriend had just arrived home from working (both lawyers) and were pulling in the garage when I notice a top or diamond;2019-03-16 21:00:00;20 minutes;Myself and my girfriend had just arrived home from working (both lawyers) and were pulling in the garage when I notice a top or diamond shape object motionless in the night sky.  Eye it was my foggy vision or the object seemed be surrounded by an aura or fog..it didn't have clearly defined edges..it looked fuzzy.  All around it appeared to be lighteming type veins of different colors flash randomly..red, green blue,in lightening fashion.  It was dead silent as it hoover in one spot for a long time before slowly drafting in a southwest direct but stayed in our field of view.  After about, we notice two fast moving lights with jet like sound coming from east by northest direction which is the direction of a U.S. airforce base..when I looked back in the direction of the object, it was gone...jets came streaking by right where the object was before disappearing. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report does not indicate date of alleged sighting, so we have assigned an arbitrary date, until we hear back for the witness.  PD));42.344;-71.7379
