White orb of light moving across sky, makes sudden 90' turn.;2015-03-01 02:30:00;1 minute;White orb of light moving across sky, makes sudden 90' turn. At 2:30 am, I went out to the driveway to start my car.  I saw a light in the sky that I thought might be a helicopter with a spotlight facing in my direction.  It looked like a white orb of light with beams extending out of it, similar to a star but much larger. About the size of a dime at arms length. Its position in the sky was where I sometimes see the life flight helicopter.  It was moving across the sky at a similar speed to a helicopter but was also gaining altitude.  The brightness of the light decreased as it got higher. The suburban neighborhood was completely noiseless at this late hour, no traffic and no wind.  It was very cold out, around 18 degrees.  The light never made any noises at all.  I often sky watch to look at stars and whenever I see any type of aircraft, no matter how high I can always hear the engine noises clearly.  This light was 100% silent. The movement of the light was a bit strange, almost jerky and I thought I could see a small green light on the top. The light moved behind a group of several trees trees at one point and then came out the other side. I could still see it a little between the branches. After it cleared the trees and continued going up and forward the light arrived at the spot in the sky that was exactly parallel to the direction I was facing.  At that point it suddenly stopped and immediately made a 90 degree turn.  So now the light was on a path that would fly directly over my head.  I think it might have slowed a little first before turning, just for a fraction of a second, but it basically just turned on a dime.  No arc or obvious slowdown, it just happened really fast. At this time the light was smaller and was comparable to venus on a very clear night (except that it was moving). The quietness of the surroundings and having this strange silent light suddenly turn in my direction caused me concern.  I know this is probably coincidence and not likely, but in my mind it felt like whatever it was saw me and turned to check me out.  I realize there may be a rational explanation for this sighting but at the time I was feeling too exposed standing in the middle of a large parking lot and had to say see ya, and turned and ran inside. A few minutes later I looked around and saw no more lights. Could that have been a drone??  I am early 40's, music teacher and into science. Mostly physics and cosmology. Am into some metaphysics and ufology but try to balance it by also following the skeptic scene.  NEVER expected to see something unusual in the sky! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date indicated above is approximate.  PD));42.344;-71.7379
