While driving home in Bloomington, we turned westbound on Jurupa from Locust Ave.  I noticed a green light in the sky directly in front;2006-11-04 21:20:00;3 seconds;While driving home in Bloomington, we turned westbound on Jurupa from Locust Ave.  I noticed a green light in the sky directly in front of us in the sky.  At first I assumed that it was a plane since I only seen it at a glance and since Ontario Airport is so nearby.  Figured I seen the plane as it was turning and only seen the green and not the red lights to signify port and starboard.  After a brief 1-1.5 seconds the light moved westbound in a quick motion leaving behind a bright green streak of light.  This speed was too fast to be a plane, jet or helicopter.  First assumption than was a shooting star however the fact that it was stationary when first seen and green leads my wife and I to assume it was something else.  Please post any comments if there were other witnesses.  I have seen number shooting stars in the past all were white to a yellowish color this was solid green and the streak left behind was very wide more like a strip.;34.0662;-117.3993
Larger craft dropping off smaller crafts that lingered for over 5 hours.;2010-03-26 00:00:00;5 hours;Larger craft dropping off smaller crafts that lingered for over 5 hours. I first saw a strange light in the sky that very much looked like an approaching helicopter.  It caught my attention because it was orange, where usual helicopters have a white glow.  I stared at it for a few seconds and then it started dropping smaller white lights, and my first reaction was that it was dropping bombs.  I didnt think it was a UFO at this point, I thought it was an army helicopter or other army aircraft.  I left my room to go get my moms camera and returned with her and the camera only to find that the mysterious orange light was gone.  I looked throughout all the windows in the house, it was nowhere in sight.  I thought about it and brushed it off as a helicopter dropping flares because it was the only logical explanation I could come up with.  This was at approximately midnight on March 27, 2010. About an hour later, I woke up and my window was still open.  It was then I saw that the smaller crafts that were dropped were all clustered and flying around in unusual patterns in the North West sky out of my window.  I looked at them for four hours and couldn't figure it out.  I'm positive that they were what came out of the orange glowing craft.  They would fly diagonally, horizontally, vertically, and make turns that couldn't possibly be made by any aircraft here on Earth.  I seen them appear from point A to point B.  There was no trace of light as they flew because it was so fast.  They, like the orange UFO, were silent.  I watched them from 1:00 AM to about 5:00 AM then I thought I had enough and shut the blinds and tried to sleep.  I didn't see when, or if, they left, but I did hear a loud and unusually low jet fly by a little before sunset that woke me up.  I checked, and didn't see them anymore after that. The orange UFO was high in the open sky, and the white smaller ones were unusually lower than the mountain range that is outside my window.  Both the crafts looked like simple circular lights.  It was an extremely windy night so the sky was clear. I don't see how I could be the only one to see this, I'm sure others seen it as well.  It lasted for hours.  My moms camera and my phone couldn't focus on the objects, so no pictures came out that would show anything.;34.0662;-117.3993
7 red lights in a V formation;2020-06-24 21:40:00;2 minutes;7 red lights in a V formation There were 7 red light in a “V” formation. They suddenly appeared and did not move for a few seconds. When I pointed them out they started to shift.  It was like if I was looking at a screen and they went to the bottom right corner but it was a very slow shift.  The lights weren’t over head they were in the air but it was like facing me.  I was in my front yard and across the street from me is a palm tree nursery/farm so when they moved to the corner I had to get closer to look at where they went and they just kinda faded out.;34.0662;-117.3993
