2 or more UFO's on video at sunrise;2011-12-16 06:00:00;4 minutes;2 or more UFO's on video at sunrise The security camera in the driveway recorded what appear to be at least 2 or more unidentified flying objects.  It was an especially windy morning and the sun was just rising. About the camera: The camera self-adjusts to color from night to day.  The camera is a Sony PTZ but I couldn’t zoom in any farther as the camera is in a fixed location I can only zoom to the center of that view.  The camera is facing east.  I can only save whole minutes of video to the Lorex HD/system.  Sorry for the long wait before it actually starts. The UFO’s seem to be coming in straight towards the camera, which is facing east, and also recede in the same direction from whence it/they came.  From the video it seems that first there is one UFO and then another just pops into view at 06:01:52. There may be more than 2 objects.  It’s really difficult to tell as the wind keeps blowing the tree branches which partly obscure the view towards the end.  I don’t believe these objects to be planets. So, basically UFO appears from the east and then another UFO slowly comes into the view just to the left of the first one.  Then the first one is not really visible when a UFO suddenly pops into view again just to the left of the second one.  Then possibly the first and second one merges.  It's hard to tell if one is just behind the other or if it has merged with it instead or left altogether.  All then seem to come a bit closer before finally receding in the same direction that it/they came from. There is an airport, Ontario International (ONT), in nearby Ontario but the flight airways are more to the right/south coming in over Riverside.  Also, airplanes don't stay in one place as these objects did.  While helicopters can hover in place these objects do not fit the shape and made no sound.  At any rate I didn't notice any red or green lights that aircraft are required to have. I'm above average intelligence and not prone to making things up.  The video is 128mb avi file format.;34.0662;-117.3993
