A saucer shape UFO was seen outside of my friends house, flying in all different directions that no plane can fly, and lasted 3 hrs.;2012-10-24 22:00:00;3 hours;A saucer shape UFO was seen outside of my friends house, flying in all different directions that no plane can fly, and lasted 3 hrs. Around 10 pm Thursday night, on October 24 2012, my friend and I were standing outside of his house talking.  All of a sudden, my friend said “Look at that UFO!” I of course laughed thinking he was joking and I looked up in the sky, Northwest of where we were standing.  That’s the direction he was pointing from where we were.  There was a figure, that seemed saucer shaped (it was hard to make it all out because of the clouds) and it was flying, back and forth, up and down, sideways, and even went in circles and upside down. It had no particular pattern to it.  It was a self-illuminating object, and it had a green tint around it.  The object seemed rather large and pretty low to the ground. It rose not too many miles above the trees, from what it appeared.  It wasn’t extremely high, but it wasn’t much higher than a low plane coming closer to the ground to land.  It seemed much larger than any airplane probably five to ten times bigger. I couldn’t keep my eyes off o! f what we were seeing. The way it was flying was unlike anything we had ever seen. The color of the glow made it even weirder. We were baffled. There was no way it was a plane, helicopter, or anything like that. It wasn’t a shooting star or comet. It wasn’t a light shining from anywhere either. This lasted at least 3 hours that I am aware of. I watched it off and on for about an hour. I’d come outside every few minutes, and it was still in the same area, flying around pretty fast. We left his house to go somewhere. I got him back home close to 1am. The object was still flying around in the same big area! It remained in a pretty clouded area as well. No one else was outside this late at night, except cars passing down Rainbow Lake rd. So we had no one else to go tell.;35.0535;-82.0581999999998
