I witnessed a UFO while night riding in the woods on my mountainbike.;2004-04-12 20:00:00;20 minutes;I witnessed a UFO while night riding in the woods on my mountainbike. On Easter Saturday, April 12th, 2004, at about 8pm, I was bike riding on the Greenbelt Trail with my boyfriend. We parked at the trailhead on Jericho Turnpike in Woodbury and rode south on thte trail. After riding for a short bit on Sunnyside Blvd, we went back into the woods. In that next section there are two hills and valleys. On top of the first hill we turned off our helmet lights and were catching our breth when I looked into the sky toward the west.. What is that? I asked.  It was a square flying object surrounded by lights and was flying away from us.  I shrugged it off, it was pretty far away, so I forgot about it, turned my lights back on and road down into  the next valley.  As we as we got up onto the next hill and turned our lights off, I looked to the south and saw the same flying object as before, but this time it was flying towards us.  It was square or rectangle, had lights all around the edge and was silent.  We were on a hill and the flying object appeared to be flying pretty low.  It was coming right towards us but turned 90 degrees on a dime and headed west, the same as the other ship we saw earlier. Right then any doubt I had as to what it was vanished.  I knew it was a UFO.  Planes are not silent and don't make right angle turns. I noticed something else odd about that night.  During other night rides on this trail the wildlife would be abundant with birds, squirrels, raccoons, opossums etc.  But on this night the woods was eerily quiet, before and after the UFO sighting.  Being filled with fear didn't stop me from continuing my ride that night, but it did interfere with future night rides.  I found many reasons to not go night riding after that.  My boyfriend wanted to believe the object we saw was just a plane.  He acknowledged it once or twice as a UFO, but then has been steadfast in his denial ever since.  I know was I saw.  It was a UFO. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.7746;-73.4761
I just saw four lights in the sky in plain view.  They made a perfect square and hovered above my car, and stayed in the same spot.;2015-07-04 19:40:00;A few minutes;I just saw four lights in the sky in plain view they made a perfect square and hovered above my car and stayed in the same spot for like 4 minutes.  Then hovered off, the The lights where 2 red and 2 white and did not blink.  It was high up and fire works where popping but I heard a hum as well;40.7746;-73.4761
