Black object with no discernable shape appeared North of Palm Beach International Airport at 1500 - 3000 ft. for five minutes.;1999-07-22 19:30:00;5 Minutes;Black object with no discernable shape appeared North of Palm Beach International Airport at 1500 - 3000 ft. for five minutes. Employees at Jet Aviation Palm Beach at West Palm Beach International Airport (PBI) noticed an object which appeared directly North of the airport.  The object was dark or black and appeared to change shape from a sphere and a long thin body and hovered at about 1500 - 3000 ft.  For obout five minutes the six witnesses failed to identify the object with standard binoculars. The tower at PBI was contacted and they reported no strange sightings and were unaware of any aircraft activity in that area. After 5 min. the object was lost in the clouds and never resighted.;26.7047117455139;-80.1012420880908
Six people see an object change from glowing red to blinking aircraft to flaming blue meteor.;2009-03-06 22:53:00;About 2 min;Six people see an object change from glowing red to blinking aircraft to flaming blue meteor. Three of us were at the house and the other four of us were in driving to Publix. I was in the back seat of the car and I saw it first (on the right side of the road). It was a glowing red star with a curved glowing red tail. It looked stationary to me. I thought it was a neon sign or a reflection of one in the window. I don’t live there so I thought it could be something explainable. I stared at it for about 3 seconds before asking my friends if they could see the thing I was seeing. When they looked at it, the object began to move. The star in the front got smaller and the tail became straight and skinny (still glowing red). Next, the object begins to turn and the red glow went out. It was dark out so we couldn’t see the object’s shape but we could see its lights. It had a big light at the front that looked like a dull glow to me. It could have been the glow from being heated. It also had a light at the end. It was a very small flashing red light. That’s when we realized that this is a UFO. The object was long and skinny judging by the placement of the lights. The object continues flying with the appearance of an elongated aircraft for about 5 seconds. (It’s now on the left side of the road and had made a complete U-turn.)  Then, the object begins to light up again. It gets brighter and brighter and becomes engulfed in blue flames. It looks like a meteor now. It was still moving slowly. It appears as a slowly falling meteor for a little over 5 seconds before all lights go out and the object disappears completely. Three people observed it while in the car. The driver only caught a glimpse of it. We are all college students from the ages of 18-20. I can’t speak for the three people who saw it at the house, but they had a completely clear view of the object. They were sitting outside around a fire when they saw it.;26.7047117455139;-80.1012420880908
Two objects over West Palm Beach Florida.  One changed shape and both disappeared;2009-11-02 09:00:00;20 minutes;Two objects over West Palm Beach Florida. One changed shape and both disappeared Approximately 9am 11/2/2009 I received a call from two of my workers on a job site claiming they saw two UFO's. They asked if I could see them from where I was. Not able to locate the UFO's I drove about 10 minutes to their location where I saw my two workers and about a dozen residents of the location on the 2nd floor of a high rise condo looking up. They described two objects, one bright red the other white, neither one blinking. One sitting still white the other circling. I always carry binoculars with me and was able to locate the two objects they described. The two objects were directly overhead, very high in the sky but their exact height was difficult to determine as there were no clouds, blue sky and no other aircraft in the area to allow proportion. My first thought was that the objects were lost helium balloons but it was unusual that one was motionless and and stationary while the red object seemed to drift away from the white object. After several minutes the red object drifted back toward the white object, follow a semi circle around the white object, drift away then disappear. Convinced these were balloons I left the jobsite, residents still looking skyward, drove about a mile, stopped my truck, called my wife who was about 5 miles from my location to see if she could see the remaining object. Not having a clue as to how large an object this was or how high I figured if she could see it that far away then a) we weren't imagining anything or b) the object obviously had some size to it. After telling her where to look she spotted it also. We both watched for about 15 seconds, her naked eyes and me though my binoculars when the object started getting very bright, change from a spherical shape to a more elongated cigar type shape, get very fuzzy or almost mirage-like then disappear. My wife described exactly what I was viewing through the binoculars. My workers radioed the same exact description. The object,which appeared to be white then silverish blinked, got very bright, dimmed, became elongated then fuzzy then disappeared. I tried to use my camera phone to record it but the objects were too high to get any type of accurate recorded visual. Also tried to place the lens of the camera phone up to the binocular eyepiece, which sometimes works but the objects were too difficult to locate. The entire sighting was about 20 minutes.;26.7047117455139;-80.1012420880908
White/Silver Disc coming from the Atlantic stops in midair to change forms not once, not twice, not thrice, but FOUR TIMES!!;2021-03-16 16:30:00;2 minutes;White/Silver Disc coming from the Atlantic stops in midair to change forms not once, not twice, not thrice, but FOUR TIMES!! On March 16th, 2016, I was taking my car for a test drive after I had the battery jumped due to leaving my hazard lights on at work. All was running smoothly under the hood after a short cruise south on *Flagler Drive (*a waterfront road stretching the length of the intercoastal waterway, on the Atlantic Coast of S.Florida.) As I prepared to make a right turn heading west onto P. Beach Lakes Blvd something bright,shiny, white & INCREDIBLY FAST caught my eye. Driving parallel with the object I could see clearly against a blue, cloudless sky that it was a white or silver disc, heading West, presumably from off the Atlantic Ocean. Realizing what I was seeing, I quickly pulled into a CVS parking lot & parked facing the object. At this EXACT time, the disc stopped completely. Sitting stationary in mid air. Before I could think, blink or click a pic, the object literally & almost instantaneously, changed from a white disc into dark grey/silver disc. It stayed this way for maybe .06 seconds, before dissolving/dissipating into what I can only describe as a smear of dark grey smog/smoke. The smog/smoke had an odd form, horizontal with a slight upward angle, . Before I could think about it at all, it changed/morphed AGAIN. This time into a perfectly white, fluffy, “nothing to see here’” CLOUD. This blazingly fast, white then silver DISC, dissipated into a smear of grey smog (for a split second) then changing one final time into the white cloud.  A seemingly normal, white cloud, that wouldn’t solicit a second glance from anyone.  My excitement & adrenaline was definitely  elevated after this sighting,  due to the fact that my Husband & I FINALLY saw our first UFO (TicTac!) one month before this sighting. Early February 2021, we spotted the white/off-white ‘TicTac’ coming from the East (Atlantic Ocean) heading west, inland. The size, speed & maneuvers were unmistakable to me & convinced my husband, who is an engineer with 15  years of experience of all things-in-motion, that we indeed have some pretty intriguing visitors here is SoFla!;26.7047117455139;-80.1012420880908
