Light formation streaks across Vermont sky;2009-04-20 01:02:00;5 seconds;Light formation streaks across Vermont sky I was out looking for meteors during the Lyrids Meteor shower last night at approximately 1:02 am. There were no clouds in any line of vision. I was on a dark spot on the University of Vermont Campus when suddenly a formation of lights streaked across the sky.  Each individual object looked identical to a faded star and but there were four all together that moved in a somewhat V-Formation.  3 moved in a straight line while one moved to the back left of the leading object, creating the V-shape perception.  The lights remained constant, created no sound nor trail, held a constant shape and the lights were spaced out similar to the stars in O'Ryan's belt.  The cluster of objects came into my vision about 40 degrees west(relative to the horizon) of the big dipper. It then moved liked a shooting star but but was visible for about 4-5 seconds before it vanished in the southwest sky.  I had never seen anything like this before and had been a total skeptic before.   I would love to know if there were any other witnesses or someone who could explain to me what this might have been.;44.4835779816514;-73.2236981651377
It was at 11:17pm when my wife and went for a ride and we were traveling south on I89. We seen three really bright lights brighter than;2020-07-04 23:17:00;30 minutes;It was at 11:17pm when my wife and went for a ride and we were traveling south on I89.  We seen three really bright lights brighter than the full moon and brightest star in the sky flying in formation.  We then noticed that three flying in formation we being followed by many more bright lights to many to count.  However the very front light in the formation shot behind our in the north direction and another took its place in front.  But then the sky got so bright behind us it look as is the sun popped out.  But then that light that disappeared behind was back in front of us and it bright so we pulled over to try and see what it was and it stopped suddenly and meanwhile the formation of lights and its tail of lights were farther in the distance.  Both of us looked in aww and we realized the bright light we were looking at was a craft in the sky and was oval in shape and looked like a giant apartment building hovering in the sky and had other bright lights up the si! de that we could see in different spot throughout the side.  And as we sat on the side of I89 with our hazard lights blinking it seemed like we had been watching for an hour or longer not one vehicle went by on the N or S lanes we noticed that it still hovering above us but it looked like it was farther than it had been.  And all of sudden a bright bright light illuminated the complete bottom side of this craft it shot straight up to the point the bright light on the botton of the craft was a little bigger and brighter than the brightest star in the sky and then moved so fast in the eastern direction it was just flash of light.  When it was all finished it was 27 minutes long but it seem like it was two hours.  The two of us were physically drained and.  I was driving i was so drained that i was falling asleep driving and my wife was asleep five minutes after it disappeared.  We see planes all the time and we see different types of helicopter because we live close to the flight path of a runway at Burlington International Airport and helico! pters fly over on their way to the hospital and the both are very noisy.  This craft was not making any noise and definitely didn't move like any aircraft i know of.  I truly believe we seen ufo's on America's Independence Day;44.4835779816514;-73.2236981651377
