Glowing green triangle going east the time was about ten at night,  I could see a neon green triangl lit  throught the clouds, there wa;2006-04-01 22:05:00;brief;Glowing green triangle going east the time was about ten at night,  I could see a neon green triangl lit  throught the clouds, there was no noise but i got it on my camera phone, it wasn't trying to hide+ when I saw it at first we were in a car, I said what the fuck is that, then got out and everyone else did to, they all saw the same thing that I did the green glowing thing it was there like maybe 4 or 5 min not sure;40.4591;-90.6805
TRIANGULAR CRAFT OVER MACOMB, IL.;2012-12-13 20:45:00;4 minutes;TRIANGULAR CRAFT OVER MACOMB, IL I am a senior in college at Western Illinois University, and while away at school I walked out of my house with my roommates and their boyfriends into our back yard, going to our neighbors house when we saw three orange lights in a triangular formation moving north-east across the night sky.  The lights did not appear to be a man-made craft, nor Chinese lanterns, and there were no aircrafts in the vicinity at the time of the sighting.  The lights moved in unison so quickly that my friends and I had to run to the front yard of your neighbors house to continue to see it.  After 3 minutes, one of the orange lights disappeared, and after a minter longer the lights/UFO was completely out of sight.  Our neighbors, and all of the friends they had at their house, were outside in the front yard witnessing the lights move through the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.4591;-90.6805
3 orange lights in triangle moving in unison then disappearing.;2012-12-13 20:45:00;3 minutes;3 orange lights in triangle moving in unison then disappearing 3 orange lights in a triangular shape, moving fast across the night sky. the speed it moved across the sky was quite rapid, compared to other aircraft's.  each light appeared to be bigger than a star and brighter. no visible aircraft's around the area at the time of the sighting.  it was not a Chinese lantern or man-made lights.  the area between the lights was completely black, i was unable to see through it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.4591;-90.6805
High flying craft moving fast in short bursts, able to make fast corners;2016-07-17 01:00:00;1 hour+;High flying craft moving fast in short bursts, able to make fast corners What I saw happened during the Leonids Perseid shower.  I wish I had written this down after the event but I am only now writing anything about 2 months later. I wanted to go see the meteor shower and I convinced a friend to brave the IL cold of November with me and watch the sky.  I know it is best to watch the showers late night/early morning and away from city lights.  I decided to drive to Spring Lake Park outside of Macomb.  I believe what my friend and I witnessed happened around 1-2AM. The sky was partly cloudy which mostly foiled our plans of meteor watching.  Anyway, as I was staring up I saw something move.  It was no meteor and I don’t think satellites move the way this thing was.  I told my friend I saw something strange and tried to get her to see it, which she did.  We ended up watching this thing for about 45 minutes. But enough stage setting, this is what I saw:  It was bright and triangular shaped.  It was high up in the sky, higher than planes fly.  It moved way faster than a plane.  But the strange thing is it moved in short bursts.  When it made turns, these turns were almost immediate and in 90 degrees.  It also didn’t move across the whole sky, just in the same area of space as if testing out its speed and maneuvers.  If you held a notecard out with your arm extended and the card facing you, the area of the card would block out the area of the sky this object moved in the entire time I watched (~45 min).  The craft would sit still for amounts of time between its bursts of high speed moving.  When it did make the sharp turns it would start out fast and then slow down just before the turn.  If I remember correctly it took a break after making turns. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));40.4591;-90.6805
It was triangular in shape it looked like several spheres making connected making up the triangle.  It had a weird glow to it, it was f;2016-08-26 20:30:00;2 minutes;It was triangular in shape it looked like several spheres making connected making up the triangle.  It had a weird glow to it, it was flying pretty low and almost blended in with the orange colored sky at sunset except you could tell it was made of a reflective metal.  It was totally silent it was heading south and after it flew over it disappeared very quickly or blended in very well.  There appeared to be an aura or haze around it as well.;40.4591;-90.6805
