triangular Shaped craft light in each corner seen on 4/2/03 Carlisle PA  time 2145;2003-04-02 21:45:00;45 second;triangular Shaped craft light in each corner seen on 4/2/03 Carlisle PA  time 2145 It was approximately  9:45 PM on April 2,2003  my location was about   6 miles outside of Carlisle PA.  I was star gazing and looked  toward the Big Dipper when I saw what appeared to be a small cluster of meteors (shooting stars).  I was following these lights for about 10 seconds and realized that it could not be meteors when suddenly  to my amazement the UFO  appeared low overhead.   It was Triangular in shape with three large round lights in each corner of the craft were rounded.   I watched as it silently  glided across the sky for approximately 30 seconds as it headed South.  I believe that there was most like several crafts  that I saw enter our atmosphere however, I only viewed one close up.   Definitely no mistake about this, the craft was to low to mistake it for anything other than what it was a UFO.  I could not take my eyes off the one I was looking at.  The lights were not bright they appeared to be dimmed  so as not to draw attention although clearly visible and giving way to the shape of the craft.  I did not see any color it appeared  to be black.;40.2076477011495;-77.2136017241377
Triangle-shaped object above suburban area flying low with no sound, bright lights, and hovering motion.;2010-03-11 19:00:00;aprox. 15 min.;Triangle-shaped object above suburban area flying low with no sound, bright lights, and hovering motion. Today, 3/11/10, in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, one of my best friends and I were walking down Walnut street towards the Carlisle Family YMCA when we noticed a large group of people on the lawn screaming, running around, and grabbing their cell phones. I looked up and noticed two large, round white lights, similar to car headlights, on the front of a large black item.  I of course panicked, and then when it turned, and I noticed the underside, which had a red light on the back, which came to a point, similar to a triangle, I pulled out my cell phone and took a picture just before it went over the houses towards Wal-Mart and Mt. Holly Springs. The picture I took is at http://i187.photobucket.com/albums/x262/gothghost2/Locked/ufo.jpg and shows the large red light, several smaller red lights that were on the side, and one of the large, round white lights on the front. The picture is bad quality because it’s dark, but the lights on the object were very bright and can be seen somewhat clearly. I have no clue what this thing was, but there is an Army War College in town and a nearby Navy Depo., however this didn’t seem to be military made seeing as how it was maybe only as high as a ten story building and seemed to smoothly hover, did not make noise, and was extremely large.  There was a school bus outside of the YMCA that had lost all of its internal and external lights and power, but I’m not sure if it’s connected or not, as nothing else lost power.;40.2076477011495;-77.2136017241377
I stepped outside of my friend's house to take out some trash and immediately noticed a bright star to the southeast at a 40 degree ang;2013-07-27 00:30:00;45;I stepped outside of my friend's house to take out some trash and immediately noticed a bright star to the southeast at a 40 degree angle from the horizon flashing and flickering.  I put the trash in the bin, and on my way back, looked at the star again.  It was visibly flashing colored light.  After deciding I wasn't looking at an airplane or helicopter, I called my two friends to come look the star and asked if they could see it flashing too or if my eyes were playing tricks on me.  They could see it as well.  After a few minutes I retrieved a pair of binoculars from my truck and we all inspected the light.  No definite shape was determinable but the lights formed a triangular shape with a gently rounded top, like a cut diamond.  The lights were arranged compactly not appearing to form any particular pattern or symmetry.  The lights were red, green, and light yellow that emanated from sharp, individual points that flashed rapidly off and on intermittently.  At any ! given time 25-35 individual lights were visible, but it is difficult to say exactly how many because of the speed and lack of pattern to their on/off sequence.  We took turns looking at the object for around 20 minutes as it stayed stationary, then went back in the house to see if there was anything online explaining what we were seeing. 5-10 minutes later we went back out and found the object had moved farther away and was lower on the horizon.  I checked on it periodically for the next 30 minutes as it continued to move away and dip lower on the horizon until trees blocked my view. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));40.2076477011495;-77.2136017241377
Low silent object with multiple blinking lights followed by bright light over field.;2017-07-12 22:38:00;10 minutes;Low silent object with multiple blinking lights followed by bright light over field 	Last night, at around 10:15PM, my boyfriend and I went outside to smoke a cigarette. We were sitting in a golf cart on the driveway talking.  He looked over at me, and saw lights behind my head that weren’t like normal plane lights.  When he pointed it out, I turned and looked. What I saw next is hard to explain. 	The object that was moving in the sky was very large, and no more than 500 feet in the air, and it was silent.  A normal plane, at that height, would have been so loud.  We were in an open driveway, in a middle of a field, so the night was quiet.  We would have heard it if it was a normal plane. This object was so low, and moving slowly.  When we noticed planes in the sky later, they seemed to be moving so fast compared to how slowly this object had been moving. 	The lights themselves were so different from anything I’ve ever seen before.  The object looked like a triangle shape, but the sky was dark as I’m assuming the object was as well. But on each side, in the  middle, there were blinking lights.  They were blinking both red and white.  We watched as this object turned, and as it changed direction I saw more lights.  Either on the bottom or top of the object there was also a circular pattern of lights, that seemed to be rotating.  There were at least 10 lights all together, if not more. 	We watched for about 5 minutes as this object made its way overhead before disappearing above the tree line.  My boyfriend and I were talking, and I was trying to reason with him logically.  We’re in Carlisle, PA.  There are plenty of military bases around.  Carlisle is a huge shipping port. Etc, etc.  Then we stood up to go inside.  As we got out of the golf cart and turned to enter the house, we saw a light so bright just hovering then, above the field. 	At this point, I almost couldn’t move.  This light also was maybe 500 feet in the air.  It hovered in one spot, but not completely still.  It seemed to almost dance in the sky.  It was only one light I could see. But it was so bright, it had beams coming off of it, almost like it looked like a pinwheel.  It was so bright, it made everything else feel dark.  I couldn’t even see the tree line in the distance.  It didn’t fly away, it didn’t do anything. 	That is when my boyfriend grabbed my arm and pulled me in the house.  He was scared and wanted to go inside, but I couldn’t look away.  This experience lasted only maybe 2 minutes in its entirety before I made it into the house.  But once I got inside I realized more.  This light was also silent, and for how close and bright it was, it would have had to have been making a noise.  Even small drones you can hear in the air.  But this was completely silent. 	We went to tell his brother and friends, and when we told them it had just had happened, they ran outside to see if it was still there.  Within 5 minutes, by the time we had made it back outside, this light was gone and there were no traces of it.  When we walked back outside, the sky was brighter and back to normal.  It seemed almost like a different atmosphere outside. 	This also, is happening at a time when a lot of strange things have been happening to me.  I have RH- blood, and joke about being an alien pretty frequently.  But, I’ve recently been waking up with strange bruises that are very small (less than half an inch) in diameter, and are in a straight line.  I’ve had objects move literally while my back is turned, along with my phone acting strangely.  All of this, along with what we saw last night, is starting to add up.;40.2076477011495;-77.2136017241377
