Very bright, fast moving light which appeared to circle the local radio tower and speed away;1980-11-15 22:00:00;10 seconds;Very bright, fast moving light which appeared to circle the local radio tower and speed away I was sitting on my Dad's back porch with a work buddy around 10 pm when we both noticed a bright light moving steadily across the sky from the north towards town.  The light then accellerated very quickly past the radio tower and made a checkmark turn back to the NW at a very high rate of speed.  There was no sound comming from that direction.  The object was about 2 miles away (guess).  We were both shocked and ran inside.  I immediately called the Sheriff's office to see if anyone else reported it.  They had not received any calls at that time (within 3 minutes of viewing).  Dates given are questionable as it was so long ago.;31.0687;-98.1768
Sequential lights in straight, horizontal lines in the sky over Texas.;2012-10-24 21:00:00;15 seconds;Sequential lights in straight, horizontal lines in the sky over Texas. I was driving home at approximately 2100, on October 24, when I saw a series of lights in the sky.  Five lights came one one at a time in a perfectly straight horizontal line until they were all on, they stayed on for a second or two, then they all went out at the same time.  A couple of second later, another series of 5 lights came on in the same manner slightly higher and to the right of the first set of lights. These lights were orangish-yellow, with the look of a lantern, or firelight.  They were perfectly clylindrical, with no tails or streaks of any kind.   They were quite high in the sky, almost as high as the moon, which was directly above me at the time.  There are no hills or buildings that they could have been on.  They did not move or blink, they just turned on then they were off and gone.  I tried to get my camera on, but they didn't stay on long enough.   Less than a minute after I saw the first sets of lights, I saw them come on again in roughly th! e same area, but this time only two lights came on in the first, lower set and one in the higher, second set. I pulled my car off to the side of the road to get a better look, and try to get a pic, but once again I didn't have time.   I did get to take a better look at the sky and there were no aircraft of any kind to be seen, and not a cloud in the sky.  I consider myself a rational person, and not one to believe in aliens or anything of the sort.  I'm am a college student who is soon to be a registered nurse.  This is the second time I have lights since I moved to the area 4 years ago, though the last time they weren't in the same formation.  It wasn't until I saw online that there were many reports of these kind of lights that I even considered reporting it anywhere.  I wish I could come up with a rational explanation, but there isn't any, I saw what I saw.;31.0687;-98.1768
