Four large objects moving fast and in the same direction seen in middle of UFO swarm.;2012-05-14 23:00:00;20 mins;Four large objects moving fast and in the same direction seen in middle of UFO swarm. Dogs started barking so we went outside to investigate.  Once outside, we noticed multiple, small blinking lights in the sky, some singly, some moving in pairs.  Then we saw 4 much larger sets of lights moving across the sky, 2 were triangular in shape and very large and 2 more sets of lights following at a distance.   The triangular UFO's were very bright and almost looked as if they were glued together, very close to each other with one immediately behind the other, moving fast across the sky. We observed them through binoculars and you could make out the triangular shapes, each with 2 white and one red light, none were blinking.  The 2 sets of lights following at some distance, were each double lights, one white, one red, neither blinking and were moving at the exact same speed as the triangle lights and in the same direction.   All of these objects were moving much faster than commercial jets fly, going horizon to horizon in about 30 - 45 seconds. There was the sound of a jet coming from the direction of the last set of trailing lights, but sounded like it was even farther back than the last set of lights.  The large triangle shaped lights in the front outlined an enormous object, much bigger than an airliner (8 - 10x larger than a commercial jet) would normally appear at cruising altitude.  A number of air routes cross over our town, but commercial jets are always at very high altitudes here as we have 13,000 ft peaks just outside of town. There are no airports within 100 miles that can anything larger than a Learjet can land at, so it is unlikely that a large commercial jet would be flying at 5,000 ft above us (our town is at 7,500 ft).  There were no clouds in the sky that we could see and we spend a lot of time sky-watching normally, we own 2 telescopes and use them frequently). I am a founding member of the Alliance Studying Paranormal Experiences (ASPE) a New Mexico Paranormal group and I spent 20 years working in Science before moving to Taos.  I am a trained observer and have seen a number of unusual object in the night sky over the years, this sighting was the most remarkable I have seen yet. After the 4 large objects flew away, the small blinking and moving lights, more than 20 of them by our estimates, persisted for another 15- 20 minutes and were visible in multiple directions.  One member of our group became very frightened and insisted we all go inside as it looked like several of the lights were moving directly at us.;36.3372;-105.6104
Before sunset,in the sky we saw a tear drop shaped shining bright white (kind of resembling a huge hot air balloon),not moving at all.;2019-09-28 18:57:00;45 minutes;Before sunset,in the sky we saw a tear drop shaped shining bright white (kind of resembling a huge hot air balloon), not moving at all.  An airplane flew next to it and it's size dwarfed the size of the  airplane. Several neighbors outside and people pulling over in their cars to look at it.  After sunset it is no longer visible.;36.3372;-105.6104
