The ufo was not quite circle, it had a bunch a blinking lights, and was moving slightly jerky in a circular motion.;2005-01-13 02:30:00;5 min.-10 min.;The ufo was not quite circle, it had a bunch a blinking lights, and was moving slightly jerky in a circular motion. It was about 1:00-2:30 am. it started out as a shining light, then the light exploded and little pieces of light went everywhere.  the the light came back to form and started to come closer. then me and my two other friends started to form into a shape. as it came aloser it came clearer.  Then we thought it was an airplane, but it was coming right over the house.  Then when it was right over the house we all saw that it was a not quite circle shape and it had a bunch of red, yellow, and green lights blinking. Then it just went over the house and keeped on going in the night sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate, elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));47.6082561403509;-122.039670175439
Large oval with bright white center and fuzzy white outer edge;2013-07-29 23:45:00;5 minutes;Large oval with bright white center and fuzzy white outer edge UFO Sighting July 29, 2013 Sammamish, WA  At approximately 11:45 PM July 29, 2013, I was out in my front yard, letting my dogs out.  I was standing in my driveway, looking up at the stars. I was facing northwest or possibly north-northwest.  No one was with me.  I believe this was there for at least 5 minutes, as I let one dog back in and then waited for the other one. There was an airplane moving in a southern direction off to my left (west) and directly in the sky in front of me was a large bright white light, about 45 degrees above the horizon. It was oval-shaped, but not perfectly oval, with a bright white center and then a bright white thick, fuzzy outer edge.  The area between the bright center and outer edge was darker and looked almost like you could see the sky behind it.  There were what looked like wisps of small thin clouds in this area. It was huge, huge, huge, there in the middle of the sky and very bright. (my guess would be twice the size of a full moon)  There was not a sharp edge to it, just fuzzy and bright.  It looked sort of like a giant eye staring at me.  My impression was that it was somehow electrified, like a neon sign in the sky.  It was stationary, not spinning, not pulsating, not changing in color, shape, or any other way. It was framed by two pine trees behind my house.  I looked around for the moon, so I could have some kind of reference point for what I had just seen, but I couldn’t find the moon.  The sky was clear and I could see lots of stars.  I am not sure how far away it was.  I was standing about 20 feet down my drive way and it was above and behind my garage. I was staring directly at it for just a second… or two, maybe three at the most then it just vanished, with a streak of bright white light moving right to left (westerly direction) in an upward arc across the sky very, very fast. I would say as fast as a streak of lightening, only thicker and smoother.  The bright white streak was gone in about half a second, and then there was nothing.  The streak disappeared before reaching the rear of the airplane.  The plane, off to my left, was still in the sky, moving slowly, it seemed toward the airport. It sure seemed like a space ship just took off right in front of me, but it didn’t look like anything I would imagine a space ship to look like. I also did not hear any sound from the two airplanes high in the sky, or any other sound in the night sky. This has really shaken me up. I have never seen anything like this.  I would sure like to know if anyone else in Sammamish, WA saw this.;47.6082561403509;-122.039670175439
