Crazy triangle UFO, flashing designs in light show over Sammamish, WA;2013-11-13 01:21:00;2:00;Crazy traingle UFO, flashing designs in light show over Sammamish, Washington On November 13, 2013, at around 1:21 am I was laying down in my bed looking out the window.  The night sky was clear of clouds and I was able to see the stars.   I was just watching them before I fell asleep and I noticed that one of them was flashing.  I stand up and walk to my window and it was still flashing.   So I squint my eyes and it comes into view, the object seemed to be moving towards me, it was flashing white and red, erratic flashing that was and hard for me to get an exact eye on it.   I couldn’t make out if it was one object or multiple, so I ran downstairs grabbed my binoculars.  When I came back up to look, the binoculars didn’t help any (too far away and made it fuzzy) so I went back to observing it.    By this time I was able to make out a shape, it was triangular and the lights were no longer erratic and presented with three sided white and red blinking one in the middle. But then they began flashing again, but red light only.  They began rotating clockwise making what I can only describe as a star shape design up and down the length of the object.  As it flashed up and down one end it moved on to the next making a five sided design that looked like a star.  By then it had stopped moving forward and stayed in the same spot for over an hour doing the star light display.   I tried taking a video with my phone but my adrenaline was pumping hard making my hand so unsteady that I gave up after 10 seconds.  When I look at the video you can see the red lights but it’s blurry and at the time I was convinced it was too far away for me to take video of least of all with a camera phone so I stopped.  I was so shocked by what I was seeing that I was googling on my phone trying to see if there was a radio tower nearby (there’s not) because I’ve only been living here for over a year and wanted to determine if there was a rational explanation for what I was seeing.   While I always believed in UFO’s I never imagined I would be seeing one from inside my bedroom!   I will keep my eyes out and document better if I’m lucky enough to see one again! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.6082561403509;-122.039670175439
