Stereotypical movie ufo(disk emitting different colored lights) seen in Lehighton Pa;2006-11-24 03:00:00;5 seconds;Stereotypical movie ufo(disk emitting different colored lights) seen in Lehighton Pa Me and two buddies were on our way to wal-mart for a tv that was on sale because of Black Friday in the year 2006 I believe. It was about 2:30-3:00am when we were going down 248 when my one friend sitting up front passenger side is staring up in the sky and ask me and my friend who is driving, &quotwhat the hell is that?&quot I did not thing much of it because he is known to joke a lot.  But after repeating it again with alertness in his voice i finally lean forward in between the front seats and see this massive disk flying low probably about 100-200ft from the tree line on the mountain right near the radio tower on top of the mountain. I would say this craft was about 50-100 yards in diameter. These were not only strange lights i saw, but i saw the whole undercarriage in detail due to the light that reflected from the treeline onto the bottom of the ship.  this ufo honestly was not of this world and seemed as if it was crashing due to a flame behind it a! nd its angle which seemed as if it would crash over this mountain next to 248. the craft seemed to be malfunctioning due to the fact that it would be flying along at an angle towards the ground, Completely vanish, then reappear in its normal path.  I could see the treeline on top of the mountain glow green from the underside of this craft which was emitting this light. On the underside there was inner rotating multiple lights with a big round light in the middle. picture a wide hulla hoop going clockwise and another hulla hoop going counter clockwise but with different colored lights.  I never had a feeling like that before and i will never forget what i saw. we were so convinced the craft crashed over the mountain we went searching for it but came up empty handed because we could not find the radio station where the craft was near. After this experience i could not keep my eyes out of the sky. for weeks after this sighting i noticed a large increase in helicopters around t! hat area which is uncommon because it is not a heavily populat! ed area. i would say about 10 helicopters patrolling this small area which struck me as very odd considering what i saw. i did not contact police because i knew they would just shrug off my call as a hoax, nor did i even know that i should contact anyone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));40.8325;-75.7013999999999
