Two bright headlights, gliding above the tree tops, not a helicopter or a plane, a wake-up call - they are out there!;2008-03-20 21:45:00;2 Minutes;Two bright headlights, gliding above the tree tops, not a helicopter or a plane, a wake-up call - they are out there! March 20, 2008   At 9:45 p.m. my 16 year old son and I were driving along a dark back road, going home.  I noticed these two bright headlights above the tree tops, and I thought what are they?  It just couldn’t be a plane or a helicopter.  Well, I stopped my car and was watching the lights between the branches of the tree.  I was just looking to see how fast this thing was moving.  Well, it wasn’t moving very fast, it was just slowly gliding.  I then started to drive a little bit further, and the lights stopped moving forward.  I thought, what the heck is going on?  I stopped my car and the lights came toward us, above the car, closer.  My 16 year old, who was sitting in the passenger seat, said, “Mom, let’s go, it’s just a plane!”  At that time I ended my conversation with my mom and focused on the lights, my son, did the same.  We were right at the entrance of our driveway, and these lights were right above the tree tops, above our car.  The both of us looking up at the lights, still seated inside the car.  These lights were not blinding, but very large.  At this time I was a little freaked out because of what we were staring at, but then after about 3 seconds of looking directly up at this thing, the lights went dim and then went out..  Well, it didn’t take me long to put my foot on the gas and tear up our driveway.  I was NEVER so scared in my life.  I quickly called the house, because my boyfriend was home, to tell him to meet me downstairs.  I was crying and very scared for some reason.  My 16 year old never believed in UFO’s, but I always thought they could exist.  Well, after tonight, we both are 100% convinced!  This freaked out the both of us.;40.8325;-75.7013999999999
Yellowish white orb sene hovering over back yard in the mountains of lehighton pa. Ring camera captures images;2020-02-15 01:00:00;1 hour;Yellowish white orb sene hovering over back yard in the mountains of lehighton pa. Ring camera captures images On the morning of February 15th at around 2:20am I found my motion spotlight ring camera. Activated and the spotlight would not turn off, I walked into my residence and my dog was pacing inside the home which is unsual he usually is sleeping at this hour. I pulled up my camera to see what triggered the event which. I found approximately, 1 hour a orb going back and forth back and forth in my yard. The light and camera remained triggered after the event. The Orb seeming appears out of nowhere and takes off at a high rate of speed. I confirmed the following evening that the negibhors do not have any lights that might give off a false image or any false reading. The dog seems drawn to the area where the orb was seen hovering and has been laying around that area. Im usually skeptical of anything but this is one scenario I simply cannot explain.;40.8325;-75.7013999999999
