Traveling North on 395, I noticed a bright Light, that at first appeared to be a Star.  However upon closer observation i noticed that ;1999-02-27 18:30:00;One hour;Traveling North on 395, I noticed a bright Light, that at first appeared to be a Star.  However upon closer observation i noticed that the light was inside the atomsphere and right on top of the mountain. The Light did not move and was stationary,  For a while  to cone shaped light projectiones where beaming from both ends of object. The Light was riht in front of me when i reached Mammoth Lakes traveling West towards the town Traveling North on 395, I noticed a bright Light, that at first appeared to be a Star.  However upon closer observation i noticed that the light was inside the atomsphere and right on top of the mountain. The Light did not move and was stationary,  For a while  to cone shaped light projectiones where beaming from both ends of object. The Light was riht in front of me when i reached Mammoth Lakes traveling West towards the town. I am an independent Business Consultant, 40 years old.;37.5014;-118.4048
Pinpoint of light grows larger and shines bright blue/white and staggers it's course.;2005-05-28 22:45:00;20 seconds;Pinpoint of light grows larger and shines bright blue/white and staggers it's course. Every year I go to the Owens river valley in Northern California with my Father and Cousin.  We were on glass mountain between Bishop and Mammoth Lakes.   Before going to sleep, we watch the sky for a few hours looking for satellites and ufo's.  On Saturday night, my cousin spotted a pinpoint of light traveling from west to east.  We assumed it was a satellite at first (object too high to be conventional aircraft).  After a few seconds of watching, it seemed to grow in size about like a dime held out at arms length and it lit up bright blue/white (like when someone is arc welding) and it's course became staggered for a few seconds untill it returned to a pinpoint of light.  After that it just continued on it's way.   Our elevation on the mountain was approx 8000ft. the sky was crystal clear, the temperature was around 51deg with a very light wind.  There were no other aircraft in the vicinity at that exact time.  We did see several satellites the entire week we were there.  I've been a sky watcher since my first ufo sighting at age 7.  After seeing 12 now, I strongly believe we are not alone, never have been and never will be.;37.5014;-118.4048
Six objects move westerly across the California night sky;2006-08-19 23:00:00;2 hrs;Six objects move westerly across the California night sky We we camping in a remote non-car camping area with no un-natural light sources within a 20 mile radius. Just as we started to go to bed I was looking at stars to the east and suddenly there was a VERY bright flash of light. This light was not accompanied by any sound and seemed within decent range of where we were camped. The light was very bright and then quickly formed into four (4) distinct circular shaped lights: two on one side and two on the other. The new lights were shaped in a very strange, hard to explain way: they were very well formed light sources and the light from them stayed in a round shape as it came shone out from the craft (in fact we never really saw a craft per se).  This object flew at a much quicker pace than any of the airplanes we'd see that night and moved towards the west. About 6 seconds into al this the lights went off and became a pinpoint kind of light...looking a bit like a satellite does. It then moved VERY fast westerly and then completely disappeared.  All of this really intrigued me so I stayed up for another two hours and saw a total of six (6) of them all moving in the same direction. Some just quick, small points of light and others looking like fluttering wings made of light...very blinky and fluttery and fast in their light. Two of them changed colors from white to red to blue and back, but most were just white. After a couple of hours of this I went to bed perplexed and very intrigued.;37.5014;-118.4048
Three lights that looked like lamp light but higher in a triangle shape. It hovered then took off west over the eastern sierra mountian;2012-03-23 21:20:00;4 minutes;Three lights that looked like lamp light but higher in a triangle shape.   It hovered then took off west over the eastern sierra mountians then disapeared in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.5014;-118.4048
