For well over a month now I have been seeing these orange or bright LED orbs where I live. My neighbor up the road has seen and managed;2020-11-05 11:03:00;Ongoing;For well over a month now I have been seeing these orange or bright LED orbs where I live. My neighbor up the road has seen and managed to catch almost the same unidentified objects on film also. Last night 11/4 I was startled with a close encounter. I woke up in the middle of the night to let the animals out. When I swung open my front door I immediately seen at least 10 orbs hovering above my yard. I love in the country with very little neighbors close by, so it's always dark with no lights obstructing the view. When I looked up at them they were floating or swaying down towards the ground real slow. These were orange in colored and would fade out when there was movement on the ground. This incident scared me and I immediately shut the door and curtains and went to our bedroom. Normally I'll stay up and watch these orbs just to see what they do and make sure that I'm truly seeing what I'm seeing. I've mentioned to it to family members about these sightings! and everyone just brushes it off to be a plane which is so frustrating. So tonight I was outside putting firewood in our outdoor furnace and noticed 2 LED colored orbs across the road by the farm equipment hoovering. There was 3 over in the field where the horses graze and 5 to my left further on up the road at my grandmother's farm where the cows are. Watching there movements is incredible. It's this graceful swaying at times to no movement. The LED orbs are so bright it hurts your eyes to look at. I've pulled out binoculars to see what it could be and it's so bright. At times you can see them turning in circles when hoovering in one spot. Almost like a flashlight turning with them. I was watching one hoovering in front of my neighbors window at night(she lives on top of the mountain, me in valley but at night now that leaves are off the trees I can see her lights coming from their living room. Mt husband and I literally watched this orb hoovering within eyesight of her w! indow. We watched it come down from the sky and stay there for! well ov er 30 mins. It then slowly and gracefully lowered down into the valley and worked it's way over the cattle field also triggering a motion light as it passed right by. This particular orb wasn't no more than 30 feet from the ground. The last thing I want to mention is, last night when I seen the ones hoovering in my front yard that scared me. Later that night 3am ish I seen this bright bright white light coming through my curtains. I glanced out the crack and saw 2 orbs hoovering above my truck. It was so bright it lookws like the sun was shining. It was so crazy. I'm such a thrill seeker and get so excited seeing unexplained things such as these. Buy lately, it's getting to close for comfort and now I'm just genuinely freaked out bc I have no clue what this is. We've been seeing these more frequently. And my husband is dumbfounded with no explanation on what we are seeing. Before he would blow it off. But not now. We seem to always see orbs. Orange and the bright LED color. ! We have watched blinking red crafts that stay in one spot for long periods of time and take off. These blinking ones defy the odds of being a plane or drone. The movement has been incredibly fast and my neighbors has a video of a fleet. I've never seen anything like it in my life. I've reached out to my brothers who are in the military and they were amazed at what they seen to. I would welcome a team of investigators to stay on our farm for 1 week to document and explain to us what we are seeing. And I'm not sure if this means anything but when we've tried to film with our cell phones our batteries drain so fast or our phones shut off even if they are at 50% battery life. Maybe its the temperature changes maybe not. But this is the 2nd battery I've had to replace on my cell since spring of 2020.;39.0973;-79.7845
