green brilliant light over colbert county alabama;2011-05-20 21:40:00;4 seconds;green brilliant light over colbert county alabama May 20th, 2011  I was outside facing east when I saw an object appear in the sky.  The time was approximately 21:40 central time zone on the 20th of May, 2011.  The sky had already been night for over an hour.   The object was traveling from the south and heading due north.  There was no clear shape to the object and it was emitting a brilliant green light.  The best way I can describe it was a small green ball of light that changed several different levels of intensity from very bright to dim, then back to bright, then dim, and back to bright and then complete darkness.   There was also what looked to be a green cloud around the object.  I am not sure if the light was producing the cloud or if it was just traveling through water vapor in the atmosphere.   The object maintained a steady altitude and my best guess would be that it was one and one half miles away and traveling at approximately 600-700mph.  The object did not produce a sound that could be heard from my vantage point.  It was only visible for probably four seconds before going completely dark, which is a fairly decent amount of time to observe it.   I know that it was not a meteor because the way it was changing to several different levels of intensity from bright to dim and back to bright. It was also maintaining a steady smooth altitude and going much slower than a meteor.   There were faint clouds in that section of the sky obstructing the view of the stars.   I am not sure how far away or high the clouds were.  It was not navigation or strobe lights from an aircraft.  I have spent half my life dealing with aviation and have seen thousands of aircraft in flight in daylight and in darkness.  I have certainly seen over one hundred meteors in my life and this was much different.  I have seen green meteorites illuminate and then burn out. This was much different and slower and maintained a steady altitude.   The way the light changed intensity to several different levels was very interesting.  This concludes what! I saw.;34.7561;-87.6304
