Iowa lake ufo;1998-07-05 03:00:00;brief;Iowa lake ufo Alright, I put my closest guess to the date, all I can remember at this moment is that it was  a 4th of July weekend. I saw two instances of a UFO. On Friday night, we were shooting bottle rockets. I was looking up and saw what looked like a star at the moment, disappear out of site. It was bright, sort of close to the brightness of a satellite, not as bright as say international space station, but was just sitting still, then vanished. Then the next night, after shooting fireworks, I asked my brother if he wanted to stay out late with me on the dock and look at the stars, mainly look for UFOs. It was getting late, it was 100am when we went out already, it was so dark that you could see all the stars, it was a great night. We didn't see anything, then decided to go in and go to sleep. I was laying there, on the floor, on what used to be a patio, but was now enclosed with windows all the way around it. There is a tree just to the north of the house, but a great clear view to the NW. I was laying there, watching the fan turn above me. I was closing my eyes trying to go to sleep, and I remember the feeling that something was telling me to look towards it, as if something was looking at me and I had the sense to look back, I can't really explain it in words, it was more like the beings in the craft told me to look through telepathy. I rolled over and sat up a bit (on my elbows with my back arched) and looked out to the NW. There was my first definite UFO. It was bright white sphere. I was told before by my mom and step father of a bright light that was behind our house in MN that was shining through the woods and went back and forth, which happened a few before this. Just as I saw it for about 5 seconds, it disappeared, into thin air, blip, gone. I remember me saying under my breath, cool I haven't experienced such a sight since then. This is my account of sighting of a UFO. My co-worker has seen a lot more the me by where he lives now. I currently live in MO, and there is weird activity h! ere too. I have lived these following places, IA, MN, AZ, and MO. All have had weird activity going on. I hope that this helps with the reports.  ps can you e-mail me, and then you can talk to me further if you like. ummm, i forgot to add this, but my mom also saw the phoenix ufo. i have talked to dr sky about this too. I have been trying to reach art or george with no success. my mother told me that when she was leaving my aunts, which is south phoenix, ahwatukee, that she looked up and saw this huge gigantic object moving over, saying that it was at least a few football fields. she said that she could see the stars around it, but not in it. I have heard theories about the lights over the mountain ridge. I have heard that there was a big visual, ie the lights, and that it would distract most attention to what was actually going over phoenix, which would make sense, since my mother saw it over head. I don't know for sure, but she saw it over head in phoenix. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have invited the witness to have his mother submit her report of her sighting of the Phoenix Lights event of March 13, 1997.  PD));41.7029;-94.3677
