Four globes of light in formation;2002-11-15 17:30:00;10 min;Four globes of light in formation First of all, let me apologise for the approximation on the day and time.  Though I cannot remember the exact d/t, based upon where our lives were at the time, I do know that it had to be fall of the academic year 2002-2003.  I had just picked up my daughter at around 5:15 or so, and we were heading home to Blue Lake via Jane's Road/Guintoli Road in the northern reaches of Arcata, CA. (in a development area called Valley West).  The sun had set, the sky  was darkening to a deep purple, but there was still enough sky light that the hills to the northeast were clearly silhouetted, with some slope details still visible.  There were a very few stars starting to show the skylight combined with a hazy sky allowed only the very brightest to emerge at that time.  It was this paucity of stars that brought my attention to the lights.  We were heading north, approaching the point where Jane's Rd curves east to become Guintoli, when I noticed a formation of 4 very bright stars over the hills just northeast of us.  As we began climbing the overpass that Guintoli takes over US 101, I could see these stars more clearly and thought that there was something odd.  I interpreted them as a familiar constellation made peculiar by the selective manner in which the atmospheric conditions permitted its bright stars to appear earlier than the rest.  Honestly, I thought I was looking at the Big Dipper, but only its brightest components.  Still, they were preternaturally bright and they didn't seem high enough in the sky to be the Dipper.  I grew very puzzled and unsure of what I was looking at.  I called my daughter's attention to the stars. Apparently she had already noticed them and was also trying to figure out what they were.  Unfortunately, there was no place to pull over and observe.  However, we got the definite impression that these stars, these lights, were moving.  What other real stars we could see were not near enough to confirm this.  Our direction was toward the lights, with those northeast hills between us and them, so there was not much in the way of lateral relative motion, making absolute motion easier to detect.  Since I was driving, I couldn't watch steadily, but my daughter could.  She was able to tell, after a little while, that they were  moving as a solid group as if in formation.  There was a stop sign along our route, and we were able to briefy watch them, and yes, they were definately moving in a northerly direction, perhaps somewhat east of north since they seem to be moving inland slightly.  There is an airport in a town not far to the north (McKinleyville), and I thought maybe we were seeing some kind of commercial aircraft or maybe something being flown by the Coast Guard which has its Air Station next door to the airport.  We dismissed these possibilities after watching while paused at the stop.  These lights did not flash nor pulse, and they were large, opaque, globular, almost solid looking, if light can be said to look solid.  Their color was a brilliant white, no other colors, no prismatic effects, no bluish or reddish hue, just white like wedding cake frosting.  They were not phosphorescent or neon-like, not fluorescent, but more like incandescent, though that's not quite right either.  They did not twinkle, nor dance, nor do any of the things that starlight does under atmospheric influence, they were dead steady.  In size, they appeared to be slightly larger than a large bright planet, Jupiter, on one its closer approaches, maybe, but clearer, with more well-defined edges. Since we were travelling in a car, we don't know if they emitted a sound. We proceeded on through the interesection, and I began looking for a place I could pull over to watch the lights.  We turned off Guintoli onto State 299 (the hwy we would take home), trying to keep the lights in view.  The lights' altitude was low enough and our relative positions and vectors were such that those hills rapidly got in the way.  As we were passing the lights (yes, rapid paralax changes also clued us in to just how close and low the lights really were), seeking a way off the road, one light suddenly disengaged itself from the formation and arced over its neighbor in a smooth curve.  Before we could see the final shape of the maneuver and the resulting formation, the crest of the hills and its trees obscured our view completely. I swung off onto a side road that would take us back the way we came, got back onto 101, and headed north toward the neighboring town, McKinleyville.  I had hoped that since the lights were heading more or less north and didn't seem to be in a big hurry, that we could pick them up again and watch them some more.  Unfortunately, by the time I had gotten back to 101, the lights were gone, either too far to the east to see past the hills, or they simply disappeared like these things have a tendency to do.  I was so excited that I phoned by son as soon as we got home.  He sees odd lights and objects all the time, so I knew he'd be interested in this.  As it turned out, he and his girlfriend had seen two simliar lights over Eureka just minutes before we first spotted our lights over north Arcata/Valley West.  This is why I put 4 witnesses in parentheses, if they were the same lights, then four of us saw them, not just two.  According to him and his girlfriend, they were in my mom's back yard watching the sunset.  The house is in west-central Eureka.  Not long after the sun had disappeared, his girlfriend noticed an odd bright light approaching from, if I remember right, the west, and my son saw one coming in from the south. The sky was still fairly bright for them, and these lights were quite brilliant despite the light sky. Note: At this latitude, at that time of the year, there are no long lingering sunsets, the sun would have fallen to the horizon as if gut-shot and the sky darken within 15 minutes or less.  That means their sighting could not have preceded ours by more than a quarter hour.  The two lights approached each other, one fell in behind the other, and both continued on in a northerly direction, heading toward Humboldt Bay, which lies between Eureka and Arcata.  These sounded like two of the very same lights that my daughter and I observed.  We surmised that they picked up two other companions somewhere between Eureka and north Arcata, and continued on north/northeast where we saw them disappear into the hills which skirt the eastern frontage of our coastal towns.  If you look on a map of northern Califormia, you will see that Eureka, Humboldt Bay, Arcata, and McKinleyville line the coast only a few miles from each other.  I will try to create a map of our sighting and mail it to you.  Our family has had a lot of weird sightings and other paranormal events.  I've often thought of writing them all down and sending them to someone doing research into these things who is looking for raw data, but I wouldn't know who to send them to.   I found your sight while looking for information on anomalous sky flashes such as the one our area experienced last Sunday.  (That has been explained, apparently, there were distant witnesses who saw a bolide).  If you would be interested in any other reports for your stats or whatever, let me know.   One thing I would like to know is if you received any reports of these same lights from this general area, or points north of here.  There was nothing in our local paper and I've not heard of anyone else who saw them.  My son is wondering if this isn't an example of the Pearl Necklace that has been seen in times past. Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.8760857142857;-124.076476190476
1 large orange light, round in shape moving SW slowly & inconsistantly.;2006-11-01 17:40:00;10 minutes;1 large orange light, round in shape moving SW slowly & inconsistantly. My boyfriend and I were watching the sunset in a mostly cloudy sky from Luffenholtz Beach when we noticed a large, circular bright light (organge/yellow in color)in the southwestern sky.  This was after the sun had gone down and only a little glow was left peeking through the clouds (the light was located quite seperate from the area in which the sun was setting).  The light was moving slowly, down and slightly west, not constant in speed or direction.  It was way too large to be an airplane & was unlike any object either of us have witnessed before.;40.8760857142857;-124.076476190476
I saw a bright and big star-like object at night floating over a university weight room gym after I exited the facility.;2008-04-10 21:30:00;about 8 seconds;I saw a bright and big star-like object at night floating over a university weight room gym after I exited the facility. Date-   April 10, 2008   Location-   Arcata, California  Outside front entrance of Humboldt State University Weight Room on the staircase going downward to the men’s locker room. Time-   About 9:30 pm, nighttime  Time Started Writing this Report- About 10:00 pm  Just about a half hour ago, I finished my workout at the Humboldt State University weight room.  I walked out of the facility through the front entrance.  It was nighttime, and the moon was shaped like a smile.  I saw clear stars in the sky.  There was one bright light that I thought was a star when I first saw it.  However it was a big star and it was moving.  It actually looked more like it was glowing than twinkling like a normal star.  It was not moving fast or slow, but at medium speed.  No light was blinking on it like I would see on a normal airplane.  As it moved it looked as if it was slightly wiggling from side to side.  It looked as if it was more floating than flying.  The movement of the light seemed very smooth, unlike an airplane that deals with wind resistance.  Even as it moved almost directly above me, it was a big bright light directly facing me the whole time, like the image of a very big or bright star.  Normally when an airplane flies over me, the brightest front light of the plane faces the direction that the plane is moving.  An airplane front light does not continually face me as it passes over me, as it looked with this flying object I saw.  When an airplane passes over me, I usually see some kind of blinking light(s) on its wings and/or underbelly. It might have even been bigger than any star I ever saw.  It made no noise as it moved.  As it kept moving, it gradually started dimming, and eventually disappeared, where I saw just a little light before it totally faded into the night sky woodwork.  Keep in mind that this sighting happened all during the course of about seven or eight seconds. Also keep in mind that this was nighttime.  There might have been redwood trees that it went behind, and perhaps this was the reason it disappeared.  There also might have been fog that it disappeared behind.  However immediately after the experience I went to other locations to try and get a different view and angle of the area that I saw the light disappear to see if I could see any stars.  Well, in one of my other views, I saw stars, and there did not appear to be fog in that direction. I am going to return to my sighting location tomorrow during the day to see if some kind of object or redwood trees might have caused the object to disappear from where I was standing at the time of the sighting.  I will get back to you on this sighting after I do this, to judge whether or not I feel the flying object actually disappeared, or merely went behind some kind of object like redwood trees. My code name will be ((deleted)), so you will know who I am. Sincerely,  A Truth Teller;40.8760857142857;-124.076476190476
Bright glowing object falls from Arcata sky, air craft persues.;2009-03-04 18:00:00;1 second;Bright glowing object falls from Arcata sky, air craft persues. We were driving out of the Arcata marsh facing north. It lasted one second, maybe less. A bright star appeared in the sky and instantly began falling.  It wasnt falling on an angle like a shooting star or meteor, it fell stright down.  It was a white blue bright color that didnt change at all as it fell. It had no tail trailing behind it. It looked like a bright dot in the sky, like a falling star, but without the trail.  It made no noise, and the color stayed the same as it fell. A plane was in the sky as we were driving when the object fell the plane changed directions and began to head towards the fallen object.  All 3 observers are Humboldt State University students.  We all saw it as soon as it appeared as it was the brightest star in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.8760857142857;-124.076476190476
red and green lights that flash and move quickly in all directions, then stationary.  ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star.  PD));2012-05-30 20:00:00;30 minutes;red and green lights that flash and move quickly in all directions, then stationary. Red and green lights, appear to be stationary then move quickly left or right or straight up. just off the coast of mad river beach arcata, ca. happened just about twilight.  then moved farther north towards mckinleyville, ca.  has been talk around town about these lights for a couple of years now.  still unexplained... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.8760857142857;-124.076476190476
ARCATA, CA, 15 minute show of MANY satellite-type objects.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-04-16 21:10:00;15 minutes;ARCATA, CA, 15 minute show of MANY satellite-type objects Between 9:00-9:20 PM, constant string of mostly single file, but some paired, very bright satellite-type objects, very, very high... like satellite-high, cruising at different speeds, some slow, some fast, some not moving at all, then starting again.  A constant show.  Headed E NE over Humboldt County, ARCATA/Fickle Hill Area.  Not low and plane like whatsoever.  Maybe a major military convoy headed somewhere?  Most amazing thing I’ve ever seen... ever! Myself and others from four other neighboring homes watched in astonishment.  Thanks, whoever/whatever you are!  It was wonderful!!;40.8760857142857;-124.076476190476
