Green and red lights that flew over Arcata.;2011-07-09 21:40:00;1 hour;Green and red lights that flew over Arcata. I live in Humboldt County, and I never thought I’d see a UFO.    My father stepped outside to smoke a cigarette, and then he called me outside.  It was nine forty at night (21:40).  I was standing in my front yard looking north towards 27th and Alliance Street in Arcata.   At first, I didn’t know what I was looking at.  There was this object, and it had bright green lights.  Then it turned, and I saw a red light.   I thought it was a plane or a Coast Guard helicopter.  This is a coastal city, and I have occasionally seen Coast Guard helicopters fly by.  However, this object was different.   It couldn’t have been more than 1,000 feet away, but it made absolutely no noise.   My father and I stood completely silent and we could not hear a single engine noise.  Another indication that this was no helicopter or plane was how it moved. The object moved up and down, left and right, and it even did a spiral traveling upwards.  The object moved like a fish swims.  All of the turns were very fluid and graceful, and it would stop and move up or down in a single second.   Also, it never left a certain area of the sky.  It would dip up and down, and move left and right, but it always stayed in an area between two trees and sometimes going right behind the tree and coming back out after a couple seconds (from my point of view).    Another odd thing about the object was the lights.  I have never seen a plane or a helicopter use green or red lights.  Also, these lights were very bright.   Even though it was a about a 1,000 feet away, I could still make out the rough shape of a square.  And there were two distinct shapes of green light and an orb of red light in between them.  The lights were much brighter than any stars, and as bright as the Moon.  Also I knew the elevation couldn’t have been very high. It was a cloudy night.  That is another reason why this thing was so noticeable.  The clouds covered the stars, and the Moon.  There was no wind so the cloud did not move at all.  I don’t know how low the clouds were that night, but the object had to be a few hundred feet above the ground.    The object also came very close to the ground.  It dipped so low near a field that I thought it had landed.  However, I climbed on my fence and I saw it was hovering maybe a few tens of feet above the ground.  Then immediately it rose up a little bit. After watching the flying object for thirty minutes, I went inside to find a telescope and a camera, while my father kept watching outside.  My camera batteries were dead, but I did find a small telescope.  I set the stand up on my car, so I could have a steady base.  The difficulty was finding it.  The object was still moving around in the same area, so I knew where to look.  I centered the telescope on it then I looked in the eyepiece to locate it.  After a couple minutes, I found it, and tried to focus the best I could. I got a nice quick frontal and side view of the object.  Front view:  the two green lights on the sides were actually four.  The green lights were arranged in a square or rectangle pattern and the four green spheres were at the corners.  A single red sphere or oval was in the center.  What was odd what that the red center looked like it had eyes.  There were two yellow lights in the red center that looked like eyes to me.  That was something completely new. Side view:  the object turned and I got a good view of its side.  I saw the two green spheres on the side and they appeared as a line with the sphere at the ends of the line.  The red center had what appeared to be some kind of tail behind it.  It did not look like legs to me.  The best comparison that I can think of is the vehicles of Tron and how they are made of light. After I got a good look of the object, I decided to get my brother to show him.  He saw it as well and tried to look through the telescope.  Then I woke my mother up.  She was a little groggy and didn’t believe what I told her, and then she saw it.  Even though she was confused she went back to bed because she was very tired.   I came inside and drew what I saw to the best of my limited artistic abilities.  At that point it was ten forty (22:40).  When I went back outside, amazingly the object was still there. My father was still watching the flying object, but was tired so he went to bed because he couldn’t do anything more than watch (for an hour).  My brother followed shortly (he had only been watching for fifteen minutes).   I shortly came inside.  An hour later before I went to bed, I checked and the object was still flying in the same area as before.;40.8760857142857;-124.076476190476
