Slow moving low flying crafts with pulsing multi-light clusters.;2015-09-16 01:15:00;2 minutes;Slow moving, low flying, craft with pulsing multi-light clusters I was lying in bed playing with my phone before I went to sleep, and the second I shut the phone off, outside my bedroom window coming up over the trees was what appeared to be a craft, I could not make out fhe shape of the body of the craft but this had a cluster of lights, white and then ones that seemed to change with multiple colors slowly pulsing - orange, greens, blues, reds, the lights were flying pretty slowly to the side above my house, it seemed too low for a plane, it was way above the tree tops but seemed low, when I watched it pass overhead, I grabbed my phone and tried to shoot video of it through the window and thats when I noticed what appeared to be the same type of craft flying about a mile or so off in the distance flying the same direction, fairly slow but the camera didnt pick up anything but black.  I'll try to enhance it to make sure its not showing up.  I'm shaking, I woke my husband up to show him - I have never in my life seen anything like this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.9388;-71.1837
I thought it was a satellite until it got brighter then dimmed.;2017-05-15 22:00:00;50-60 seconds;I thought it was a satellite until it got brighter then dimmed. Tonight at 10:00 p.m., I went out to look at the stars and immediately saw what appeared to be a satellite moving from south to north.  After 5 or 6 seconds it became very bright, then it dimmed and there appeared to be a much dimmer light shoot out from the bottom.  A few seconds later it became bright again and a large burst of flame shot out in two directions and then it dimmed again.   It moved along for another 6 to 8 seconds, became brighter and there was another burst of flame.  It then dimmed and moved further north out of visual range.  It looked very much like a satellite if not for the burst of flame and change in brightness.  A few moments later, I saw another light, which was clearly a satellite with no bursting flames or changes in brightness.;42.9388;-71.1837
