Strange light in sky moving erratically, stopping abruptly and changing directions.;2010-07-17 22:00:00;10 minutes;Strange light in sky moving erratically, stopping abruptly and changing directions. I was attending a birthday party for my granddaughter in Lehi, UT on July 17, 2010.  At approximately 22:00 hrs, people were gathering in the front yard, preparing to leave.  Someone said, “Hey, look at that!  What is it?”   Everyone (more than 15 people—adults and children) looked toward the eastern sky to see what it was.  We observed what appeared to be a white light that was moving very strangely.  It would go to the right, then the left, circle and up and down.  It was able to stop abruptly before it changed directions.  I’m not sure exactly how far away it was, as there was nothing to accurately gauge it by.  It also appeared to have lights that changed from white to blue to red or purple.  Finally, after about 10 minutes it just seemed to disappear.  I got up the next morning and looked at the local news online to see if anyone had reported seeing this same thing.  No luck there.  However, I searched You Tube to see if by chance anything was there, and! to my surprise there was!  Someone who lives in Spanish Fork, UT, which is about 15-20 miles south of Lehi, UT, had witnessed what appeared to be the same object that we all had witnessed only it had been seen above Spanish Fork about 15 minutes or so earlier.  They did capture this on video however it’s a little shaky but looks to be the same object. .  In the video it also looked to be about the same distance away as when we observed it.  If interested, you can find that video on You Tube titled, “Friendly Neighborhood UFO.”;40.3938336065574;-111.848722131147
Two red lights fixed in the sky one of them started sendind or emiting white pulses downwards.;2011-01-18 21:45:00;15 minutes;Two red lights fixed in the sky one of them started sendind or emiting white pulses downwards. My testimony:  Today at about 21:45 at the interception of 2450 N 300 W in front of the Lehi city warehouses and municipal building about 200-300 meter behind them and about 700 m ( less than 2000 feet) above in the sky I saw 2 bright red (with a hint of orange) lights. They were separated about 1.5 - 2 of my fists if I would extend my arm and use them as measurement on how far apart they where and they were fixed in place.  I went walking tonight because it was warm enough as I always do when the weather permits.  I was just a few blocks from home crossing the street when all of the sudden I look to my left and I saw two red lights near and above the sky.  At first I thought to myself that they were a couple of new tall antennas caped by the red lights and I thought to myself how fast they were put in place.  I kept walking until I reach the other side of the street and started walking again going south when I notice that someone may have shoot up a firework up in the sky in the direction! of where the “antennas” where but upon looking the trail of light I realize that it was not a firework. Instead for a brief instant (as when someone tries to make sense of something that quite cannot explain) I thought that the trail of white lights must have been white lights installed in the antenna (only one of them) as a warning to aircrafts because they would light up like in a like sequence from the main red light on top to the bottom of what it seem at first as to be a mast. Upon looking closely to the white lights although they seem to be coming down from a cable from the main red light they were more likely now to what it can be describe as white pulses of light coming down in a straight fashion. At a rate of three at a time but later I realize that there was not really a predictable sequence. I realize that I was not looking at antennas either but it was something else.  At first I thought that they could be planes playing war games and throwing flares but the li! ghts where static and not moving while these white lights puls! es were coming down and descending rapidly from the main red light on the right. They may come in three at the time or one or two then three again but not in any order.  I could not deduct a pattern they seem unpredictable. The pulses were rapid and I could tell they were no flares since flares would have been more bright and will descend more slowly.  Some of these light pulses coming down now seem to reach the ground but I am not sure if they did. They almost look like charges of white electricity coming down of the main red object and they somewhat did resemble warning lights. As I say for a moment also seem to be descending from a cable at first but that was until other lights from the sides started coming down at an angle and they also came down from the main red light but going from the sides at an angle of 45 degrees aprox.  I notice that the red lights could not have been planes or helicopters I should have been able to hear if they were either planes or helicopters they wer! e close enough that I knew for a fact that they were noiseless and static on the sky for almost 30- 40 seconds until the entire white light pulses stop. These white lights were coming from the red object on the right and somewhat below the other object.  While the white pulses were coming down the object on the left move higher and almost on top of the other object from where the light pulses descended.  After the white light pulses stop I could perceive now that the red lights started to move higher and toward the north east very, very, slowly almost imperceptible I realized that definitely that was not helicopter or plane. Having lived in an airbase and worked for a helicopter’s company I know that that was not possible. Planes could not have flight as slow as these were moving and helicopters unless that they invented some kind of completely silent propeller they were just too close and they did not make any vibrations or noise. If they would have been flares the color w! ould not have been the pure white light of these pulses and th! ey would have descended slowly as they generally have parachutes and they also would have been much brighter since I have experience flares in the sky illuminating a training field while I trained in combat with the marines.  Chaffing also is more chaotic and disorderly if thrown from a plane what I mean is that the white pulse neither resembled chaffing.   At that moment my skepticism dropped although I was still looking for a logic to this I realize that whatever I was looking at was not “normal” or familiar, I called my brother while still the lights were moving almost imperceptibly slow toward the northeast and while talking to him the red lights they seem to stop and move backwards and for a moment and them came to a complete halt again in the sky.  They lights were not blinking at all but were continuous solid bright.  They could not be more than a mile away now. I put the size of the red light as the brightness of 10 Jupiter’s or like the brightness of a 60 watt light bulb abou! t 300 feet away.   While talking to my brother one of the lights simply vanished while the other remain there but within a minute or so the other red light vanished as well.  I am still looking to an explanation to what I saw and what those white pulsating lights were. Why they were coming down straight from the flying craft in a pulse like manner. I think that I saw two UFO’s tonight and I hate that there was none else in the street to observe what I saw.  I wonder if someone else in Lehi saw what I just experienced.  I wished I could have a camera at the time or someone else to corroborate my testimony.  I know that I saw these two red lights and I know there is not known aircraft in the military that can fly the way these two UFOs flew. I still wonder what the white pulses of light were and if there is some type of mark on the ground or evidence of these light reaching the ground or some type of material or trail left behind that can be found. I wish I would have the way! to get into that complex and investigate.  Regardless this is! my test imony. I know that what I saw is not normal. I now believe that UFO’s are real. I apologized to those that I ridiculed in the past.  If you ridicule me I would not blame you  I was one of you before tonight.;40.3938336065574;-111.848722131147
Not ISS...South to North light emits bright blue/white light over Lehi, Utah;2013-08-06 22:10:00;90 seconds;Not ISS...South to North light emits bright blue/white light over Lehi, Utah We were on our deck watching for the International Space Station which was to come into view at 22:09, passing WSW to NE.  We both spotted a light traveling almost overhead going from the South directly North.  This object was very high, but moved faster than any satellite we have seen.  As we have seen the ISS before, this light was not nearly as bright as we remembered.  As this light got almost overhead of us, it emitted an extremely bright blue/white light which lasted about a second...shorter than a camera flash.  It almost seemed like a short beam.  After the bright light we could still see the object continuing on to the north.   After about 20 seconds it faded out or just disappeared. Just after it disappeared we spotted the ISS traveling in the direction previously mentioned.  It was much brighter than the other light.  There was also a plane which had taken off from SLC International Airport, southbound, which was gaining altitude.  But the light moving ! S-N was much much higher.;40.3938336065574;-111.848722131147
Bright roudish object over Wasatch Mountain range.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));2014-06-29 04:20:00;30;Bright roudish object over Wasatch Mountain range. Right above the Wasatch mountain range to the east.  It was way too big/close to be a planet, very bright.  It shined on and didn't move.  The sun came up and all the stars disappeared but it shined brighter.  It stayed dormant for 30 minutes and then disappeared.   No planets reported to be seen this morning and it appeared just over the mountain range. ((NUFORC Note:  Sighting of Venus.  PD));40.3938336065574;-111.848722131147
Bright moving Lights ( looks like a distant plane until it doesn’t flicker or have flashing lights. It was going so so fast. And they w;2020-08-25 00:00:00;2 hours;Bright moving Lights ( looks like a distant plane until it doesn’t flicker or have flashing lights. It was going so so fast. And they would start out of nowhere and fly fast and disappear. Saw 6 different ones.;40.3938336065574;-111.848722131147
Bright white light that turned to red and vanished.;2021-03-17 20:50:00;5 minutes;Bright white light that turned to red and vanished. A light I thought was an aircraft. It was traveling South to Northeast. There were no indicator lights, no noise. I thought it might be a satellite but the light seemed too bright and appeared to belower than the satellites I've seen while star gazing. Steady rate of speed, no direction changes. The white light turned to a red color and then vanished. It was above normal aircraft altitude for this vicinity. Not sure what I saw.;40.3938336065574;-111.848722131147
