On 10/20/2020 at 9:18 PM, I had just returned from downtown Asheville, NC to my home located in rural Canton. Due to an owl whooting ou;2020-10-20 20:18:00;6-10 minutes;On 10/20/2020 at 9:18 PM, I had just returned from downtown Asheville, NC to my home located in rural Canton. Due to an owl whooting outside and my adult children wanting to hear it as well, we were standing on my front deck. Everyone was being very still and quiet, and actually paying attention for a change. I was admiring the beautiful clear night sky, which was clear and star filled, I  noticed a blinking light, I knew that we are passing thru the Hailey's Comet debris and I thought oh look maybe I can show my family a shooting star. After watching the Star/Meteor/Debris,it dawned on me that it shouldn't be taking this long for it to start to streak thru the sky, and why would it be colored, red wait now its blue. After repeatedly blinking and rubbing my eyes numerous times, and actually seeing it turn a long range of colors,  from red to blue, purplish,  yellow, golden, then a very bright glowing white. I asked my family, whom ! we range in age from 14 years to 48 years old, hey do you all see this to? I then pointed to what I was seeing, unanimous yes's from all. We all watched as it went completely across our field of vision, which thankfully we have a large area that is cleared of anything that could possibly inhibit our line of sight. I would give an absolutely 100% time frame, but I was so stunned by what I was seeing, that I stood there dumbfounded, for several minutes and then we all stood there and discussed what we had seen. I know the exact time of when I got home, due to being a business owner, I have to keep track of all my travel information for income taxes. One other interesting thing about this, my mother, who lives about 6 acres away from us, called me the next morning and asked me had I heard the loud booming sound last night, which none of us heard anything. Not sure if that has anything at all to do with this, but it was around the same time. I do know that we 100% saw something, I am a skeptical person,  and have never believed in Aliens or Unidentified Flying objects, but  I know that we saw a round/oval object that flashed at least 6 different colors or variations of those colors and flew above my family for at least 3 to 5 minutes at speeds that I have never seen or heard of before. One other interesting thing,  after reading several other reports from others, I  developed an intense throbbing headache,  which has not gone away since I witnessed the object, now it has been 4 days. I have taken Aleve, Advil, Tylenol pretty much anything that has ever worked before and it will not go away. All of the 5 of us, had a weird taste/smell, like when you get an IV and you sense the salinity thru your nose or taste buds, its like a very faint miles away skunky smell that also had a metallic taste. Also, several family members have also had other symptoms that are unusual, my 21 year old son can't sleep at all, he is usually a heavy sleeper that could sleep anywhere really. My 14 year old has the funky smell/ taste thing like I do as well as the splitting headache. My husband who is usually quiet has become a very irritable person,  who has a short temper and wants to argue with just about anyone or thing. So with all this, I'm still not sure what the hell we saw that night!;35.5116;-82.8365999999999
