Orange balls in pattern over gulf/Mobile Bay.;2014-04-23 20:08:00;10 minutes;Orange balls in pattern over gulf/mobile bay Fishing at Fort Gaines, 3 bright orange circles in a row sighted stationary to southwest over the gulf about 70 degrees above the horizon.  All three vanished at once after about 2 min of observing them.   Went back to fishing and kept an eye out, approx 15 min later reappeared, 4 this time , one split off after a minute then all vanished.   Orange in color, much larger diameter than stars.   Definitely not mars as it was solo and to our east.   Orion's belt visible at same time lower on horizon, so not that either.  Clear night, 70 degrees, excellent visibility, no cloud cover.;30.257;-88.105
5 lights in a up and down line going on one at a time then off one at a time.;2014-04-24 20:30:00;1 minute;5 lights in a up and down line going on one at a time then off one at a time. We were sailing from the Venice, Louisiana, area to Pensacola, Florida, in our Catamaran sailboat across the Gulf of Mexico.  The night was very clear and there were lots of stars.  One of us noticed a bright white light over their right shoulder up in the night sky, they turned forward to check the boats position on the instruments then looked back to see the light and it was gone.  The other one of us was asleep but came up on deck about 10 minutes later to check on everything.  We were both noticing the stars when a very bright yellow white light came on in the sky to our right(South,Southeast). Then another bright yellow white light came on right below it until 5 total lights were on, in a line down with a space in between each light.  Then in the same order they had come on, they went off one at a time. It lasted less than a minute. We asked each other if we had both seen the same thing, we described it to each other and each of us had seen the same thing.  The one of us that had been asleep stayed up a while longer to see if it was going to come back.  After about 5 to 10 minutes, we had seen nothing more so the one of us went back to the room to sleep a while longer. Almost immediately after leaving the deck, the lights came back, same pattern as before but this time they were over our starboard bow (Southeast) of the boat (front right side).  The one of us below deck saw the five lights go out, confirming that it was the same as before. We did not see any additional lights in the sky that night.  We did not hear any odd noises or notice any other oddities while seeing these lights. We also did not notice any other colors with these lights, they just appeared bright yellow white lights. We tried to rationalize the lights and decided it might be possible that a satellite may have been orbiting low in the Southern sky that night and maybe that was what we saw.  We also wondered if it was something odd flying from the Pensacola Air Force base, but we could not see any type of plane behind the lights.  We cannot find anything about a satellite but we did see a similar sighting mentioned on this website and on the web.  They sighted a pattern of lights off of Dauphin Island, Alabama, on March 23rd.;30.257;-88.105
Light near DAuphin IslandBridge;2014-05-08 21:00:00;30 seconds;Light near DAuphin IslandBridge On May 8th I was driving home from Mobile to Dauphin Island at approx. 8 :50 pm.   As I was approaching Harry's Bait Shop, to the right I saw 3 sets of 3  lights.  They were orange.  They were approx. at 2 oclock and were not that far away.  They came on 3 at a time in a horizontal  pattern.  3 then the other 3 and then the other 3, one after another.   I could see they were encased in something  like a light housing.  It's very hard to describe.  I could see the set of three light sitting in a row.  There was a piece of metal or something above them and below.  I could see no other outline.  They were over the water to the right of DI bridge.  They were bright and there  was no sound.  I slowed down and opened the window thinking it was a helicopter or something.  There were too large to be on a helicopter.  There was NO sound.  Then they were gone.  They did not fly away...they were just gone.;30.257;-88.105
