Very bright cluster of 3 lights moving slowly across the sky, flickering and changing colors.;2014-07-19 02:45:00;2 minutes;Very bright cluster of 3 lights moving slowly across the sky, flickering and changing colors Saturday Morning, 2:45am central time, Sugar Land Texas, just outside Houston TX.  I had some work to do late, and had just finished when I decided I would go outside and see how the weather looked.  There were low, broken clouds, moon partially obscured by the clouds. Clam winds. I saw what I thought was a life flight helicopter flying just above the tree line, but I noticed that the lights were solid red, no green, so as I continued to watch it, the light stopped.  It made a quick vertical circle, stopped again, and then started to flicker, then changed from bright red to bright blue, and continued to flicker at a high rate of speed.  There appeared to be 2 small white dots of light flickering in and out of the clouds near the red/blue light, but they would dart in and out of the clouds so quickly, it was hard to be sure. After the light hovered in the same spot for about 10 seconds, still flickering, still changing from red to blue and back, it changed to red and moved off slowly.  The entire sequence of events lasted about 1 minute and 20 seconds. I ran back inside to get my phone to take a video, but I could not get the video to play on the phone.  Kept giving an error code.  I will download it tomorrow to see if it will play on my desktop. The lights were totally silent, no noise at all.  I thought it might be a drone, but it was too high for it to be a toy, and because we live within 2 miles of the regional airport, drones are illegal. The most unusual thing was the brightness of the lights.  There were a piercing shade of blue and red, extremely bright, and they didn’t blink, they flickered and although predominantly red, they changed to blue intermittently.  The main light looked like a cluster of 3 lights stuck together, but they never flew independently or came apart.   The lights traveled south west, basically over Towne West Subdivision north of Sugar Land, and went in the direction of the Sugar Land airport.  Because it is a regional airport, there is rarely any traffic after 10pm at night, but there are 2 life flight helicopters that are stationed close by that make trips in the early morning hours, but you can hear them coming from a long way off.  These lights were completely silent.;29.5963204081632;-95.6148595238092
