april 16,2005 time 8:30pm bright white lights off towards the north east triangle shape lights;2005-04-16 20:30:00;10 seconds;april 16,2005 time 8:30pm bright white lights off towards the north east triangle shape lights i was out at my friends last nite we was in the backyard hanging out awhile nobody in the house smokes so to respect them i smoke outside we were outside for about half hour just talking and stuff  and when we got ready to go inside through the backdoor just above his rooftop to the northe ease a little we noticed these lights in the sky they were unlike anything either of us have ever seen before the shape of the lights were triangle but there were 4 to begin with then the 5th one came on as soon as the 1st light went off the 6th one came on  and the lights kept fading in and out like that and they were perfectly spaced as well what caught my eye though is everyone one of the lights were triangle in shape and looked as though they were forming a circle shape  but this entire sighting lasted for only about 10 seconds then it was gone my heart started really racing because i have never in my life seen anything like this at all neither did my friend  we ran through his house to see if we could see it better from the front yard/street by the time we ran through the house to the street it was already gone we went inside to get his mom to look she went to the backdoor to look also but it was already gone by that time  the entire event lasted about 10 seconds or what we seen of it anyway hard telling how long it was there actually we really wasnt paying much mind to the sky till we got ready to head back inside it was really wild  what we seen and also the lights were very bright white lights looked like spotlights real high in the sky i still dont know what way it took off or anything because when it faded the last time it was like it had stealth on it or something thats how fast it faded to complete darkness again snap of a finget it was gone  really interesting and i have never seen anything like that in my life...;40.5996;-86.8802
Very dimly lit triangular-shaped object over Brookston, Indiana;2013-04-01 21:25:00;10 seconds;Very dimly lit triangular-shaped object over Brookston, Indiana At about 9:25 P.M. eastern time  Monday, April 1, 2013, I was outside letting my dogs out.  It was a very clear night and cold.  I was waiting on them to do their business and looking at the many stars and constellations.  I suddenly saw something to the west and at about a  60-70  degree angle up from the horizon.  It was a triangular shaped object moving in a straight line from slightly southwest to slightly northeast, but mostly south to north. It was difficult to see due to the dark coloring – slightly lighter than the night sky and dark brown/gray coloring.  There were extremely dim “lights” on the bottom – three at each corner – each grouping in a triangle shape – all a rusty red-orange color –very dim.  No blinking lights at all.  No sound before, during, or after.  It moved at a constant speed and fairly quickly.  I saw it for probably 10 seconds as I could only visualize it between two groupings of trees it was not bright enough to see when it moved farther northeast behind the second group of trees. I don’t know how big it was or how far away it was – I am not  good at judging this.  It appeared to me to be the size of 3-4 full moons (when it is directly overhead, not the huge moon size when it’s near the horizon).  I have seen a stealth plane fly directly overhead once before and this was nothing similar to it at all.  I have never seen anything like this before, but I hope to see this again someday.  Truly awesome!;40.5996;-86.8802
