A very bright, cluster of three lights, over the Windsor County, Vermont area.;2015-01-14 20:40:00;1-2 minutes;A very bright, cluster of three lights, over the Windsor County, Vermont area. On the evening of Wednesday, January 14, 2015, I got onto I-91 North from an exit just up from the intersection of Rt. 89 (NH/VT border).  Shortly after getting on the main highway, I noticed that there were breaks in the clouds, and that I could see stars in the sky.   I glanced out of the driver's side window (looking West), and noticed an extremely bright object, which I thought at first was a planet.  I kept looking, off and on, as I drove, and as I focused, I could make out that what I was looking at, was actually a cluster of three, very bright lights.   I had an urge to pull over to get a better look, but I had a truck behind me, and no good place to pull over.  As it was, I slowed down temporarily to almost 40 mph, in an effort to get a better look at this array of lights.   To aid in my view, I lowered the driver's side window, to avoid any glare.  It confirmed that I was seeing a tight cluster of three lights.  They appeared bright white, while at least one had some red in it.   The cluster seemed mostly to hover, although I did detect some slight movement. The size was about 1/3 of a dime, held at arm's length ( 3-5 times that of a bright star).  The cluster was about 35 - 40 degrees above the horizon.   I had no camera with me, nor binoculars, but in the hope of getting a better look, I doubled back at the (8 miles further) Thetford, VT, exit.  By the time I had returned to the area of sighting, cloud cover had moved in, and/or the object could not be located.   I wasn't going to report this, but after checking to see if others may have seen something similar, and discovering that there had been similar sightings around that date and area, I decided to report what I saw.   While I have no photos, a sighting reported, and photographed, in the Valley Forge, PA, area (reported on MUFON site) from around the same time, the first of that series of photos, looks very similar to what I saw.;43.6746;-72.3546
