Orange spheres spotted over Northwest suburbs of Illinois.;2013-06-21 22:00:00;10 minutes;Orange spheres spotted over Northwest suburbs of Illinois Seemed to be dull orange spheres that had hazy edges heading from south to north over Prospect Heights (Rt. 83 and Willow Rd.)  Partly cloudy skies but the moon was very bright. They were only one color (orange) and very easy to notice,  although they were a dull orange so to speak, they were very easy to see and follow.  Cannot tell how big they were or how high they were flying but I’m assuming they were below the cloud line at least for a little while. They were not in any particular pattern that I could see from my vantage point but seemed grouped pretty tightly but I was driving and lost them behind trees every once in a while.   Some were grouped closer together and some seemed to be lagging behind and strung out at the tail end.  All of them seemed to be flying in the same direction following the exact same trajectory and not spread out  to wide. I heard no noise, I would think from a fleet of airplanes or jets flying that close that engine noise from the group would be loud. Regardless, the lighting as a whole emanating from the objects, appeared to imply that the objects were fairly large, even if they were flying low, I can’t say that I could liken these to aircraft lighting as I’ve seen plenty of aircraft lights and are in comparison much smaller even at low altitudes. There were no other lights coming from the objects, certainly none of the colors you would see on conventional aircraft, only an overall orange glow.  They didn’t seem to be moving real fast but it was dark and I couldn’t really compare their speed to anything in the area, although it took me about 5 to 7 min to drive around the block by the time I got to the original area where I saw them, they were gone… all of them! They could have disappeared into the clouds.  I thought they might be candles or something but they just seemed too bright, too big, too round and were obviously moving faster than they appeared to be moving originally.  Maybe I’ll find out what they were eventually and it will turn out to be something not so extraordinary! But as of right now I can’t identify them as much as I’d like to.  Somehow my gut tells me that it’s something completely explainable although I’m not sure where that feeling is coming from.;42.1097;-87.9399
