Woman witnesses bizarre, brightly lighted object near Ft. Drum, NY.;2008-03-12 00:00:00;10 minutes;I just noticed the date of your e-mail, for some reason I just received it today. I am computer handicapped so I will just write here what i saw and thats the best i can do. On that night i just got in bed and started to read when i heard a noise outside, we have had sightings of Lynx in the area and I thought that's what i had heard so i got up and opened the shades and window to look out,not seeing anything i started to close the shade when a flashing light caught my eye. Let me tell you that I live one mile from Ft. Drum military base. The skies are always lit up with something going over and I am very familiar with all the planes and flares, and many exercises they perform during the year. At first I though it was a helicopter but after a few minutes I noticed it was not moving and there was no noise at all. The light was very bright like a strobe light, flashing very quickly.It was just above the tree line, if i had to guess i would say about a mile away not very high up.the size was about the same as the street lights that are around our complex if that makes any sense to you.Yet it was about a mile away so i can`t guess the size. anyways i kept looking atit and it just stayed in the one position pulsing very quickly, my binoculars were downstairs and i wanted to get the but i was afraid when i got back it would be gone, went down anyways and got back and it was still there. When i focused in on the light i was amazed at what i saw!!  it was swirling colors, light pinks, blues, yellows oranges, all i can liken it to is pictures of thee Northern lights i have seen,  the shades if you can picture them condensed into a small sphere, it was the most beautiful thing i have ever seen in my life!  Yet when i looked at the light with a naked eye you could see no colors at all! After about 7-8 minutes it started to move off to the east I followed with my binoculars until i could see it no more. Total duration was 10 minutes. I have for weeks gone through all your reports and a lot of other reporting stations and could not find anything similar to what I saw.  I have checked all militery flare sites which dont relly have many good pictures and I have talked to military personal here in the complex and they had never heard of any flares like this. I have checked into entertainment strobe lighting, ball lightning, swamp gas, holograms, lazers, i have gone the gambit, just nothing i can compare it to. Hopefully somebody else has seen this and can answer my question!  What was it?! I think about it all the time and its driving me nuts not knowing! Thanks for listening! ((name eleted)) P.S. i am ((deleted)) years old.;44.0027;-75.7924
