Close view of large two-level object within 50 feet on clear night at tree top level;2012-08-05 01:00:00;2 minutes;Close view of large two-level object within 50 feet on clear night at tree top level I opened the front door to let my dog out.  At the end of our street is a small wooded tree area.  An object came from behind the house at the end of the street.  It barely flew over the trees and was clearly visible.  It was a clear, cloudless night.  The object appeared to be oval & made no sound at all, not even a hum.  Separating the two levels were long, tall, red & white alternating lights.  Before I saw the craft, I heard laughter coming from the trees that sounded like little kids going, Hee hee hee.    As soon as the object passed over the trees, the laughing stopped.  It was coming from the north & headed south.  going very slow.  The object went straight for less than 30 feet then turned to the right towards the west.  When it turned it didn't turn like a plane would, dipping it wings.  It just made a perfect, level turn & followed the path of the street across from my house, then slowly disappeared.   The next day I saw the owners of the home outside! & I said this to them, I was just wondering if anyone heard or saw anything unusual last night.  And the man said to me, Oh, if you mean the UFO's, they fly over here all the time.  Although we live near an air national guard base/small airport, the object was too large to land at this airport. I know what I saw that night, and it was definitely not from this world.;39.3055;-76.4517999999999
Close view of large two-level object within 50 feet on clear night at tree top level;2015-08-05 01:00:00;2 minutes;Close view of large two-level object within 50 feet on clear night at tree top level I opened the front door to let my dog out.  At the end of our street is a small wooded tree area.  An object came from behind the house at the end of the street.  It barely flew over the trees and was clearly visible.  It was a clear, cloudless night.  The object appeared to be oval & made no sound at all, not even a hum.   Separating the two levels were long, tall, red & white alternating lights.  Before I saw the craft, I heard laughter coming from the trees that sounded like little kids going, Hee hee hee.  As soon as the object passed over the trees, the laughing stopped.   It was coming from the north & headed south.  Going very slow.  The object went straight for less than 30 feet then turned to the right towards the west.  When it turned it didn't turn like a plane would, dipping it wings.  It just made a perfect, level turn & followed the path of the street across from my house, then slowly disappeared.   The next day I saw the owners of the home outside! & I said this to them, I was just wondering if anyone heard or saw anything unusual last night.  And the man said to me, Oh, if you mean the UFO's, they fly over here all the time.   Although we live near an air national guard base/small airport, the object was too large to land at this airport.   I know what I saw that night, and it was definitely not from this world.;39.3055;-76.4517999999999
