We saw a giant ball of light and lighting and some people like things moving around.;1994-06-01 02:00:00;4 hours;We saw a giant ball of light and lighting and some people like things moving around. It was the summer of 1994, me and my friend Greg where camping on my parents land. We where in the tent and Greg had fallen asleep, I saw through the masquito netting what looked to be lighting. So I went out to put the tarp over the tent. When I got out of the tent I saw what looked to be a giant ball of lighting with lights coming out of it. I kicked ((name deleted)) to make him get up and told him to come see. When he got out I asked him what the hell is that? He said I don't know what to go check it out. So we got our flash lights and started walking across the Pasteur to see what it was. It was a good 300yards away. It did not move the whole time we walked toward it. It was off my parents land in a pine thicket and even when we got close to it, it still looked like a big ball of light and lighting. we had turned our flashlights off because it was lighting up the pasture and the trees. When we got to the gate to cross over in to the other Pasteur owned by ((name deleted)) and go to the pine thicket (maybe 20 yards away now) we turned our lights on to see to undo the wire. When we did it vanished like someone turned it out. That spooked us and we decided to go back to camp. We had walked maybe 200 feet when ((name deleted)) told me to stop and listen. I did and I could hear some rustling in the grass. We looked around with our flash lights for a few minutes and ((name deleted)) said look there. I turned and could see maybe 6 to 8 shadows moving in ((name deleted)) Pasteur coming toward the fence (The looked kinda like people to me) ((name deleted)) turned to me to say should we run but I was already on my way back to camp. I got back to camp a few seconds before ((name deleted)) and we got in the tent and zipped it up. We did not sleep well the rest of the night and we where awaken a few times by strange noises. When it got to be day light we broke camp and got the hell out of there. Neither one of us has ever seen anything like that before or since. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));33.1088;-94.1685
STRANGE LIGHTNING;2005-01-15 03:20:00;2 hours;Hello! Please look this up.  We finally had a rain storm about mid-month in the middle of the night and still no cold weather to speak of, and there came a very strange lightning storm without claps of thunder, but rolling thunder and it was the brightest lightning I have ever seen in 61 years of my life.  It was blinding.  I went under the bed covers!  No one mentioned it the next day. ((NUFORC Note:  One of several reports from this witness.  PD));33.1088;-94.1685
Boomerang shape over Atlanta, Tx -October 2005;2005-10-13 23:30:00;15 Seconds;Boomerang shape over Atlanta, Tx -October 2005 I was out walking my dog.  Weather conditions were chilly and clear.   I looked up to admire the stars, and saw a boomerang-shaped object slowly moving South (parallel to Tx. Rt. 59.)  It did not make any sound.  The object appeared to have lights evenly spaced along its perimeter.  The lights were white/amber colored.  I stood with my mouth hanging open, watching it move over me and towards the south.  Interestingly enough, my dog promptly sat down and stared up at the object as well!  After about 15 seconds, it speeded up and disappeared over the Walmart on Route 59 (as best as I could tell.)  Since that night, the dog's behavior has changed when he is out in the backyard at night, on his tether.  He appears to not like being out at night, which is a change for him. A few weeks after this sighting of...whatever it was, we have begun to experience intermittent episodes of neighborhood dogs going crazy and barking at no visible stimuli, almost on cue, in the evening.  I have also been startled by what sounds like small footsteps pattering behind me, when I go outside after dark. This tends to coincide with the dogs going nuts. All this is very creepy. I am a Ph.D grad student, and not given to flights of imagination. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));33.1088;-94.1685
6 lights seen in East Texas. Moving strangely;2019-03-14 22:30:00;10 minutes;6 lights seen in East Texas Moving strangely It was 22:28 Thursday the 14th this March.  I was waiting outside for my girlfriend to show up, and I looked up to take in the night sky.  I’m used to aircraft flying over the area, it’s semi remote, and off towards the Bivins area (south and slightly west of where I was) was a grouping of six lights.  000 000  At first I thought it was a drone, or some sort of aircraft, because Barksdale AFB isn’t super far, and they have a lot of aircraft down there.  I watch it kind of slowly make it way south west, still not sure what to make out of it yet, and then it suddenly turns a sharp west, and slightly increased speed.  That was when I figured out that this wasn’t some formation of craft, but a single, seemingly large craft, because the way it turned was like a zero turn mower if you improved their turning radius even more. The observer is an Army Veteran, and College student, majoring in Business Administration.;33.1088;-94.1685
