UFO Over Burson, California - 2010.;2010-02-15 20:30:00;1 minute;UFO Over Burson, California - 2010 In February 2010, I had taken my dogs outside to take thier last potty break for the night. I sat on my front porch steps and lit a smoke. When you sit on my porch, you are looking South.  About a 1/2 mile away there is a hill that's pretty high. On the hill there are numerous oak trees, most of which are old and stand about 40 to 50 feet high. I was sitting on my porch for about 4-5 minutes, and from behind the hill, a large object rose up to about a 1/4 mile above the hill.  It had a ring of colored lights around it: red, green, blue, purple, orange and yellow.  I could not see the craft as it was night, but I saw these lights. It took me a few seconds to try and figure out what it was (UFO was the last thing on my mind), but all of a sudden, all the lights started flashing on and off at random around this thing.  At this point, the lights lit the body of the object, it was approximately 50 feet across and I can see it was silver and metallic and that it was shaped like a flying suacer. I immediately stood up and said, Holy ((deleted))! That's a ((deleted)) UFO!  I then walked to my driveway, which was about 20 feet from my porch, to move into a clearing between the trees to get a clearer view of it. About the time I reached my driveway, it went back down behind the hill.  After about 5 seconds, it rose back up to where it was before with the lights still flashing.  And soon after, the lights went out and it was dark.  Then a few seconds later, the lights came on 1 by 1 around this object and it moved in a SW direction.  At this point it stopped and it had moved only about 2 seconds and it was about half the size that it was before it had moved.  I figured it had to have moved pretty far, pretty fast to reduce the size to about 25 feet across. It then kind of wobbled and shot up at a 45 degree angle, uber fast, and stopped.  Then the lights started flashing again, and again I could see the silver metallic look and it took off so fast, it look like it stretched and vanished.  Through this whole ordeal, this thing never made a sound at all. Sound carries out here as it is a rural area. I saw nothing else like that before nor since that night.  This whole experience lasted about 1 minute from when I first saw it, until it vanished. At first, I questioned if I was hallucinating, or just plain out of it and was imagining it.  I went back in the house, and my daughter called me.  She lived about an hour east of me in a town in the mountains called Pine Grove.  As soon as i answered the phone, she said Holy ((word deleted)) Dad, I just saw a UFO!.  I told her that I had just seen one too.  We both talked about what we had seen, and it turned out, she had just watched the same thing I did.  That made my whole night knowing that she saw it too from an hour away from me.  So I wasn't crazy!  It is so etched into my brain, that it seems like it just happened yesterday.  I would love to see that again, only next time, I would like to meet the occupants!;38.1892;-120.8953
