A huge band of slightly rectangular lights appx 300degrees NW sky appeared out of thin air and looked extremely CLOSE!;2018-05-17 21:00:00;10-12 seconds;A huge band of slightly rectangular lights appx 300degrees NW sky appeared out of thin air and looked extremely CLOSE! At approximately 8:30 to 8:45 p.m. on Thursday May 17, 2018, I was in my backyard in Rio Rico, Arizona.  I was on the phone with a friend from San Diego.  I witnessed several strange anomalies in the western sky while I was on the phone with her.  Things like, what looked like silvery/white lights that at first I thought were airplanes but could not possibly have been because they were not blinking.  Solid light.  They were stationary for periods of time and then would move up, down, then move in a straight line then move diagonally and up and down then completely disappear like someone flipping a light switch.  This went on for around 30 minutes on and off. At around somewhere between 9:00 to 9:30 p.m., the unthinkable occurred.  I had my eyes fixated on the more North Western part of the sky, and it was very dark out because the new moon had already dipped below the horizon, but several stars were visible in the night sky, and in the EXACT location where my eyes were looking, a huge, I mean GARGANTUAN formation of lights appeared in a long BAND.  It just appeared as though, again, someone had flipped a light switch.  Like, it was not there and then suddenly THERE!  It seemed extremely close to me, like no more than a football field away up there.  It was stationary, did not move from its location, however, it did many odd things that will be difficult to describe, but I will try. The object was perfectly visible to me and the experience lasted, to the best of my recollection, for about 10, maybe 12 or so seconds.  A rather long time! During this time, the following occurred very quickly:  The band of lights looked somewhat like an engagement ring, with a big light in the center and three slightly smaller lights on either side for a total of 7 lights.  They were perfectly visible and SQUARE…but perhaps not entirely square, more on the rectangular side, yet almost square.  Then…the band of lights did a really odd “morphing” type of thing (for lack of a better way to describe it), where it seemed to become “one” long band of light for a split second and then when it returned to separate rectangles again, the object seemed CLOSER to me.  It did this 3 times and on the 3rd time, it seemed ever so much closer to me than when it appeared the first time and I CLEARLY saw a slight shadowy structure around the rectangular band of lights!  But it had no color…just a darkness that seemed to fill in the spaces and it looked very “saucer-like” in an obscure way.  THEN...I became acutely aware that it was aware me ME, all in a couple of seconds of time before it did the fol! lowing:  each of the lights blinked of and on in a nonsensical way, then all of the lights were back on and then in a flash, it completely disappeared. I used to listen to a lot of Linda Moulton Howe back in the day, so I immediately had the presence of mind to assess how large the object would be if I held something in between my thumb and index finger and stretched my arm out as far as it could go, up against the night sky.  So, if you had one of those clear plastic Bic Pens, with the blue cap on, and took the cap off, and held it in the aforementioned manner, THAT is how big this damn thing was!  It was HUGE. One more tidbit:  Last year, in 2017, at around the same time of year as I recall, my husband and I saw a LOT of anomalous activity in the very same sky where we lived then, and now.  I had another experience with the same kind of “engagement ring” band of light, but it was fully in the Western sky as opposed to the NW.  But, this band was only 5 lights and they were a fiery brilliant orange color.  The ones from last night were totally white.  And like last night, the experience from last year also caused me a strange feeling of “it is aware of me” because it was coming towards me, just like last nights experience. To conclude, I know a few people in this area, who have also seen many strange anomalies in our Rio Rico Arizona skies.  I did not report last years events.  But the one that happened last night was so huge and so blatant and so incredibly amazing that I felt I really needed to share it.  It is a couple of days later as I write this and it is still bothering me to know that I saw what I saw.  I feel very strange.  It made absolutely no sense at all.  It left me with the feeling that something had occurred on an inter-dimensional level.  There was no sound.  My mind does not know how to process this.  Thank you for your time and consideration. PS!  A side note I almost forgot to include! I tried to film it with my iPhone, but the video button portion was completely missing!  I tried to use the photo feature, but when I pressed it NOTHING HAPPENED! I quickly gave up because I did not want my eyes to miss anything.  After the event was over, and my poor friend on the other end of the line had to listen to me kind of freaking out and asking me a ton of questions about what was happening, the camera feature in my phone would still not work at all and the video button was still missing.  After I ended the call, I rebooted my phone and still, the video portion of my phone’s camera was NOT THERE…and nothing worked.  At bedtime, at around midnight, I plugged my phone into the charger and fell asleep.  I had a horrible nightmare about the event and when I woke up, it was the first thing on my mind.  When I unplugged my iPhone from the charger, the first thing I did was go straight to my camera and lo and behold, the video ! button had returned and everything worked as normal.  Just FYI!;31.5084;-111.0757
