A long hexagon shaped object crossed the sky just north of Pittsburgh,PA, with heading northeast and moving at a speed that I estimate ;1997-12-16 19:55:00;3 to 4 minutes;Summary : A long hexagon shaped object crossed the sky just north of Pittsburgh,PA, with heading northeast and moving at a speed that I estimate to be around 50 knots. I saw the object cross the sky on Tuesday night(12/16) at around 7:55 PM EST. It was dark outside but the sky was complete clear except for stars(The moon was still below the horizon). I was looking out the window when I saw what appeared at first to be a low flying airplane, but the shape was odd. As it came closer I could tell it wasn't a plane so I grabbed a pair of binoculars from my closet and headed outside to take a look. By this time the object was coming directly over my house. It was a long hexagon shaped object with 6 large lights and several smaller illuminations. The two lights at the end points of the object were red, while the four lights that made up the center of the object were white. In the inner surface of the object were what looked like a smaller ring of lights, but the were very dim. These lights on the object were different from what a normal aircraft lights look like. First off, they did not blink. Second, the appeared diffused like the light from a LED, not the bright bulb type lights that you would see on a airplane. While the object was at a fairly high altitude I was able to see the actual body of the object. It was definitely a solid mass, hexagon in shape. I couldn't make out anything on the surface but it appeared to be a dark grey or black. The total time I could see the object was about 4 minutes. It didn't seem to be moving very fast but it velocity and direction were constant. The object also made almost no noise. I live 25 miles from Pittsburgh Intl. Airport so a lot of plane fly over head at a fairly frequent pace and you can hear the engine drone from miles away, but this thing made only a slight hum even as it flew away. If you would like a more in-depth description or drawing of what I saw let me know by e-mail and I can call or fax your office. I don't know if that makes any sense or not, or if you have had any other reports from the part of the country. I don't know what it was I saw but I can say for almost certain that it was not a airplane and not a blimp.;40.5672;-79.9708
