Very small object seen above north park lake in pittsburgh,;2007-04-06 23:15:00;3 minutes;Very small object seen above north park lake in pittsburgh, We were driving by north park, right by the drying up lake, when on the other side we saw what seemed like high beams shining directly at us.  It was strange because there isn't a road passing directly from that angle to get a light from that direction.  Looking low across that way we saw a very small area of light shining on the lake, definitely not a moon or star shine, very direct and focused, like a very high powered flashlight shining on one specific spot of the water for probably about 15 seconds.  We were stopped in the road previously, but pulled over at this point to the no parking, jogging lane.  We thought it was a helicopter with no thought of it being anything more than the police looking for some convict who idiodicly jumped in a freezing lake.  But there was not a sound to be heard, literally nothing but wind and the sound of ourselves walking and breathing.  I was then focused on how intense the beam was on the water, by that I mean that I could actually see some detail beneath the murky water, which I never noticed before on a clear day, yet alone at night.  This didn't last much longer before the light dimmed significantly and moved towards the edge of the lake, past the top of a pavilion close to the edge of the lake and moved off over the trees in the opposite direction.  I'm just guessing time but this whole period was very short, enough to for us to pull over and walk out of the car to move closer by moving over the guard rail and towards the lake thorough the narrow line of trees.  Then my friend said that the light is over there and pointed up above the trees, I felt like an idiot for not noticing until now but the source was right above us just barely over the treeline on the opposite side of the lake, which was only about 200 yards or so from where we were standing, if that.  Now I don't know if it really moved away as it seemed and this was another one, or it was the same with a roving light source  The thing itself couldn't have been large enough for any norma! l sized human being to even come close to fitting inside of.  It was miniscule, not much bigger than the size of a large streetlight and it definitely was not part of a larger object.  It then turned from white to a darker amber shade, but was still bright and very noticeable, but there didn't seem to be any noticeable direct light shining off onto any objects around us at this point.  The only point that was noticeable now was the source itself  Then it slowly started to move off to the side, moved down below the treeline, back up above, then moved slightly faster, but still slowly, away from us.  I'm not sure if it just turned off, disappeared, or we just lost sight in the trees at this point, but that is the last I saw of it.  We drove over to the other side after this and went right down below where it was.  Maybe we just couldn't notice in the dark, but nothing seemed out of the ordinary to any of our senses.  Literally, it passed barely over the treeline here, but nothing was out of the ordinary to direct sight or smell.  The three of us were 100% free of all intoxicants except for diet cokes (caffeine) from dinner at a local restaurant at this point.  The one glass of wine I've had to this point has only been half enjoyed while I am writing this.  I thought it very strange by the size of the light/object and now that I've had time to think about it I'm wondering if the light we saw on the lake was in fact this object itself, or a light shining down from this object while it was above the trees.  I've only read about strange objects this size in connection with crop circles, but we've never had anything remotely like that in this area and this didn't seem to be causing that type of phenomenon in any way whatsoever.  If anyone has seen these in the area, or knows more about what this might be we would be very interested in hearing about it.;40.5672;-79.9708
