glowing red shapeshifting ball sighted early morning;1988-05-15 08:00:00;2 minutes;glowing red shape-shifting ball sighted early morning I got to the school bus stop before anyone else that morning.  It was a clear day and the sun was up.  No clouds, very clear and crisp day.  Upon putting my bag down I noticed what could best be described as a glowing red ball in the sky.  It was about half the size of a full moon.  I watched it for about 30 seconds and it was completely still with no sound.  I ran through all the possibilities in my head of what it could be, and can say with confidence it was not an plane, helicopter, planet, balloon, or secret military aircraft unless they have started making perfectly round glowing red ones. All of a sudden, after about 45-60 seconds it starts moving left slow at first then faster.  It also becomes flatter as it moves.  I started walking up the street to keep it in my line of sight, and after about a quarter mile I ran back to the bus stop to catch it on the other side of some tall trees.  It was gone. That was about 15 years ago, and I have never seen anything in the sky since that I could not explain.  I remember this event like it was yesterday.  I still cannot account for what it could have been. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));40.5672;-79.9708
UFO Seen In Allison Park, PA along Rt.8;2003-06-02 01:30:00;45 Seconds;UFO Seen In Allison Park, PA along Rt.8 I was driving home from my girlfriend's house (100% sober) along Rt. 8 going south. Right before the intersection with McCully Rd., I noticed a bright white light to my right, above some trees. At first, I assumed it to be a helicopter with bright lights on, so I turned off my radio, put my window down, & slowed down to investigate further. There was no sound, and if it was a helicopter, it would have made a noise, judging by the fact that it was no higher than 200 feet or so above the trees. It was at a standstill, and did not move, but changed colors from red to green to blue to white along the equator of the object. I live only 2 minutes away, so I thought I would see it at home as well, but when I got there, I looked in that direction, & there was nothing. My car didn't stop, and no one else was on the road but me. This is the 2nd time I've seen an object in the sky in this general area. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.5672;-79.9708
