Two red fireballs fell from the sky while I was out praying.;2012-06-18 23:00:00;seconds;Two red fireballs fell from the sky while I was out praying. I have three strange occurances to report on three different nights at the same location. I work at night and often go out to pray or muse under the stars. The first strange occurance was a couple weeks ago. I see planes a lot. They are colored and blink and easy to identify. Something came over that was a straight white light. Not blinking. Very bright. No noise heading in a straight line south to north. Due north and NOT west or east in any way. I watched it from one end of the sky to the other. North of us a couple hours drive is an airforce base with stealth fighters and bombers. I assumed it was one of these.  The next occurance was Monday June 18, 2012. Once again I was out praying and in the tradition of the early church fathers I face due east. In front of me a very large red or orange fireball fell from the sky. I see shooting stars every once in awhile but this was odd because of it's size and color. I finished praying and got up and turned around when another fell due west of where I had been kneeling. The exact same size and color.  The third thing I would report is probably nothing. I assume they are satelites but the amount of them are getting ridiculous. I see the occasional satelite. Usually dull white travelling at a decent pace across the sky. Sometimes they shine a bit brighter for a few seconds and then dull down again before disappearing. Over the last week when out praying I have noticed a very large amount of these things. Usually I'd see one every couple nights or so but tonight I seen four in one spot. Two travelling one direction and two the other on north/south trajectories. Two almost crossed on top of each other. I have been noticing a continual flow of these in the same pathway across the sky for the last week to two weeks. Tonight I counted, a dozen or so. Way more than any other times and I've been watching the sky in my nightly prayer for several years.;37.4011;-94.1011
