Object raised vertically from lake and zips off horizontally like a lightning bolt.;1978-10-15 19:00:00;10 seconds;Object raised vertically from lake and zips off horizontally like a lightning bolt. I was married to another engineering student at University of Idaho and I had just graduated with degrees in Chemical Engineeering and Chemistry and her in Mining Engineering. I was interested in UFOs and felt most were explainable and I was uncertain about the rest.   We were renting a house from my parents which is on the north side of Coeur d' Alene Lake, four miles east of Coeur d' Alene, Idaho.  We had just eaten dinner and walked out onto the front deck which overlooked the lake.  It was after sunset and still light outside.   We were looking out over the lake when a greenish-white glow appeared under the surface of the water.  An object raised vertically out of the water, water running off, it was oval and difficult to make out the exact outline of the object due to the light it gave off and was about the size of a semi-trailer which is only a rough guess.   The object rose vertically for an estimated several hundred yards to where it was above our horizontal line of site and southwest of us.  The object stopped for a second or two and the next thing we saw was a straight white tapering line of white light going from the last point we saw the object going horizontally out over the northwest horizon as a thread thin white line. It appeared that whatever it was accelerated instantly to a speed that made it appear like a straight white bolt of lightning, only that it tapered to invisibly thin over the horizon.   I personally never talked to anyone about this until three years after the event occurred because I was so shocked by how unreal it was and that my mind had no reference for such an event such as objects raising from a lake vertically and then zipping off horizontally like a lightning bolt.  We heard no sound whatsoever from whatever this was.  I have never even heard of reports like mine from anyone, so it has now been an unsolved puzzle in my mind for over thirty years that has only served to make me wonder what on earth is going on and only fueled my quest for knowledge on the subject of UFOs which, as a scientist/engineer, I take very very seriously and would love to see the human race as a whole get to the bottom of this and with full open cooperation of universities and governments, which unfortunately has not happened and is a disgrace.;47.7173427152318;-116.782926821192
Strange oval shaped object that i saw off of my patio.;2014-05-22 03:23:00;30-35 seconds;strange oval shaped object that i saw off of my patio As I stepped out onto my patio I looked up into the clear night sky and i saw a bright light moving across the sky.  I grabbed my binoculars and focused onto the light.  It appeared to be oval shaped with one large white light in the middle.  The light in the middle of the object appeared to be the only light that I could see on the object.  The object was also very low in the sky, as it passed over the top of me, I noticed that the light in the middle of the object made it appear to be shiny.   I continued watching the object, as it went away from me I noticed the moon in the east and the object at this time was actually bigger than the moon.  I continued watching it as it continued going east.  The object originated in the west sky, while watching the object continue east, it slightly turned and started heading southeast until it faded out of site. i would estimate the time frame to be around 25-30 seconds.  The object made absolutely no noise what so ever.   At one point I dropped the binoculars down to see if i could actually see the object with my naked eye, it seemed possibly 100-150 feet above me.  I would estimate the size of the object to be the size of a lear jet or helicopter.  The size of the object was kind of hard to exactly determine because of the speed of which it was traveling.;47.7173427152318;-116.782926821192
Oval craft seen passing in front of moon;2019-07-12 20:25:00;30 seconds;Oval craft seen passing in front of moon I was remarking to my wife last night how amazing the moon looked.  It was about 3/4 full but very crisp and clear in the sky.  It was overcast around the moon and as I was looking at the moon an off white oval looking craft was flying faster than airplane.  I was curious because there were no con trials behind the craft.  I have seen satellites at night and this craft was traveling about as fast.  I watched it as it approached the clouds that were pretty high in elevation and the craft went behind them.  The cloud cover went as far as I could see so I did not see the craft after going behind the clouds.  The craft did change to a darker shade just before going behind the clouds so I though maybe it was going into the earth's shadow.  I certainly can say it was not the shape of any aircraft I have seen and that is why I am reporting it.  I pointed it out to my wife but she didn't see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.7173427152318;-116.782926821192
