Globular formation of 5-7 bright ball lights seen first and last as shooting stars by driver on I-70 near Vail, Co.;2006-10-01 23:15:00;2-3 min.;Globular formation of 5-7 bright ball lights seen first and last as shooting stars by driver on I-70 near Vail, Co. I was driving east on I-70, about at least five miles west of Vail, with little traffic or light pollution in the area at the time.  I had napped previously, so was not drowsy.  I happened to look up at the bright stars in the clear sky and noticed what looked like a group of shooting stars coming down from the extreme upper right cornerof my field of vision (traveling fast, from SW to NE).  I expected them to fizzle out, but, instead, they halted and a globular formation of probably five to seven bright, white balls appeared, perfectly spaced.  They hovered high above the highway, to the south of it,  each ball appearing much larger than an aircraft, smaller than the moon, not blinking but shimmering somewhat. I pulled the car over and watched as they hovered there, appearing to be at about the height of a helicoptor, with no apparent change in color and no sound.  Suddenly, the group of lights disappeared, then reappeared very quickly to the north side of the highway--as if they had just shifted in unison, apparently not changing configuration at all.  After a few seconds longer, they just shot off abruptly to the NE, rising at about a 45 angle--just as they had appeared, but reversing the pattern and looking again like shooting stars.  It left me awe-stricken. I reported this on another site, but never heard back from them, then finally contacted a group headquartered in Denver and have just been told to check your site for the many other sightings of similar ball-shaped lights which occured over Colorado at just about this same time.  I was stunned to read all of these reports, but also gratified to have some confirmation that others may have seen the same thing. I have never seen a UFO before, but I firmly believe that to be the only possible explanation for what I know I saw.  I am a high school teacher who works in Denver but I commute on weekends to my family home in Montrose I know the route well.  This area is agricultural, with few buildings around but is near the Eagle River and about 10 miles from the airport in that county.  (The other site asked about such proximities).;39.6382;-106.6206
