I saw what looked to be a nearly stationary private jet in mid-air, and an aircraft 3 hours later that I can not identify.;2011-01-28 22:30:00;Two events, 3 hours apart;I saw what looked to be a nearly stationary private jet in mid-air, and an aircraft 3 hours later that I can not identify. On the night of January 28th, 2011 and the early morning of January 29th, 2011 I and another person, my long time friend,  witnessed two events about three hours apart. 10:30-11:10 pm   I was driving heading East out of Comstock, MI, towards Galesburg, MI when my friend and I she being the passenger, were witness to our first incident of the night. We noticed a somewhat bright light in the sky ahead of us, on the left side of the road. At first I thought it was a star, but when we got a bit closer I realized it was too big to be a star and I realized that it was not one light I was seeing but 3 lights in a triangular pattern. I also noticed a green light on the starboard wing and a red light on the port-side wing.  It looked to be a private jet, seemingly stationary at an altitude of less than 2,000 ft.  IF it was moving, (with my somewhat minimal knowledge of physics) I have no idea how that private jet was able to generate enough lift to stay airborne.  I'm sure this plane was a private jet.  Both my friend and I agree that it was a private jet.  The only thing we somewhat disagree on is if the craft was actually moving very slowly, or staying completely stati! onary.  We witnessed this airplane for about 20 seconds, as I was going 55 mph (I know this also factors into whether the plane was actually stationary or not), and I sped up going East, the plane was pointed due West, to get to a gas station so I didn't run out, so we could get back.  Needless to say, when we went back, it was gone. 1:52 am   First of all, I'm sure of the exact time because I had not gone to sleep and had staring at the clock intently since 1:21 am because I thought I had seen my clock malfunctioning and going backwards.  I sat up in bed in looked out my window facing due West and the only words I could mutter were, “There's a light in the sky.”  Immediately, my friend sat up as well and we gazed upon this craft heading towards us heading Northeast.  I noticed it had a green light on the starboard wing and a red light on the port-side wing. This craft as well was flying at an altitude of lower than 2,000 ft, though  higher than the jet from earlier. My friend suggested that I open the window. (Genius.)  When the craft came closer however I noticed that it was white, had very small wings, that looked to be made of a different material than the main body of the plane.  The craft had no visible means of a conventional propulsion system. That is to say that, it had no jet engines, and it had no propellers.  It made a sound, similar to a jet engine, yet more...”controlled”. The sound wasn't as abrasive as a jet engine, and much, much quieter.  The craft seemed not to be flying at the speed of sound yet my friend and I agree that the sound seemed to “hover” right behind the craft.  That is to say that it wasn't going the speed of sound, but the same sonic effect in the air.  I had my little brother ask my neighbors if they had heard a jet go over the house at 2 am.  They replied, that they had heard nothing.  I assume that if a jet was flying over a house, in a town of around 2,000 people, at such a low altitude they would hear it, needless to say, they didn't, yet we heard a distinct sound.  The craft was flat white, that is to say that whatever color was put on the material of the craft was not glossy.  It had two lights located next to the wings either side of the craft 180 degrees apart.  It was triangular in shape (to simply that it was a triangle or triangular doesn't do the c! raft justice I believe) and widened in the back, the rear extr! emity of the ship was curved.   I could describe in greater detail if a return call is received.   Thank you very much, for all your hard work.;42.2985;-85.4217
