Witnessed regularly is an excessively bright light that can be seen to move in ways that differ from stars/planets.;2018-07-09 03:00:00;Until;Witnessed regularly is an excessively bright light that can be seen to move in ways that differ from stars/planets. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Jupiter or Mars, we suspect.  PD)) This is a reoccurring event.  Myself and a fellow eye witness have viewed this abnormally excessively bright light in the sky.  The fact it can be seen from varying locations (often several miles from each other) suggests to me this object is quite far away/high in the sky. I have watched this light through telescope, and despite the increased magnification, I cannot make it out as a particular object that I find to be recognizable. I see a light, seemingly in the south east.  It almost appears to be a very bright star or a neighboring planet upon first glance.  Yet I have little doubt it is either of those based on the observations both myself and a fellow eye witness have viewed, due to its movements.  It almost always subtle makes very suble shifts or changes in location, but it isn’t something easily explainable for me at least. When the sun rises the object slowly fades away into the blue of the day light’s sky. I have no issue with some of the more controversial measures our government has taken in more recent years, if indeed it is justified in the fight against our adversaries (i.e. warrantless wire Taps) provided surveillance is done responsibly.  I fear our 4th amendment is eroding though, but I’m hesitant to even report what I’d likely assume to be nonsense if I personally had not witnessed the phenomenon close to dozens of times at this point if I had to guess.  I’m usually the skeptical one in any given group, but  this is truly remarkable to witness.  I see this so frequently in the night’s sky it has become the norm essentially.  I feel perhaps any reasonable expectation of privacy with regard to uav/drones given substantial increases in their use? should be addressed by the highest court, which can be better understood with respect to our 4th amendment through precedents that have become the standard by our judiciary system, or were rather.  Is this big brother?  I know not the! answer to such a question.  I hope the intrusive practices I’m assuming to be witnessing are necessary for our safety as a nation.;41.4229;-73.003
