Triangular UFO approached from the ocean and drifted overhead;2012-06-14 22:00:00;10 minutes;Triangular UFO approached from the ocean and drifted overhead In light of recent UFO reports such as the “Tic Tac’ UFO featured in the NY Times and the FLIR, GIMBAL and GOFAST Navy UFO footage released by the Pentagon, I feel compelled to report a significant sighting I and a friend had some years back on Cape Cod. It was a quintessential summer night and we decided, as locals here often do, to drive to the beach after dinner to stargaze. Oddly, I felt compelled to do so, and had an inexplicable feeling I would encounter something singular. We were both sober and relaxed, and the night was basically clear with a trace of mist coming off the ocean. As we sat in the car looking south over Nantucket Sound and chatting I spotted a light that was quite large and bright and lowish on the horizon. As we watched, somewhat idly, it grew larger and more pronounced and slowly approached us. As it drew closer we perceived that it was a triangular-shaped craft, dully metallic, with no discernible rivets, markings or windows. It was! indubitably one single, physical, coherent object, roughly 30 ft wide by 40 ft long, and its undercarriage contained three bright yellowish-white lights at the corners and a large red light in the middle. No light was emitted or shone elsewhere rather, the lights appeared self-contained and pulsated and swirled like liquid. The strange object made absolutely no sound whatsoever (we had exited the car to observe it) and simply floated slowly over us and headed northward,elegant and silent as a great blue heron. We were awestruck as opposed to fearful, although I recall a twinge of anxiety, since it was a mere 50-100 feet above us. We briefly considered calling the police or the local airport but didn’t wish to be scoffed at or mocked. I have thought of it many times since and recently looked up my old friend in order to discuss it with him unfortunately, I discovered he had passed away.;41.6885;-69.9742
Large red object over eastern Cape Cod.;2014-07-29 22:20:00;3 minutes;Large red object over eastern Cape Cod. Standing in Harwich Center, looking ENE a bright, distant, large red object with a small yellow center was seen.  It appeared to be traveling eastward. It was shaped like a triangle but with round corners.  If you hold a quarter at arms length, that was it's apparent size in the sky.  Many times larger that the light formations of airliners.  Much, much larger than stars.  Entire object had a red hue. At first I thought it was fireworks, then maybe those military flares with parachutes.  But it kept moving away and did not change in brightness or color.;41.6885;-69.9742
