3 spheres spotted over Amory, MS while jets from Columbus AFB were training overhead.;2003-09-28 12:00:00;15 minutes;3 spheres spotted over Amory, MS while jets from Columbus AFB were training overhead. As usual I hear the roar of T-38's buzzing overhead as Columbus Airforce Base is just 40 miles south of Amory. On this day I happened to look up and I do sometimes to watch the aircraft play dogfight. Most days you cannot see anything because of the haze but every great once and a while you can... On this day I spotted 3 spheres together... they were in a cluster... I never saw them make any irradict moves nor did I ever see them separate.  They had a metallic look to their finish... since all of the jets were about 10k I can only assume these were somewhere in the same realm. I could not gestimate their size since I had nothing near by to reference them to.;33.9828;-88.4683
Duration from first sphere appearing to last disappearing approx. 7 minutes.;2013-11-28 17:55:00;7 minutes;Duration from first sphere appearing to last disappearing approx. 7 minutes On November 28 at approx.. 5:48 pm in Amory, Mississippi we {myself & my wife} were preparing to make our regular trip back home where we have been taking care of our mother since late March 2011, who is a 94 year old stroke victim and lives with us in Tennessee.  We take her home as much as we can {it seems to help her condition}   While I was taking out the garbage during a clean up process I noticed a very bright large white star in the west south-west sky, it was very beautiful.  I stared at it for a moment and then looked further to the west and gazed at a tiny star twinkling and then further west north-west an orange star began to appear it reminded me of the moon that every now and again turns yellow orange {you know}.   Peering through the trees out at the horizon the orange star was moving – “ oh well jet airliner   As it drifted higher like the ember from a fire another orange star began to appear, I was certain that the Columbus Air Force Base was conducting drills.  As the two orange lights rose slowly from the horizon-I was waiting for a familiar aerial sound-wop, wop, wop, but there was no sound and then another orange light appeared in the same area of orientation and began to rise into sky. As I stood there I certainly did not want to make a complete fool out of myself while another orange light began to rise.  My hopes were very anxious and high that a sonic boom or a popping sound would become proof that it was Columbus doing their thing. Only seconds had passed from the first light  to the fourth.   I turned and opened the kitchen door and called out to my wife and said honey come here and look at this and she I immediately came to where I was standing and said “WOW “its beautiful! What is it?”  Then another orange sphere begin to rise from the same location as all the others came from.    As we peered through the trees my wife said I bet we can see them better in the front yard so we went to the front yard and the view was a little better as the orange lights were rising higher and were heading due north and then another orange sphere began to appear from the same area of orientation and then another and then another it was like a roman candle in a slow m! otion rotation pattern.   Somewhere higher than the others in a drift pattern you would expect the embers of a fire swirling in the wind.  My wife said “there is no sound maybe its those balloons they put candles in and release on a wish!   OK I was starting to buy into the idea and suddenly all the lights became in alignment shaped like a v or as my wife put it – like a row of geese but the alignment was moving due north and the point of the shape was pointing south.   They began quickly to disappear and my wife ran inside the house to get a camera to possibly photograph them.  There were only 3 light left – 1 alone and 2 together.  These images were sent to you and now there is a written recording of our memory. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.9828;-88.4683
