I couldn't talk about what I've seen until I came across a drawing of what someone else seen years ago.;2019-01-21 00:00:00;4-5 hours;I couldn't talk about what I've seen until I came across a drawing of what someone else seen years ago. The night of the blood moon, I was on the porch with binoculars looking at the details of the moon and the stars surrounding the moon.  I decided to scan the sky to look at more stars since the sky was filled with so many bright stars.  As I scanned with the binoculars from the left to right my vision was disturbed by something because I wasn’t seeing any stars.  I thought I ended up looking to low into the trees.  I dropped the binoculars to gain visual of the sky again but I wasn’t looking at the trees.  The area in the sky I came to was obviously different to my naked eyes.  No stars and the shade of the dark sky was a different shade of black.  But there also seemed to be visual texture covering the area.  All I’ve been able to describe it as is a piece of paper that’s been crumpled and then layed out flat again but now very wrinkly. It was so close and large it seemed like a wall. I couldn’t make out a definite shape.  It looked like a puddle covered with a sheer wrinkled cloth.  I had no idea what I was seeing so I looked through the binoculars.  That’s when I was able to see the scattered lights within the form.  No defined pattern.  Lots of very small pin dot lights and about 10 large white lights that did not flicker like drone lights that I’m use to seeing in my area. I quickly went to the garage asking my friend to come look at something and grab the gun so he could look through the scope.  We walked out the door and I pointed to the right back corner of the house for him to go too.  Instead as I was looking at the sky the object was now at the other end of the house straight up and much smaller like it was higher in the sky.  The object moved from one side of the house to the other and higher up in the 3 minutes it took me to get him outside.  He immediately seen the cluster of lights. He didn’t notice the shape color or wrinkles until he looked in his scope.  I knew with his logical thinking he would tell me what it was. His reaction scared me.  He verified what I seen almost exactly without me telling him what I actually seen. Over a 5 hour period we took turns going outside to look at the object to try and make some logical sense of what we were observing.  The object never moved. After about 5 hours it either got higher or further away to were we couldn’t see the lights anymore.  I don’t know exactly how large it was but my first visual it was extremely large.  Once it moved it was much smaller but I felt it was just so incredibly high in the sky it looked small.  The lights were small an dim as well.  We both had a feeling it was very large and that we may have only been seeing a small portion of it. I have seen this object every weekend since the blood moon except when it’s cloudy.  I’ve tried to tell my self it’s just a cluster of stars.  Do stars move large distances within minutes? Are stars in the middle of a dark colored form?  And each time I see it it’s not always in the same spot. •	I read a post of a sighting of two young girls and seen the pictures of the object seen. This is why I’m writing.  The size.  The description of the ripples.  I can’t give a definite shape to match but I know what I have been seeing and I can’t find a logical explanation.  And that scares me.;46.7546;-92.5408
