UFO scanning, in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly not a serious report.  PD));2011-08-24 04:15:00;1 1/2 hrs, still there;UFO scanning, in the sky. Okay so im working a midnight at my Job and I go outside for a cig and I notice this light in the sky that seems to be about 200feet up( so fairly close) brighter than the stars.  It began slowly moving in circles, but it was like jerking in circles.  Like making a hexagon circle. Almost like it was scanning what was below. I ended up staying out there 45 minutes watching the UFO move a big chunk across the sky a big chunk as in the amount of time I was there.  With my peripheral vision of staring at the main object (I didn't say this part when I called) I began to notice 3 little red lights moving even slower in sporadic directions. Anyways, I go inside to mop the floor and I had this urge to go outside and I look directly up and there was, what I think, is another UFO- but more mechanical looking than the bright light still in the air, but at first I thought it was a plane cause it had multiple lights (red, white, yellow) and they flashed, it kept going to the heading toward Duluth, mn.  I ruled out plane because it might sudden side swipe while still going straight and as far as I know planes don't do that. I haven't seen this one since it went out of my vision  Now between the mechanical looking UFO and the other light kind they didn't interact with each other in anyway, just passing it. It's currently 5:40am now and the UFO is still going in mini circles just in a different area of the sky. I assumed it would probably leave before the sun comes up, but it's still roaming. and there's really not a star in the sky anymore but you can still see it bright as day. This is my first sighting and it wasn't super eventful but its got my attention like a motherfucker. I even tried calling coast to coast am so I could tell them LIVE while it was happening but I didn't get through. Also I did take a video on my iPhone, but the camera is shitty so it looks like just a dot of light, but what's interesting the video could see the stars and you can definitely see the light. It's pretty much the only thing u can see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possibly not a serious report.  PD));46.7546;-92.5408
Strange moving lights and craft.;2019-04-25 23:30:00;3-5 minutes;Strange moving lights and craft I was at a lake close to my house, and I was showing a friend that new owners have the property and we now have access to it after 10 years.  I turned the lights off on my truck so she could look at the stars.  We were facing north with the lake to the east, I was looking in the north west direction and noticed a moving traveling west to east.  As I watched it I began to notice it wasn’t very high up maybe 75-100 feet above the tree tops and no sound the light was a bright white and when it got close enough I could see 3 bright white and very slight yellow colored lights moving counter clockwise, and round shaped like search lights i told my friend watch this thing it’s not a helicopter, airplane, or drone it’s not making noise it was a distance of about 100-150 yards to the north and close enough to see it wasn’t normal after it traveled at slow but steady speed it shot directly straight up and gone total time from when I realized it wasn’t any kind of aircraft!  we ever seen 3-5 minutes ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));46.7546;-92.5408
