June 1975 on Hiway 410 travelling from Bonney Lake into Sumner, classic silver-grey saucer keeps pace with us then disappears;1976-06-15 06:30:00;5 min or so;June 1975 on Hiway 410 travelling from Bonney Lake into Sumner, classic silver-grey saucer keeps pace with us then disappears My stepdad, Mom and I had moved to the Bonney Lake area when I was 15 from the Sea-Tac area. We had lived there maybe a month or so. I wanted to finish high school at Tyee Senior High instead of changing schools so my stepdad who worked at Mc Donald Crane in Kent would drive me to a friend's house during the week who lived on 188th and Pacific Hwy South (Sea-Tac International Airport across the street and Boeing Field is nearby too) and we'd walk to school. It was nearing the end of the school year and was a  bright, sunny morning with no clouds in the sky around 6:30am. It was so bright that I could easily see in the truck and was doing my homework that I hadn't done the previous evening. There is a large clearing on the left coming down Hwy 410 out of Bonney Lake heading down into Sumner (near the Winery), which overlooks the Sumner valley, and some of Puyallup (Tacoma can be seen off in the distance). I'm engrossed in my homework and suddenly my stepdad (who doesn't believe in many things, especially UFO's) very calmly turns his head towards my direction and says, (my name), Look at that UFO. He turns his head forward again to look out the windshield and never looked back at the UFO or me and neither of us said another word all the way to my friend's apartment. I raised my head and looked at him. Outside his driver side window (within the frame of it)was a UFO - the classic shaped kind that looked like two silverish grey plates inverted on top of each other. There was a dome on the top that looked like cloudy thick/heavy plastic. Underneath the dome where it met with the top portion of the saucer were big round bright white lights that were like strobes. They were blinking white or seemed to be rotating around it. I heard a whirring type noise but was unsure if it was the sound the extremely long antenna was making in the wind or if it was coming from the craft. I think my jaw dropped and I was completely awed! Didn't think to look around and see if anyone was looking because I couldn't take my eyes off of it. It stayed visually within his driver side window all the way down near the River Grove apartments..it sped up out of the window frame and was directly above the apartments when it suddenly got a little fuzzy looking and completely vanished-quic! kly! I w as so amazed, happy but confused too by my stepdad's reaction. Couldn't wait to get to school and tell everybody what I seen but I think only 2 people half-way believed me. I didn't know where to report the sighting but KISW had a number to call. Was interested if anyone else had seen it but procrastinated too long and never did it. That incident put me on a quest that I am still journeying - I felt special and extremely happy that I got to see it. The experience and everything I have learned on my journey has enlightend my spirituality. Throughout my life I've had many strange occurences happen, not only lights in the sky, a very impressive encounter in Olalla, along but other types of paranormal activities as well. It took me nearly 15 years before I ever mentioned the incident again to my stepdad due to the weird reaction of his that morning and becuase he is so opinionated and closed minded about things I've experienced or believe in - thought he would explain it away and ruin my thrill. But when I did finally ask him many years later what we saw that morning, he laughed and said, (my name, I don't know what that was)! His statement surprised me but reassured me that we had seen something very extraordinary - HOWEVER, whenever I bring it up to people in front of him, his standard answer then and now is that the craft was a jet and I'm crazy! ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness indicates dates in both 1975 and 1976.  We will attempt to clarify the date.  PD));47.1435;-122.1678
Orange like flare objects that turn red then back to bright orange then disappearing in the bright blue sky;2012-10-06 20:30:00;15-30 minutes;orange like flare objects that turn red then back to bright orange then disappearing in the bright blue sky we saw orange bright lights shooting up from the horizon south shooting up was bright orange and then turned red back to orange shot straight up in sky and moved towards the north western sky then disappeared.  My husband was the first to see first of the 3 lights then I and my neighbor and his daughter and our other neighbor across street witness these bright orange lights then disappearing...there was not a cloud in the sky and even saw a meteor in the middle of the sighting.  I have taken pictures...not very clear but can see the lights in each photo depecting the angle and direction.;47.1435;-122.1678
Hundreds of flying lights move across sky in swarm.;2017-06-23 22:50:00;7-10 minutes;hundreds of flying lights move across sky in swarm. I stepped outside on my back porch to check how much water was in my pool that I was filling, and I looked above and saw what at first I thought was the Milky Way, like a concentrated grouping of stars, until I realized the objects were moving slowly across the night sky.  There were approximately 200-300 lights in a clustering.  The closest comparison I could think of would be similar to a school of fish or tadpoles.   The objects were paler than stars (like almost a blue, but not quite), and the light they gave off seemed less concentrated than the stars in the sky around.  The group moved like a school of fish slowly towards the horizon, with a few straggling behind the group.  The group did not move in a straight line like a meteor shower, but rather as if something floating along.   I called my father out to see, and he came and witnessed the event with me, and then shortly after, my brother came out and saw the last stragglers move across the sky.  It took appro! ximately 8 minutes for the group to move from immediately overhead to then be completely out of sight.  I have never seen anything like it in my entire life, nor my father in his.   To lend you some information on my background, I studied Writing and Law at University of Washington for my Undergraduate degree, and now I am a law student at Seattle University School of Law.  I consider myself rational, pragmatic, and someone who rarely jumps to conclusions.  I am both well educated and of above average intelligence, and generally, do not believe something without seeing it myself.;47.1435;-122.1678
