Blue/Red flashing rectangular object, no sound, came and went silently, lasted about 20 minutes, height of 2 story building.;2021-08-06 03:25:00;20 minutes;Blue/Red flashing rectangular object, no sound, came and went silently, lasted about 20 minutes, height of 2 story building. On Friday 8/6/2021 in Frisco, Colorado, I was sleeping in my bedroom on the 2nd story of our condo. I was awoken at 3:25 AM by bright, flashing blue lights coming through the window. When I sat up to see the cause I saw 2 flashing blue lights that seemed to be in the distance a few blocks away. I initially thought it was police cars.  I laid back down but then the flashing blue light was even more intense. When I sat up this time, it was flashing outside my window across the street from me. The height of the light was at the top of my window, and it was about 30 inches in diameter. The light was so bright that it hurt to look directly at it. As I sat up further, I could see that whatever the object was went down to street level. There were 2 brilliant red lights of the same intensity and size at the bottom of the object on the left and right sides. There were additional smaller flashing lights on the left side and scattered around the bottom of the object. There was no noise coming from the object.  It was not a police car, truck, drone, fire truck or any other object that I could identify. I was scared and so crawled out of my bed to the floor to get closer to the window to look out. The window had a sheer curtain, but I was also able to look through the window in the middle where there was no curtain. The entire object continued to flash. I decided to get my iphone to take a video. I was afraid of being seen by whatever was with the object so the video I have is filmed through the sheer curtain. I did see a white pickup truck pass slowly by the object. It did not stop.  I then went into the living room around the corner from my bedroom to see if I could make out more from the sliding door window by the deck. In looking from that view, it was much the same and I still could not identify what it was. I decided to go back to the bedroom and as I was walking away, I heard something shut like a solid door. As I approached my bedroom I could see before I entered that the object was gone. There were no more flashing lights coming in the window. I went to the window, and nothing was there. It was only about 6-8 steps from the living room to my bedroom. I could now see across the street and the road and buildings that had been blocked by the object. There had been no noise of a motor or anything else. It went as quietly as it came. At that time, it was about 3:45 AM.;39.5589;-106.1381
