V Shaped - Dark Metallic - Recessed Lights - Lights made of Liquid - Possible 'Gain' of Time or Interference with watch  500 Lights On;2011-08-04 03:45:00;2m-100m;V Shaped - Dark Metallic - Recessed Lights - Lights made of Liquid - Possible 'Gain' of Time or Interference with watch  500 Lights On Observer: Age: 22 Sex: M Drugs: None Alcohol: Socially Occupation: Programmer/Designer (Video Games)  Object Description: The fuselage was dark and metallic, similar to a polished ball bearing with a bit less luster, in the shape of a 'V'. The object was rounded, almost like a boomerang. There were 3 orange bright lights on the bottom of the craft. They were recessed into the craft and seemed to be made of a liquid or sphere of liquid as I was able to see the substance churning about within. The lights were odd in the fact that they did not seem to emit a glare. It appeared to be two or three pine trees tall off of the ground (150-250feet). The object made no sound. Events: I stepped outside for a quick smoke before I went to lay down with my girlfriend. I had been up working on a programming project and she had gone to bed before me. As I sat outside enjoying a cigarette, I noticed this object moving toward my location. As it began to pass directly over me it seemed to stop instantaneously. I was quite startled  by this and made no attempt to take cover, I was paralyzed with intrigue, eyes locked to the sky. I do not recall the object starting to move away, or leaving at all. I simply remember next sitting in my chair and it was gone. I looked down at my wristwatch as I  felt the need to make sure and note the time and to my surprise it was hours later than I thought it should be. I rushed inside and woke my girlfriend in a panic and demanded that she tell me the time. She told me it was 3:47 in the morning. My watch read that it was 6:23. Physical Evidence: The watch was given to me not long ago by my aunt who works in a jewelry store. The watch has never had an issue telling the correct time. It is a Quartz ESQ E5460 that is rated at 3 ATM or 30 minutes under water. I find it quite odd that after observing this object at such a close distance, not being able to recall the object leaving, and that my watch was 1:36 hours ahead of when it should be. It is now about a month after the original sighting. There is a rough circular shape of dead grass/clumps of dead grass that is tangent to the side of my house, and seems to fully encompass the area where I was sitting if the grass was extended through the area of my patio. Conclusion: I know that I saw something, and I feel like this something did not want me to remember seeing it, however I can not state that as fact as I simply do not know what happened after the object stopped. Notes: I have selected the checkbox below that states the object landed. This is due to the possible interaction it had with the ground(i.e. dead grass). I did not see the object land, but there is indeed the possibility of physical interaction with the ground.;31.6633842696629;-94.6237943820225
