What might this be?;2007-12-28 08:05:00;4 seconds;What might this be? My family was taking advantage of fine weather one evening, and had hauled a TV outside on the spur of the moment to watch a movie.  At the time listed above, I saw what resembled a very large meteor (but was not a meteor or space shuttle) traveling from north to south, as you look from the west at a downward angle of appx. 40 degrees.  The total visible path of the object was around 8 inches with your hand held at arm's length, though the visible light trail was around 2 inches long and 1 inch wide.  It lasted around 4 seconds, and had a very visible color tint, which I saw as green, but could have been a trick played by my eyes, since it was, after all, nighttime, and I had been looking at a television.  I fetched my DSLR and telephoto lens, but nothing ever showed up again.  Please continue reading, as I will tell you the results of my foot search. (The movie was Swing Kids not a sci-fi movie or anything at all!  This rules out any influence from the movie making me want to see something.)  I have seen meteors lasting for over 8 seconds, and shuttles re-entering the atmosphere, and this resembled them, except that it seemed much, much closer.  The dimensions of said trail are seen above.  I estimated, based upon the horizon, trees, etc. that the object was 1.8 to 3 miles away. Later that evening, I wondered if the object could have been a plane crashing in the area, and decided to go search.  I pulled out my GPS, marked 3.5 miles, and set out.  I trespassed for hours, and the only civilization I observed was a large oil well complex, with a small metal building.  I got the number to the oil company, and after a little asking around, I found that they do not have any aircraft in our area.  Therefore, I have not resolved what I may have seen. I don't believe in ailens, there were no substances in use, either!  In addition, I called the attention of my mother and brother to the object by saying, LOOK, LOOK!  Upon which they responded, where? and the object was, by that time, gone. Thank you, any information is much welcomed.;31.6633842696629;-94.6237943820225
Point of light accelerates from a crawl, covers night sky in 2 seconds.;2009-02-23 02:35:00;6 seconds;Point of light accelerates from a crawl, covers night sky in 2 seconds. I promise you it is not Venus.  I know a thing or two about astronomy. At the date and time listed above, myself and a fellow honors student were stargazing atop the largest building on campus.  We were both lying on our backs.  All directional references and measurements should be interpreted with this in mind. At the approximate time listed above, we both simultaneously noted a point of light around 4 times the size of any star in the sky.  This point of light travelled from right to left (I can obtain compass direction if needed) from appx. 60 degrees above the horizon on the right across the sky to around 30 deg above the horizon on the left.  This point of light appeared to travel at satellite speed for a duration of 3-4 seconds, covering only a few degrees of night sky.  In <0.75 seconds, the object sped up, covering the remaining amount of sky in 2-3 seconds, until it passed out of our sight.  We did not observe a light trail behind the object, and needless to say, it was too far away for us to discern any noise. For reference, I am an International Relations major, and my friend is a Physics major with an Astronomy minor.  We are both 19 years of age, and neither of us have ever used illicit substances.  I have not spoken with this friend regarding this matter since this occurrence.;31.6633842696629;-94.6237943820225
