Huge pearl-like object over South Mountain;1996-06-28 19:00:00;30 minutes;Huge pearl-like object over South Mountain On June 28, 1996, I was 17 and riding passenger-side by my mother. It was 7PM and still very sunny and clear. We came out of the grocery store and got in the car. We were driving west down Guadalupe Rd. in Tempe, AZ. My mother gasped, leaned forward to look into the sky and pointed at something. I leaned forward too. We saw a silvery streaked object falling southwesterly at a 120° angle against the blue sky. It was leaving a small tail behind it but not falling as fast as a meteorite and much bigger and duller than a meteorite. My first thought was space debris or a missile. But then it stopped suddenly about 50° above the horizon. When that happened, the tail ended, the shape changed to spherical and the color went to a lustrous pearl color. It appeared to be over South Mountain, maybe 5 miles away.  My mom managed to drive home. A few minutes later, we drove into our parking lot, having never lost sight over the treeline. From the parking lot, I ran into the apartment to grab my binocs, at which point I informed my dad and sister that there was a UFO outside.  I ran back out, rejoining my mom. All four of us watched it.  The bottom had opened up into a “V” shape and it seemed like hot gases were coming out of the bottom, like the steam rising from car hoods in the summer. It was soundless. I was the only one who saw it through the binocs and when I looked, I saw little sparks flying off the pearly surface, which flew chaotically around the UFO and would fizzle out, as if composed of electricity.  I also saw more specifically clear-colored heat waves coming out of the “V” shape. The UFO hovered there while people on the street were calmly driving their cars past us. It seemed to hover in exactly the same place in the air while the Earth turned underneath it. Sunset approached and after thirty to forty minutes, it was getting further away and more back against the horizon.  It seemed to be over Estrella Mountain at this point.  It was going to disappear soon. The sun was already down below the horizon so we just turned and left at around 7:30 PM. We watched the news that night expecting it to make the news.  We were frustrated that it didn't. Certainly in a city the size of Phoenix, people are not that busy. I did write down all these details that very night and I called Luke Air Force Base, spoke with a secretary and asked her if anything strange was seen on the radar.  She was nonplussed about my UFO sighting.  I have since learned that on that day, there was a funeral procession for a fallen soldier at Luke Air Force Base at appr. 7PM and so somebody at the base must have seen it.  Personally, I think it was experimental unmanned aircraft out of the NASA testing facility south in Maricopa.;33.4024599388378;-111.923322629969
Star like objects flickering and flying very fast in the day time. No sound.;2007-06-25 16:00:00;30 min;Star like objects flickering and flying very fast in the day time. No sound. Before work, I was sitting out side when I felt light headed and dizy (it was about 110 out side) when I just happened to look up at the moon that was out during the day. It was bright and sunny with a few light clouds. I saw what appeared as a star. It flickered with no pattern and was sometimes very bright.I thought It was my dizyness but Another appeared and moved from the high southern sky to the east. It started out above the clouds and swooped below them. A jet was traveling near by and gave me a good idea of how fast it was going. The object was much further than the jet but was traveling much faster. More star like objects appeared and flew in different directions disappearing and reappearing, flickering and flashing. It seemed like they where reflecting the sun light cause no light can be seen in the daylight that brightly. There were no wings or noticeable shape. When it didn’t reflect the sun, it seemed to disappear. This I think would be something you wouldn’t see without light reflecting on it. I ran inside my office and grabbed some co workers. They laughed at me and asked what I was smoking. I just pointed up and said look. They ALL 7 saw them and we stood staring and pointing for a good 15 mins. They were hard to see till your eyes adjusted to them in the bright Arizona sun. But everyone knew they where NOT any aircraft we knew of. I can’t say how many there where do to the fact they would disappear. But at least 5. The objects didn’t seem any bigger than a small plain or hellicopter.When they finally went away, they followed the fist one that took off to the east. Moving from the high mid sky to the horizon and out of sight in about 20 seconds!;33.4024599388378;-111.923322629969
Tiny neon blue light ufo wittnessed by three in Tempe, Arizona;2010-04-19 00:30:00;5 mins;Tiny neon blue light ufo wittnessed by three in Tempe, Arizona Myself and two friends of mine were traveling southbound on McClintock approaching the US 60 overpass when our friend driving stopped the car in the middle of the road and instructed us to look up at the blue light descending from the night sky in front of us.  There was hardly any traffic on the road because of the hour.  This neon blue light moved downward toward as if coming down a staircase.   The object stopped in front of a business park just to the left of us, approximately 25 yards away, and changed from a blue light orb to three neon blue squares linked together in a vertical rectangle tilted forward from the top.  The neon blue light pulsed at a very high rate and radiated from the the blue squares but the object itself made no sound.  The object itself appeared to be slightly smaller than the light on the light post next to it, approximately 10 in length.  It hovered from side to side and up and down, turning sideways and back again remaining in an a! rea of about 2-3 cubit feet.   As it turned sideways to reveal it's profile there didn't appear to be anything behind the blue light bar that we could see.   At first we thought it must be a toy.  There was not a single person around the object or in the parking lot of the business park.  Our driver said it could not be a toy because no transmitter could reach that far, given the fact that it descended from a visual point out of the night sky high above us.  A car coming from behind us also stopped to watch this intriging object as well as a man in a truck coming from the other direction.  The object then returned to the blue light orb and began traveling NE just above the roof tops.  It seemed to be traveling very slow at first so I told my friend driving to follow it.  Before we could get the car turned around the object acceleratled in a straight line NE and disappeared. I believe whatever it was came with an objective and that it traveled so low to the roof tops so that it could travel without much detection.  I also believe that it's destination were somewhere reasonably close or else it would have made it's descention elsewhere.  Northeast from where we were located is a military reserve base, Northeast Mesa and Fort McDowell Mtns.  I live right next to the military reserve base where there is a jet and pilot ready 24/7 for take off in case of an intrusion.  In the three months that I've lived here I've heard the jet take off just after midnight twice within the last week. Thank you for allowing me to share our experience.;33.4024599388378;-111.923322629969
I was 7 years old when it happend.;2013-01-27 09:14:00;10 minutes;I was 7 years old when it happend. me and my friend where on a feld trip in first grade and on the bus and we saw it at first it was like a backwards airplane and then it looked like a log and then like a chevron and the clour was a silverish brown and after about 10 minutes it just disapeird like a flash of lightning. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));33.4024599388378;-111.923322629969
Mothership UFO in Tempe probed by airforce helicopters and jets. Very strange sighting.;2016-01-02 04:00:00;3 hours;Mothership UFO in Tempe probed by airforce helicopters and jets.  Very strange sighting, and my only sighting. If people are interested, I will go into more detail, but for now I will keep it short and sweet.  Was up early for one of my 2 required Saturday shifts for work.  Happened to go sit on my balcony to stargaze and relax, before heading in to work in a few hours.   Saw what initially resembled the usual airplanes that come through to go to the Phoenix Airport nearby, however, this object quickly approached and I could tell it was much too large to be an airplane.   It started out roughly saucer like with your typical yellowish white light, but then literally started to morph green, blue, red, orange, etc in a fashion such as fiber optics would look like.  Still not that shocked, I continued to watch it approach from the north and it eventually completely stopped and just hovered, only making a few impossible maneuvers for any (declassified) man-made tech.  To make things really interesting, as it hovered, it twice descended while dropping what seemed to be small disc like crafts with the similar cycling of lights the mothership had.  The only reason I wasn't sure of how many came from it was because I was too focused on all of the helicopters and airforce jets sneaking up to get a closer look.   The object hovered a good 30 minutes before this happened and I never took my eyes off it.  It would morph and change from the saucer like shape to almost a crown or diamond type shape, but the color now stayed mostly yellowish white.  When approached by what I believe to be a helicopter (that or a jet) it appeared to playfully recede at any probe too close to it.   As the sun was beginning to come up, it lowered what looked like a few hundred foot ropes of light, 3 to be exact.  The smaller craft that were closer to the ground sort of just hovering as well then slowly ascended up and merged back with the mothership, all the while the jets and helicopters were EVERYWHERE.  I mean they weren't making it obvious, but I could hear the helicopters and see the jets.   Finally, the object made some crazy skipping like maneuvers and as it did so, one of the tiny little clouds that were in the sky came as if it was called over, and the object slowly dimmed and went higher and higher.  It was the most insane thing I have ever seen.   I am a college educated male, 25 years of age, and only drink on the rare occasion.  Wide awake for a good 3 hours of witnessing all of these strange events.  I really would like to see if anyone else witnessed something similar!  I have always been somewhat of a believer, but still do not know if I am witnessing new experimental aircraft, or ET phenomenon.  I am open minded and will not jump to conclusions, but this has me very, very intrigued.  I will continue to watch that area of the sky in the same hours now to see if I can catch any more glimpses of what went on.  Thanks for reading,;33.4024599388378;-111.923322629969
