High-altitude, moving,  light that, when overhead, became brilliant it accelerated off and disappeared into the night sky.;2006-05-20 22:00:00;15 to 30 seconds;High-altitude, moving,  light that, when overhead, became brilliant it accelerated off and disappeared into the night sky. I was standing in the driveway of the house that I was visiting. It was a clear, cloudless night. The stars shown brilliantly against the dark sky. I stood looking up at the stars in the heavens, when suddenly I noticed a moving light very high up in the sky. I knew, from the altitude that this moving light appeared  to be, that whatever it was that I was looking at, must either be the space-station, or a satillite. The light maintained its altitude, but when it was directly above me, I was dumbstruck by the sudden brilliance of a brightness that suddenly seemed to appear from the bottom of this object when the object got directly overhead. There seemed to be four (4)lights that were part whatever it was that I was looking at. I felt that what I was seeing was triangular in shape, with white, non-blinking lights on three cornors, with the bottom, suddenly brilliant beam in the middle of the other three. AT NO TIME DID ANY OF THE LIGHTS THAT I SAW 'BLINK,' AS THEY WOULD HAVE IF THIS WERE AN AIRPLANE! The light then proceeded to change course. It made a turn not abrupt, but a gradual, gentle course change. It then accelerated, gaining speed quite rapidly, and I watched it until it trailed off from sight. The bright beam that I refer to, in the middle of this object, seemed to gain in luminosity when it was directly over my head. In other words, one second, it wasn't bright. Then, quite suddenly, when it was directly overhead, it was! I ruled out an airplane, as they have red, and green blinking lights on their wings. I thought that the brilliant light beam could have been an airplanes landing lights. But there was no change in the luminosity that should have accompanied the deployment of landing lights in front of or around this object. Besides, with no blinking of any kind noted, it seemed unlikely that this was an aircraft. I stood there, wondering what it was I had seen, for several minutes after I finally lost sight of this object. I have spent many moments in the past looking up at the heavens. This was my second UFO (if this was one) sighting. The first occurred over 53 years ago. This is my first report to NUFORC, even though I look at the site often. I will attempt to get a map for referencing to you regarding what I saw, with direction[s] object traveled.;41.0884;-84.3928
