Flashing light circles over Lincoln CA for at least an hour.;2010-10-13 20:00:00;1 hour;Flashing light circles over Lincoln CA for at least an hour My wife and I where sitting on our balcony a few minutes before 8:00 pm PST when a small flashing object object caught my peripheral vision.  Normally this would be of no concern or significance as we live in an area less than 2 miles from our municipal airport and between Beal AFB and Sac IAP, but the strobe of the light was a bit odd, a white light strobing at a pace of slightly slower than 1 sec per flash.   I casually followed the path of the object as it traveled south east then made a long turn that eventually became a large counter-clockwise circle several miles in diameter.  Once again this would not be unusual as planes often circle around waiting for an open runway to land on, but the arc took a long time to complete and the object was at an abnormally high altitude for a plane waiting to land.   I brought this to the attention of my wife then called my two daughters and my mother in law to observe and see if they found it odd.  As we watched the object continued to circle around at the same altitude and speed with each lap taking approximately 10 minutes.   On one lap the object passed directly overhead and we could see that it was two distinct lights of the same size one in front of the other with a small red light that did not strobe joining the two lights.   When the lights would fade out between strobes there did not appear to be any discernible shape to the object and there was no noise.   Also, faint lights or reflective objects appeared to fall away from the object from time to time and proceeded in every direction, but were observable for only a very short time, a second or two at the most.   This continued until 9:00 pm PST the object then took a path directly north east till we could no longer see it.;38.8897;-121.2873
Color changing and flashing light over Lincoln, CA.;2013-09-08 20:58:00;25 seconds;Color changing and flashing light over Lincoln, CA. A color changing and flashing object that moved in a circular motion as if tethered to the ground by a wire.  This flight pattern occurred for about 20 seconds and then the object flew off in a North East direction and continued to change color and flash.  It was moving very quickly, faster then a passing plane.;38.8897;-121.2873
