Three single lighted aircraft that changed colors perform Close Encounter like night flight ballet over Rocklin, Ca.;2012-09-01 20:15:00;20 minutes;Three single lighted aircraft that changed colors perform Close Encounter like night flight ballet over Rocklin, Ca. Traveling east bound on Hwy. 65 looking due south at appx. 20:15 hrs just passing Sunset Blvd. Still looking south just behind William Jessup College observed two single lighted aircraft rising from horizon level into the night sky to an altitude of appx. 100 to 150 feet. Both aircraft seperated in formation to begin areial manouvers of independent origin.  At first these manouvers seemed to be something that could only be achieved by a smaller remote control aircraft, tight and close quarter turns, loops and various synchronized aerobatics. As I was traveling at a rate of sixty-five miles an hour, I had to concentrate on driving while still trying to observe the aircrafts. Leaving the boundries of Rocklin and heading east towards Lincoln, I turned right onto Sterling Parkway and made the first right into a stripmall parking lot with a fairly unobstructed view to the southeast where I could observe the crafts. I watched as the aircraft which only appeared as ! a single color of white then turning to red was joined by a third craft now engaging ib the same acrobatic flight patterns as the other two.  Other observerers pulled into the stripmall parking areas but observed from different vantage points.  Another vehichle pulled up by my car and we observed the air-ballet together. We both noted that crafts each only had a single light that changed colors at intermitten intervals. ( Which were compared to other aircraft  that would randomly pass overhead  with traditional blinking red and white lights found on todays aircraft. We noted we did not know of anytype of aircraft that could make those sort of manouvers short of an Apache or AH-6 Littlebird yet even though they were at a guesstimated five miles or further away, no sounds were heard. After twenty minutes observing the crafts, they dropped below the horizon not to be seen again. After waiting a short period to see if they would return, they did not and the woman and her daughter! said they were returning to their home in Paradise to watch t! he late news to see of any reportings as I said I would also do. KCRA channel 3 news reported nothing of the sightings.;38.8897;-121.2873
Strange lights changing colors, moving slowly and hovering with no noise.;2015-10-10 20:30:00;10 minutes;Strange lights changing colors, moving slowly and hovering with no noise. Sitting in my backyard with family.  Saw an alternating blue and red light flashing.  No noise at and moving straight up. It then stopped mid air and hovered then slowly moved to the right. My four year old got scared so I brought her inside.  I was saying goodbye to the family at the front door a few minutes later and saw past them up into the sky and object up higher in the sky, again no noise, moving slowly to the left then stopping and hovering.  His one flashed all colors of light-blue, into violet, into red, orange, yellow, green and so on. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.8897;-121.2873
In Lincoln, CA at 3:30am a friend and I saw 20 lights moving through the sky.  ((Starlink satellites??));2021-02-12 03:30:00;5 minutes;In Lincoln, CA at 3:30am a friend and I saw 20 lights moving through the sky. I looked up in the sky and seen approximately 20 lights evenly spaced apart moving in towards the east. My friend seen them as well.;38.8897;-121.2873
