Silver,heart shaped craft flew left to right in front of my car.;1982-06-15 14:00:00;2 seconds;Silver,heart shaped craft flew left to right in front of my car. I cannot at this time remember exact date of the event since it was so long ago.  This happened in broad daylight.  I thought I was familiar with most aircraft types since I have always been interested in flight and I spent 3 years in a Navy fighter squadron.  This vehicle matched nothing a had seen to date.  I thought at first it was a stealth fighter not having seen one at this time.  However, this craft was dull silver metallic in color and was shaped similar to a heart with all rounded contours. It had a small rounded nose like a pencil eraser that extended out from where the point of the heart would be.  It appeared to be made of one piece of metal, no windows, no vertical stabilizers, no apparent openings or exhaust ports of any kind.  It flew from north to south at approximately 1000' elevation and was about 1/4 mile away from us.  My wife and I both saw it as the same shape and size.  I would say that it was about the size of a small airplane perhaps with a 30' wing span.  It left no vapor trail and I could hear no sound, although I was driving in my vehicle at the time.  After about 2 seconds the trees hid my view of the craft and by the time I was clear again it was gone.  To this day I have never seen or heard of any craft including the now famous stealth jets that resemble what I and my wife saw that day.;38.8897;-121.2873
On the morning of Tuesday the 05/26/09, I was in my bedroom and looked out my bedroom window and saw a very shinny object, very high in;2009-05-26 00:00:00;33 minutes;On the morning of Tuesday the 05/26/09, I was in my bedroom and looked out my bedroom window and saw a very shinny object, very high in the sky.  I grabbed my binoculars and went outside and zoomed in on the object in the sky.   I observed the object as it went east, then turned and went north, at which time and then it turned and went west.   And after a moment it turned direction again and went south.  I continued watching it, I zoomed in on the object as best I could and what I saw was either a horse shoe or a lazy triangle, and it had white round circles kind of like cloudy circles on the bottom. Because it was so shinny that is all I could make out, and it looked like it was going higher and higher as it moved, and then continued south until it disappeared.  My self and my wife and daughter in law all observed the object and the same movements.  Called the local newspaper and reported it, and went to your website and reported it.  Duration was 25 minutes. It made no sounds , no vapor trails, as a commercial airline would.  We also observed in the duration of the time we saw the metallic object in the air , we also seen 5 commercial air planes and they were way below this object we observed . This happened in Lincoln, Ca. 95648 ( Tuesday, 26,09 );38.8897;-121.2873
Star like object appears next to Big Dipper and flies toward northern California's Sierra Nevada mountains..;2012-06-18 00:01:00;30 seconds;Star like object appears next to Big Dipper and flies toward northern California's Sierra Nevada mountains.. I saw a second light adjacent to the lower right star of the Big Dipper's bucket appear at exactly midnight.  The new light or star was just below and very close to Big Dipper's lower right side star, top outside of the bucket star.  The Big Dipper is in the northwest sky to my position.  As soon as I saw this new star adjacent to Big Dipper, I focused and watched intently.  For approximately three to five seconds   It appeared stationary then started moving toward me in a south easterly direction.  It was the same brightness and size of the other Big Dipper stars.  It flew relatively slowly across the sky and was easy to track.  I watched it for 30 seconds and watched it fade out after it crossed California's central valley and approached Sierra Nevada mountains or above Auburn, California.  I noticed It had some bulk to it as It got closer and overhead, like a square with rounded corners but still looking like a star.  Looked at my watch after fade out, 12:01 AM June 18, 2012.;38.8897;-121.2873
