Saw large tear drop like craft hovering after 2 min vanished.;2001-07-20 00:00:00;2 min.;Saw large tear drop like craft hovering after 2 min vanished. I saw a strange low flying tear drop shaped craft. It hovered silently above the yard. Underneath craft was a long spiral like needle with shot small beams of light. Craft was black with 5 lights. After aprox. 2 min craft sped forward flashed a bright light then it vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.7066;-72.5745
Strange teardrop shapped object appeared in the sky above us!;2001-07-20 22:00:00;5 min? 30 min?;Strange teardrop shapped object appeared in the sky above us!   	Years ago, around July 20, 2001 I stepped outside, along with a family member, at about 22:00 to let our dog go to the bathroom.  It was not long before we heard a humming sound in the distance.  My family member and I simply ignored it and continued to wait for the dog to go to the bathroom.  Mysteriously, the dog began to bark at something behind us. 	The two of us turned to see the most unbelievable thing we ever set eyes upon coming towards us, over the tree tops.  It was a black, teardrop, shaped craft, about the size of house.  After a few moments the craft, still humming, was hovering above our heads. To our shock, it froze there and then lowered until it was only about twenty feet above our heads! It was then that we were able to see it quit clearly.  We observed several lights on the belly of the craft, one of them glowing mysteriously in the center. 	To our surprise, from this strange glowing light, a long, pointed needle, with a wire wrapping around it and meeting at the point, ejected.  This needle then sent down a focused beam of light, which suddenly expanded, then the light was gone and the needle was drawn back up into the light. 	The teardrop shaped craft slowly began to move forward again.  I, being curious, chased it, not wanting to allow it to escape.  The faster I ran, the faster it moved.  Suddenly, it sped forward in the direction the trees.  I thought for sure it would crash into them, but the moment that impact would have occurred, there was a dazzling flash of light and the craft vanished altogether, leaving behind only one trace: a patch of dead grass where the original beam of light had projected. 	Unsure off what had just happened we rushed back into the house, where another family member had watched the craft appear behind us from the window.  We assumed that this whole event had taken about two or three minutes, five at the most to occur, however she, and the clocks in the house, told another story: that we had been out for about a half-hour! She also said that the television signal was lost during this event. This mysterious occurrence puzzles us all to this day. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.7066;-72.5745
A mysterious craft was seen hovering above yard. Expirienced missing time following the incident.;2001-08-23 21:03:00;30 mintues;A mysterious craft was seen hovering above yard. Expirienced missing time following the incident. Around the night of August 23, 2001, I was walking my dog with my grandfather in the back yard of my grandparents house.   At approximately 9:03 PM the dog sat down and began barking quite loudly at something behind us.  We turned to see a bright light coming up from behind the house.   It was flying just high enough that it didn’t touch the top of the old oak tree in the yard.   Soon the object was directly above us and I had a very clear view of the craft.  It was almost shaped like the spade suit in a deck of cards.  The craft was massive and had to be at least forty feet, perhaps fifty feet, wide and perhaps fifteen feet high.  On the belly of it were several different colored lights.   On the exact center of the craft was a mysterious dome shaped light, it glowed a color that seemed eerily familiar, and yet like nothing I had ever seen before.  Also, it seemed as though the light were some form of cross between a solid and a liquid, as if it could hold its shape without need for containment but still allow objects to pass through it.   From this light an arm, with a long needle and a wire coiled around it attached to it, was expelled from the craft.  It was from the tip of this needle that a focused beam of light shot down from the craft.  The light hit the ground still concentrated, then seemed to explode in a flash.  Then the arm was pulled back into the light.  The craft then started to move forward slowly, and, being a fascinated child, I foolishly pursued it, however it sped up and blasted away.   Rather confused by what we just saw, my grandfather and I re-entered the house after what we believed to be only five or ten minutes.  My grandmother, however, claimed that we had been outside for nearly a half hour and the clock in the house agreed, while my grandfather’s wrist watch told us that only a few minutes had passed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));41.7066;-72.5745
