Shimmering multicolored light/sphere changes to circular configuration of lights and then back to sphere.;2014-02-15 23:45:00;45 minutes;Shimmering multicolored light/sphere changes to circular configuration of lights and then back to sphere. It was a cloudy night.  No stars were visible.  I noticed the light as I was going to sleep.  Thought it was an airplane at first.  Then saw it dip quickly.  Sat up in bed, not trusting my eyes.  Noticed it was quite odd-- not usual colors of airplane lights, and not moving through the sky like a helicopter or plane would just hovering in one place and sort of dancing in the sky.  I got up and went to the window, again in disbelief, wanting to get a closer look.  Realized it must be out over the Sound.  It changed from a watermelon kind of color to a lime green and then through various phases of color like pale orange.  It continued to make dips quickly in the sky and back into place.  I walked to another area of the house to see if I could still see it out other windows I could.  About 20 mins into watching, the light broke into about 5 small lights which appeared in a perfectly circular pattern,! whorled in a vertical circle, and then appeared as one light again.  I watched this light for approximately 45 minutes.  Attempts to take photos with my cell phone were disgustingly innefectual.  I could not get the phone to focus on the light, only on things nearby.  Suddenly, the light went out like a blip and was gone.  I kept waking up through the night to see if it was back.  Nothing.  Have not seen anything like it before or since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));48.0872;-123.1146
A large, silent, bright orange, hovering flying object, dimmed and brightened its lights, and then vanished.;2015-01-01 22:13:00;1-2 minutes;A large, silent, bright orange, hovering flying object, dimmed and brightened its lights, and then vanished. On New Years Day 2015 at approximately 10:13 p.m., we were just returning from going to the store and noticed a large, silent, flying object (to the east) that was bright orange (like fire) and hovered.  The night was slient - no sounds of planes, helicopters, or the like.  In fact, there were no sounds at all - not even of other vehicles or animals - only silence and us quietly discussing what we thought it was we were seeing.   Because we knew this was not an airplane or helicopter, I suggested taking photographs with my cell phone.  We took two photographs, one directly after the other (both logged at 10:14 p.m.) the changing shape of the object is evident in them.  It was bright orange in color, yet had a fog like haze around its perimeter.  I stated while viewing it that when really focusing on it with the naked eye, it appeared to be round in shape with a trail or spotlight appearing to be shining downwards.  Then, the object appeared to r! ise in altitude, the orange lights dimmed, brightened again very briefly and then it completely vanished leaving us feeling bewildered, curious, a tad bit nervous, but yet excited.   When it was all over with and we were discussing what we thought it was that we had seen and whether people would think we had lost our minds if we mentioned it, we heard cows mooing.  In fact, I made the statement, The cows are unhappy about something.  They continued to moo for at least an hour as if they were upset by something. Prior to releasing the photographs that we have, we would love to speak with an investigator.  We are also interested in whether anyone else reported this as we believe we cannot have been the only two people who witnessed this.;48.0872;-123.1146
