Colossal angular vessel gliding at low alt. over Olympic Peninsula, WA;2012-08-14 23:15:00;4 minutes;Colossal angular vessel gliding at low alt. over Olympic Peninsula, WA On the eve of Aug. 14th, 2012 approx 11:15 pm., my husband called my name from the front porch. I ran to his side to find him and my three children staring in awe at what appeared to be an aircraft of colossal size.  The night sky was crystal clear and littered with stars, yet the lights of the craft were distinctive. Five lights were visible at first sight, as the craft traveled North-South at a rate of speed and likeness of motion I can only compare to that of a blimp.  The distance between our vantage point and the object appeared to be very approximately 500-800 feet.  No “engine noise” was present, instead a fluxuating, “whirring”, or “humming” noise seemed to float down from it as it traveled at a very constant elevation (also unusually low for ANY aircraft, seemingly mere hundreds of feet above our treeline). Approx. 1min after the initial sighting, it began to turn, rotate rather, as if on a central axis.  It then began to travel from West-East, at the same rate, & elev.   After traveling another short distance, ( for approx. 1.5 min, )   It appeared to come to a complete stop, hovering in mid-air, as it again rotated on axis 90^.   Now heading due North, (the direction from which it had originally come), it proceeded on its way headed almost directly towards Protection Island, ( +/- 1.5 miles NW of mouth of Discovery Bay). I can distinctly remember being able to hear the wavering hum it emitted for a minute or two after it disappeared from view.;48.0872;-123.1146
Diamond shaped UFO with 2 large red/blue lights demonstrated erratic flight patterns in clear night sky;2020-05-10 23:40:00;7 minutes;Diamond shaped UFO with 2 large red/blue lights demonstrated erratic flight patterns in clear night sky I came out of my Man-Cave and happened to peer up at a clear star-lit night and noticed an interesting 2 tone light.  So I watched and saw it was moving towards me in an erratic manner.  It would stop and hover bobbing around, almost as if out of control.  Then it would go straight up, stop, wobble and start to move again.  At times it would drop straight down in altitude, then back up.  The only time it looked steady was when on the move.  While hovering it was all over the place. I grabbed a pair of 8X binoculars and got a pretty clear view of this amazing object.  Although a dark sky it looked like a diamond shape, longer horizontally than vertically.  What stood out the most were 2 large circles of light.  These circles seemed to be on the side facing me and took up 3/4 of the UFO side.  The circles were perfectly round.  The left circle was a deep red and the right circle a dark sky blue.  The lights/colors were not glaring, but rather flat with depth.  The lights did not flash, nor did they change.  Through the binoculars the beauty of these lights memorized me.  So perfect, so smooth/ depth dimensional.  I called out a friend and she confirmed what I saw.  Eventually this UFO started moving away and North towards the Straight of Juan De Fuca a few miles away.  As it left, again it would stop/hover in an unstable manner.  It again dropped straight down, then moved off eventually falling out of site below a near tree line.  There is a small airport nearby and I see private planes and helicopters.  The object I saw was no plane and flew far more erratically than a chopper.  Although it was originally about 1.5 times as high as other small craft flying by.  As I watched, it did drop to private plane altitude.  I would say it travelled in a semi circle arc covering 2-3 miles.  It was totally silent and I can hear the engines of private aircraft easily at similar distances.  If I had to estimate, this UFO was bigger than the local Coast Guard helicopter.  At least twice as big and bigger than a school bus.  More like 2 or 3 city busses stacked.  The light circles were disproportionally large.  There were no other lights and I could see the dark diamond shape.  The 2 large lights were always visible, so I got the impression this UFO never turned/rotated on axis from me.  I know what aircrafts are and can say with certainty, what I saw was like no other aircraft I've ever seen.  I will never get thos! e 2 huge lights out of my mind.  Was this a drone?  If it was it was far larger than any US military drones I've seen on TV.  Besides the 2 lights I found it's erratic instability at rest while hovering very unusual for a craft in the sky.  My reason for reporting this is in hopes someone else near me saw the same UFO.  Plus what I saw impressed me enough to report.;48.0872;-123.1146
