January 8, 2006 	I first observed a vertical rectangular dark colored object that looked to be hanging about 500 feet or so above the w;2006-01-08 14:00:00;45 - 60 seconds;January 8, 2006 	I first observed a vertical rectangular dark colored object that looked to be hanging about 500 feet or so above the western spit of Protection Island. The distance from my deck to approximately where the object was sighted would be about half a mile.  At that approximate distance the shape was about the size of an elongated vitamin held at arms length. I thought it unusual enough to run all out for the binoculars.   By the time I got out on deck there was nothing there.  I began to scan the area where I had first seen the object and then down back and forth on the water in line with the spit itself.  The only thing I picked up was what appeared to be an orange/red ball just floating on or near the spit part that is underwater - just very shallow.  My first thought was someone lost a buoy but after observing this object for about 10 - 20 seconds, it rose up at a rapid steep angle heading toward Victoria.  I thought then that it might be a balloon with the wind blowing it around.   When the object had been rising for about 5 seconds it looked like it reshaped itself back into the original dark vertical shape and picked up speed.   As I watched it heading away, from the time it rose up off the water as a sphere, transformed into the dark vertical shape, until I could no longer see it was no more than 30 - 45 seconds.   A very unusual event to say the least and influenced by no more than two cups of coffee.   This took place about 2 p.m.  There was no sound and I could observe no specific details on either the ball or the dark vertical shape.;48.0872;-123.1146
3 high speed  illuminated objects observed.;2012-12-31 19:30:00;~1 second;3 high speed  illuminated objects observed I sighted 3 very high speed items moving from the southwest toward the northeast.  The objects were small and were approximately 500 yards away from me, they were about 500 feet off the ground..   There was ZERO sound.  There was no flashing which might have first occurred were this from a gunshot.   They emitted their own light for there was a light reflection from the clouds at an elevation higher than the object. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));48.0872;-123.1146
Multiple bright orange orbs glowing in the sky and shedding droplets of light.;2014-01-01 00:00:00;35 minutes;Multiple bright orange orbs glowing in the sky and shedding droplets of light It was at midnight on New Year’s Day when I noticed the unidentified flying objects hovering the cloudless northern skies.  At first I began to think that the unknown objects were part of a firework display exhibited by the local residents.  Then upon focusing into the night sky, I quickly realized this was no firework display at all. The object began to fade in the sky about 45 degrees from the horizon from a tiny spectacle to a round, dark orange/amber glowing shape which magnified about three times its original size.  Once this object achieved its optimal size, it then flew south for approximately 15 seconds at an incredible speed and then decelerated.  The next segment is what caught my attention the most.  Once the object stopped from its propulsion like movement, it stood stationary glowing brighter and brighter in the sky with a strong hue of orange dominating its presence.   After standing still for about a minute, it then (in my best description) shed some droplets of light descending directly beneath from the original object at a distance not measurable with the naked eye.  This image reminded me of heating a metal to its melting point and then observing its free falling behavior as it was poured out of a ladle.  The object would then fade away into the darkened universe as if it traveled out of! our galaxy and onto the next.   This particular occasion occurred several times over the next 35 minutes and at one moment in time, there were as much as three “UFOs” in the sky simultaneously.;48.0872;-123.1146
