Huge Skyscraper Like UFO Observed Through Binoculars!;2021-05-16 22:40:00;7 Minutes;Huge Skyscraper Like UFO Observed Through Binoculars! Recently in Sequim, Washington State, I saw the most amazing thing ever and feel compelled to share this with all interested.  I now know the truth on this particular subject.  Sunday night 5/17/2021, at 22:40 I decided to hit the sack earlier than normal.  Partly because my 150lb Lab/Rot mix was pestering me, as he was ready to zonk out.  I left my Man-Cave and headed for the house.  As I reached my back door, I noticed something shimmering in the night sky.  It was a clear night, only a sudden weather change brought in some low clouds.  From here on I will relate my first impressions.  This shimmering object was quite a distance from me, to my left and at about a 65-degree angle up towards the NW.  It was in the atmosphere and may have been over The Strait of Juan de Fuca?   It looked long and lay horizontal in the sky.   At first, I thought it might be lights reflecting off an odd shaped cloud.  That's until I realized it was moving to the East.  Heck, that was no cloud!  The shimmering seemed hypnotic and perhaps caused by the atmosphere?  This object was going to pass right through my Northern view.  I estimate it was moving just a bit slower than a commercial Jetliner when they pass over.  At that point I knew this was something unusual.  So, I ran for my vehicle to retrieve a pair of binoculars and by the time I fished them out, the object was straight across from me.  I was facing North and when I peered through the optics at this object, my world changed!  I could not believe what I was clearly seeing, yet knew exactly what I was seeing... a craft, a real UFO!  Only this thing was HUGE!  I'll get right to the point... it looked like the Freaking Empire State building floating in the sky on its side, only bigger and perhaps more like the World Trade Center!!!  This clearly was a craft with 70 to 100+ windows patterened on its side.  Just like a skyscraper at night with about 30% of the windows dark/off.  The windows on were lit from within and surely what caused the shimmering.  These were not navigation l! ights.  Nor were they flashing.  The structure of this craft was clear.  It was like watching a Science Fiction Movie, when the big Mother Ship arrives to earth!  Only this thing was real and no way ours!  I was observing a side view, which seemed about 4 stories tall.  I did not see a top or bottom view or different angle of the craft.  Again, just picture the side view of a flying modern skyscraper.  Through my binoculars I saw structure.  No doubt in my mind this was a craft.  Stunned I watched as it moved to my right.  A much closer to me cloud bank would soon obstruct my view. When about one third of its front end was hidden by the clouds, it suddenly stopped.  Then its trailing end started rotating to the horizontal upward position and stopped at about 65 degrees.  At that point it descended.  I watched until fully hidden by clouds.  This craft was so big that I kind of expected to hear a crash!  None came and this entire event was silent.  If this craft was over water, it may have plunged in?  I know what I clearly saw- a huge UFO, now etched into my mind forever!  Certainly, someone else may have seen it and hope they come forward.  Hey US Military... there is NO Way you don't know about this object on this night!  Tell us the truth!  For me seeing is believing and I can now say for certain, UFOs, crafts not of this world are REAL!  I've shared this sighting with others who know me.  Yet few seemed surprised/excited, even care.  Oh well.  Seeing this craft filled me with a sense off... Now I Know!;48.0872;-123.1146
