Two objects very high up and very fast behave as if taking part in a chase;2004-09-12 21:30:00;15 minutes;Two objects very high up and very fast behave as if taking part in a chase I and a friend were outside after jumping on his trampoline. I looked up and noticed an object very high up and moving VERY fast. It seemed very high up because it was much smaller than even the small airplanes that I see a lot and it made no noise. Because it was so small and seemed shiny, it looked just like the stars around it. Because I didn't know exactly how high up it was, I couldn't guage the distance very well. However, it moved from star to star in the clear night sky very quickly. Every couple of minutes it would come to a dead stop and change direction completely. It seemed to be indirectly heading from east to west. After several minutes, another object of the same sort but a little larger joined it. It must have stood still the whole time because we had thought it was a star in the night sky and it startled us to see it move. It moved a bit faster in the same direction, only following one path. It passed from one star to the next in only one or two seconds. As soon as the second ship moved, the first and smaller ship began acting as if it were running away from it. The ships moved from east to west for several more minutes in the same manner and we went inside, still a bit startled and confused. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));48.0872;-123.1146
deep, throbbing, sound heard nothing sighted;2004-11-18 20:45:00;45 seconds;deep, throbbing, sound heard nothing sighted I would like to know if anyone else noticed this.  Last evening (November 18)  at approximately 8:45, I began to hear, over the sound of a radio broadcast on my computer, a wierd, deep, almost physical, 'thrumming' noise.  I muted the computer and could hear it somewhat better.  I stepped out onto the back porch to see if I could locate where it was coming from or see anything.  My dog stepped out with me.  It seemed to be receeding as we stepped out,  but it was coming from somewhere overhead. My dog, who was hoping that she was going to get to run off a racoon, stopped mid-stride and immediately assumed a 'Down' poslture.  She looked straight up, however, from this position.  She appeared  afraid to move for a few moments. My husband stepped out onto the porch but the sound had faded away by then.  I and my dog are the only ones that heard it but it was very strange.  It had the same sort of pressure/air pushing  sound that a Chinook helicopter makes when you hear it coming off in the distance.  However, it was very much slower than the sound of rotor blades. And, it was different from a Chinook sound in that it seemed much, much, bigger.  It actually scared me a little and I'm not a fearful person.It was a clear night but, from my vantage point, at least, there was nothing to be seen.;48.0872;-123.1146
