2 men saw craft appear as star and moved at lighting speed and disapear into another star.;1996-01-20 21:44:00;15 mintues;2 men saw craft appear as star and moved at lighting speed and disapear into another star. The craft was staionary. It appeard as a star in the sky for about 15 minutes. It moved so fast(faster than anything I have ever seen) from stationary position and dissappeard into another star next to it in the sky. One witness was with me at the time. Duration was about 4 to 5 seconds of craft movement. The craft was there for a long time sattionary but did appear as a star for a 15 mintue duration ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.4417;-74.9537
I'm a carpenter and married father of 2.5 kids (one's still in the oven). The kids and I were out for a bike ride on the D&R Canal path;2017-10-01 15:00:00;60 minutes;I'm a carpenter and married father of 2.5 kids (one's still in the oven).  The kids and I were out for a bike ride on the D&R Canal path and we stopped at the playground in Bull's Island Recreation Area around 3pm in the afternoon.  It was bright and sunny without any clouds in sight, and I noticed a single, extremely bright, but small, white to pale yellowish light at very high altitude.   At first I assumed it was a high flying plane that was reflecting sunlight.  I thought it was odd but didn't think much of it really.   After a few minutes I looked up again, not expecting to still see it there, but it was, and seemed like it had barely moved at all.   So at that point I started really paying attention to it and noticed it was slowly getting brighter then dimmer and even disappearing from sight completely sometimes.   Over the next hour or so it very slowly moved across the sky from the northeast toward the south, never actually reaching the horizon.  The kids eventually got bored at the playground, so we moved on to go walk across the foot bridge, and by the time we made it through the trees and into clear skyline, again, I couldn't relocate it.   I did attempt to take a few pictures with my iPhone, because it is all I had, but nothing can be seen in the photos.;40.4417;-74.9537
