Slow moving orange globes traveling from west to northeast, seemed to vibrate;2012-08-16 22:30:00;an hour;slow moving orange globes traveling from west to northeast, seemed to vibrate It was the second night of a five day camping trip.  My friend and I were the last two awake. While sipping on hot chocolate and deep in conversation I was staring off at the stars. I was looking at the big dipper and the area around it when all of the sudden a orange/gold ball of light slightly larger than the star it was next to (Dubhe) appeared in the sky.  I watched as it zagged to the right and down slightly, then back to the left and down slightly, then off to the right again before it disappeared.  It moved fairly slowly and almost seamed to be vibrating.   I turned to my friend and told her what I had just witnessed. We moved our chairs from under the tree so we could get a better view of the sky.  Within a minute or two of moving our chairs we saw another ‘appear’ travel a slightly erratic path from left (roughly west) to the right (roughly northeast), again it appeared to vibrate as it moved slowly across the sky.   We sat out watching the sky for a little! over an hour. Within that time we saw a total of 5 objects of the same description appearing from seemingly no where traveling in the same direction, vibrating through the night sky and disappearing.  There was no sound there were all the same color and mostly the same size. We saw satellites, planes, and meteors that night. None of them looked like the strange orange balls. The next morning my nephew came over to our camp kitchen and reported seeing the same thing. He described what he saw the same way, even the direction and reference to the ‘big dipper star’.  That evening, a mutual friend reported seeing 4 of the same objects in roughly the same sky locations at the same time in the next town over. Unfortunately the next two nights of camping were under cloudy skies and we were not able to catch anything else.;45.0718;-123.6306
