A solid light traveling fast across the sky suddenly would stop, change direction, and then accelerate again until lost on the horizon.;2014-09-17 04:45:00;5-10 minutes;A solid light traveling fast across the sky suddenly would stop, change direction, and then accelerate again until lost on the horizon. Looking North East from the right angle formed where N Weary Rd meets West Weary Road a light could be seen traveling roughly South West to North East.  Its position was just East of the big dipper (approximate).  Suddenly the light stopped moving and maintained it's position in the sky until it accelerated in seemingly random directions, zig zagging towards the horizon.  The light was solid and appeared to be around the elevation that a plane would fly.;42.7735;-89.2851
Zig-zagging distant orangish-white object/light, transversing sky to horizon, at fast rate of speed.;2014-09-17 04:45:00;5 minutes;Zig-zagging distant orangish-white object/light, transversing sky to horizon, at fast rate of speed At 4:45 am cst, two of my associates and I noticed an orangish-white satellite looking object in the southwest sky, at about 35 degrees to the ground, descending to the horizon at a fast rate of speed.  After a moment, against the backdrop of the surrouding stationary stars, the object could CLEARLY be seen abruptly maneuvering left to right in a zig-zag fashion as it moved towards the horizon, becoming smaller and more reddish in color than orange, until it disappeared from view. We had only just concluded a lengthy paranormal investigation on a rural road off of Highway 14 near Evansville, WI, when the object was spotted by my partner, a former army veteran.  The sighting lastest several long minutes and the entire event was recorded on the audio of my camera (the camera was aimed at the craft but our equipment was not high quality enough to capture the light or any stars in the sky). My research organization is called Prove It Paranormal Research Associates, and we would welcome anyone interested in listening to the recording of the event.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he sounded to us to be quite sincere about the sighting.  Because he is a fellow researcher, we have allowed him to include his name and the name of his organization in the report.  PD));42.7735;-89.2851
Zig-zagging distant orangish-white object/light transversing sky to horizon at fast rate of speed;2014-09-17 04:45:00;5 minutes;Zig-zagging distant orangish-white object/light transversing sky to horizon at fast rate of speed At 4:45am cst, two of my associates and I noticed an orangish-white satellite looking object in the southwest sky, at about 35 degrees to the ground, decending to the horizon at a fast rate of speed.  After a moment, against the backdrop of the surrouding stationary stars, the object could CLEARLY be seen abruptly maneuvering left to right in a zig-zag fashion as it moved towards the horizon, becoming smaller and more reddish in color than orange, until it dissapeared from view. We had only just concluded a lengthy paranormal investigation on a rural road off of Highway 14 near Evansville, WI, when the object was spotted by my partner, a former army veteran.  The sighting lastest several long minutes and the entire event was recorded on the audio of my camera (the camera was aimed at the craft but our equipment was not high quality enough to capture the light or any stars in the sky). My research organization is called Prove It Paranormal Research Associates and we would welcome anyone interested in listening to the recording of the event.  Thank you.;42.7735;-89.2851
