star appeared to be jumping back and forth between two points, very weird.;2003-05-15 01:30:00;approx. 15 mins;star appeared to be jumping back and forth between two points, very weird. My cousin and i were sitting outside late one night to smoke a cigarette when i saw movement out of the corner of my eye. I said to my cousin that i must be seing things because it looks like that star just moved, but he replied that he had seen it too. I focused my attention to that part of the sky and this star was stationary in one position then seemed to turn off and immediately reappear in another fixed location in the sky. this continued for several minutes each time the star would do this appearing and reappering in the same two spots each time, it seemed to stay in the original position that it was first spotted in for a longer time than the other. The best way i can describe it is if it was jumping back and forth between these too points. We saw no movement of this light from point a to b it just seemed like someone was flipping a light switch on and off. Also noteably it did not seem to be in the atmosphere although i could be wrong, and there was not a cloud one in the sky. It looked just like all the other stars in the sky except jumping and brighter than the surronding stars yet not the brightest object, i wouldn't say, in the whole sky. Now, i dont know about alien spaceship but it was definatly very weird and i have come across one other person whose decribed to me something very similar which he saw indepentantly and at a different time than me. I would like to know if anyone else has seen such a star because it bothers me to this day. I suppose it could be explained by some natural phenominon but i havent seen anything like it before or since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));32.5315701923077;-94.7668961538461
Rapidly and oddly moving amber light moving all over the sky;2017-02-16 21:00:00;2 hours;Rapidly and oddly moving amber light moving all over the sky I have been a huge skeptic all my life but after seeing what I have seen I know something is going on.  I saw this happening in the sky about 2 weeks ago and knew it was not of this world. It was a faint amber light that was high in the sky and would stall then move then zig zag around.  At times a flash of light in the shape of a crescent would come from it..my Mother saw this too, and it would stay in one area then zoom quickly to the other part of the sky.  Well tonight I saw it again and it is still out there doing this.  It doesn't stop.  It was all over the place doing the same things as before but this time it emitted 3 white dot like lights-best way to describe is like the flash when you take a picture-it did this twice then it for a second was shrouded by blackness (there were NO clouds)and came back out.  I followed it with my eyes as it joined (I couldn't believe this) what looked like 3 more faint amber lights..they like danced around each other.  Then that one took off again just zooming and zig zagging around the stars.  It would pause at times then take off in a quickness then zig zag around.  I found myself not even wanting to blink so I could keep up with it. I could stay out there all night watching it. Very mesmerized and perplexed.  I live out in the country and there are no city lights around.  I don't know what this is or what is going on but something is definitely happening up there.;32.5315701923077;-94.7668961538461
