Designed like a spare tire, dark back lit port blueish, had been hiding in a forest .;1994-10-15 21:00:00;2 to 3 minutes;designed like a spare tire, dark back lit port blueish, had been hiding in a forest . That evening i stopped to watch for great horned owls who were nesting in the woods north of the turn off where i parked to watch them. as i pulled off the road into a parking area and was unloading my chair blanket and supper from the truck i heard the sound of breaking branchs in the woods (pine thicket) just to my southeast about two hundred yards distance from my truck i stopped all movement and watched as a craft rose from the wooded area. it was shaped a lot like a spare tire and rose on edge like a standing tire. once well above (say fifty feet) it turned on it's axess leveled off with the hub cap side up. there was a slow glow from the center underside. it then moved off several hundred yards gaining height. once the glow started to waver it left going south by east and up and was out of sight in several seconds. back to the craft while it was getting set to move off i was able to get a very good look at it and on the tread edge there were things like piping and unit coverings. also what apeared to be ports (windows) none were lit but one was back lit by a blue ish light that came in from a hatch (door) the part of one wall i could see had what apeared to be pictures and the outline of some closed unit there was what apeared to be a inset bunk in the wall. craft over all color was dark no lights showed on the outside it was about 35 to 50 feet in diameter say about twenty thick moved without noise. the next day i ask one of the people (a pilot in the civil air patrol) i worked with if he would check with the local airport and see if they had a radar blips . the answer was nothing unusual ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.6524;-85.0142999999999
it was very bright silver, had a small round top on it;2004-09-30 18:00:00;just a few seconds;it was very bright silver, had a small round top on it My husband and I were setting on our deck watching the lake, I looked to the south and saw this bright silver object, it was fairly low in the sky , it appeared to float in the sky.. when I ask him what it was , it seems to disenagrate into thin air.. no sound at all;41.6524;-85.0142999999999
