A white orb traveled 1/4 of the sky.  It came to rest Se of the logging town of Alberta.  It disappeared 1 1/2 hours later. Completely.;2009-09-03 21:07:00;21:07-22:41;A white orb traveled 1/4 of the sky.  It came to rest Se of the logging town of Alberta.  It disappeared 1 1/2 hours later. Completely. First of all, at the time of this sighting I was not under the effects of drugs or alcohol.    At 9:07 PM (21:07) at the Ford Forestry Center in Alberta (L'Anse), MI, I was standing outside talking on a cell phone when I looked up to see what I suspected was a satellite.  Seeing satellites was extremely common place in Alberta, as the light pollution is very low.   As I watched the satellite, it drifted across the sky at what seemed like a much slower pace then any satellite I'd ever see had.  The object traveled roughly 1/4 of the visible sky.  As I watched, it came to a dead stop at a heading of southeast (I had a suunto compass readily available).  It then split into two separate white lights, much like stars and then re-merged together.   Not believing what I was seeing, I ran to one of my friends dorm room window and knocked on the window of one of my dorm mates.  I told her and every one else to come out and look at the star.  Her and 5 other of our class men came out and begin looking at the object, which swayed slowly back and forth, much like a pendulum.   We watched for a while until the object settled on a southeast heading and remained perfectly stationary.  We all wrote it off to our mind playing tricks on us, and it must be a normal star just flickering or giving the appearance of moving.   We all went back inside, but at this point I'd become suspicious.   Roughly an hour and a half after we first saw the object, I went back looking for it in the sky.  It had completely disappeared.   I got my friend out of her room again and she too confirmed the object where we'd been looking earlier was gone.  I did not get any pictures or videos of this happening since it was so slow in happening and I couldn't decide if I was seeing something noteworthy or average.   Looking back, there may have not been aliens, but there was something extremely unusual.;46.7671;-88.4143
