Bright diamond shape object in the sky.;2012-03-08 19:00:00;2-4 minutes;bright diamond shape object in the sky. I was driving from massanutten, va to grottoes, va.  I had just made a right turn onto route  340.  when I looked into the sky i noticed what looked like an airplane in flight.  The blinking tail light had me thinking that it was an airplane anyway. As I was driving I glanced up at the sky for a second time and noticed that the same flying oject that was moving to the right was now moving to the left.  i slowed down driving to pay a little more attention.  the next few seconds when i looked the object was very close and pretty bright.  It went from having one blinking tail light to a bright light.  It then had another line of light connect and another bright light and the another line and once again a bright light.  Totalling three lights in a line all connecting.  So strange I thought and stopped my car in the middle of the road.  I took a picture of the object with three lights and saved it to my phone.  I hit the end button on my phone and was getting ready to hit the gas i saw something incredible.  The middle light went out on the object and two other lights turned on.  They formed a diamond shape that was a little stretched.  They were very bright and close by.  They were all connected and under the lights were l! ike dashes of orange lights. I grabbed my phone to take another picture of the whole object.  I held it up to get a good shot.  I saw the object in my camera and also when i just looked.  As i was taking the picture the object dissappeared.  It was like poof,  to a cloud of smoke and with one last bright flash it was gone.  I then proceeded to drive along 340 looking for it to come back again. I called my sister and soon after arrived at her house.  I told her i wanted to show her the two pictures I took.  When i went to my pictures the pictures I took were gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.3751;-78.7827
