Bright light in the sky that reduces to a pin point, and quickly disappears.;2014-07-21 23:00:00;1 minute;Bright light in the sky that reduces to a pin point, and quickly disappears. I had taken one of my dogs out, and I noticed what looked like a very bright star in the north eastern sky.  It was so bright that I thought it was probably a planet rather than a star, and I wondered if I could get a look at it through my husband’s telescope.  Suddenly the object dimmed to almost a pin point.  It seemed to be moving horizontally for a moment, but I really couldn’t tell.  Suddenly, it was just gone.  It went from being what seemed to be an unusually bright white star/planet in the night sky to being completely gone in less than a minute.   It disappeared without a trail or any obvious movement.  It was not a falling star or any kind of air craft that had colored lights.   I did see the red/green flashing lights of an air craft in the south eastern sky a few moments later.;38.8669;-82.114
A single light moved across the horizon, while it made a low, rumbling sound.  The light disappeared, and the sound stopped.;2016-11-02 19:30:00;<60 seconds;A single light moved across the horizon, while it made a low, rumbling sound.  The light disappeared, and the sound stopped. It was approximately 7:30 pm EST, and I was taking my dogs out in the yard.  I immediately heard a low, deep rumbling noise. It was an odd, unsettling sound unlike anything I have ever heard.  I looked around to see if I could see anything in the sky.  I saw a single, solid point of orangish/redish light moving across the horizon to the North from right to left.   I wasn't sure what the object was, but it didn't seem like a plane because there was only one light, and there were no blinking lights or other colored lights.  The object moved slowly in a straight line.  It appeared to be moving over the AEP Gavin Power plant across the Ohio River.  However there was no real way to know how far away it was.   As I was watching the object, it suddenly went out/disappeared, and the low rumbling noise stopped immediately.  This was the most disturbing part because it was obvious that the noise was associated with the light.  If the noise had continued,  I would have just assume! d that the object went into cloud cover. I didn't get any video because it was so small, and I would have been shooting in the direction of a street light.  I didn't even really have time to get my phone out before it disappeared, and the sound stopped.;38.8669;-82.114
