I saw a large triangular craft with 3 non flashing/blinking lights just above my car.;1999-06-15 23:30:00;1hour;I saw a large triangular craft with 3 non flashing/blinking lights just above my car. In June of 99,and friend and I were traveling out a curvy road to my home. We were halfway there,and saw a very large triangular shaped craft,with 3 bright white lights at each end, the lights did not blink or flash. The craft was just above the car and was moving at about the same speed as I was about 35mph. It was going the same direction also. We arrived to my home, and hurried up and was going to look at the craft from the back porch,we ran from the car inside one door and my friend ran out the back door to look at the craft closer. I did not make it to the back porch,because I heard a strange noise coming from my bathroom. My hairdryer was running on high speed. I had not been home since 3pm that day,it was now around 11:30pm. And I have never left my hairdryer of all things on and running. No one else had been to my home and the door was still locked as I left it. I remember turning my hairdryer off and then meeting my friend back in the kitchen area where my back porch door was located. I do not remember what happend after that. Recently, in May of 03, i discussed this with my friend and she did not remember the whole occurence. I had to keep talking about it with her over and over..and she still isnt sure if it even happend or not. Im not sure if time was lost or not,if it was,then it wasnt that long.Prior to this incident, I would see from time to time red lights coming from outside of my windows at night time,and my neighbors told me it was probably hunters. But once there was a very bright light prior also to this sighting coming in all windows of my downstairs. My friend told me she did not turn any lights on that the lights were coming in the windows from the outside,and she was so scared she covered her head up and would never stay there again. I have since moved away from that area and the house had been torn down. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in June 1999 is approximate.  PD));38.8669;-82.114
