Strange object circles my backyard!;1989-06-15 02:00:00;10 minutes;Strange object circles my backyard! I found this site by accident or else i would have posted this when it happened and with more accuracy.  I was in my living room sitting in the dark talking on the phone when I noticed out my picture window lights moving in the dark sky.  Thinking nothing about it, I continued on the phone still watching the lights, when I noticed they were coming towards my house. Thats when i became alarmed.  I told my friend on the phone about this as it was happening.  Now my house sits atop a big hill and I have a large tree in my backyard at the bottom and this thing with flashing green white and red lights started moving in a circular motion in the backyard between my house and this tree.  Well I sit on my knees looking out the window watching this thing making a circle in my yard.  I open my window to listen to it and there is nothing to hear! It's size is maybe comparable to an SUV, maybe a little bigger.  Anyway, after 1 1/2 circles, it stops and, OMG!, it turns on a VERY! bright white light that shines directly into my living room!  My two year old by this time has awaken and come in to see what was going on, had fallen back to sleep on the couch, was awaken again by this bright light.  It was so bright and even gave off heat!   By this time I was scared to death.  It was like it had seen me watching it.  So I ducked below the window.  After a few seconds the light went off and it continued to finish its circle in the yard and then it slowly headed north for about 10 seconds or so, then very very quickly it flew out of sight! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));38.8669;-82.114
Odd lights in the sky around Point Pleasant WV.;2013-07-25 02:43:00;10 minutes;Odd lights in the sky around Point Pleasant WV At around 0240 noticed a stobe like flashing in the sky,  It was of multiple colors ie...  Red Green White and stayed in one set location like it was hovering.  Me and my wife at first dismissed it as maybe being a plane in the sky getting ready to land but there is no airport in the vicinity of the lights to the best of or knowledge.   This is not the first time we have noticed things like this.  About a month ago our son noticed what looked to be a ball of fire in the sky we thaught maybe a star or something of that nature.  But then the ball stopped and just hovered around then went back in the direction it started then some more hovering, then back again but then as we were focused on this it just disappeared in a matter of seconds.  We also seen a lite white in color like a star but it just got super brite almost like it was warming up and it appeared to be glowing then it was gone.  All these sigtings we have been able to dismiss as aircraft or stars for the fa! ct that stars don't have multiple colors and don't move and stop like these were.  And air craft seem to move in a set direction and at a slow speed these did not move in a set direction but where ever they wanted and they seem to move slower or faster than aircraft.   We wish we knew what they were.  We tried recording them but they did not show up on camera.;38.8669;-82.114
