triangular shaped craft with lights at each point, rotating over remote northern Canadian town. report 30 minutes after witnessing.;2007-10-13 01:59:00;Approxmately 2 minutes;triangular shaped craft with lights at each point, rotating over remote northern Canadian town. report 30 minutes after witnessing. Within moments of finishing work, in the early morning hours of Thursday, December 13th, 2007, I witnessed what I believe to be an Unidentified Flying Object.  Just short of 2:00, while driving home from work, I witnessed strange lights in my rear-view mirror. At first, I thought it was a police car pulling me over for a routine traffic stop, but that was not the case. When I came to a stop sign, I looked back, and I saw the lights floating in the air. I put my vehicle in park and stepped outside of my vehicle to get a better look and that’s when I saw the shape of the craft.  It was a triangular shaped craft. The points of the triangle were rounded. The lights, the color that I can only explain as being a “yellow that was almost white”, were just on the inside of the angle of the points.  The craft appeared to be rotating, floating still in the air. From where I was parked, the craft appeared to be approximately five hundred meters away, in area on the outskirts of my town, known as Meadow Creek, which is on the south end of town.  From where I was, the craft appeared to be approximately the size of a small sedan perhaps the size of mine (Chevrolet Corsica).  After witnessing the craft, I immediately rushed home to grab my digital camera to take a picture of it. When I returned to where I had seen the craft, it was gone.  This report is being filled out at 2:25 on the same day that I witnessed the craft, so I do not know if there are any other witnesses to this craft.  This sighting comes off local reports of strange lights being seen on the north side of town last night during the early morning hours of December 12th, 2007. My grandmother, as well as other locals saying they witnessed three “strange” lights in “formation” in the sky. I did not witness that event.;48.5234;-80.3081
