The disk hovered only feet above me, the top and bottom of the object non-moving while the middle spun fast like a top- near Holt FL;2011-03-24 20:40:00;5 minutes;The disk hovered only feet above me, the top and bottom of the object non-moving while the middle spun fast like a top- near Holt FL So I'm driving down Interstate I-10 on my way to my folk's house in Florida when it happens.   At first, a slow blinking of lights off in the distance in front of me: red on the right, then green on the left, back and forth, blinking as slow as the lights you'd see warning you of an incoming train, but high into the air, and large.  My first thought was obvious, a low flying plane with unusual lights?  But no, for i was approaching it at a speed and closeness that seemed wrong, so then my next thought was of one of those towers, warning the low flying planes of danger, those big flashing red ones high in the sky.  (Even though this was green and red, and way too low, i settled for that answer.) Although I settled for simplicity, for some reason my gaze did not waver and as i approached it, i stared still doubting myself.  Then suddenly it came starkly into view. A solid disk, (almost predictable) shape spinning like a top from chaos' hand.  Spinning so fast and yet moving none, just hovering right above the dark tree line to my right.   Although around me everything was dark, i saw plain as day, the silver exterior forming the eye shaped object to the right over my head.  The top and bottom of the strange thing was still, non-moving but the mid section spun amazingly fast to the right. (like G-force?)  It hovered only 10ish feet above my car, it couldn't have been much bigger than two vans side by side, not a goliath but bigger than me and my vehicle. I immediately pulled my car off the highway, hit my warning lights and without even turning off the car, jumped out, shaking and crying with fear and excitement.  I stood by the side of the road, cars blinding past, and looked longingly and fearfully to where the magnificent and strange thing once was... but nothing.  No sign in the sky that anything ever happened, and though i studied the skies all that night, they did not visit again. (This happened a mere 8 hours ago and I'm still shaken, the whole ride home I couldn't help but look up to the tree line and a sharp pain would enter my heart and i'd be struck with genuine fear and start once more shaking.  It was a beautiful and simply horrifying experience. One, if not the strangest thing to happen to me in my young 23 years.  On the way home, only the soothing voice of my family, boyfriend and George Noory could soothe me.)  To the stars!;30.7411;-86.7186
