Three large round objects lined up along Hwy 35 and an identical object followed me home.;2008-10-27 18:00:00;1 hour;Three large round objects lined up along Hwy 35 and an identical object followed me home. On Monday Oct. 27, 2008 while driving home from work, I observed three large circular objects low in the sky just to the west of Hwy 35, near Liverpool Texas.  I slowed as much as possible to get a better view.  If I had to do it over I would have pulled over and gotten out to at least take a photo with the camera in my phone.  I observed them for as long as possible through my side mirror. I then turned to the east off of Hwy 35.  I drove the one mile to our subdivision.  As I turned into the subdivision, I saw at the end of the street another of the large circular objects low in the sky, just above the tree line.  I was frightened at first thinking that one of the three had followed me home because I had observed them. I very slowly drove down the street keeping my eyes on the object in the sky.  As I came to the end of the street, I stopped and stared up at the object through my windshield.  After about 30 seconds, the object suddenly moved up over and behind the trees, as if to hide from my view.  I could see it through the trees and very slowly turned towards my street. As I came to my street I had to turn my back to the trees where the object was positioned.  As I drove down the street I turned to look behind me and saw the object very quickly coming over the trees behind me.  I stepped on the gas to get as much distance as possible between the object an myself.  I arrived home and got my husband from inside the house to accompany me to the street to see the object.  He too saw the object. Since that day I have been more aware of the movements in the sky and have seen many more things that would not have been a plane or helicopter.  But no others came as close as the one that appeared to have followed me home. Another incident: Two years ago on my way into Alvin early in the morning, I had to stop behind a school bus picking up children.  As I was waiting, it appeared to be a shooting star or meteor coming out of the sky from the west to the east.  It suddenly stopped in the air and the debris that followed it fell past the object. As soon as possible, I passed the school bus and hurried to see what it was that I had observed.  I could still see the object in the sky ahead of me.  I suddenly found myself underneath the object.  I rolled down my window and stuck my head out to get a good view.  It was shaped like nothing I had ever seen.  It was sort of an hour-glassed shape with lights on either end and a light on the underneath.  I could hear a hum and the pitch would change as the object would light up on one end and move in that direction.  It changed directions several times.  Then it slowly began to move to the west away from the highway.  I drove to the Kroger parking lot and watched it until it was out of sight.;29.2672;-95.2869
