Four dim , glowing objects, flying north to south in changing formation.;2010-09-03 21:05:00;30-45 sec.;Four dim , glowing objects, flying north to south in changing formation. I was in my back yard using 10 power binoculars and facing east. I was panning from north to south and back again, when when the sighting began. Looking almost directly east, I saw four objects in formation. Two were parallel to each other in the center of the formation. Two more were to ether side of the central objects they were slightly behind the two in the center.  As the objects proceeded to the south, the positions of the objects shifted relative to each other, but the formation maintained itself in pretty much the same small area of sky. As the formation reached the farthest point south that I could follow them , the lowest or eastern most object drifted east, or below , the other three objects a very noticeable distance, but then soon after returned to the formation. Soon after this, the sighting ended due to sky conditions making it nearly impossible to follow them further. The best way to describe their appearance is that they looked like very dim  light sabers  as seen in the StarWars films !  They were thin and much longer than they were thick ,and they glowed dimly. Through binoculars, they all were the same size and appearance the length of each was perhaps one - fifth the diameter of a full moon. The edges of the objects were indistinct, due to the glow the objects apparently emitted, yet they seemed to be solid and rigid. Had I not been using binoculars, I doubt that this sighting would have been possible. I believe the objects would have been too small and dim to be seen naked-eye from my light-polluted location.  I am an amateur astronomer and have taken a course in extreme weather watching, provided by the National Weather Service. For me , this sighting falls into the  Five-Percent  Category  for being an unexplainable sighting.  These objects travelled as fast or faster than fighter planes and displayed no other lights than the dim, orange glow they exhibited. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the author of the report implies an evening sighting.  We have amended the time above, to reflect that fact.  PD));41.6078;-87.7523999999999
Loud aircraft with bright colored lights buzzes my neighborhood.;2013-10-23 18:00:00;12 seconds;Loud aircraft with bright colored lights buzzes my neighborhood. On 10-23-13 at approximately 18:00 hours, I was testing a telephoto lens outdoors with my camera, taking video footage of a passing commercial airliner, when I heard an approaching craft equipped with numerous lights.  I videoed the craft as it buzzed my position.  A row of lights were arrayed on what appeared to be the leading edge of the craft those lights were colored , in the following order from left to right: light-green, white, orange, white, and orange.  As this craft was about to pass over my position, the center, orange light turned red, then back to orange, in a very short period of time, yet not what I would call blinking.  Above the center light were two, closely spaced, horizontal orange lights  these lights also changed colors , changing from orange to red and green.  The shape was not discernable, but the first impression I got was that this was a propeller driven or turbo-prop airplane at full throttle, that was agressively buzzing quite low over my neighborhood.;41.6078;-87.7523999999999
