BLUE GREEN Cylinder/Bullet object with RED aura seen over Yerington, Nevada;2005-06-05 21:35:00;2-5 seconds;BLUE GREEN Cylinder/Bullet object with RED aura seen over Yerington, Nevada On 5 June 2005, at approx. 2135 hrs. my vehicle along with another vehicle were travelling north on Alt 95 Hwy a few miles north of Yerington, Nevada. There were 4 adults in the two vehicles. We were travelling together and were in communication by portable radios. My business partner called me on the radio, and asked DID YOU SEE THAT? I answered him and said YES! and explained to him I thought it was just a reflection in the window from passing cars. The object was seen at the above time and date.  As we were travelling north, and I always carry a GPS handheld, I instantly looked at the time, and turned on the GPS for the exact location. The object came from out of NNE at about 30 degrees off north. I estimated the object at 35 degrees off the horizen, it was travelling at an angle of 25 to 30 degrees heading towards the mountains in front of our direction of travel in which the object disappeared behind after 2-3 seconds of the sighting. The object came in from the east heading in a west direction.  The object was cylinder shaped, even a bullet shape as my business partner descibed it. The object made no sound, no other a/c were noted in the area, no other lights were seen after or prior to the sighting. The object did not emit any other objects or lights. What all that saw the object was a RED aura on the bottem, and a BLUE/GREEN light half way up the object, this aura light was bright in intensity. Holding out my hand at arms length, the size of the object was 1/4 inch thick and 1/2 inch long. Taking a best educated guess, this was a very large object! Because of the darkness of the mountains and trees in the area, I could not reference a distance and or a true altitude. As we were at about 3-4000 feet in altitude, my best guess the altitude was at least 10,000 to 15,000 feet  (See drawing enclosed, lines are only drawn to show direction and movement)  As my spouse was driving,(she did not see the object) I was in the passenger seat of our VW Jetta. I noticed the object coming out of the right corner of the window coming in from the east towards the mountains in front of us...  The mountains were about 30-40 miles north of our position, as Hwy. 50 crosses Hwy Alt 95 which goes into Silver Springs, Nevada.  My business partner and I compared notes at to what we both saw. The other witness was a 20 year old woman, who was driving my business partners car also at the time of the sighting. (Their statements will be posted or mailed at a later date.) My business partner is 22 years old, works at a casino and owns his own internet business, the woman is 20 and works at a resturant. My background is 12 years in the USAF, several years in financial services and many years self employed. From my military experince, this was no known military or commercial aircraft that I know of. I have witnessed meteors, fireballs, and resently while in Colorado Springs, Colorado the falling of space junk which lit up the sky in a shower of sparkler lights... In all my years I have never seen anything that would remotely compare to what this object was. I would say it was a solid object, with a RED aura on the bottem and a BLUE/GREEN upper half and shaped like a cylinder/bullet in design. The estimated speed that the object was moving? Taking a college guess I would estimate the object travelled over 20-30 miles in 2-3 seconds. Estimated location of object Lat 39.06826 N    Long 119.14044W  NOTE: The following day, while in Reno, Nevada, my business partner did experience a severe nosebleed for about 5 min. Again, he is 22 years old, and expressed to me, that he had never had a nosebleed before. His mother even lived in Reno, and he was sorta used to the altitude. I did tell him it could be the altitude and the dryness that may of caused the nosebleed episode.  At the time of our sighting of this unknown I would estimate there were a half dozen other vehicles going north in front and behind us because the main Hwy 95 was flooded out due to a dam breaking and flooding the highway at Fallon, Nevada. So several vehicles had to be detoured. Hopefully, others will call or send in their reports from that area.  As mentioned, the two other witnesses will submit their reports to me shortly, and I will forward these to NUFORC.;38.9846;-119.1556
Shiny cylindrical object.;2016-06-25 07:00:00;30 seconds;shinny cylindrical object while coming home from a camping trip in Tahoe on alt 95 just before entering Yerington I caught a glare from something in the sky (it almost blinded me as the morning sun reflected strongly off it).  I looked to see a silver cylindrical object hovering about 35 miles south west of Yerington.  The object quickly vanished from my view.;38.9846;-119.1556
