Sled like and Oval shaped Objects with colored lights. Lakeside Beach area Webster Ma;1981-12-25 00:00:00;Few minutes;Sled like and Oval shaped Objects with colored lights. Lakeside Beach area Webster Ma Our unexplained experience happened in 1981 Christmas Eve 12/24 between 12:30 AM-1:00 AM . My ex – husband, myself and my children were driving home from a family Christmas Party. It was very late and it was very dark because the road we were on was Lakeside Ave Webster Mass , and at that time didn’t have many light poles. As we came up to the Lakeside Beach I saw to my left just above the trees some type of thing that looked like a huge sled. It was only about 20 -25 feet up.  It had 2 running blades that had different colors blinking. I remember blues and reds, it was so quiet and the air was so crisp and clear that night. All I remember hearing is the crunching of the snow under the tires.  I don’t know why but I don’t remember being scared.  The object was probably there for a couple of minutes, I’m not sure because we hurried home, went to bed and never spoke about it.  I didn’t speak about it because at that time I didn’t remember it.  I just found out r! ecently that my  ex-husband recalled everything that night.  When I started recalling what had happened was around 1999. My husband now, myself and kids went up to North Conway, NH, I believe around 2006 for an annual vacation that year.  We were all talking about scary things and I decided to tell them what I had experienced, now remember, I hadn’t talked about it because I had only just remembered it a few years back.  As I told them about the sled one of my son’s stopped me from continuing and said, “Yes, you told Dad to get back in the car”.  I looked at him and said you saw it?  He said “Oh yes” my son only remembers a very bright white light. He said that his Dad said, “Oh, we better hurry and get home because it looks like Santa is coming”.  I don’t recall any of that conversation.  I asked my son how long he remembered it and he said he thinks he’s always remembered but he too never talked about it until I brought it up.  None of my other kids remember anything from that night. So to make matters weirder my ex-husband did not see a sled type of craft on the left side of the road.  His recollection is it was directly in front of us just behind some house where there was a marsh area.  He explained it was enormous oval shape with many colored lights and a large white light coming from it.  He said he always remembered seeing it but doesn’t know why we didn’t talk more about it.  He does not recall any conversations, but said all of the children were awake. I still ask myself why I didn’t remember something so incredible.  Over the years my son has seen a couple of unexplained objects in the sky. I have never seen anything again although I have had 2 unexplained instances.  The first was I woke up one morning and had a long scratch on my thigh, which has left a scar.  Then another time I woke up with a bad burn on my arm which also left a scar.  I felt no pain until I woke up. I don’t understand why now I need to tell this story, but I do.  It’s been bothering me for so many years.;42.0521000000001;-71.8486
