Hovering solid and pulsing white lights, Pulsing white and colored lights, Mutliple sightings.;2014-02-15 21:30:00;1 minute;Hovering solid and pulsing white lights,  Pulsing white and colored lights,  Mutliple sightings. I have set the event date as the approximate date of the last sighting, along with the corresponding approximate duration, time, and location. The first unusual thing I saw was a few days before Halloween. I'm not sure of the exact date. I was traveling Rt. 395 West at approximately 7PM in the Auburn area.  Off to the left about a mile or so away I would guess, a white streak came straight down, appearing close to the ground, and then disappeared.  I thought it could be a meteorite, but thought it unusual that the streak would appear so close to the ground and be perpendicular in relation to the ground.  The streak appeared for about a second or so before disappearing.  There was no flicker or debris trail that I could see, but appeared as a white ball of light with a solid white streak behind it. A few days after that, I was traveling Route 9 West in Westborough between 5:30 and 6:00PM. I noticed an unusually bright light traveling left to right across the sky. I lost sight of the object as it continued across the sky. I was traveling down Rt. 20 West in the Shrewsbury/Worcester area shortly after. I could see what may have been the same object from a good distance, probably a couple miles or so ahead. As I recall, it was two same-size solid white lights facing outward toward my direction, positioned horizontally to each other with smaller colored lights in the middle that were pulsing. The object remained stationary. The white lights were bright, but did not appear to project an outward beam like a searchlight or headlight. The lights were bright, but did not have a glistening brightness to them like a flashlight might. The brightness was closer to something like a traffic light. The white lights were circular and large. I can only guess at their diameter, but based! on how low it seemed to the ground, I would guess they were at least searchlight-size or larger. At first, I wasn't sure if it was the position and trajectory of the object in relation to my vehicle that made it seem as if the object wasn't moving, but as I got closer I could see that it was hovering, maintaining the same position directly above Route 20. I would estimate it to be 500 to 1,000 feet above the ground, but I couldn't see the shape of it. I ultimately passed directly under it's position, which was further confirmation that it was hovering in place. I was excited to find out what other people would report, if this would be on the news, etc., as this was during rush hour, and at a minimum, hundreds if not more people would have seen this same low-to-the-ground object. I was very disappointed to find absolutely nothing in the news or anywhere online about the incident. A few days after, on Route 20 West in the Shrewsbury area, also during rush hour, the same or s! imilar object was hovering just to the right of Route 20. This! time it appeared to be lower to the ground, and there were multiple lights both white and colored, but the lights were dimmed to such a degree that you might miss it if you weren't paying attention. They had a consistent low-light glow, no flickering or blinking that I recall. The object would have been noticeable to anyone traveling in that area, and may have been in a different configuration from the one I had seen days before. I have never seen anything with dimmed lights flying in the sky or hovering above the ground before this, so it was very unusual indeed. Again, I passed by it with it hovering above me off to my right. I can't speak as to whether the object made any noise either time, as there was moderate to heavy traffic all around, along with the noise produced by my own vehicle. I have seen strange lights in the Route 9 and Route 20 area before, but nothing as noticeable or that was recurring like this. There are planes and helicopters that commonly fly around this are! a, but I've never seen anything like or similar to this, and I have been traveling these same routes around the same time, Monday through Friday, for several years. Another few days after the last sighting, I was approaching the on ramp to Route 395 North near Exit 3 in Webster. On approach to the entrance I noticed multiple large white lights that were stationary part way above the tree line. I believe there were four of them. I don't remember specifically, but I believe two or more lights were pulsing. At the time I thought they may have been night time road work/construction lights or something similar, so I didn't pay much attention to them, and it didn't occur to me as unusual until after I turned onto the highway.  Although I had been this way many times, I am not familiar with all areas of the town.  I have since been down the road the trees are adjacent to, and there are no roads in the area or anywhere nearby that align with the top of the trees, and I saw no lights of this kind anywhere.  I have never seen those lights before or since in that area, and have traveled the same way many times since and during the same time of day.  If this were the same object I had seen before, I would guess it's length across to be 40 to 60 feet across. Over the next few months I would see this same or very similar configuration of white lights. The next time would be in late December on Route 395 South in the Auburn/Oxford area in the evening around 6:30. The object was to my right and was higher in the sky than I had seen it at other times, but again was relatively low to the ground. I could not see the shape of it, but the configuration of lights was the same, a row of four horizontal, outward facing white lights. I could clearly see the two lights in the middle that remained solid, and the lights on either side pulsed. All lights appeared to be the same size. There may have been a faint colored blinking light near the middle of the white lights. There was also a single pulsing white light that appeared to be close to the row of lights and approaching it from left to right in the sky. The single light was similar in intensity, but I can't say with any certainty how far it was from the row of lights. The next time I saw these lights was around 6:30PM on January 9th near and to the left of Route 20 approaching the entrance to Route 395 South in Auburn/Worcester area, but this time there were only two large solid white lights, same configuration, horizontal and outward facing, and again hovering relatively low to the ground. I would see the lights with my wife the next time in the Auburn area in the evening. I believe we were either on Route 20 or had just entered a side road intersecting with it. Same two white lights, same lowness to the ground, and again either motionless or moving very slowly. This is the first time my wife had seen the lights. In late January, early February, I saw the same lights again during my evening commute from the end of the on ramp going from Route 9 to Route 20 West. As I yielded to traffic at the end of the on ramp and looked to the left for traffic before entering, my eyes were drawn upward where I saw the same two white lights. I could onl! y pause for a couple seconds or so, but again the object appeared to be motionless or moving very slowly. I would guess it was about one-half to one mile away, and perhaps a couple thousand feet up. I have seen the moon, basically in the same position in the sky. This was not the moon. The next thing I saw was during my evening commute on February 11th. It was a brief red flash on Route 20 West. It appeared to be a few miles away, and lasted only a moment. It appeared, and then it was gone. From where I was the shape looked like an egg on its side with it going smaller to larger left to right. In the smaller area to the left there was a small white flash. I saw a bright white light in the vicinity of where I believe the flash occurred. It appeared unusually shaped, and I saw it at certain points in the sky for a few minutes as I was heading home. My wife saw the two white lights again while driving on Route 395 within a few days of my last sighting, this time hovering in the vicinity of exit 3. To this date, that is the last time either of us has seen the lights. We never saw the shape of the object. I am open to the possibility that these occurrences are all explainable as something ordinary, but I also have to consider how unusual and unlikely something like this is - the unusual and similar nature of the lights occurring multiple times in different areas, but within the same 30 mile radius. I was happy to find some similar, and some very similar sightings by others at NUFORC.org, MUFON.com, and YouTube.com. Whether ordinary or extraordinary, I look forward to seeing these lights again, and hope to come to know what they are. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.0521000000001;-71.8486
I saw an orange glow as what I seen seemed to burn across the sky. It was about midnight 10/20/15 in Massachusetts and the object was h;2015-10-20 00:00:00;3-4 minutes;I saw an orange glow as what I seen seemed to burn across the sky.   It was about midnight 10/20/15 in Massachusetts and the object was headed N  NE.  It appeared to have debris falling and burning and went as far across the sky as I could see. ((NUFORC Note:  We have investigated whether the object might have been a re-entering satellite, but none were recorded for that date.  We express our gratitude to Ted Molczan, an amateur satellite-tracker in Canada, for the satellite information.  PD));42.0521000000001;-71.8486
