Red Sphere moving at near light speed.;1995-07-20 22:00:00;3-5 minutes;Red Sphere moving at near light speed. on summer night in late July 1995. I went with a couple friends of mine to a local lookout area. I was 19 at the time.  We got to the very secluded place (Beauty Spot, Erwin, TN, 36°07'03.2N 82°19'59.0W) and sat on the tailgate of my truck watching the sky till it got dark.  Not long after darkness fell, I noticed a red star in the sky that was wiggling.  By that, I mean moving almost imperceptibly back and forth.  I watched this for several minutes trying to decide whether the motion was real or not.  Once I decided that it was, I elbowed my friend and said, Hey man, look at that.  As soon as I did this, as though it cued the event, the light rushed down out of the sky and grew as it approached us. It came to within a hundred yards or so of us.  One of my friends yelled and ran.  The other of my friends and myself stared in wonder at the light for about 2 minutes.  It was very difficult to determine many details about it, but I wi! ll list what I observed: 1) It was an absolutely brilliant red sphere, it lit up the whole damn valley. 2) It seemed perfectly spherical. 3) It was ~50 feet in diameter. This is a rough estimate as I wasn't really sure how close it was to us. 4) It emitted no sound whatsoever. So, we watched this, one of my most vivid memories of my friend is when I looked over at him and saw him in full rictus bathed in that red light. After the 2 minutes or so had passed, the light lazily floated away from us for a few seconds and then shot up with unimaginable speed. I saw sparks fly off of the light as it passed through the atmosphere. Then, it winked out and was gone. The take off, escape from Earth, and winking out may have taken only a single second. After the event my friend and I got into the truck and drove around a mile down the road and found our friend. Then I drove home and no one said a word. We were all totally silent the whole way. In shock, I guess. Many, many times I tried to bring this up with my friend who was there, and he would always acknowledge that it happened and then quickly change the subject. If I pressed, he would get angry and clam up. He passed away in 2006 and we never really had a chance to talk about it. My other friend, the one that ran away, I met again only a few times as we weren't very close. It was basically the same thing with her, evasive, unsure, and eventually angry if I tried to discuss it. I noticed her at a high school football game about 4 years ago and tried to broach the subject, but she was again evasive.;36.1332;-82.4122
