blue and red lighted  object dancing above the Duckabush River;2009-07-18 02:00:00;20 minutes;blue and red lighted  object dancing above the Duckabush River I went outside to have a cigarette at 2:00 AM.  I was looking at all the stars,such a clear night.  I looked above a tree in my yard and saw a light moving to the left and right of the top of the tree, ever so slowly.  I thought,why would there be a helicopter out this time of day.   Then it just went up, down,sideways,it just seemed to dance.   I got my spotting scope out and saw it had blue-like a translucent blue light,and red, flashing all around it.  I watched it for 20 minutes and it finally zoomed off to the west.   Now that I have seen one with my own eyes I am truly a believer, and feel blessed to have witnessed such a awsome experience.  Too bad my camera was down on my boat! ((NUFORC Note:  Date not indicated by witness.  We have assigned a date above, until we hear back from the witness.  PD));47.6776;-122.9375
Fast moving round white light over Hood Canal, stopping and changing direction on a dime;2009-08-14 01:00:00;6 seconds;Fast moving round white light over Hood Canal, stopping and changing direction on a dime I wasn’t going to report this but felt compelled to since I can’t get it out of my head.  I would like to remain anonymous though - I will be as descriptive as possible. My two friends and I were camping in Dosewallips State Park in Brinnon, WA where the Dosewallips River meets the Hood Canal.  We were the last ones up at roughly 1am in our area of the campground and we were chatting and star gazing by the camp fire, facing the northern sky.  We had been drinking, but were fairly sober and lucid at this time before we went to bed – only slightly buzzed.  We are in our mid to late 30’s and don’t drink a lot in any given sitting anymore.  My one friend and I were looking at the sky and I was watching a high-flying aircraft (pin point of light but larger than a satellite) moving slowly across the sky from the west to the east.  It was partly cloudy that night so we could only see the brighter stars (no satellites). Suddenly out of the corner of my eye I saw a round white light shoot from the eastern horizon to the center of the sky directly above us and slightly north.  It was many times larger than the aircraft but still as high as the cloud cover.  It seemed like it was lower than the other aircraft, which at this time was still way over in the western section of sky moving slowly toward this fast moving object, but I could not tell how much lower (it was hard to discern).  At first I thought it was a meteor entering the atmosphere – it moved that fast – a second or two to cross half the sky.  But there was no trail of fire and it was not red or orange in color.  It then stopped on a dime, remained hovering for 1 second above us in the center of the sky and then suddenly changed direction 90 degrees and took off toward the northern horizon, making a couple counter-clockwise loops in the sky, slowed at the end of the second loop and then sped up and shot off to the eastern horizon aga! in faster than it had come into view.  I think the entire event lasted no more than 5 or 6 seconds.  We didn’t have a camera anywhere near us and it happened too fast – even my third friend didn’t look up in time to witness once my second friend and I started exclaiming when it changed direction. As it was happening, my mind tried to make sense of it, and once it changed direction I considered the possibility that it was a laser light from someone further away in the camp ground.  But the light appeared to pass over, through and even behind the cloud cover (there was dimension to it in comparison to the clouds) and even passed through the clear night sky.  The light was not reflected on the clouds.  I would expect a laser light would not have these characteristics, but could be wrong.  Also, typically the path of a laser light is a bit erratic and the movement of this light was intentional in nature – it was very smooth and almost gave the impression of propulsion.  I do know that there have been instances of people shining laser lights at airplanes near the SEATAC airport and blinding the pilots - they apparently have been trying to catch the culprits.  But we were nowhere near the airport. My friend (a psychotherapist) and I were left speechless.  We simply starred at the sky until I finally asked if we had both just seen what I think we did.  She slowly said: yes, I think we have.  Our other friend was not looking up to witness.  We discussed afterwards for a period and later in the light of day, and we still remain confused by what we saw, but certain we saw something quite advanced if it was aircraft. Obviously I am aware that this may have been some sort of military aircraft (we were located on the Hood Canal near many military and airforce bases), and that the military is very possibly capable of designing aircraft that can go that speed.  The strange thing was that the bottom of the aircraft was all light (I could not make out the shape of the aircraft in the night sky – it was merely a light) – it was not headlights directed through the sky – the light faced us on the ground.  Also, the speed at which it changed direction was astounding.  If we do have military aircraft that can accomplish what my friend and I witnessed, our military capabilities are far more advanced than I had ever imagined. Not sure if it is of any consequence, but the next night (8/15 - maybe midnight) we witnessed something else.  Facing the same direction we were looking up at the sky on a very clear night, watching the satellites and stars.  Third friend, a massage therapist, saw a flash of light from a satellite in the western sky (as if it took a flash picture of the earth).  It continued to move across the sky to the eastern horizon, and when it got to almost the same level on the horizon as before, the third friend and I witnessed the flash again (very visible – twice the size of the object itself).  It then disappeared slowly beyond the horizon.  I assumed it was the sun reflecting on the satellite.  No flash from the satellite could be this bright. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.6776;-122.9375
Brown, blue and orange --he was by himself -standing in the street ,;2011-12-09 05:00:00;20 min;brown, blue and orange --he was by himself -standing in the street , was looking for a photo op when object was spotted , with a strange color, there was only one --thought it was a star but after looking at it with the computer it was very different;47.6776;-122.9375
