a bright tube of light resembling an elevator shaft descended from the light object to the ground and then returned.;1991-09-23 19:30:00;30-45 minutes;a bright tube of light resembling an elevator shaft descended from the light object to the ground and then returned. We were traveling south on County A21 approximately 2 miles north of Intersection with California 36 when an extremely bright light appeared to west of our location at what appeared to be only 2-300 feet above the tree tops.  This light was stationary and what appeared to be a tube of light began decending towards the ground.  It took approximately 10 minutes to reach the ground and the tube was visible from the light above the trees to the ground and could be described as an elevator shaft.  After the 10 minutes or so it began to ascend again towards the bright light in the sky, just as if the elevator was returning to the top of the shaft.  the tube of light began to disappear from the ground traveling upwards toward the bright light in the sky.  This tube seemed to be about 10 to 20 feet in diameter.  When the lighted tube collapsed at the bright light at top, a very large cloud of steam or smoke appeared and began drifting south west at about 5-10 miles per hour.  We had all gotten out of the car to observe this and returned to the car and followed this cloud for about 5-7 miles where we saw a sheriffs car with two deputies standing beside the can.  We stopped and asked if they had seen the same as we and they replied that they had seen the drifting smoke and were looking for the source.  We did not tell them of the tube of light so as to not be embarrassed. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.3038;-121.0226
Satellite-like light stops above North Hollywood/Hollywood Hills and fades in and out irregularly;2014-05-19 02:45:00;3 minutes;Satellite-like light stops above North Hollywood/Hollywood Hills and fades in and out irregularly I had just gotten into bed, around 2:40am, and was looking out my window of my room on the 9th floor of my building.  I usually sleep with the curtains closed, but this time I left one side of the curtains pulled open.  (From my window I look north onto the south side of the Hollywood Hills.)   On this night, which had been clear to partly cloudy, it caught my attention that the clouds appeared to have a warm hue and I found it odd that I could make out the shapes at such a late hour.  I figured that the clouds were lower than usual and thus reflected more of the city lights.  This was the reason why I was staring out my window for about five minutes while in bed rather than trying to fall asleep.  Around 2:45am I saw what appeared to be a satellite pass into my line of sight at about 20 degrees above the horizon traveling from west to east.  About 1 second after appearing within my vision, it stopped abruptly, roughly above the North Hollywood area.  This was not a helicopter.  It was not blinking red and blue lights.   I initially thought it was a satellite but its intensity varied greatly to that of a very faint star and it mostly emitted a bluish white light.  For the next 2 or 3 minutes the light would flicker/fade in and out irregularly.  At times, I could not tell if the light was moving while it faded in and out or if there were one or two OTHER lights on either side of it also behaving in a similar manner.   The sky quickly became overcast around this time as clouds blew in from east to west.   When these clouds finally passed, I woke up my roommate, but only to point out what where obviously stars.  The strange light was nowhere to be seen. While I was looking at this object move erratically, I thought that perhaps my adrenaline and excitement were causing my eyes to shake.  I would repeatedly look away from the object to focus on the lights of buildings, street lights, and radio masts, scattered along the Hollywood Hills.  These appeared quite normal and steady. Of course, as I got back in bed after about 5 more minutes of scanning the sky, I continued to look out my window.  As I did so, I witnessed a cloud/ cloud-like object form from a small silver orb into a curved-rhombus shape and dissipate right before my eyes all within 1 minute.  I have never seen a cloud behave this way and my heart was beating incredibly hard at this point and I began to feel very disturbed.   I am hoping that other witnesses can confirm what I saw.;40.3038;-121.0226
Bright light surrounded by clouds or fog.;2014-09-12 06:03:00;30-45 seconds;Bright light surrounded by clouds or fog I was walking my dog at a little after 6:00 am this morning (9/12/14) in Westwood area.  I happened to look up towards the western sky and saw a strange light glowing behind what looked like vapor or fog--kind of like what a jet looks like when it's coming in for a landing in fog.  But it wasn’t really moving.  There was some movement to it, but very slow.  The bright white part was about as bright as the moon, and about half the size (the setting moon was also visible quite a bit to the left and higher in the sky). As I watched it started to dissipate, then the light went out and there was a strange oblong 'glow' or vapor remnant left for a few seconds, then nothing at all visible where it had been. And there was absolutely no sound or noise associated with it. The entire event lasted maybe about 30-45 seconds. I tried taking a video with my cell phone, but it doesn't really show much and I wish I'd just tried taking a photo. I am an artist though, with an excellent visual memory, and went home and drew in pastel what I remember it looking like both when the light was bright and the vapor after it went out.  I also did another drawing in pencil. I'm interested in astronomy I have seen comets, fireball meteors, planetary conjunctions, eclipses--this is like nothing I've ever seen before.  Like I said it looked like a jet coming towards me in fog, or like the top part of the moon peaking from behind clouds.  It was weird and fascinating to see. The air was perfectly clear and afterwards during the walk I even saw a small plane, a helicopter, and a low flying jet headed west --and they looked nothing like what I saw they were all crystal clear in view--no halos, vapor, etc. From what I’ve found online this morning a lot of others saw something similar.  I sent an email to CBS news about it.  Some others reported it to a radio station.;40.3038;-121.0226
