Huge Black Window.  Square in shape with no depth.;1983-06-01 23:00:00;8 seconds;Huge Black Window.  Square in shape with no depth. 2/24/05  A Window  Forgive me but this report probably won't do this siting justice. I don't normally write things like this, but I happened upon this site and it sounds like a serious place and I've kept this inside me for years. this is what I saw....  Westwood California.  In Summer 1983 the Movie The Terminator was just beginning to appear in movie theatres. I was going to the midnight showing.  Standing on the corner across the street from the theatre my friends had already crossed the street. As I was standing there waiting for the light to change, an older black man quickly approached me and said: You see it with his finger pointing just above the lower buildings surrounding the theatre. I didn't see him initially so he startled me a bit. I looked at him first and noticed that he had a nail hammer in his hand. I thought... WTF is this guy doing with a hammer in his hand at 11pm (that question was never answered after the siting). I took a few steps away and he was still pointing with this strange little grin on his face.  For whatever reason I concluded that he was not a threat and took a glance. Following his finger movement against a black sky with stars visible, I began to focus and noticed the stars in the distance disappearing from view and then reappearing in a right to left horizontal movement. As my eyes finally solved the problem I realized that what was screening them out was only about 400 yards in front and maybe 300 feet altitude. As I focused further I noticed this perfectly square shape was moving slowly, silently across the sky. So Black was it that only the stars and some high clouds in the background were the only thing that gave away it's silouette initially. But it was close, I could see it was solid and fairly large and absolutely square. As it moved away, I followed it like a hawk and noticed that it had no depth to it!??, like a huge piece of paper, or a giant Window, Mirror?? Whatever, it looked like something that was never meant to be seen and my feeling is that it would never have been seen unless there was some malfunction causing it to get out of position.  I had completely forgotten about the old black dude standing there next to me. When it disappeared behind the buildings, the look we gave to each other was one of confirmation that we both just wittnessed something completely real.  So sure of what I saw, I laughed to myself for days, knowing it would be silly to even try to tell anyone about it.  It was so intelligent and indescribable that it would be just pointless and I'm sure that's just how they want it.  ((name deleted))...Los angeles ,CA ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.3038;-121.0226
