large circular craft hovering over river underneath a bridge;1995-04-12 21:00:00;30 min;large circular craft hovering over river underneath a bridge After a school basketball game I was picked up with another friend by his father. We drove down to the river and saw a large craft with many outer lights(different colored) hovering underneath the bridge but not touching the water. It was very large, taking up almost all the space between the bottom of the bridge and the top of the water.  After observing the craft for approx. 25-30 minutes we left. I did not tell anyone of this and almost seemed to forget it even happened until many years later. This object had to be witnessed by others! It did not seem to emit any sound at all and was like nothing I had or have ever seen since. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.1349380952382;-75.3543206349205
I viewed three UFO's in the sky, moving at high speeds and amazing shapes in the sky not possible by human planes.;1997-10-21 18:45:00;20 Minutes;I viewed three UFO's in the sky, moving at high speeds and amazing shapes in the sky not possible by human planes. I first noticed the objects as I was playing basketball outside.  I have been a UFO fanatic since i was very young, and still am.  The sun was on the horizon, giving the sky an orange-yellowish color.  The three objects were moving in various angles, shapes, and speeds.  at some points, they would move halfway across the sky in almost no time at all.  I observed them with my normal vision before i got my binoculars.  when i looked at them more closely, their shapes did not change, making me almost certain that they were circular or spherical in shape.  As i watched further, i noticed that they were almost playing around.  One would stay motionless in the center, while the other two would move in almost perfect circles and/or ovals.  Almost sparatically, one of the UFO's instantly disappeared from sight.  Mind you, these objects were way above the treeline, so it must have escaped at a tremendous speed.  the other two UFO's continued their flying routine, and sometimes would have one of them revolve almost perfectly around the other, motionless one.  At some points, they would disappear and then reappear at a different area in the sky.  what was strange was that they were both orange, which im guessing was because of the sky's color.  But what didn't make sense was the fact that the shape and color of the ships were so easy to distinguish in the sky.  they should have been hard to be spotted, but they were visually clear even by the naked eye.  I could only stand and watch in awe, and i knew that i was too young to have my parents let me use a camera of any kind in the house.  Then, the most amazing thing happened.  In the middle of the revolving dance, the center object began to grow larger, and it's glow became much greater.  the other object then flew right into the other ship and disappeared.  the remaining UFO then began to move in violent yet beautiful circles.  And then, just like that, it disappeared.  to this day i haven't forgotten a single detail of what i saw that day, and i h! ave been waiting to tell this story for a long time. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.1349380952382;-75.3543206349205
