Spotted  a hovering, color-changing object over the desert east of Lordsburg, New Mexico on Sept. 12, 2000 from I-10.;2000-09-12 17:00:00;1hr or longer;Spotted  a hovering, color-changing object over the desert east of Lordsburg, New Mexico on Sept. 12, 2000 from I-10. on the evening of 9/12/00 we were travelling east on I-10 between lordsburg and deming, new mexico when we spotted a metallic object to the south of the interstate.  it seemed to hover.  we could not get a clear focus on the object as it seemed to revolve or move slowly although it seemed to remain pretty much in the same place.  we stopped at a truck stop on the south side of the interstate to get gas and continued to gaze at this object from the gas station.  from there we decided to drive off of the interstate into the desert to investigate and see if we could get a better view of it.  we travelled for a least 6 to 8 miles back into the desert and the thing never changed size.  we finally came to the end of a dirt road and decided to return to the interstate as we had made several turns on this dirt road and were afraid we'd get lost.  we returned to the interstate and looked back south of the highway, again seeing the object which seemed to change color from white to grey.   the sun was getting low in the western sky and this could explain why we initially saw it as a metallic flash.  we drove for some time passing a mountain about 20 to 25 miles south of us and thinking we would finally lose sight of the object when low and behold there is was again. i believe the object must have been quite large for us to see it over such a distance and it may have been moving for us to see it this much later along our path of travel.   it was definitely something that we can not adequately explain, and i would be interested to know if there were any other reports made of this object.  it was a fairly isolated area.  we took some pictures, but they have not been developed yet.  this was our first trip out in this part of the country and we took almost 20 rolls of film, all toll.  can only afford to get a few processed at a time.   i am not very optimistic that these photographs will show the object well, as it seems as though we were quite a way from it, but i would be glad to share them with anyone that mig! ht be in terested.  as we travelled toward it, it didn't seem to get any larger.  i had a feeling it was moving away from us and drawing us into the desert, but i really never saw any definite movement. just a floating-type appearance, kind of blurry. strange that it never seemed to change in size even though we travelled so far into the desert. my vision is not great (although generally i see well at a distance)and i almost thought my eyes were playing tricks on me!  i even cleaned my glasses several times as i felt like the object was blurred.  fortunately, my friend witnessed this as well and commented on how hard it was to get a bead on it. we could never really determine the shape of the object.  i am 59 years old, and a retired radiology transcriptionist, and my friend is 48 years old and an radiology technologist. ((NUFORC Note:  We will attempt to obtain more information about this incident/sighting.  It occurs to us that the description is reminiscent of a large, high-altitude (helium) balloon.  They frequently are launched from a location in New Mexico for scientfic investigation purposes.  We may have received other reports.  PD));32.316;-108.723
