Bright lights with no sound in NW Florida area.  Jets in full AB's in area also.;2005-09-23 23:30:00;10 mins;Bright lights with no sound in NW Florida area.  Jets in full AB's in area also. I heard jets flying over with full AB's going while in my 5th wheel.  I continued hearing them for about 15 mins. until I went outside to see what was going on and why they would be using full AB's low and late.  Bearing in mind that hurricane Rita was West of us I assumed/assume they were flying them in from other base's east out of the storms path.  The aircraft were coming from west to east.  While looking for the aircraft by sound I saw two bright lights that did not fricker or change.  They were around 1000 feet altitude and had no sound.  The lights had no sound of helicopter rotors or other identifying sound.  I watched them move from west to east.  The lights were constant and not flashing.  They were not in a flight pattern or holding pattern. They were about 5 miles distance from my place.  There was one that was going straight and then made a 90 degree drop of about 200 feet.  The other was ahead of it.  The dropping light then tappered off at around 800 feet and then the other did the same thing.  Both were in a circular pattern of west to east to north.  I then saw them both rise at the same time to about 1000 feet.  I continued to hear the jets sound of AB's but the sound was coming and going in a direction opisite of the lights.  The lights were bright glows that stayed constant.  I lost sight of the lights in my tree line in a east, north east direction.  I have been around aircraft using full abs before and these lights were not helicopters nor the jets using ab's.  Clouds were heavy from storm and I never saw the jets ab flame yet I was able to see the lights.  The jets were loud and rolling fast towards the south south east direction.  These were not jets from my expericence of being around them.  Very unusal to see.  The lights were constant and the same no matter what direction I watched them from.  It was as though they were just a ball of light.  Speed was slow.  Maybe 45-50 mph.;30.7144;-85.5492000000001
