My friends (RN, social worker, public health nurse and an XRay technician)took me on my first outing after the birth of my son (July 22;1970-08-01 22:00:00;at least 5 mins.;My friends (RN, social worker, public health nurse and an XRay technician)took me on my first outing after the birth of my son (July 22/70) to a drive-in movie theatre between Fernie and Sparwood, B.C.  We had finished seeing the movie and I was about to drive away when I saw an enormous, bright white round light coming around the side of a nearby mountain (small mountain, but bigger than hill).  I pointed it out to the others and we discussed whether it was a logging truck (no roads there, besides it was to the side of the mountain) or the moon (moon was in a different position).  Scared the living daylights out of us and I sped the car over to the, by now, only remaining vehicle - a family in a station wagon with kids.  I yelled at them to look and they took off like bats out of hell.  I was quickly on their heels. What is intriguing about this is that we all lived in Fernie and gossip was a way of life in a small town.  We never discussed this after.  About 13 - 15 yrs. later, I remembered it and mentioned it to one of the women who was there and she seemed to think it was a logging truck. I know what I saw and there was no logging truck that could hang off the side of a mountain and certainly no truck could've produced lights that size.  (There was only one light.  On the form above, I ticked off 1 craft buy we never actually saw a craft - only this enormous white ball.) Whatever it was, was moving very slowly around the mountain.  It was awesome and terrifying at the same time. There were a lot of UFO sightings in Fernie, witnessed by many credible people, including RCMP officers.  When Cranbrook airport was called after these events, one would be told that nothing had appeared on the radar screens. Since that event, I have experienced many paranormal experiences.  I don't know whether there is any connection or not, but thought I should mention it.  It's only now that I finally have a computer, that I'm able to find someone to report this to. Eric Byler at Oregon UFO suggested I write and sends his regards. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of incident is approximate.  Our gratitude to Eric Byler of Oregon UFO, and to the witness, for this case.  PD));49.7385;-114.8895
