Large white light moving fast  above car turns into Triangular UFO and hovers over car for 5 minutes;1994-01-04 23:00:00;5 minutes;Large white light moving fast  above car turns into Triangular UFO and hovers over car for 5 minutes It was winter break from college. It first appeared as a very bright white light-like a star, that we noticed as we were traveling by car down a deserted counrty road at about 11 pm at night.  It got bigger and extremely bright, with bright lights swirling around inside it, as it approached us over a hill.  All of a sudden there was a triangular craft, huge, hovering over our vehicle.  It was very black, and the stars were out in force so you could see the outline of its blackness against the stars.  It had a phosphorescent greenish light on the bottom that pulsated in varying degrees of intensity within some sort of tubular triangle.  This area was much smaller than the craft itself and appeared to be an energy source.  There were very large pine trees right below it and to the side of our car and the craft was right above the trees, very large and just so black.  At some point we had rolled down our windows and were amazed to hear NO NOISE AT ALL..but you ! could FEEL an electrical current of some sort, almost static feeling, almost a humming felt in your body.  We could not stop looking at this unbelievable craft, it was above our car in the middle of NOWHERE in the countryside.  When our dog-a Boxer-started growling very uncharacteristically loud with fur standing up on her back, we became afraid and took off slowly so as not to disturb the craft. The craft immediately shot straight up into the sky in a white light, with many small white orbs circling it, and then at high altitude it shot horizontally at high speed followed by orbs and vanished.   We went home and drew it several times for my parents.  We were in college and just could not even believe what we had seen.  We are educated and believe in God.  We never talked about UFO's or paid them any attention. Very baffling and something I will not forget. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));41.9527;-75.5914
