Two high altitude, high speed craft converge on each other, one bright white, the other yellowish-gold;2012-08-09 05:07:00;3 -4 minutes;Two high altitude, high speed craft converge on each other, one bright white, the other yellowish-gold On August 9, 2012, I was walking my dogs (going West) at 5:07 am in the morning near an open park, when my attention was drawn to the sky by a bright flash. When I looked up, there was a momentary streak moving from the West to the East. I thought it was a meteorite disintegrating in the atmosphere. As I watched the same area of the sky, I noticed two unidentified craft. One craft was moving from the North going Southbound, while the second craft was moving from the South going Northbound. They were moving towards each other. The craft from the South was bright white, and the craft from the North was less bright, and was yellowish-gold in color. Neither craft was emitting flashing marker lights. The craft were very high up in the sky. I am unable to determine an exact rate of speed, but they were moving at good pace. I would say if they were high-altitude jets, they were moving at a high rate of speed. As I watched the two crafts continuing to converge, there was another streak of bright light from the West going East. The streak appeared to pass between the converging craft before erupting into a bright ball and dissolve into nothing. The two craft passed each other in parallel, neither craft altered its course. The Northbound craft appeared to pass on the right (East side). I cannot judge distance at that altitude, but I would have to say that they were within a mile or less of each other. The two craft continued to travel in their respective directions in straight, unwavering lines. I watched for a few more moment to see if there would be any more activity, and then continued walking my dogs. I looked up occasionally to track the position of the two crafts. When I stopped to look more intently, the Southbound craft appeared to stop in the Southern sky (it did not move or change directions with respect to trees and buildings on the ground, it did not reduce or enlarge in shape). But I cannot be absolutely certain. I lost track of the Northbound craft. A few minutes later into my walk I saw a jet flying from the Southeast to the Northwest. This jet had the normal flashing marker lights and was flying at a lower altitude than the two other crafts. I suspect it was a commercial aircraft leaving the MSP airport (it is normal to see these in the morning). MSP is about 50 miles East of Silver Lake. The observed pace of the jet, even though it was at a lower altitude, moved at a slower rate of speed compared with the two high-altitude craft. As the jet passed to the West I could hear its jet engines.  There was no sound heard at ground level from the two high altitude crafts, nor from the two streaks. Weather conditions: Cool, around 68 deg F, humidity approx.: 58% Clear skies, no cloud coverage, the moon was visibly bright, there were still a few star formations visible, the sun was still below the horizon. Venus and another planet were visible in the Eastern skies (they twinkled). No wind, the air was still. This report was completed on 8/9/2012 at 10:55 am;44.9155;-94.1956
