Strange white lights seen on object in sky.;2007-01-29 17:30:00;1 min;Strange white lights seen on object in sky. I saw something unusual on my drive home from work tonight.   I work near O'Hare in Chicago, and live underneath one of the flight paths, so I'm accustomed to seeing aircraft in the sky.  In addition, I've been a life long aviation enthusiast, so I often watch the sky's. This evening I saw a light pattern that I've NEVER seen on a commercial or military aircraft.  I was heading westbound on Lake St. in Bloomingdale IL, and had just past Bloomingdale Ave.  I noticed what at first I thought to be a plane in the sky, on final approach to O'Hare, heading in a north easterly direction.   However, the object caught my eye, because of the flashing lights that it was producing.  I saw what initially appeared to be wingtip landing lights, except that they were flashing in an alternating pattern.  I found this unusual, because I've never seen a commercial airliner flash it's landing lights like this.  I also observed a smaller, flashing red light on top of the object.   Then, as I'm pondering this, all of the sudden, four to five more white lights illuminate sequentially from right to left along the same horizontal plane between what I considered the wing tip lights and they began to flash intermittently as well!  That is something that I have NEVER seen a commercial  airplane do!    At this point, I was paying so much attention to the object that I decided to pull off and turn around before I hit another vehicle on the road.  However, by the time I did so, I had lost sight of it, and could only see normal air traffic in the pattern. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he seemed to us to be unusually eloquent and credible.  We suspect that he is a very good witness.  We have estimated the time of the sighting, and assigned an arbitrary time.  The witness could not enter a time in our Online Report Form, and have it function normally.  PD));41.9462;-88.0758
Three lights, 2 bright then grew dim.  All disappeared.;2014-11-01 17:00:00;1-2 minutes;Three lights, 2 bright then grew dim.  All disappeared. I was walking outside to my car and noticed a large bright light in the sky to the East.  I saw a dim light to the right of it at a good distance and a dim light to the left and up higher at a distance.  It appeared to be an obtuse triangle perhaps.  I thought it was an unusual star formation perhaps.   The light to the right of the bright light grew brighter and larger.  I continued to watch it for 20 seconds or so as it grew larger.  When it reached the brightness and scale of the star to the left I thought it unusual.  After about 15 seconds the two lights began to grow dim.   After growing dim over about 15 seconds, all three of the lights were gone.   I thought it could be a few aircraft, but being in the aviation field, the day, the time of year and the time of observation, I firmly believe it could not be any sort of aircraft going to O'Hare International Airport.  Traffic going to O'Hare is very little on a Saturday at 7PM this time of year.  It was unlike anything that I have ever personally seen.;41.9462;-88.0758
