pulsing silver object in the daytime;1994-06-01 16:00:00;1-1/2 min.;pulsing silver object in the daytime I live about 15 miles from O'Hare and have lived there all my life.   One day in the summer of either '94 or '95 I saw a craft from my window(as I was on the phone with a fiend) on the North side of the house.  Basically, this craft appeared during the daytime and was travelling N-NE at a high altitude.  It was definitely travelling above the normal flight path of the incoming planes which usually come in the E-W directions at a few thousand feet.   This craft flew over at a constant speed and looked spherical in shape, I say this because the reason it caught my eye when I was talking to my friend on the phone was that it was glaring like a silver object reflecting the sun.  I have seen planes glare the sun before, but this was not a plane because it was pulsing this glare.   In other words, it travelled across my window and pulsed a silver glare as it flew straight across the sky.  I kept asking my friend who lived about 2 miles away if he could see it relative to my point of view but he didn't see it... it was very high up(maybe ~20 thousand feet) or it was just closer and small, but it was only in my view for about one minute.  I am currently a ((deleted)) in the ((deleted)) Engineering Dept. at ((deleted)).;41.9462;-88.0758
bright lit-up orbs, 20-30 of them in the sky above Bloomingdale, IL.;2009-08-29 21:00:00;10 minutes approx.;bright lit-up orbs, 20-30 of them in the sky above Bloomingdale, IL. Recently, I was watching an episode of UFO Hunters titled, Dark Presence, which described orb-like lights in the sky.  I wasn’t going to report my sighting, mainly because I was unsure of what I saw, but after viewing this television program, I instantly changed my mind because the orbs that were shown in the show were the same type of orbs that my boyfriend and I saw in the sky. My boyfriend was driving me home one evening, I’m not too positive on the date, but I’m sure it was between August 28th and September 10th, and I’m almost positive that it was on a Saturday or Sunday.  The time was around 9:00pm central, when we came to an intersection and saw these orbs in the sky.  There had to have been at least 15 of them, but no more than 30.  Due to the fact that we were on the road, we were unable to stop, but I was able to turn my head to keep my eye on these objects. I pointed them out to my boyfriend who saw these orbs as well.  The orbs didn’t appear to move, but just sit there in the sky.  Some were a bright, bright bluish color, others were white with a reddish-orange tint to it, the rest were simply white.  All of these orbs were illuminated. The area of the sky where the orbs were seen was lit up with almost a reddish-pink glow.  I could tell for a matter of fact that it could not have been aircraft from one of the neighboring airports due to the la! ck of mobility in the orbs and the simple matter that there were far too many in the sky to be aircraft. We continued driving down the road, and I had these objects in sight for at least 7 minutes until we turned down my street and went down a hill.  As we neared the bottom of the hill, I got a clear view of these orbs again, trying to get my boyfriend to pull over so I could take a picture, the only problem being I had to be home at a particular time, and time was running terribly short, so short that he couldn’t stop. I returned to my house and went inside due to my curfew, fearing that I would be grounded if I was late.  My boyfriend and I never went back outside to look for these orbs, frankly, because we were both too scared of what we saw. I am a 17 year old female and a senior in high school.  I have no occupation of any sort, nor do I participate in any extra curricular activities.  My boyfriend is a 20 year old male who dropped out of high school and is searching for a job. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));41.9462;-88.0758
