I sighted the object at 3am-ish in Kansas. My fiancee and I went out to my vehicle to have a cigarette, because we couldn't sleep. He w;2020-01-21 03:00:00;10 seconds;I sighted the object at 3am-ish in Kansas.  My fiancee and I went out to my vehicle to have a cigarette, because we couldn't sleep.  He was looking at his phone and I was just sitting there looking out the windshield for no particular reason waiting for my phone to load a game.  My phone acted strange.  It lagged in strange way I'd not experienced before.  So, I was randomly looking out the windshield waiting for it to load, smoking my cigarette.  It was a pitch black night with no stars visible.  All of a sudden a glowing green oval orb appeared in the sky.  It had a darker green spot in the center of it.  It hovered in one place, after it just appeared out of nowhere.  It took my breath away and I stared in shock at first then I startled as it then moved in a perfect ark manuever to the right and down.  I gasped at that point and was about to tell my fiancee look at what I'm seeing!  As soon as I gasped and was in shock, I started to get my fiancees attention to look!.  Then, it just disappeared before he could look up.  Whether its light went out or took off fast, idk.  I googled green orbs to find out if it was a meteor or ball lighting but meteors have a tail like a comet and ball lightening only appears w thunder storms.  I searched the internet for pics or videos of green orb unidentified objects in the sky and all looked very similar to what I saw.  I saved two pics off of the web as they look very similar, nearly identical to what I saw.  The only difference is the inside of the green orb I saw had a darker green dot in center vs the white dot in the pics I found on the web.  Has ANYONE on this sight ever reported anything like this?  OR know if it was a natural phenomena or military device etc.  Any info on this would be appreciated.   I'm still in awe I saw an unidentified object in the sky last night!  We had a 4.4 earthquake Sunday, the day before.  Then 30 minutes after the quake, we saw 2 military choppers fly over.  So that too is why I wonder if it could be night military craft.  But I didn't get the feeling it was or was a meteor as it moved strategically irradically and hovered.  Just stunned at the bizzarity we may not be alone and such phenomena in the sky never is directly explained.  Did anyone else report or see this?;38.0996970149254;-97.9065761194031
