Bright  glowing orb follows two young men as the walked down road in Sault ste Marie ontario;1980-06-13 22:00:00;10;Bright  glowing orb follows two young men as the walked down road in Sault ste Marie ontario A friend and myself were walking east in Sault ste marie, on a dark starry night that was warm and cool, quiet and void of any cars. I felt kind of funny, a feeling of something watching me, as I looked up above my head we witnessed a small bright orb above us at about 30 or forty feet up. The feeling was of shock and disbelief, the orb continued to follow us, we began to run but not in horror, more like the feeling of surprise, excitement. As we began to run, the orb, bright white light surrounding it, no more than the size of a beachball, shot away in a south direction at a high rate of speed until it was seen no more. We were in our teens then, high school students, today successful businessmen and fathers.;46.5209434343434;-84.3287121212122
Object was bright light which crossed sky from sw to ne in approx 2 min;1999-09-16 20:45:00;2min;Object was bright light which crossed sky from sw to ne in approx 2 min Object was a bright white light approximately the same size and intensity as the planet Jupiter was observed from my front yard appearing over the trees to the SW, heading NE  object made no sound, and had no discernable shape even when observed through binoculars (14 x 45mm, image stabilized.  An aircraft was visible to the east, and in comparison exibited the normal running lights (strobe, wingtip) consistent with a civilian transport. **could the object be a satellite? I have seen satellites before, but never this brilliant.;46.5209434343434;-84.3287121212122
Two balls of light with illuminated contrails flying in formation at a constant altitude and heading.;2002-05-09 04:15:00;aprox 1min;((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this co-pilot at length, and found him to be an exceptionally qualified observer.  We believe the pilots who reported this event probably had witnessed space debris returning through the atmosphere.  Please see the following URL for details:   http://www.spaceref.com/redirect.ref?url=www.aero.org/cords/&id=1634 We express our gratitude to the FAA for having directed the pilots to NUFORC, and to the crew members for having contacted us with their reports!  PD)) Two balls of light with illuminated contrails flying in formation at a constant altitude and heading. We were flying west bound 50nm south of Sault Ste Marie Ontario, Canada at FL390. The sky was clear with the odd cloud formation below us. We noticed at our 1 oclock position, at approx our altitude two balls of light flying towards us. The balls of light were flying in a continuous formation and constant altitude, and each had an illuminated contrail. The lights continued on what seemed to to be a constant heading until they went by our right wing 10-40nm away. As they passed, the second light split into two separate lights, as if up until then one light was obscuring the other. When the lights reached our 5 oclock position they all disappeared. I would estimate that each light was 200-400 feet in diameter, and each contrail was illuminated for 2000-4000 feet. We notified ATC and they had no other aircraft in the area, or anything on radar. Also, another aircraft 100nm behind us at FL280 stated they had seen the same lights. Both myself and the other pilot have been flying for more than 25 years with over 10,000 hours each and neither of us has seen anything like it before. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length with this airliner crew member, and found him to be an excellent witness.  We also spoke with the other cockpit crewmember, who submitted a report, as well.  Each person has flight time logged that is measured by the tens of  thousands of hours, and both of them have decades of experience in the cockpit of an airliner.  As witnesses to the event, they are superlative, in our opinion.   Please see report from crew member of other airliner, who reported the same event.  PD));46.5209434343434;-84.3287121212122
It was a white light floating over the river, then zooming towards the water at a high speed, only to float back up in the air.;2002-06-15 21:00:00;45 mins.;It was a white light floating over the river, then zooming towards the water at a high speed, only to float back up in the air. at first i thought i saw a large mylar balloon in the sky, the way this object was sort of floating, i think it seemed silver in color, but bright, i thought the setting sun was reflecting on the silver surface of the balloon.  ...  that was my first thought.  but soon i realized that the object was far away, and it was too large to be a balloon at that distance (not a manned balloon, we dont have those here).  so i started watching this shining thing floating in the sky.  it was in the area above our steel mill for about 10 minutes.  it then sort of floated towards the river, international bridge and the soo canal locks. i found it strange, and kept watching it, but i still did not think it THAT unusual yet.  i was on a hill in a large clearing and about 2 -3 miles from the locks where i was observing this.  i was out walking my dog, it was later in the evening and there was nobody else out at the area.  i couldnt come up with any explanation to myself as i was watching this object of what it could possibly be, so i kept on watching it. the evening became more twlight(sp?), and the object was a light on the horizon.  it was the size of a large star, and was the same brightness, but it was floating (the way a butterfly flies and floats along) and it was below the level of the bridge.  it floated up into the sky a bit then suddenly dropped or zoomed down at a very high speed.  not strait down, but on an angle like this:   /    .  my first thought was that it was some sort of missle going to blow up the locks.  ( it was not a year since 9/11, and there had been talk that our locks could be a target).  anyway, it started floating up again.  it took about a minute or two to jerkily float upwards and then zoom back down toward the water.  this repeated many times, and continued for about 15 - 20 minutes.  i dont remember it disappearing, it just sort of vanished.  it was extremely unusual. i did not report this at the time because i did not know of this site.  i actually thought there would be others who had seen this and there would be a report in the news or paper about it, and i would come forward and confirm it at that time as well.  but nothing was ever said and my husband thought i was 'nuts'.  but i cannot forget this, it was very strange, and nothing that i can explain.  i also thought i may find something in this site about someone else who had seen this.  i am not sure of the date.  i do know it was early summer of 2002, in the mid to late evening. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));46.5209434343434;-84.3287121212122
numerous ufo nightly  /same flight path;2006-09-05 01:00:00;until dawn;numerous ufo nightly  /same flight path on any clear night i am able to see very faint craft in the north eastern sky which seem to come from the north they slow down in the sky but then acelerate at a high speed often curving to the south east and southwest some slow to a halt and then continue on out of vision but they are easy to spot because they follow the same flight path and seem to be appearing from the same area in the sky in 10 -20 second intervals i first noticed this in early summer. the movement of the craft seem to be almost programmed because they seem to slow down and acelerate in the same areas we have also seen bright  ones that turn 90 degrees the bright ones ussually fade out and then acelerate some people have trouble following them at that point but my vision must be good .i have tried to point out the faint ones to my girlfriend but she cannot see them . often when i am pointing them out there will be what appears to be a shooting star in the same fight path  that she does see ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));46.5209434343434;-84.3287121212122
Multiple white lights and a Whitel light with Red shining through;2010-07-26 23:00:00;2 Nights;Multiple white lights and a Whitel light with Red shining through Last night a friend and myself were out on my balcony and we noticed something moving in the sky.  It appeared to be a star, but as we watched it for awhile, we noticed that we could both see something like spurts coming out of it and it would move.  My first impression was something was shooting out of it like a projectile.  It was far enough away to appear as a star but close enough to see almost tracers off of it when it moved.  As we were watching this light move around, another star looking light came floating across the sky towards the one that we were watching and continued past it without stopping or slowing.  There was no erratic movement with the one going across the sky, but it did manage to cross the entire skyline and out of our sight within 2 minutes or less. I don't know how fast that would be.  Now as of July 27th, 2010 there are still lights in the sky and I have noticed up to 6 or more. I have an apartment that has windows facing the other side of my building and I could see more of these moving objects in the sky on that side as well.  It almost appears as if they are making a circle around a large part of my city, but very high up.  I do live in a border town, which borders Sault Ste Marie, Michigan. I noticed one light that stood out more than the rest and it seemed to have a red that I could notice through the white. When I first noticed this light from my balcony, it seemed closer than the others and it was more centered over the international bridge on the USA side. I recently went back out to look and this red and white light seems to have now moved more to the Canadian side and more over Essar Steel which is what I believe to be the 3rd largest steel comapany in the the World. I don't know if anyone else has seen anything like this on either side of the border, but I encourage anyone in the area to take a look and see if you can notice these same lights. This is not my first time seeing the white light with r! ed shining through. I did submit a report back in September of! 2009 wh en I was about 4 to 5 hours out of town and I witnessed a sighting at a closer range that appeared to be the same type of light. My friend that witnessed this recent sighting has also witnessed another sighting about a month ago from his back yard and was lucky enough to get footage of a white star looking light flying at a constant rate across the sky. I have heard of people referring to the movements as almost seeming like the operator is drunk, but being an outdoors man, the best way I could describe the movement is, the way a water spider moves around on the water. I have tried to research satellite flight patterns, but they seem to be moving to fast to be satellites. Thank you for taking the time to read this and for taking an interest. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));46.5209434343434;-84.3287121212122
