Glowing orb with visual view of bottom of craft;2012-07-28 03:05:00;10 minutes;Glowing orb with visual view of bottom of craft I was driving west with A 26 foot U-Haul  to Sault St Marie at 3:05 am on July 28th when I  encountered 1 singular large orange orb that was blinking with a strange intensity. It was also moving in a manner unlike any plane with hovering then deep descents and ascents as if it was looking for something. I slowed down my vehicle and went on the shoulder of the road.  I thought it was a helicopter ready to land but there was no sound. The orb seemed to be comming towards my direction (floating, blinking) in a eastern trajectory at approximately 250 feet in the air intersecting above my vehicle. THE FOLLOWING IS WHAT I SAW.  As the Orb passed directly overhead within my upward field of vision,  It continued to blink pulsating Orange bursts.  When it arrived overhead, the Pulsating blink visibly illumated the bottom of the craft for 3 total  blinks before it passed out of view.  The undercarriage was also backlit with darkened contrast due to some bright moonlight ! from the evening sky behind it.  The Blinking seemed to originate from the front section of the vessel only. What it illuminated underneath itself revealed a large rectangular vessel approximately 200 yards long and 150 yards wide.  This was HUGE!.  It is still earie speaking about this because I still have flashbacks about what I saw and my worldview on reality has now changed.  This immense vessel made no sound whatsoever and I noticed from the undercarriage the shimmering effect emanating like heat coming off the dessert sand. It is impossible to suspend such mass in the air with human technology.  I had 3 looks at it and still do not want to beleive what I saw.  Even stranger, after leaving the encounter, I telepathically transmitted to the craft that I knew they were there and that I acknowledged their presence wondering what they are doing here.  As I continued to drive to the Sault, my GPS illogically directed me to go to the US border when the address was for Kenora Ontario which is very west.. Every other set point entered on my GPS! worked fine.  The destination I was heading for however would consistently not offer a logical route and had me heading for the USA border.  This is Bizarre to say the least.  I did feel very strange and disturbed that night and am now connecting the GPS misfiring with the UFO incident.  SInce I telepathically transmitted to them, they may have communicated the final word on their evolutionary capabilities by screwing around with my GPS like child's play. I always wanted to see a UFO this close up..  It has been a preoccupation steeped in excitement.  Well, I now feel very uneasy and apprehensive about ufo's and don't want another encounter after this one. All I know is that they are here. Period.;46.5209434343434;-84.3287121212122
