Looking to the north. If facing east, about 11 o'clock. Flashing blue, red, green, white lights, flashing at in a juxtaposed method. St;2001-09-16 22:40:00;Constant;Looking to the north. If facing east, about 11 o'clock. Flashing blue, red, green, white lights, flashing at in a juxtaposed method. Still out there. Don't know if we have a satelite that reflects like this. Just wanted to report. Don't have a telescope but looked through my binoculars. Not overly discernable. Hoping to have someone try to view it with a telescope. Didn't want to call the Tel# because if it's nothing I'd be making a costly telephone call and feel rediculous. I'm self employed and my friend is in finance for a large company in northern Indiana;41.6714363984674;-86.2510919540229
It looked like a mushroom only thinner and it and it had thease markings on them < > < >.I didnt know what to do so I got on MUFON.com;2003-08-01 23:00:00;10 seconds;It looked like a mushroom only thinner and it and it had thease markings on them < > < >.I didnt know what to do so I got on MUFON.com to see what to do and then I called my friend.It got really cloudy when it came but when it left the sky was clear. ((NUFORC Note:  Shape indicated by the witness did not survive transfer from the e-mail program, to the database, to the website.  PD));41.6714363984674;-86.2510919540229
Orange Ball Joined By Second That Formed a Debris Field - Filmed;2003-10-12 18:30:00;Ten Plus Minutes;((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the eight photos forwarded by the witness, and we do not know what the object is.  However, it may be a star or planet.  It is simply a round, indistinct light, photographed against a featureless sky.  Orbiting objects do not remain motionless in the night sky.  PD)) Orange Ball Joined By Second That Formed a Debris Field - Filmed Orange ball object slightly to my North North East. Two to three times bigger than Mars the last few weeks. Sun was just about to set, but was still daylight. That's what caught my attention, seemed to early for such a bright star. A plane flew in the general vicinity and the red lights were not the orange of the circle of light.... sooo.... I went inside and got my hi 8 camera and came out and filmed. Seemed like it had moved south since I had I eye balled it last ..... continued filming while standing. Decided with the zooming I was doing I needed to lay down on the deck and film from a more stable position. Did that and filmed close ups. No details, just a orange ball of light, but not a star. Then ........... then I noticed some other white balls of light near by, there was a large cluster of em! ....and they were 'drifting' to the north and spreading out. Must have been more than a dozen. Dispersing with out any trails of anykind, just like watching the ufo footage over Washington DC in the fifty's!! As the sun set they all got dimmer until they were gone. Had to be very very high altitude, and I suspect in orbit, as the several minutes I filmed them they didn't not travel far. The low angle of the sun lit up what ever was in orbit.  After reviewing the tape a few times, I have reached several conclusions.  I don't know what the orange colored circular object is, but I suspect it was in orbit and reflecting the sun. It has to be huge, much larger than the ISS.  Something broke apart in orbit and followed a path away from the orange colored circular object, but no noticeable change in appearance to the object.  The 'debris' field and path looks more like the shuttle break up footage than the 'Washington Fifty's Ufo's The reason it looked like that to me was the poor detail of the eyepiece I was viewing through in real time while filming. The difference in this footage to the shuttle break up is that there is no fire, no smoke, no contrails, no paths of any kind.  Seeing the debris field expand, it can be noticed that some of the 'objects' are tumbling and reflecting light differently as they travel. Two or three brighter bigger objects don't seem to be tumbling so much.  There are dozens of 'piece's.  The brightness of all the objects decreases with the setting sun, with the larger orange colored circular object being seen first and last.  The path of the debris field is in a Northerly direction, which is damn peculiar for a geo sync object...... if the two events are related that is. Due to the high strangeness of each, I suspect they are.  Filmed in regular eye light spectrum and infra red SonyNightShot mode. Images of the mystery objects were much brighter in the night shot mode ..... Orange ball was visible to the naked eye. Once you know there was a debris field from the camera shot, it was noticeable as a 'smudge' to the naked eye.  In the last few days my thinking is that what I may have filmed is an asteroid coming right at us so the field of motion was considerably reduced. With the high rate of meteorites streaking across the sky world wide of late, and the closest pass of an asteroid ever just last month, I am wondering if this is a continuation of that activity.  IF this is the case, then I may have come close to filming dooms day.... especially from the debris fields visible in this footage. Have emailed 101203.zip that contains several high resolution frame captures from the film. ((name deleted));41.6714363984674;-86.2510919540229
4 separate bright red lights moving across the South of South Bend.;2018-09-15 22:00:00;3-4 minutes;4 separate bright red lights moving across the South of South Bend. My brother and I were in the driveway when I noticed at first what I thought to be a flare.  As I viewed the object, I noticed it was moving to the West.  The object suddenly faded to almost a pinpoint and became white in color.  After a few seconds it just vanished.   That's when I noticed a second object on the same flight path come into view over the trees.  Was the same red color and very bright.  It did the exact same.  Faded to a white pinpoint, then vanished.  Same pattern occured two more time.;41.6714363984674;-86.2510919540229
