In February of 2000, I was on routine patrol at approx. 0230 hrs CST.  As I drove behind the local High School, I observed three lights;2000-02-01 02:30:00;15 minutes;In February of 2000, I was on routine patrol at approx. 0230 hrs CST.   As I drove behind the local High School, I observed three lights in the distance behind the local Elementary School.  These lights were close together and a equal distance apart.  The color of the lights would change from white to orange (amber?) and back to white.  The lights were moving in a west to east direction.  As the lights got closer, I observed that this was in fact an object with three lights of equal size spaced equally apart.  The moon was to my south southeast full or nearly full.   I opened the drivers side door of my patrol car and stood on the ground observing this object.  The object was going approx. 50 knots and there was no sound.  I could hear my police radio and the motor in my patrol car running.  The object, which was now just west and south of me appeared triangular and black or a dark color.  The object passed above and behind the High School football field and wa! s slightly longer than the field.  The altitude of the object was approx. 800 - 1000 feet AGL.   For some reason, I reached into my patrol car and activated my emergency lights and grabbed my Bushnell 10 X 50 binoculars.  Observing the object through the binoculars, I could see a couple (I don't remember now if it was 2 or 3 rows) of windows similar in shape to commercial pressurized aircraft.   These windows were in staggered rows.  I could also see artificial light coming from inside the craft through these windows.  I could see the moonlight reflecting off the object.   I grabbed my Maglite rechargeable flashlight, which is 30,000 candlepower, and shined it at the object.  As the object moved from my right front to left and passed above and behind the south end of the High School, it instantly made a 90 degree left turn (there was no bank when it turned) and moved northbound until it disappeared.   These three lights I have mentioned always faced me even after the object mad! e the 90 degree turn from west to north.;34.0563;-87.5385
