Strange ball of light in sky over Pendelton County, West Virginia;2010-03-26 20:35:00;5 minutes;Strange ball of light in sky over Pendelton County, West Virginia I was taking something out to the trash when I noticed a large ball of light (Bigger than a star, smaller than the sun) in the sky over Pendelton County West Virginia. It did not look like an airplane as it did not move, and there were no strobes. It was very bright (almost had a haze like apperance around it), and stayed stationary and then vanished after about five minutes. While it was visible, I asked my Fiance to come out and look. She saw it and wondered what it was. I can not be sure what it was, but I do know it was bright, did not move, and then vanished. There was no sound from where I was viewing it from. I have looked in this direction numerous times before, and have never noticed anything. The appeared to have some slight color variations in it, but not a whole lot. It would fade every once in a while (but not go completely out) and come back very bright. All in all it lasted about 5-8 minutes total, the whole time not moving at all (had lined i! t up with a branch on neighbors tree). Will be checking on and off through out the night tonight, and will look again around the same time tomorrow to be sure it was not a satellite or a planet/star, which I really believe it was neither.;38.6062;-78.7897
I was sitting on my neighbor's back porch eating pizza and chitchatting. I noticed my neighbor was watching something in the sky for a;2020-07-24 21:50:00;10 seconds;I was sitting on my neighbor's back porch eating pizza and chitchatting.  I noticed my neighbor was watching something in the sky for a moment longer than usual.  I looked up and saw that she was looking at something. It was a light, as high up as an airplane, not blinking or going at usual speed  (Color was not odd.. not red, blue, or green) (It was a yellow or white). It was a little larger than an airplane, but was going twice as fast. It was eye catching because it was not a satellite but lower on an airplane level... and going at an unusually faster speed.  It definitely was not a low airplane or a drone. My neighbor said, What is that?  I said with authority, louder voice, and no fear, That is a UFO. The Great Deception .  As soon as I said this, it slowed down to half or more speed and glowed up to 4x its size. My neighbor, daughter, and I felt that it saw us.  It actually felt like it took a picture of us from so far up.;38.6062;-78.7897
