Sphere shaped  craft hovering above field;1996-10-20 11:18:00;15 minutes;Sphere shaped  craft hovering above field Although it has been some time since the event took place it still remains clearly in my mind, and since I am an artest I have rendererd an illustrated drawing for reference, that is available upon request, should  an ##official## concerned party wish to view it. My brother-inlaw and I were returning to our homes (in Tipton) in his truck, from our factory job in Kokomo, IN. We had driven nearly the full 21 mile drive from Kokomo heading south on US 31 to just north of hwy. 28 (appox. 800 yards north). Just across hwy. 28, behind the Flamingo motel to the west (about 800 ft. west),and in an open field, an unidentified sphere shaped craft hovered stationary, about 50 foot above the ground. It appeared about the size of a DC-8 or KC-135 jet in size. The craft was britely lit with small orange/yellow lights enveloping its ball shape. It appeared to be searching the ground below it with several intense motorised search beacons that were scanning the ground from its undercarraige. The object remained illuminated for about 15 seconds and then went lights out. We saw a small red light depart the same area and pass in front of us (across US 31 and southeast bound), at instant mach +++ speed. Several other motorists ahead of us saw it as well as they applied their brakes as we did, to take in the sight. My brother-inlaw and I decided to turn off on a side road after we turned east on hwy.28, to see if we could see more activity. We turned off our headlights and pulled over on the side road. What we saw when we got out of the truck, was no less amazing. There were 2 huge vapor trails, or what looked more like rocket exhaust plumes, that arced across the sky (about 3 miles in length) from the ground where we first saw the craft hovering. Over the next few minutes we also observed what appeared to be several unlit stealth type flying aircraft, very high up in the thin cirrus clouds. Those craft soon departed, and we got in the truck and went home. I woke my wife when we got there, to show her the rocket/vapor trails and she saw them as well. There was a low pitched hum from the sky above, but not very loud. We are not crazy, we saw what we saw. It was a clear/starry evening, and the craft was solid clearly visable. I'm not saying they were aliens, expermental aircraft, maybe???? Who knows....... A shame we didn't have a camera, we could have gotten some VERY detailed photos. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.2773;-86.0475
