Circular bright white light above house;1997-06-23 09:30:00;10 minutes;Circular bright white light above house   Well, i remember seeing it as a kid... i don't remember the exact date or time... i just remember it was about 100 feet above my house. It was a white circular craft. It was stationary for as far as i know around 10-20 minutes. After seeing it i was very frightened so i ran back in and told my parents... they refused to come outside and assured me it was the moon and sent me back outside to do my chore (I asked my father at a later time to make sure i wasn't dreaming and he says he remembers the instance and didn't know why he didn't go outside) I did the chore and ran back in. I remember it all very vividly. I am 100% sure that it was NOT any kind of balloon or swamp gas. Around my house was very woody and hidden away from other houses at the time. At a later time I remember walking into the laundry room and passing out for some reason. It was in the middle of the day. I was out for a good hour or so. I don't remember what made me pass out nor has that ever happend to me again. I remember having this strange dream about being ubducted though. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));30.4978;-92.3906
I was returning from town to my farm located 4 miles NE of Eunice.  I turned north off of the main Hwy. and as I cleared some trees to;2003-08-28 21:45:00;5 min.;I was returning from town to my farm located 4 miles NE of Eunice.  I turned north off of the main Hwy. and as I cleared some trees to my left I noticed a row of lights about 1 mile to the NW of my present location.  As this light was located on my farm property, and in a remote location, I was concerned that someone was trespessing on my property.  There were a row 5 white lights with smaller red lights in between the white ones.  They seemed to have a concave spacing, did not blink or move, and did not give off a beam as a light might if it were lighting up an area. (Like a baseball field) although it seemed to cover an area of several hundred yards.(from one end to the other) I proceeded immediately north on the farm road and turned left (west)onto an intersecting east/west farm road.  As I continued west, I could see the tree line under the lights which gave me a reference to its location.  As I continued west down the farm road, I noticed the lights starting to flicker, as if trees were getting between me and the light source. When I reached the end of the road, the flickering lights were now due north, about 400 yards.  As I turned north, I could no longer see any light.  I then thought trees had gotten between me and the lights, so I backtracked east on the road I had approached from.  I never saw the lights again.  The overall size of the light grouping was quite large.  It would have covered an area the size of a baseball field.  I own 850 acres of farm land with the home place in the very middle.  There are no other buildings or structures and there is no electricity or power lines in this remote area.  I have since watched this area each night since the original sighting with no results.  I did not observe any object attached to these lights, nor did they move other than blinking out. It made no sound that I heard.  I went to the site the next day and found no evidence in the freshly cultivated fields on either side of the tree line or in the tree line.  I can't explain it.;30.4978;-92.3906
