Two objects meet then leave each other one to the east and one to the west;2010-01-10 19:00:00;15:00 mins;Two objects meet then leave each other one to the east and one to the west My girlfriend and I were traveling west on Hwy. 190 at about 7 o'clock in the evening.  Directly in front of use was an object the kept flashing different colors.  It was at about 30 degrees above the horizon and much larger than any stars. I told my girlfriend that I had seen it before and had watched 3 or 4 times before during 2009 and that I was not sure what it was.  Streams of light would come out the bottom at times it appeared to be 4 of them and they did not go to the ground but stopped a ways below the object.  Then off to the north another object that looked exactly like the one we were watching came in close to the first one and stopped a distance from it, about three or four lengths of the object away.  They stayed there for a few seconds stationary.  Then the second object took off angling up into the sky to the west rapidly getting smaller and smaller and when it was just about out of sight it turned and came back toward us and passed over us a! t a very hig attutide and continued out of sight to the east.  The first object just kept moving on to the west slowly and was almost out of sight when we got home about 5 mins later.  This object is multi-colored and give off beams of light down from it.  It appears to be either round or oval it is hard to determine the exact shape as the colors are very bright and keep changing.;30.4978;-92.3906
White oval craft appears out of strange black cloud.;2012-05-05 19:30:00;5 minutes;white oval craft appears out of strange black cloud. Approximately seven thirty on may fifth, I noticed in the south horizon of the sky a dense black cloud like formation. As I watched, the formation dispersed, revealing a white oval shaped object. The ufo seemed to be very high up so theres no telling how large the object was.  It began moving eastwards at a fast speed.  Suddenly, the craft stopped abruptly in the sky, stock still.  Ten seconds passed and in the blink of an eye the ufo shot off at an incredible speed.  It kept its course east.  The black cloud appeared and disappaered several times.;30.4978;-92.3906
