An object flew alongside our car.;2003-06-30 08:00:00;5 minutes;An object flew alongside our car. I feel a bit silly reporting this event now, as it happened sometime around the year 2003.  My daughter and I were in the car driving down a dirt road very early in the morning.  Our speed was around 20-25 mph.  It was a long straight road with clear fields on each side.  In the distance, a mile or so, there was a bank of tall poplar trees on one side.  The road ran north to south, the trees east to west. We were delivering flowers to a remote ranch and driving north towards the trees.   Suddenly I saw or sensed something to my left and turned to see an object, perhaps twice the size of my car just feet away from us, flying along with us.  The object was so close I feared I could swerve just slightly and hit it.  I tried to keep my eyes on the road but was a bit mezmorized by it and wanted to watch it.   There were no windows that we could see, it was a dark dirty gray, not shiny and the metal seemed a bit ruddy.  There were wide metal strips and there w! ere circles on the strips.  It looked heavy.  I continued to drive and felt a bit panicked because it was so close and I wanted to keep looking at it but also stay on the road.  It flew along side of us for a half mile, at least, maybe more. Suddenly it took off.  So fast, I cannot possibly calculate.  It was headed right for those trees and I thought for a second it was going to crash into the Poplars but instead it’s path curved up and over disappearing beyond the trees.  We never saw it again.  Once it had disappeared, my attention turned to my daughter sitting in the passenger seat.  My daughter had always been terrified of any mention of aliens from outer space   She had, for years been terrified of the movie, ET.  I slammed on the breaks and turned to her. I said, “are you okay?”  She answered, “I feel safe.”  I found this to be a curious and interesting response. We continued a few miles down the road and delivered the flowers , then drove home.  I called my brother and told him of the experience.  He suggested we go into separate rooms and draw what we had seen then compare our drawings.  We did this and the results were interesting.  We had indeed drawn the same image, but more than just the image we had both colored our UFO drawing the color orange.  The object was a dark gray and I cannot explain why I picked up the orange crayon. For reasons that need not be explained, I became separated from my daughter for 14 years.  We recently were re-united.  After spending a day together, I asked her if she remembered seeing the UFO and she did, she remembered it in great detail, the trees, and the way it gracefully curved up and over.  She told me the whole story as if it had happened yesterday.  In all these years since, I have never told anyone, except my brother, about the event.  Who would believe such a story?  But, it’s true and it was a comfort to hear my daughter recall it exactly as I had remembered that morning.;38.9932933333333;-105.059853333333
