Orange lights over Outer Banks.;2014-06-13 20:30:00;5 minutes;Orange lights over Outer Banks. I was carrying some of our luggage out of our rental vacation house the night before we left for home.  On one of the trips to the car I noticed in the distance several bright orange lights approaching from the southwest.  The lights appeared orange in color and I thought at the time they would probably turn out to be the red and green wing lights of an aircraft, once they got closer and I could see more detail. I soon could see that there were three orange lights each separated by perhaps a half mile. They moved one after the other towards the northeast and then each in turn seemed to turn more northward in direction.  I thought anytime now I would see the flashing strobes of the planes, as we had seen various private and military aircraft all week.  The strobes never appeared, only a very bright intense orange light which never wavered. I have since read reports of “Chinese lanterns” being released in the past, while researching what I had seen, but I find it hard to believe the quality of the light I witnessed was the flickering of a candle.  In addition the height and speed of the objects approximated that of the aircraft I had been seeing in the preceding days. The first orange light flew almost directly overhead and while I listened intently for the sound of an engine there was total silence except for the occasional sound of thunder from a lightning storm just to my northwest. I turned to ask one of our traveling companions to take a look and then looked back at the lights and the third light had disappeared, I don’t know what happened to it as I had only turned away for a second.   However, as the second orange light passed by, there was an extended lightning strike from the storm which lit up the sky.  I could see nothing but the second orange light with no shape or body connected to it.   But moving across the sky behind it was a black or dark grey shadow that seemed to pulsate and change shapes stretching first longways and then sideways in an alternating fashion.  I then lost sight of all three objects.;36.3178;-75.8109
