Fleet of unbeleivably low flying airplanes searching for UFO's with spotlights;2009-09-30 21:00:00;2 hours;Fleet of unbeleivably low flying airplanes searching for UFO's with spotlights I saw an object in the sky moving slowly and I kept my eye on it. It began to pick up speed and I pulled into the nearest open parking lot I knew of so I could see all around. There were objects all over flying in the area. 2 objects were shaped like triangles and were not moving like normal aircraft. They were kind of just floating by slowly.They would slow down and then speed up again like something I've never seen an airplane do. The 2 I saw floating slowly were black and had lights on each corner. The object also had red bright lights on one side of the triangle. The other objects I mentioned were planes but there were about 20 of them I saw just flying over but very low to the ground. These planes looked like jets of some type. The 20+ planes would turn on a really bright light and then they would turn them off. You almost couldn't see the plane when they turned their lights off. I'm not sure if they were the same planes flying back and forth really low to the ground, or if they were different planes coming from different directions. I have never seen planes flying this low in this area and they were coming from every direction.  They were flying extremely close to one another as well. There is no close airport or landing strip that I know ofin the area. I am not sure if these planes were looking for these weird objects I saw floating by or if they were performing some type of test operation. They were definetly looking for something. It was the weirdest thing I have ever seen.;42.1996;-87.9255
Triangular symmetric object flying low in a straight line over North Shore Chicago suburbs.;2011-04-02 17:30:00;3 seconds;Triangular symmetric object flying low in a straight line over North Shore Chicago suburbs. After parking in the driveway of a Private residence near Riverwoods Road, I noticed what appeared to be a small brown-beige triangular shaped object traveling approximately parallel to Riverwoods Road (from south to north).  It appeared nearly overhead, was silent and its speed I would estimate to be approximately 50-60 MPH.  The object had symmetry forming an approximate 25 degree angle from its apex toward the aft part of the object.  The object had bilateral surface detail suggesting nacelles in a fuselage.  They were very definitive. The object did not appear to be very large, being about the size of a larger radio controlled aircraft.  It flew in a straight line and constant speed for the brief time I had it in view.   I lost it as it passed over the treeline to the north, this being a heavily wooded suburb of Chicago.  I would estimate the altitude at less than 500 feet AGL.;42.1996;-87.9255
