Bright light dimmed to small red dot.;2005-04-25 22:30:00;about a minute and a half;Bright light dimmed to small red dot. Clear night sky, The light was really bright and large.  about twice as bright as a street light.  The light did not move for about a minute.  Then it dimmed out leaving a small red dot in the sky and moved west out of view. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));44.4157;-84.131
A brilliant orange-red light seen flying slowly in the sky above Rose City, Michigan;2007-08-17 23:30:00;3-4 minutes;A brilliant orange-red light seen flying slowly in the sky above Rose City, Michigan From the backyard of my cottage in Rose City in Michigan, on the 17th of August, about half an hour before midnight, I spotted in the sky, which was cloudless, a brilliant orange-red sphere of light in motion to the west of Rose City.  When I first saw the object, which was larger than all the stars, it was about 40 degrees above the horizon.  Within a few seconds I could tell that it was moving eastward, toward the area where my cottage is.  It did not move in a straight line the entire time that it moved eastward it strayed a little several times from the course that it was on.  It was completely silent, and the intensity of the light, which was radiant, never noticeably varied.  After a minute or two the object was almost directly above my land and when it was nearly overhead, it did not look far away: it did not look as high in the sky as commercial planes do when at cruising speed.  It seemed to me to be at an altitude of about 15,000 feet.  It looked about five times larger than all the orbiting satellites that I have seen, and I have seen many satellites.   In fact, at no time did it look like it was in outer-space.  (The only planet visible that night at the time when I saw the object was in the southern part of the sky, and it was probably about 30 degrees above the horizon.  I do not know what planet it was, but I do know from the white color of it that it was not Mars.) When the object was between 40 and 30 degrees above the eastern horizon, it grew invisible in a matter of seconds.  That it was not a blimp is certain.  ...To get an idea of the size of this sphere of light that I saw, get out a Q-Tip and hold it so that only the top half of the head of one of the tips is visible above your thumb and index finger, and then go outside and fully extend your arm up toward the sky.  (By the head of the Q-Tip I mean not just the soft part extending beyond the stem but also the part of the stem that has cotton wrapped around it—the “neck”.)   The object looked just a little smaller! than th at. ...By the way, I do not drink alcohol and I do not use drugs of any kind, prescription or illegal.;44.4157;-84.131
Two blueish white lights seen in the day light, traveling fast, high, and silent, north east, in parallel formation.;2016-09-05 19:55:00;10 seconds;Two blueish white lights seen in the day light, traveling fast, high, and silent, north east, in parallel formation. Both objects appeared to be identical, besides the one on the right, was larger than the one on the left. The speed they were traveling seemed faster than what any aircraft is capable of, but slower than a shooting star. A small tail behind was noticed, but no trail or remnants of any exhaust or vapors were visible. This sighting was witnessed by myself and my girlfriend approximately a few minutes before eight PM, well before sunset. Not sure if this could have been some type of rocket or flare, however, I have never seen anything like it.;44.4157;-84.131
