Black Triangle with lights and no sound.;2007-02-07 22:07:00;5 minutes;Black Triangle with lights and no sound. I was driving on RT 19 south between the small community of Enterprise toward Shinnston, WV in north central WV.  As I drove to work for the midnight shift, I saw a bright light in the sky.  It was brighter than the usual star so I assumed it was a helicopter.  Besides, I could tell the light was moving.  As I drove through Enterprise, the light seemed to be getting closer.  I passed through Enterprise and came upon the community of Big Elm.  The light had mysteriously disappeared.  When I came around a turn near the Big Elm Elementary School, I saw something big just above the treeline over West Fork River to my left.  I slowed my car to take a closer look.  The object had three lights in a triangle shape.  The lights went between red, orange, blue, and yellow.  I turned into the driveway to the school and got out of my car.  I heard no sound.  As the object slowly passed above me, I could tell that it was a triangle shape against the night sky above.  It looked to be about the size of a football field and to be only about a couple hundred yards above me.  The object passed by me.  I watched it pass by the school until it was out of my sight.  Still no sound.  There were no cars around until after the object had passed above me and was going toward the school.  I continued on my drive to work.  When I got to work I called my wife to tell her my story.  We live in Rachel, WV.  The object was moving North East in the direction where I live so I thought maybe she could see something also.  When I called her, she went outside to look at the sky.  She said she did see three lights in the sky that were in a triangle shape.  She didn't hear anything.  We can't be sure that she was looking at the same thing I saw but she also watched the object until it was out of her sight and did not hear a sound.   This is the second sighting I have placed on the website.  I alse reported the light that went into the moon.  My wife is so disappointed that I have seen objects but she hasn't.lol  I will continue to post other UFO experiences I may have on this site.;39.3888;-80.2834
