Very eerily silent, complete vulnarability, Sense of being watched and thoughts read;2010-02-16 23:45:00;17 minutes;Very eerily silent, complete vulnarability, Sense of being watched and thoughts read Long Description of Sighting Report   My friend and I were in route from Port Arthur to Houston, traveling west bound on Highway 73, we had just passed the landfill(between Winnie Tx.)  The time was about 11:45Pm.  We were visiting my aunt, in ICU in Port Arthur. I had just activated(the Google Navigator)on my 3G phone.  I was thinking to myself how cool!, we are tracking in virtual time on a satalite map...this must be the way we appear from an arial view.   At that same instant my friend who was driving,in a calm collective manner says, See I told you that there are UFO's around here!   I looked up, my eyes immeadiately fixated, to the top left corner of the windshield. And....Sure enough!!!  There IT was!!!!  Traveling east bound, about 200 ft above the hwy.  It appeared to be pulsating a irradescent/flouresent bright rainbow color, however all of the colors displayed at the same time........ I find that words are very difficult to express completely what we expireinced!!!  There is just not any vocabulary that I know of that can replicate what we saw!!  However, I will continue at the risk of sounding completely out of my mind...lol  There were three Rumboid shaped pulsating objects they seemed to be seperate, but yet as one unit?!?!?  silently/fluidly traveling east bound,paralell to hwy 73...  I have always had a scientific curriosity.... I asked my friendDID YOU SEE THAT?!?!WHAT THE HELL IS THAT!!!????   four times, I also rolled all of the car windows down and I opened the sun roof.  This was to reassure myself that we were'nt just seeing a reflection off of the car's glass and the fact that my friend confirmed four times that we were both seeing the same phenomina.  As I opened the sun roof, never taking my eyes off of the object, I popped my head up through the sun roof, and said WOW!!!! that's no reflection!!!  That's a Bonified UFO!   That very instant, the object made an immeadiate U-turn!!!!!!!!!  And now it was following us down hwy73!!!  I never once left visual contact with the object.  I jumped down into my seat and shouted THEY ARE COMING!!!! THEY ARE FOLLOWING US!!  keep in mind that this is a dark and d! esolate hwy at this time of the night. I kept my eye on it, while my friend was franticly speeding up to get away!  I could see the same colors pulsating 100FT above the pavement behind us!! ,but it seemed very different than what colors you or I are use to???!!! I was almost hypnotysed by this strange sight…   That's when I realized that we were not only being folowed but, also being monitored on a level that no Human/Animal could even begin to comprehend!!!  I could see the triangle shaped pulsating Rumboids getting larger, and closer, leaving and getting smaller, and yet not moving at all?!!?!?!?  well my friend, as strange as it may sound, all of this was taking place simutaneousley,  My eyes and brain were not quiet sure how to process all of this together!   We became panicked and sped up to approx. 120mph.  Again this thing never changed perspective, of course we were speeding, but the object stayed behind us, but not ever moving?!!??!!?  My friend says to meSTOP STARING AT IT!! The object got almost to the back of my car, then I noticed a yellow/amberish colored column of light slowly coming down to the ground from the object... then the column of light became very very bright, nontransparent, and became almost like an orange fire ball. I could see the grass and the dirt flying about ,under this fireball!! I started screamingTHEY ARE GOING TO BLOW US UP!!!!!!! that instanst, the object started to wobble? And the air all around it seemed to ripple as if it were H20?!?!?! Then the object became one with the column of orange/yellow light, it reminded me of how Mercury looks on a hard surface. And all in the same split second, the object then became a bright large sphere, with the same pulsating colorfull pattern... I was shell shocked!!!! Did i just see that take place in this demension/this planet/this Whatever!!!!! By this time I could feel a presence in my persona,,,,not anything unusual,,,no strange voices, but almost like my subconcious ! was suddenly in charge?!!?!I never once felt threatened in that sense, but I was subtlely able to become aware of this new/unfamilair feeling in my head?!?! Sounds lunicital ,I know!!!! but like I said, there is no vocabulary that we have as a species that could come close to propperly describing these events,senses,feelings,phenominas We continued for for few minutes, then I noticed two cars traveling east bound were coming,after what seemed like an eternity!! I was wide eyed of course waiting to see if those cars would notice what was following us. Sure enough.......they all slammed on thier brakes and pulled to the side of the road!!! at that time the object behind us, backed down and in a split second, the sphere divided into two and disapered!!!!!! I feel like someone else out there had to have seen something. if so please share.  I feel a sense of isolation from people who have never expireinced these phenominas,  Almost like I can not communicate to them the events that took place that cold clear stary night! I cant help but look to the sky every moment I am outdoors!!!!  I am still a bit rattled not threatened per say...but I have a sense that who/what ever that was, is still out there, and knows where I am and what I think before I think it!!!!! well there you go!!! that's my first encounter/interaction with anything/one that has that magnitude of capabilities..;29.813;-94.3379000000002
