Blue shooting star.;2002-08-18 23:00:00;15 seconds;Blue shooting star. This object was blue in color and shot acrossed the sky from south to north. Looked like a shooting star but the head was blue.  Had a tail which was white this object never went out like a shooting star would.  Lasted about 10 seconds until it was behind a house. ( going down );42.9584;-85.3624
Two bright fireball orbs staying still then began to spin around each other a third object appeared then the other 2 dissapeard;2010-08-16 21:30:00;5 minutes;Two bright fireball orbs staying still then began to spin around each other a third object appeared then the other 2 dissapeard to begin the observers were a middle age woman with a masters degree and part time college professor, a college student, and a teen.  We were driving south when when two of us noticed two extremely bright orange-yellow fireball type orbs that were staying static in the air.  Once we noticed the objects we stopped the car and began to closely observe them.  The UFO's which were two at the time began to slowly rotate around each other as we observed them.  The UFOs were extremely low, barely above the tree line.  The UFOs were from our perspective too our South West. After a few minutes an even more peculiar incident happened.  We observed another orb of extreme luminosity fly by us from the north flying south west.  As our attention was drawn too this third UFO the two orange orbs disappeared.  We proceeded to get in the car and follow the UFO going south down the road. We stopped 1/2 mile down the road and stopped the car to observe this new object.  ITs important to! note that none of the objects exhibited any of the typical characterisicts of a plane of helicopter........when the first UFOs were static and moving there was no audio ambience or sound emitted from them.  This was the same with the third UFO. FLying as low as they were there should of been some type of sound.  All of the UFOs were approximately at a viewing degree of approximately 30 degrees, they were all flying so low that they were barely above the tree line.  The lights were all so bright that it confounded us.  None of us have ever witnessed anything similar to this. And this incident happened with no houses or cars around to emit any source of light.  Also all of the UFOs were strobing throughout the duration of the sighting.;42.9584;-85.3624
