i saw what appeared to be a large triangular shaped object floating in the sky.;1999-03-12 22:00:00;90secs;i saw what appeared to be a large triangular shaped object floating in the sky. i was walking my dog harley around 10 pm on 3/12 when all the sudden my pitbull became quite aggitated and began barking upward and toward the northeast of my position when i looked up i didnt really see anything at first but then it was almost as if the craft tilted toward me and i could then see the outline of the craft and the lights below they we're a white and yellow mix in color it must have been putting off some kind of high pitch sound that i couldnt hear but that my dog could because he was going nuts just like when i blow a dog whistle the craft just hoovered over a field near a big industrial complex for about 60 or 70 secs it almost appeared to me like it was searching for something because it kept tilting from left to right and moving very slowly i would guess the craft was about 1/2-3/4 of a mile away from me when the craft did depart it rose staight up maybe a mile and started slowly moving south southeast from where i was i have never seen anything like this before but i have seen something like it since about two nights ago i was outside with a friend when we noticed several lights coming out of the north from chicago i and he watched these lights for approx 2 the first set to pass over us had what appeared to be about 10 lights on its belly 5rows of 2 and it made absolutly no noise when it went over it could not have been more than a 1/2 mile up because it was cloudy that night with only 1/2 visibility but the next two sets of lights to pass over we're jets very noisey and fast moving and they we're criss crossing each others patterns thats all i know i hope this info is somehow beneficial to you and i hope i never see anything like that again it really scares me know that i have had all this time to think about it good luck in your vetures and god bless.;41.1406;-87.8634
Triangle of distinct, fuzzy light points, traveling north to south on the western horizon at approximately 20:00;2019-11-22 20:00:00;10 seconds;Triangle of distinct, fuzzy light points, traveling north to south on the western horizon at approximately 20:00 I start with this:  I saw a falling star around 2000 hours in the Eastern sky at approximately 80 degrees off the horizon.  I felt like going to my backyard to observe the sky there, facing west.  I sat down on my back porch.  I looked up and witness a blurry shape of about 5-7 light points moving north to south in the western sky, approximately 40 degrees off the horizon.  I saw it move for approximately 10 seconds, quite unsure of what it was and if I was seeing this correctly.  It was unambiguously not a falling star, nor a plane.  It had a triangular shape, point facing in the flight direction of southerly direction.  Again, the points of light were fuzzy, but still discernible as points of light.  It did not travel fast like a falling star, but was slow.  From horizon north to horizon south, I witnessed it travel about 15% of this distance, having my view of the whole horizon interrupted by bare tree cover.;41.1406;-87.8634
