It is an extremely  bright blueish white light. Looks like a very big star, It seems to stay perfectly still at times, however we have;2005-12-08 18:08:00;still here;It is an extremely  bright blueish white light. Looks like a very big star, It seems to stay perfectly still at times, however we have seen it sway to the right and left very slowly, and raise up and down in the same fashion.  I am at a mountain top almost, and this is what I see approximately to my Southeast.  As it moved slowly, I saw one light ( an out of this world orange appear on its other side.)  It slowly moved away, and out of sight, below the horizon.;41.6813;-73.089
I witnessed multiple lights in the sky, some that moved and changed formation, some stationary.;2012-11-04 18:45:00;30 minutes;I witnessed multiple lights in the sky, some that moved and changed formation, some stationary. November 4th, 2012 -- Between 6:45 -7:15 PM  In Thomaston, CT in the vacinity of Highwood Farms, I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette, and at nightime when I smoke I like to stargaze, and I noticed a flashing light over the residential area (which used to be an area of multiple farms). It was a strobe flashing light of white, green, red, and, blue lights all in random order. You could see the light shimmering in the sky, so to be sure it was not a star I went and got my rifle scope.  After staring at it through the rifle scope I noticed orange lights gaining altitude on the horizon.  These lights then connected into the stationary light.  It then got very bright for a split second as the lights intersected.  The orange lights then began to rise vertically. The lights then began to start moving towards my direction.  As it was moving I noticed it was in a linnear pattern of four orange lights with a strobing white light flashing beneath it.  As it continued to move I then looked at it through my rifle scope and saw the lights then transform into a triangle of 3 orange lights with a white light on the bottom. It continued on its course and as it passed, it made a strange voooooooooooom noise in a deep low octave. About 3-5 minutes pass.. I returned outside to smoke another cigarette while I called my friend in Georgia, who has seen alot of UFO activity in his area.  While I called him I saw another light similar to the initial strobing light of multiple colors -- begin to rise from the horizon and then after a minute or two  It disapeered. Side Note - When I first sited the initial light I ran inside to tell my dad and brother I saw a UFO, and my brother watched as the lights intersected and the orange lights began to fly and change formation. I know what I saw -- multiple UFO anomalies in the sky.  Possibly a plane?   I don't believe so, aliens are a very real thing in this vast universe.  Keep your eyes on the stars....you will never know when you see one..;41.6813;-73.089
