Not sure of the eact month or year of this sighting but it was in the fall of 74 or 75. Was walking home around dusk and saw a bright l;1974-10-10 19:30:00;45 Minutes;Not sure of the eact month or year of this sighting but it was in the fall of 74 or 75. Was walking home around dusk and saw a bright light come quickly from the west and then stop. No sound. Object was Trianglar on the bottom with a beaker shape on the top. Object was initially very bright but after stopping began to dim an move slowly. At the time the object first appeared, another person driving on the road saw the object and stopped next to me. I ran home and got a pair of binoculars and continued to observe the object for approx 45 minutes until the object simply winked out. This was observed in either the fall of 1974 or 1975. I was in high school at the time and did not yet have my drivers license. It was in the evening around dusk, probably around 17:30. I was walking home in a residential area on a clear evening just after the sun had set. It was still relatively light and the object appeared moving west to east very rapidly and stopped just overhead. The object was initially a bright white ball of light which I had to shield my eyes from. It came in so quickly and was so bright that it seemed to streak in like you would expect a meteor to do. At the same time a car was coming down the street toward me. Upon noticing the same object, the man inside slammed on the breaks and jumped out of the car asking what the hell is that. We watched the object for several minutes. It was 200 to 300 feet in the air and made no sound. The obect began moving very slowly and the light eminating from it began to steadily dim. I observed a triangular outline on the bottom and a short beaker like area sitting on top of the triangle. The light eminating from the object was still rather bright so it was difficult to see more. After observing the object for a few minutes I quickly ran home and got a pair of binoculars. The object was out of my site for perhaps 90 seconds while I was in the house. My mother followed me out to our back yard to continue observing the object. The object continued heading east and continued to get dimmer. We watched the object for approx. 30-40 minutes. At this time it was completely dark out and there were many stars. My mother and I then heard jet engines and noticed three lights approaching the object from three different directions. The object, that now appeared about the size of a star, suddenly shot up as the aircraft approached, stopped and then winked out. I did not know the man that stopped on the street to observe the object with me and I never saw him again. My mother was a house wife with a high school education who was very interested in UFO's but had never seen one before. We did not report it. I am an engineer and have been very interested in the UFO phenomenon since that time. I have seen several things, since then, that I can't explain. That sighting, however, was the only sighting that was clearly something I could not attribute to something known and I still often wonder just what it was. I don't beleive this sighting was reported by anyone else at the time. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.3928;-71.5654
Square obj. flew over my house, black in color.  Watched until I could no longer see it.  ~3 minutes later, another. ((anonymous rept.);2019-07-02 21:00:00;2 minutes (each);Square object flew over my house it was black in color. I watched it until I could no longer see it.  About 3 minutes later another followed this one seemed higher.  Shape was harder to make out.  Same watched it until I could no longer see it.  No lights were visible. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));42.3928;-71.5654
