While driving into Rochelle...saw a glowing ball of light falling over a cornfield and disappearing into a V-Shaped opening in the sky.;1999-10-31 18:00:00;4 seconds;While driving into Rochelle...saw a glowing ball of light falling over a cornfield and disappearing into a V-Shaped opening in the sky. It was Halloween night and I was driving to Rochelle from Ashton.  Just outside of Rochelle I noticed something out of the corner of my eye. I looked to the right through my windshield.   Off in the distance over the cornfields was a bright orange glowing ball floating down.  It floated down for a second and then seemed to change shape from a glowing ball into a cone.  However, the glow was not visible on the cone shaped part of the object.  The object grew smaller until it disappeared.   It's height in relation to a tower off in the distance made it seem twice it's height.  I could not judge it's distance from me.  What I believe I was seeing was not the object changing shape, but the object slipping into a V-Shaped opening in the sky, which made it appear to be changing shape as it entered it...and eventually disappeared into.  This whole sighting happened in about 3-4 seconds.;41.9246;-89.0722
Observed a green fireball with white and green flames track across the western sky going from north to south.;2003-09-04 03:05:00;10 seconds;Observed a green fireball with white and green flames track across the western sky going from north to south. As a police officer on patrol, while looking at the western skyline I observed a green fireball go across the sky going from north to south heading in what appeared to be a downward direction. It was trailed by a greenish white burning tail with what appeared to be distinctive flames. It didn't look to be a typical shooting star as it was moving much slower than others I have seen and it appeared to be rather close in relation to shooting stars that I've seen in the past. Same object was also witnessed by a citizen in another part of the county who reported it to the Sheriff's Department. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see report from Missouri for the same time and date.  PD));41.9246;-89.0722
