My friend and I who were both 16 at the time were driving to her house on state highway 51 westbound. We were going to be late for curf;1989-01-01 23:59:00;1-2 mins;Summary : My friend and I who were both 16 at the time were driving to her house on state highway 51 westbound. We were going to be late for curfew so we were in a hurry. there were no cars coming in either direction. We were driving along and something caught my peripheral vision to the north. We saw about 5 or 6 bright lights coming up from the ground behind the tree line they were so bright they looked like spotlights shining straight up into the air. I was freaking out telling her to stop so we could see what that was so we slowed down considerebly then these lights started to turn in a complete circle all at the same time. We were both going Oh my God what the hell is that?!!! Then the lights just started crisscrossing over one another very fast. I was still begging her to stop so we could watch them but she was afraid of getting in trouble for being late for curfew already so we just drove off. I believe this was a ufo on the ground there are no buildings or houses around where this happened only fields and trees a fairly rural area. This is one of the strangest things I have ever seen. I don't remember the exact date I only remember it was late spring or early summer in 1989 My friend Kristie VanBrunt and myself were driving westbound on highway 51 to her house we were going to be late for curfew and she didnt want to get in trouble. We were just driving along talking and all of a sudden out of the corner of my right eye I see these incredibly bright white lights shining straight up into the sky there were about 5 or 6 of them and they were arranged in a circle the lights were behind the tree line coming up from the ground. I was like WHAT THE HELL IS THAT!!! and told my friend to stop the truck so we could see she wouldn't stop partly out of fear of her parents and the fact she did not know what we were seeing but we did slow down to about 10 miles per hour there were no cars in either direction as far as we could see which was unusual. The lights started to turn around in a big circle  they stayed in their posistion but the whole thing was turning slowly at first then very fast. Then the lights just started going crazy criss crossing each other and we were both just staring with our jaws wide open in disbelief at what we were seeing I started screaming  to stop but she wouldn't. I am now 24 years old I have 2 children I am a supervisor in a telecommunications center and consider my self very normal. My friend is a homemaker mother of 1. We have not told very many people about this because people look at us like were nuts. Every since then I have had a firm belief in ufos.;35.9585;-95.354
