Myself and a friend witnessed a bright, white cirle of light about 20 yds across.It was about 500 feet above us.Everything went silent.;1998-06-06 00:30:00;5 minutes;Myself and a friend witnessed a bright, white cirle of light about 20 yds across.It was about 500 feet above us.Everything went silent. We were sitting on the hod of a car talking when my friend yelled Look at that. I turned and directly overhead was a bright white circle of light about 20 yards across. It had a faint red halo around it, outside of which the white light was dimmer. The object had a tail. The tail was a deep blue. Within it were diamond aquamarine shapes which fluctuated in color and position. There had been clouds in the sky prior to the event. The sky was completely clear. There was a noisy fountain behind us. Throughout the entire event we heard nothing. All sound stopped. The obeject slowly flew over us about 500 feet up in relation to tree tops. Both myself and the witness felt completely at peace. We both had an out of body experience. As it flew over the object stayed a perfect circle. It did not elipse. In total the event seemed to take about five minutes. Later we discovered it had been about 20 minutes. The object came to the tree line and disapeared. It never sped up. We rushed to look around the trees and saw nothing. It was gone instantaneously. It wasn't as if the light had blinked out. It was simply no longer there.We rushed inside to tell two other friends. They did not witness the light. They came outside with us and we all looked around. The four of us saw two planes flying by. There are no commercial flight paths over this area. We had all worked and lived in the area for at least two years and know the skies pretty well from being outdoors so much. The whole experience felt very peaceful during but afterward both my friend and I were terrified of seeing it alone. Myself and my friend are both 22 years old and college students.;39.4497;-105.4692
Red and blue flashing white moving round objects.;2015-09-27 22:30:00;20 minutes;red and blue flashing white moving round objects. While watching the lunar eclipse, my brother and saw orange/blue  blinking round object cutting across the west part of the sky going faster than plane,  from us.satellite .shooting star etc....., it then slowed up and when straight away f trom us.....then text time we saw it , it was way 1 ... 0'x farther away, a very small dot of light but was moving from right to left......it was very fast because it was so far away but it hooked up with another white light changing colors.....then both of them started to zig zag as if they were having fun.....after the moon eclipse was over they both flew off.......;39.4497;-105.4692
5 lights seen travelling in a straight line followed shortly later by 2 similar lights.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-26 08:53:00;5 minutes;5 lights seen travelling in a straight line followed shortly later by 2 similar lights. At approximately 8:53PM my neighbor, a police officer, and I witnessed UFO phenomena in the mountains 45 minutes Southwest of Denver.  If you are familiar with what a satellite looks like when going across a sky it will be easier to understand what we saw.  Essentially it looks like a star that slowly creeps it's way across the sky.  I was outside, bored from quarantine and playing with my badass blue light laser from China. It is like holding a 25 mile long lightsaber.  I was pointing out constellations for my neighbor when all of a sudden I saw what I assumed to be a satellite.  I circled it with the beam and showed to identify it.  A few seconds later we saw another, directly in line. Strange but not crazy...  Except they kept coming.  Five in a row forming a perfect straight line streaking the sky. They were evenly spaced, but strangely, had differnt magnitudes of brightness.  I freaked the fuck out and tried to take a video, but as you know you can't tape things with the brightness of stars using a cell phone camera.  After the objects made their way across the horizon, two more seemed to follow quickly in pursuit, not in a line but side by side. These however were the same brightness as each other and bluish in color. Also unlike the previous five, these two disappeared suddenly after flying half way across the sky.  From our position we witnessed all objects follow a Northeastern trajectory.  Following the incident I called a Denver new station and asked if they had other reports. They did and dismissed them as satellites. I am an amateur astronomer and know what I saw. Satellites do not travel in formation.  I believe the objects did not have physical lights on them but were rather travelling in space. The light from the sun made their reflections visible. This rules out military aircraft which as a dime a dozen in CO. And not to mention they were completely silent.;39.4497;-105.4692
