3 bright orange lights in a horizontal line hover over some trees for 15 minutes then the lights turned blue and it vanished;2008-07-08 09:40:00;20 minutes;3 bright orange lights in a horizontal line hover over some trees for 15 minutes then the lights turned blue and it vanished It was Monday night and my friend had got out of work early so I was heading over to hang out and crash for the night. I figured take Jennings because it seems to be a little bit quicker then route 62. I spotted a couple deer on the side of the road so I figured drive a little slower and be a little more observant because all I need to do is hit a deer and total my car on what always seems like no traffic road. Way before the 45mph area I noticed three orange lights in the sky in a horizontal line with the center light being larger and brighter then the other two. At first I thought whoa that’s a bright airplane and just ruled it off as just that a bright airplane. I drove for a couple more seconds then looked again out of curiosity and noticed it was moving towards Springville and not the Buffalo airport and that the lights were constant and not flashing. This observation caused me to slow down to almost a stop, now my curiosity was peaked, what could this be I thought. So I figured after another couple seconds of driving to just stop and watch it. I pulled over and put on the emergency flashers and got out of my car and climbed on to the roof to get a better view. This craft seemed to moved very slowly for about 5 minutes and then suddenly it stopped moving over what seemed liked woods from my point of view. By this time I was looking more towards Hamburg rather then Buffalo and was getting rather excited. After what seemed like another 5 minutes I got a little too excited and had to take a puff on my inhaler. About another 10 minutes passed and then suddenly all the lights on this craft simultaneously turned bright metallic blue color and then it suddenly vanished, this whole process took at max a minute and well scared me half to death so I got back in my car called my friend told him I would be a little late and left in a hurry. To clarify things it stayed stationary in the sky for 15 minutes then its lights turned metallic blue and it vanished and by vanished I mean it just basical! ly was t here one second and then gone the next leaving no trail no flash no nothing just gone. Now I've seen planes before at night being as they fly over my friends house and that definitely wasn't a plane. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));42.6468;-78.8768
Slow moving black UFO diamond shaped light;2015-10-07 05:30:00;~20 minutes;Slow moving black UFO diamond shaped light I was waiting for the bus and its still very dark and I go to put my headphones on and I hear a loud Erie noise, almost like a muffled aircraft...  I look up and just behind my house I see lights, as It gets closer I notice the lights make up a diamond shape particularly orange in color, very bright.  I stand there confused, thinking to myself im looking at a UFO.  Few seconds later, I can faintly see a black mass (only because the clouds were in the way of the moon and illuminated the sky a bit) just enough for me to make out a very hard to see dark object.  At first I thought it was a stealth bomber but then as it pasted over my house I saw that it was moving very very slow, the sound get louder, brights lighter and the shape of the object is more appearent and I just keep thinking about it. About 5 minutes later I see a light rise in the sky and start heading my way SAME EXACT THING, don't know if maybe military trading by my house or something bigger;42.6468;-78.8768
