Tear Dropped Shaped Object and Orb Cluster Observed In Arizona;2011-09-18 06:00:00;~1hour;Tear Dropped Shaped Object and Orb Cluster Observed In Arizona At approximately 6am I saw an object between east and southeast of my position.  The sun had come up over the horizon and the sky was lit up with no clouds in that area of the sky.  Initially I thought the object looked too bright, to big, and oddly shaped to be any standard object found in the sky.  There were no other visible objects in the morning sky.  The object was approximately 30-40 arc-degrees above the horizon. I grabbed a pair of binoculars to inspect further.  Using the binoculars I saw a tear dropped shaped object that was approximately 10-20 times the size of a planet when viewed through the same binoculars.  The tear drop was orientated with the largest part of the shape towards the zenith and the narrowest point of the shape towards the horizon.  The shape wasn’t a perfect tear drop.  Along right hand side from the mid-point to the bottom there was a slight inward notch on the form. The object was a solid luminescent bluish white color with no interior features and fairly bright, possibly as bright as Venus maybe brighter.  Along the upper right edge of the shape the color was a little different being a very vibrant violet-blue in color, almost like light coming from a prism. I watched the object for approximately 40 minutes in this state.  During that time it appeared to move a short distance through the sky as if it was in a fixed position (i.e. Earth’s rotation was moving it through the sky). I wanted to rule out any planets being in the area so I went into the house to look up sky charts.  After looking at the star charts and ruling out the possibility of any planets being in that position I returned outside.  This was approximately 6:40am.  At that time the tear drop shaped object was gone and there were two other objects in that area.  My assumption is that the tear drop shaped object broke apart into these objects, but without seeing the transition I can’t say with certainty. The two new objects were approximately 3-4.5 arc-degrees apart from each other.  One was slightly below and to the left of the other.  The upper most object appeared to be a reddish orange object that changed shapes during the time that I observed.  It was approximately 1/5th the size of the original tear drop shaped object.  It brightness was significantly less than that of the tear dropped shaped object.  It kept changing shapes at one point it looked like Saturn with a ring around it, then it changed to a circle, then to half circle.  After that it appeared to rotate between circle, half circle, and an oval shaped object. The second object appeared to be a cluster of small individual white orbs.  The orbs within the cluster moved around in a chaotic fashion.  Every once in a while an orb would shoot up towards the zenith from the cluster.  It would travel for about 10 seconds or so in a slow, straight, trajectory before it faded out.  I studied the orb cluster for several minutes watching this same activity repeat itself until the cluster could no longer be seen. I then switched back to the reddish orange object.  I observed it for several more minutes.  It continued to cycle shapes, circular, oval, half circle, before I couldn’t see it anymore.  The event lasted till approximately 6:55am. I have spent some time studying the daytime and nighttime sky, as an amateur astronomer.  My daytime profession is that of an engineer.;33.2898702325582;-111.84128744186
Intermittent pulsing, green, stationary, then moved an hour later.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star or planet, we suspect.  PD));2017-09-20 03:30:00;1 hour;Intermittent pulsing, green, stationary, then moved an hour later. I Woke up from sleep at 3:30 am and noticed my phone was dead (odd because it was fully charged a few hours ago) I go to the outlet near my bedroom window and happen to look out.  It is an east facing window.  I saw a bright white light that I pushed off as a star. I went to the kitchen and back and looked out again.  I now saw the light now flashing red and blue. I think ok its a plane.  I decide to look one more before I get back in bed. It is now pulsing green with  almost laser  looking lights all around except for the top left corner also pulsing green in a   clockwise circular pattern.  I was shocked and rushed outside.  I had no way to photograph because of the dead phone.  I watched until 4:15 it was stationary the entire time and would pulse green with long starburst formation then go back to a plain white light and sometimes flash red and blue in the center. Like I said, this was stationary the entire time until I went in at 4:15 am . I looked out one more time from my window and it was no longer visible directly from my window. I crouched down and the green light was now directly above my apartment building(still stationary). I went to bed and had strange dreams and thought I was hearing loud noises all night.;33.2898702325582;-111.84128744186
