4 glowing red orbs over north central ohio, first one, then a pair in formation, followed by one again.;2014-07-14 01:00:00;Several minutes;4 glowing red orbs over north central ohio, first one, then a pair in formation, followed by one again. I was sitting on my back porch, using my tablet, when I saw a single glowing (red) orb cross the sky, traveling from the north west heading south east.  I have seen red orbs like this once before, and suspected it might be a ufo, but was unprepared the first time.   When the first orb appeared, I watched it dumbfounded for a minute, to see the same object again, then got my wits and went into the house to get my digital camera.  I only caught a smidgen of the first object.   Then a few minutes later, TWO identical orbs, both glowing red, followed the EXACT same flight path, in the EXACT same direction, at the EXACT same speed.  I got the two in formation recorded, only the first few seconds of it were in focus but they are discerable.  I didn't have the foresight to have the camera on manual focus and as I zoomed in, it drifted out of focus.   Not long after the pair of orbs vanished, a FOURTH came into view, once again, EXACT same flight path as the previous 3.  I have a much better video of the last orb.  In it, I have the entire flight, from where it first became visible, to when it went beyond where I could see.   I have both close zoom and I also pulled back to include the moon in the shot, to provide scale for distance and speed.   All four objects were totally silent, I heard no aircraft sounds whatsoever, saw no blinking marker lights, only the red glow.   I believe because of location and time, as well as other physical characteristics of the event, that I was not seeing sunlight reflecting from airplanes.   The light was constant and consistend for the entire event, never waxing or waning, never changing in intensity as a reflection would.   Also, these objects should have been flying through the shadow of the earth, as shown given the time and lunar illumination.;41.2394999999999;-82.5974999999999
