Aircraft turned off headlight beam and all lights then began flashing alternating stacked horizontal rows of blue then red lights.;2014-12-17 18:00:00;~15 minutes;Aircraft turned off headlight beam and all lights then began flashing alternating stacked horizontal rows of blue then red lights. Approximately between 6:00 and 7:00 pm, I was walking from my car to my front door and noticed a very bright white headlight of an aircraft in the cloudless night sky coming in my direction from north to south crossing an area of the property that I have never seen planes or helicopters fly before.  It wasn't as high an elevation as jets use but was that of possibly a low flying smaller aircraft.  I stood thinking it was a helicopter coming from Atlanta to LaGrange but was not sure so I decided to stop and watch it fly over.  I waited but with the sensation that it was approaching I soon realized it was either moving very slow or not moving at all.  I was just about to tell my husband to come out side when the light or power was turned off on the aircraft and the sky was black.   Within a few seconds two horizontal stacked rows of 5-9 red lights appeared in a straight line at the location where I had originally seen the bright light in the sky.  The red lights went ! off and within a few seconds of nothing but black, the lights reappeared in the same formation but appeared to be blue in color.  These went black also within seconds and the red lights reappeared.  These lights continued alternating colors going off and on multiple times and I went to the door and called my daughter and husband to come out and look.  My daughter took a picture and a video of the object and the row of red lights.  The video nor the camera took a picture of the object as my daughter was certain she had done so.  The I phone would not work but always has in the past.  But she did see the row of red lights.  As my husband came out the row of lights had disappeared and the object had reached within a mile of my house and at this time only had a couple of red and white lights underneath it as a plane would have.  It was much larger than a Cessna plane but the night was so black I could not distinguish the shape.  A smaller plane was flying west to east behind us and the ! aircraft we were watching made in less than a 1/4 of a mile width a U -turn before reaching us and proceeded back north at a somewhat faster pace than it had approached us towards the Newnan, Ga, area.;33.1644;-84.9309
