Close viewing of disk-shaped ufo with colored lights;2009-10-01 04:30:00;10 seconds;Close viewing of disk-shaped ufo with colored lights At 4:30 a.m. October 1, 2009 my nine-year-old son woke up and went to the bathroom.  While still in his bathroom he heard a vibrating hum outside, then went back to his bedroom and looked out the window.  He saw within 20 feet of his window an object hovering slightly up and down, holding a position between our house and a wooded area approximately 100 feet away from our house.  The object appeared to him at this close distance to be approximately as wide as his room, about 12 feet wide, and approximately 5 feet in height.  The object was shaped like a flattened football with a dome on top.  My son said if looked down on from above the object would have been shaped like a circle.  The dome appeared to be made of green glass.  The object was colored all black except for a pattern of three sets of square-shaped lights on the side which alternated flashing lights of green, blue, and red.  The object appeared to be disc-shaped, but the left and right edges, from his perspective, had blue lights that glowed continuously and did not flash.  The object hovered there for a few seconds and then moved slowly up and away from our house.  The sky was clear and not raining.  Behind the object was a dark background of dense trees.  My son's window is approximately 15-20 feet above our basement patio, and my son said it appeared to be close enough to be partially over the patio.  The patio extends out from the side of the house approximately 15 feet.  I awoke when I heard my son opening and closing doors in the hall when he was going to the bathroom.  I heard him speaking to his younger brother for a few seconds, and then he came to my bedroom and told my husband and me what he had seen.  It was then that I checked the time and it was about 4:35 a.m.  My son was afraid, but calmly related what he saw.  Later this morning after breakfast I asked him with nonleading questions to describe what he saw and to draw a picture of it.  He described the incident the same as he described it at 4:35 this morning, and the picture he drew matches the description of what he described verbally. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.1644;-84.9309
