Viewed a 5-6 shaped ufo, with pulsating lights hovering above my vehicle on highsway 36 near Cameron Texas.;2012-12-20 23:30:00;2-5 minutes;Viewed a 5-6 shaped ufo, with pulsating lights hovering above my vehicle on highsway 36 near Cameron Texas. First of all my name is ((named deleted)), I'm 17 y/o and I live in Houston.  I've never believed in UFOs before in my life until last night.   At 7:30pm me and my mom left Houston to drive to my grand parents ranch in Copperas Cove Texas. Along the drive around 11pm, Thursday, December 20th, we saw a pulsating bright light in the distance the light would  change between completely bright and completely dark in 1 second intervals.  I noticed  it looked odd,  although at such a far distance it was hard to call it anything other than a plane. So I disreguarded it, and kept looking at the landscape.  Suddenly, I heard my mom shriek and I looked out the windshield to my upper left hand corner what I saw almost looked completely unlike anything I've ever seen before outside of movies.  A five to six sided hexagon looking ship was seemingly hovering almost directly above our vehicle.  Imagine sitting in the passenger seat and looking up to the left through the windshield, the object I saw was about the size of a gold dollar, so I am assuming it was no further then a half mile above our heads.   The only time you could see what it clearly looked like, is when it was iluminated, although it was hard because it was flashing in 1 second intervals like a strobe light.   The object was gray on the bottem and each corner of the shape had a light.  I could tell that the object wasn't skinny, it looked like a hotel in mid air, the size of it was jaw dropping.   As soon as the UFO was no longer in view outside of the windshield,  (Directly above us, but blocked by the material on the roof of the car), I grabbed my moms phone and crawled to the back of the car and began to film.  By this point it seemed as if it had covered a vast amount of distance.  Note that there were atleast 4-5 cars behind us on the same road.  The name of the road we were on is Highway 36 right outside of Cameron, Texas. Even now I am having a hard time believing my eyes. The way it was moving was completely unlike anything I've ever seen before. There was no noise, there also was trail of gas or any type of fuel in its wake.  Leading me to believe that it wasn't some massive oddly shaped plane flying at a low altitude.  Once again I never in my life have believed in alien technology or UFOs of any sort.  Attatched are zoomed in screenshots of the video I took, and a video. In Stevensville on December 19th there was a sighting and the video resembles mine almost exactly. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with both this young man, and with his mother.  Both of the two witnesses to the event struck us as being quite sincere, and quite sober-minded.  We suspect that both mother and son describe their experience quite sincerely, and honestly.  PD));30.8535;-96.9734
