At Creation East in Mt. Union Pennsylvania, a small light moved irregularly, giving the appearance of a UFO;2004-06-29 23:00:00;25 minutes;At Creation East in Mt. Union Pennsylvania, a small light moved irregularly, giving the appearance of a UFO At a music festival called Creation East (basically a christian rock music festival for which I went for the music and not the preachy element present), I decided to go off by myself and lie on my group's truck for awhile while they all discussed religious issues around a campfire. I just stared at the night sky, trying to clear my mind so I could get my own issues sorted out, which I had initially gone to Creation for.  As I stared into the sky, I noticed a small light that kept moving, slowly at first, then it would zip over across the sky a bit, near some other star which was stationary. I thought I must be seeing things first, so I watched the light move about for about 10 minutes alone, then went to ask my friends whether or not they saw it.  Two of my friends saw the light, and noticed that it seemed to be moving, and that it would zip away at certain points during its movement to another part of the sky not too far away.  I then proceeded to ask the campsite next to ours whether or not they saw the light's movement, and, as they were drunk, they didn't believe me and decided instead to mock me for being blind or something of that nature. Regardless, I watched the light by myself a few minutes later, then noticed it stopped.  The light itself seemed to be spinning in place, which struck me as very odd indeed, and then what happened next was a bit scary the light started spinning in place, then a little red light flew off of one end of it and traveled in a straight path for a bit, then faded out, while the main light kept spinning. This phenomenon occurred several times, until eventually the light was obscured by clouds and I could no longer see it.  Nobody who saw it could tell me what it was, and those three who assumed it might be a UFO said nothing about it after that, though I think about it often, wondering what exactly went on that night.;40.3912;-77.8701
