Lights in sky.  Flying objects.;2014-03-28 11:30:00;1 minute;Lights in sky. flying objects. well theres a few differnt dates. but over peters creek ak    i was walking outside take my daughter to the bus stop.  she says dad look.  i looked and there was 4 lights in the sky.  she said soon i told it changed from one to four.   they hovered over the mountains.  seen them clearly.  lights in the sky.  never paid any more attention.  then my wife seen them a week later maybe over sbirchwood area late about 11 pm now for the past week we have seen something flying over the mountains and fly straight up. no engine sound.    over bear mountain area in chugiak we heard a sound on the highway.  i walked out of the bed room and my wife says wow what the hell.  something flying north up the glen hwy off the ground.  1 light then 3.   vshape object my wife said. i asked if it was a tractor trailer.  she said it was off the ground.  late at night we see them ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));61.4077;-149.4478
2 sets of lights  one solid red one oval shape light.;2015-03-13 21:00:00;5 minutes;2 sets of lights  one solid red one oval shape light. report this to nuforc last year i seen them again with my daughter while going to the store a little different tho we followed a red light going north up old glen hwy it stopped over road  we drove under it we both had our windows open it made no sound   i couldnt stop  we were both scared  we did stop a lil farther down rd  stuck our heads out the window and there was nothing in the sky i turned truck off to listen   ten fifteen minutes later a helicopter flew over low with its spot light on going north  i did here it coming up the road fron eagle river  i did run outside to see where it was heading idk what it is  but it was weird  the size of the white light i seen first was about the size my index finger nail tip about a half mile away  second time i seen that light in a week that light wasnt round streched out oval shaped please dont share my email or number  i tried tell my daughter it was a helicopter    she said but it didnt make any noise might of been airbase idk   but when we were following it i started to flash my lights  it did start to slow  thats when we started to get scared  after we were home  i felt a lil sick hot on inside idk  my fillings hurt like i bit down on foil   idk  i dont believe in aliens  but im seeing weird things flying around here  i look but i dont see anything    it started firtst when we were leaving our house for the store  she says hey dad look those to planes i turned and she says the other took off fast  the one i watched was flying straight then zigzag realy fast  she ask can planes fly that fast idk  u can contact me here  but like i said  dont share my email or number i look at my map on phone  theres weird color in mountains around eklutna glacier  yellow green  u follow trail to glacier u on map u might see it;61.4077;-149.4478
I live across the Cook Inlet directly across Chugiak AK. I looked out and saw a bright light almost thought it was an incredible bright;2018-04-11 23:00:00;2 hours;I live across the Cook Inlet directly across Chugiak AK.  I looked out and saw a bright light almost thought it was an incredible bright star, but thought, too low, too bright.  I watched it stay in one place for at least an hour or so wondering what it could be.  Satellite maybe?  Then about 2 hours into it, it began to move slowly towards what looked like Eagle River but over the mountain range until it was just gone.  But how it hovered in one spot for 2 hours without moving then all of a sudden moves and disappears.  Weird.   Anyone have a clue?;61.4077;-149.4478
Blue lights in sky;2021-03-17 23:00:00;2 minutes;Blue lights in sky blue light slowly wavering across the sky, then circled, seemed to break into two lights, separated far apart, then back into one. then took off at a 90 degree angle and vanished.  No sound (like engine noise). I could not tell what the blue light was attached to.;61.4077;-149.4478
