I have seen a UFO with no lights.  UFO= Un-identified Flying Object;2010-11-04 10:30:00;5 seconds;I have seen a UFO with no lights.  UFO= Un-identified Flying Object I heard about you guys on Coast to Coast AM, so I have decided to share my story.  My story differs from most on Coast to Coast in one way: lights.  I live about 40 miles north of Vandenburg Air Force base.  They are the western United States site for launching satelites.  I dont exactly remeber the dates when this experience occured so the day might be a little off.  Vandenburg was supposed to launch a missle at 9:30 PM on the night in question.  I enjoy watching the missles launch so I always try to observe them.  The night was clear and there was no wind or moon shining.  A perfect night for a missle launch.  I was sitting on my back porch, which looks south, waiting to watch the event.  10:15 rolls around and still no launch.  They usually run late.  So, being stubborn and having wonderful weather, I stick around and start going through constellations in the night sky.  At this point I had been looking at the night sky for a while.  From the north an obj! ect, cloaked, flies by at an alarming rate headed south.  The only reason the object caught my eye is that it blacked out the stars behind it.  There were no lights.  It came into my view and was gone in less than five seconds.  My story tells of a UFO with no lights.  Im sure a rare sighting.  If I had to guess the shape, I would say a diamond shape or that of the Batman Logo.  It flew incredibly quick and directly toward VAFB.  There were no sounds related to the object and the speed itself should have created some sound.  I could not estimate at the size since it was hard to see it but would guess the speed being somewhere near 600 MPH. It was there and gone.  I would estimate the size to be about the size of a twin engine airplane, maybe 50 feet across.  The thing that makes me wonder is that Vandenberg did not launch the missle that night due to &quotweather delays.&quot  It was delayed for two days after and launched early morning.  You want a background?  I am a wa! rehouse specialist for a local company.  I have a diploma with! some co llege, mostly geology and history.  I have passed psyche exams for jobs with law enforcement but havent passed backgrounds.  I dont exactly believe in extra-terrestrials, but know that God made a giant universe with endless possibilities.  Are we over-run with them, or are we just being &quotvisited?&quot  I dont know and could really careless as long as my paycheck is cashed.  I feel that if ET's were going to visit us, they would treat it like a military operation.  Lights out!  Which is why I am sharing this with you guys.  I could not identify this object.;35.123;-120.6193
