Small Triangular object seen while flying at 9,000 feet over Grover Beach, California;2007-09-08 14:00:00;15-20 Seconds;Small Triangular object seen while flying at 9,000 feet over Grover Beach, California This sighting occurred in flight on 8 September 07 at approximately 1400 PDT in the area of Grover Beach/Arroyo Grande California. I was flying a single engine civilian aircraft on an IFR flight from Monterey California to Santa Barbara. We were southeast bound flying direct to the Gaviota VOR (a radio navigation beacon near Santa Barbara) at 9,000 feet. We were in visual meteorological conditions with clear skies and 30+ miles of visibility.  I really don’t know how to describe what I saw. This wasn’t a classic “flying disc” type UFO.  As I stated earlier, we were in cruise flight at 9,000 feet pretty much directly over the Grover Beach area when I noticed a small object or objects at about our 10-11 o’clock position perhaps 300-500 feet below us and traveling in the opposite direction. It passed under the wing and I lost sight of it for a few seconds until it reappeared just behind the wing. I lost sight of it as it passed to about our 7 o’clock position. I observed it for perhaps 15-20 seconds. Not long, I know. The first thing I want to emphasize in my description of this object(s) was that it was small. I would say no more than 5-10 feet across. At first, I thought I was looking at two birds flying close together.  There were two distinct “bodies” or shapes that were either attached to one another or flying in a very close echelon type formation. One object slightly behind and to the right of the other.  As it approached, I became unsure if I was looking at two separate objects flying close together or a single object. As I said before, this thing was small but as the object got closer, I thought the two separate bodies looked somewhat triangular or diamond shaped. What was really remarkable about the object though was its color. This thing was an amazing blue color. I find it difficult to describe the shade of blue but I would say it was slightly darker than a “sky” blue but not much. The color is what really made me think I was looking at something artificial. It stood out against the generally brown/tan color of the ground but if you were below and looking up at it, it would have been very difficult to see.  A wayward kite? Some sort of remote controlled aircraft or UAV? Something else? I have no idea.;35.123;-120.6193
