Fireball observed Tuesday, Dec 7, 2004 in Chattanooga, Tennessee;2004-12-07 17:30:00;10 seconds;Fireball observed Tuesday, Dec 7, 2004 in Chattanooga, Tennessee From my front yard in Chattanooga, TN, I observed a large fireball moving Southeast to Northwest at approximately 5:30 PM on Tuesday, Dec. 7, 2004, I casually looked up and it caught my immediate attention as it was approximately the size of a street light, but much brighter, and a red tail streaking behind it. Within 7-8 seconds the fireball changed to what appeared as a round object and then disappeared from view.;35.0451159685863;-85.2526698952882
Five orange orbs ascend quickly into the sky over Chattanooga;2010-08-27 10:30:00;5 minutes;Five orange orbs ascend quickly into the sky over Chattanooga While traveling South on I-75 South, I noticed five large orange orbs which appeared to shoot upward into the sky. I was sitting in the front passenger seat while watching the sky, we were traveling about 75 miles an hour when I noticed them.  They appeared to be just outside of Chattanooga to the South of the city.  Due to being on a road trip, the driver and I had no time to stop and watch them, longer than they were plainly visible from the vehicle.  We did see fireworks going off about ten minutes prior to the event, however, given our speed and ground covered, the orbs were not in the same vicinity as the fireworks. I called a friend to file this report.  (The report was dictated in real time via phone call);35.0451159685863;-85.2526698952882
Four glowing orange orbs float over the city;2011-12-28 21:00:00;15-20 minutes;Four glowing orange orbs float over the city I had gone to bed early that night, 9:00 P.M.,  I was tired from work.  I had not yet fallen asleep when my two dogs started to growl and bark.  As I listened, one dog started to bark very loudly and was pacing rapidly all through the house.  My other dog, who NEVER barks or growls, began growling as if it were in extreme defesive mode.  I was still in bed and soon realized they were reacting to a dog outside and a few blocks away.  This other dog (outside) was freaking out so bad it sounded like it was being killed.  (This was included only because it got my attention. I am not saying the lights caused the dogs to bark, although it was very abnormal)  This got my attention and I turned over to look out my 4 ft. x 4 ft. window by my bed.  Up in the sky I saw an orange light. I was not wearing my glasses and the image was blurred, but I could immediatly see that it was unusual.  I stared, squintng, trying to adjust my focus thinking what the hell is it.  I ju! mped out of bed, grabbed my glasses, got back in bed, and watched. It hadn't moved.  I couldn't wrap my mind around it at first, I have been interested in UFOs my whole life, but to see one is mind bending!   First I deduced that it was not a reflection of light on my window as no lights were on in my house. Second, not a helicopter or plane or star or planet, this looked like it was a huge star that had come to Earth.  I was amazed, I leaned down to get a bigger view of the sky, as my roof eave was obstructing.  There was another!  I literally said Oh shit! I jumped up grabbed my phone and ran outside in my boxer shorts.  I live on a mountainside, three quarters of the way up to the top, with good views of thecity below.  Once outside I could see the huge clear open sky with FOUR round lights in a straight line! Just above the city to the left. I looked around and nobody was outside watching, I felt they should be so I let out a WHOOOO!! but no one heard.  The lights wer! e equally spaced, their height looked like they were level wit! h the to p of the mountain.  Which is not that high as the mountain is barely classified as a mountain.  The line of lights appeared as if it was around a mile long from the first light to the last but there really is no way to tell I guess. But they DID appear to be inside the semi-circular mountain range surrounding the city below. So to me they seemed close. I was unbelievably excited!  I stared at the lights trying to understand.  They were all the same.  I am assuming they were spheres,  because if they were discs or two dimensional circles they would have had to be facing me dead on because they appeared as a round circle of light.  The light did not glare as normal lights do. It seemed to be a ball of light that was contained within itself with a dull look almost like it was pulling in light instead of giving it off. there was no sound. There was movent within the orbs, I could not tell whether there were rotating lights inside or if there was a swirling effect and  changing co! lor from red to orange rapidly.  Basically it looked like four giant fireballs floating still in an evenly spaced long line.  I pointed my camera phone at one of the lights, all four would not fit in the frame, and took a picture. The result looked like a black sky.  I was frantic trying to fumble with my phone, I did not want to take my eyes off the lights.  I took another picture, my media storage had been reached and it did not let me save the second picture!! I couldn't believe it and did not want to waste time with deleting pictures.  By this time one of the lights, I do not remember which, started to  move slowly.  Maintaining the same distance, it moved into a triangular position with two other orbs forming an equal lateral triangle. T  he forth orb started to move slowly into position between two orbs and outside the triangle.  Seconds later all orbs moved simultaneously very slow from west to east right over the city. Anyone that looked up at that time would have seen them.  They passed over the city and &#8206Saturday, &#8206February &#820611, &#82062012phone. I realised I got a picture, it looks like a u-shaped light that is different colors. I put it on my computer and it's a little clearer, but my camera phone isn't great.  Although you can tell it is not a plane.  A few minutes later I actually called the police which I normally would not do.  I wanted to see if they had recieved any other calls about it.  He did not seem to care, although he did ask me a question or two.  I called my brother right after as the lights were headed towards his house, but he didn't see anything.  A couple of days later, I was on YOUTUBE and found a video: UFO OVER CHATTANOOGA 12/28/11 the same date as my sighting.! The video shows exactly what I saw except ther are three lights.  This made me feel good to know that some one else saw them.  His location was the opposite of my view.  There is also a video of ufo over chattanooga that is a hoax, japanese candle balloons.  They don't even come close to what  I saw.  I have always read about UFO witnesses saying that it was liked nothing they had ever seen. Now I know what they mean. I am a capenter.;35.0451159685863;-85.2526698952882
A bright orange fireball rose up slowly  from behind the tree line and then swiftly moved to the right and vanished.;2019-07-31 21:00:00;1 minute;A bright orange fireball rose up slowly  from behind the tree line and then swiftly moved to the right and vanished. While driving down the highway last night,  a single bright orange fireball arose vertically over the tree line in the horizon.  It glowed brighter and  brighter and seemed to increase in size. Once it reached the middle of the sky it began swiftly moving to the right and vanished. It was me, my brother, and my sister.  We could not believe our eyes. We could not figure out what it was. As soon as it appeared, it vanished.  It left an eerie silence in its wake. Later that night, after I went to bed, I vaguely recall waking up and seeing  crazy lights flashing in my window and a hearing a strange rumbling noise.  I tried to fully wake up but I couldn’t, it was like I was stuck in a haze.  I finally snapped out of the “haze”  when my dog jumped on my bed and started wining.  I assumed there was a thunderstorm (I thought what I had experienced was lightening and thunder and my dog only whines during storms) but when I checked  the weather it was crystal clear.;35.0451159685863;-85.2526698952882
