A silver orb seemed to hover and move in and out of the upper level of a large cumulus cloud.;1993-03-01 13:00:00;5 minutes;A silver orb seemed to hover and move in and out of the upper level of a large cumulus cloud. When I was 7 or 8, I was very much into distance running.  There was a 1.1 mile loop that I ran several times a week.   On a cool day sometime in the spring I was running up a large hill near a local middle school.  I looked up at a large cumulus type cloud and noticed what looked like a tiny silver sphere hovering next to the upper right part of the cloud.  It was very shiny, reflecting the sun like a car would on a sunny day.   I immediately stopped running and stared at this object trying to figure out what I was looking at.  I could tell the cloud was moving slowly towards me, but the object seemed to remain stationary.   After a few moments the object moved to the left, appearing to go inside of the cloud.  It stayed hidden for a few seconds, then moved right and again hovered in the same spot.   I watched it for a few moments, and it seemed to begin to move vertically very slowly.  Then it again moved left into the cloud and didn't emerge for what felt like several minutes.   As I began to run again I looked up one last time and saw a brief glimpse of the object as it moved in and out out of the cloud on final time. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));35.0451159685863;-85.2526698952882
Real life Star Wars;2009-03-20 03:00:00;20-30 minutes;Real life Star Wars Early one morning I went out to smoke and star gaze as I usually do. I noticed a couple of bright, yet discernible,lights moving from a NW to SE direction.  Often times I have seen Jetliners moving at a recognizable pattern involving a straight line flight or satellite movement which are very high above normal commercial aircraft flight patterns.  This was during spring break so my two children were at home and outside with me at the time,in fact, my oldest was the first to spot the bright approaching lights and coined the term Space wars after the event. The leading craft was moving much faster than a normal high flying jetliner and was moving in a 30 degree zig-zag as if it was swimming (best way I can describe it) and it suddenly passed another very bright and stationary object.  Then, For the lack of a better description, it dematerialized and faded away after it passed the stationary object.  Once passed and it was no longer visible,immediately in a split second, it seemed as if another craft equally as bright with a streak trailing, shot/zipped past where first craft had been headed ,  As if it was attempting to intercept the first crafts position in one of it's zig-zag motions. It honestly looked like something was attempting to shoot it down and was making a leading shot just as if you would if you were shooting a fast moving object.However,instead of hitting the first object by anticipating it's location,  The first object had disappeared leaving whatever it was that was attempting to intercept it shooting off into the distance with a big bright streak behind it. Then the stationary craft illuminated very,very brightly and shot off into the distance. I have never seen anything like it in all my life. My daughter kept saying, They are shooting at each other over and over again until it woke my wife who was sleeping upstairs on the other side of the house she was so loud. My son, Who is 6 was there to he ran inside to grab is toy gun and a set of cheap tasco binoculars. 20 minutes later there were several fast moving aircraft all over the place at about half the altitude of these objects. They did a number of grid like patterns then they were gone. As for me,I have been a police officer and I have been in the military as an imagery analyst and held a DoD TS/SSBI (Security Clearance) and my integrity has never been challenged or questioned when dealing with some of the highest military intel on the planet.. I can tell you without a doubt this was combat between two or three craft of extraterrestrial origin, without question!;35.0451159685863;-85.2526698952882
Extremely rotating Bright light and then was gone;2017-02-23 22:00:00;30 minutes;Extremely rotating Bright light and then was gone Extremely bright rotating sphere of light with a haze, looked way too close to be a planet or star but too small to be the moon.  Video doesn't really do it justice on how bright it was, but you can here my friend and I talking about how abnormally bright it seemed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Aex3KD_Jeo;35.0451159685863;-85.2526698952882
