Three lights in triangular formation traveling in a North-East Direction in sufflok, LI, from brentwood direction towards hauppauge.;2003-02-20 21:32:00;1:20;Three lights in triangular formation traveling in a North-East Direction in sufflok, LI, from brentwood direction towards hauppauge. It was on a Thursday evening at about 9:00 pm.  I had a rendevouz to meet my girl friend after night school in the parking lot of a local bank.  As we were chatting in the car and making jokes. I was sitting in the drivers seat and she was lying her head on my lap, looking up towards me and also the window was in her frame of vision.  She suddenly ask me  What's that!, I replied.  WHAAAT.  Then she started pointing directly overhead at the sky from my window and told me to look at something in the sky.  She said the stars are moving in the sky.  That's when I try to look at what she was refering to.  But from the way I was seating, I couldn't see anthing. So I got out of the car and started looking up to see if I can see anything stars moving.  She also got out of the car and came on my side of the car and started pointing at the sky about an angle of 87 degree directly over head.  That's when I notice Three star like object moving in the sky.  I couldn't believe it.  So started staring at it for like 30 seconds the see what it was.  The three objects were just as bright as the other stars in the sky, if not fainter then some.  They were traveling in a triangular pattern.  One in the front and two in the back, but in a triangular shape pattern.  The were moving fairly slow, enough to see the sighting for about over a minute.  As the lights continue to move in the same direction.  The one on the left side, moved diagonal towards the first light, which was leading the way.  as it moved towards the first light, it came very close to it, nearly touching it and went back to it's original position on the left side.  Then about 20 seconds past and the objects were at about a 60 degree angle, thats when I started noticing two other fainter lights appearing along side the two brighter lights on the sides.  One fainter light appeared on the left near the original light that was on the left side and same thing happened on the other side on the right light. Now the objects were at about a 45 degree angle in the! sky hea ding due north, cause the highway which was near me runs east to west and the objects werent heading in that direction and I knew for sure that they werent heading south.  They must have been traveling somewhat due north-north east.  Suddenly after the other lights appeared, they were a total of 5-6 lights visible, but strangly what happened after was that the original three lights started to dim away as the other lights started to appear, as that was happening, I started to notice they all were fading away one by one and out of sight.  At that time I looked at the time in the car and it was 9:32PM.  My girl friend and I were amazed to see that, but she mention to me that when she first notice them right overhead they were more of them, maybe around eight lights were visible she mentioned.  I wanted to share this with everyone and let them come with they own conclusions.  As for me I witness these lights as they were traveling in the sky.  They didn't look like planes nor shooting stars and I'm positive that they weren't some meteors in the night sky that was burning in the atmosphere.  Please let me know if there is any explaination for this.  I'll be happy to get any feeding and also answer in question that anyone may have. ((NUFORC Note:  The three lights that dimmed may be U. S. Navy NOSS satellites.  PD));40.8225;-73.2035
Vibrant blue light in the sky stayed visable for about 10 minutes.;2015-11-11 21:55:00;10 minutes;Vibrant blue light in the sky stayed visable for about 10 minutes. At approximately 21:55, I was traveling east on Veterans Highway in Hauppauge, NY, when I noticed a bright blue light in the sky.  I have never seen such a vibrant bright color of blue.  It was beautiful.    The light seemed to follow me, so I pullover over on Veterans Highway 454 to take pictures and observe it (10 minutes).  It stayed very bright and seemed to get smaller and larger almost looked like it was in two pieces at one point.  But I think that was cloud cover.   It seemed to disappear quickly.   I resumed on my drive home.  I took several pictures and have them on my computer.;40.8225;-73.2035
