it was a still light and then disepeared;1999-09-01 19:00:00;home;it was a still light and then disepeared   I saw 1 light frozen in the sky with a red collor and it disapeared ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));38.7715;-87.3222
Star light objects strobing red then white moving at very fast speeds for the altitude;2003-09-25 20:00:00;1 hour;((NUFORC Note:  We wonder whether the witnesses might have been observing twinkling stars, although that is a guess on our part.  It is virtually impossible to determine whether an object is moving, or not, when the observer is moving in a vehicle.  PD)) Star light objects strobing red then white moving at very fast speeds for the altitude My 7 year old son and I were traveling home from Terra Huate Indiana and left there at 20:00. We traveled South toward Vincennes Indiana on Highway 41. As we were driving my son said he saw a blinking star. I sang the song Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and said where do you think that song was made from. He said no dad this star blinks. I started looking around in the sky and saw 4 non moving flashing stars. My son stated he saw 2 that I could not see. These stars were flashing either a red and white combination or just a plain white combination. I told him they were stars and continued driving for 10 minuits. He then said that one of these stars were moving I looked over toward the passenger side window and sure enough this star object still flashing red and white was moving. I told him it must be an airplane and continued watching it as I drove. The star object was visible at all times to me starting from the back window and flew south staying at the same distance out my windows not moving up or down. Within a minuite I watched this object go from the West side to the South side then worked its way to my East. So to make this easier to visualize picture a bug crawl at the top of your windows so you could see it at all times from the back passengers window to the front passengers window then along the top of the front window from passengers side to the drivers side then along the drivers side door window. At all times this star object kept level with the ground. Once it was heading on the drivers side window I noticed that there was another star object and they stopped moving fairly close together they stopped making their red/white combination flashes and just started flashing white at a slow speed while not moving. The white flashes sincrinized flashing beep   beep   beep at the exact same time. This occered for several minuits still driving 60 mph with these object not moving to us. The objects then moved to appear to form one object and started their wild flashing again. This! happened for another minuite or so and then they moved again toward different directions. They did have a different magnitude of light one a bit softer than the other and I watched the same one fly back to its original spot on the west side of the sky. Again flying the same way I described before but backwards. We watched these dancing stars the whole 1 hour drive and even into out drive way. I told my wife who stuck her head out the window and she saw one not moving then it did to her suprise. I do not think she has the same understanding of these objects as we do since she jsut saw a glimps. We had watched these things from Terra Haute to Bicknell. A one hour drive. There was no trail behind these objects. If the object is far enough in the sky that as I drive 60mph and it appears to be non moving while its stationary. My guess would be that it is very far up there. The distance that an object would have traveled at that altitude would have been emmince and to be able to travel it in less than a minuit would be impossible. If it was an aircraft such as a plane I would call detail to the hovering together and the sincrinizing of the blinking lights. Then why would it travel back to the same spot. The other lights would disapeare and reapear but never saw them move from side to side. The altitude of this object off of the ground as I saw it. Was while sitting in the drivers seat the object was visible at the top of the windows. Other than the things stated in this box Im not sure what else I could do except explain its flight path a bit better. If you feel that this is not enough information feel free to contact me through email. But as wanting or needing to have some one contact me thats purly up to you. I just wanted to document what I saw just incase others saw it as well.;38.7715;-87.3222
