Bloomfield, N.J., 7:40pm EST, saucer-shaped craft heading north/northeast coming from the southeast.;2000-11-02 19:45:00;3 minutes;Bloomfield, N.J., 7:40pm EST, saucer-shaped craft heading north/northeast coming from the southeast. I was walking my dog.  I left the house between 7:30 and 7:40pm.  I live within a few miles of Newark International Airport so at any given time there are usually at least 5 or 6 aircraft in the sky.  Astronomy is a hobby of mine so I also know what the planet Venus looks like.  I was walking north, one block west of the entrance to the Garden State Parkway south at Hoover Ave. when I saw a light coming out of the southeast at a very great speed.  The light seemed to be flying at a steep angle.  At first I thought it was going to crash, but as it came closer, I realized that its flight was not on an angle, the craft itself was tilted, at least 45 degrees, but probably closer to 60.  And it was saucer-shaped.  Also, it did not have the lights on it that I usually see on aircraft coming or leaving the airport: it seemed as if the whole craft was one big light.  It was heading  north by northeast and had 2 near collisions with planes coming in for a landing.  It was also extremely loud, much louder than then the planes that normally fly by (and they are QUITE loud!).  In fact, it was the noise which first drew my attention.  )It sure as hell sounded like a plane that was going to crash).  The 2 planes it almost collided with were both coming from the direction of northern New York City, a typical flight pattern for around here.  If they had been cars, I would have said that this craft cut them off.  It was flying quite low, lower than normal for flying parallel to the ground.  As I watched, it seemed to head due north, following the Hudson River.  I felt sure I'd hear about it on the news the next day, since it was a VERY near miss with the other 2 planes.  But there was no mention of the incident.  However, I did tell a friend online that night about my sighting, lest you think I am making this up. I've known all along that what I saw was a UFO, but I run a fledgling website covering alternative and paranormal news. I felt that it is too early to have my credibility damaged.  The only reason I am reporting it now is because I read the report from Cresskill and I want the witness to know that they weren't just seeing things.  (If you want to check out my website, here's the address: ((address deleted));40.8022000000001;-74.1913999999999
What we saw was a hovering silent disc shaped craft with many lights emitting to the ground;2006-12-05 22:00:00;30 seconds;What we saw was a hovering silent disc shaped craft with many lights emitting to the ground My daughter and I were watching tv when bright lights shining though the window caught our attention.  It was a very clear night with a full or almost full moon.  What we saw was a hovering but silent craft with lights around the entire perimeter of it.  These lights seemed to be a color somewhere between yellow and orange, possibly even changing slightly from one moment to the next.  Lights also beamed down to the ground like gigantic flashlights which is what got our attention in the first place.  The craft left as suddenly as it appeared with great speed.  This experience was frightening to my daughter and myself and is what led me to come across this web site.  The people of New Jersey and elsewhere are seeing something and I think it's time we all find out just what it is.;40.8022000000001;-74.1913999999999
