11pm cluster of lights seen in and over Mountain Home and Gassville Ar.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius??  PD));2013-11-07 23:00:00;2+ hours;11pm cluster of lights seen in and over Mountain Home and Gassville Ar At 11pm, I was outside with dog and was looking up at the South eastern sky .  i noticed a really bright formation of lights , thought it was a helicopter coming in for a landing from many miles of the lights were so bright .  This light formation is in the flight path of a major air traffic , many planes follow this path .  I watched and this light formation did not move . It consists of red lights, white  radiating , blue and a green . These lights seem to alternate and then can all be seen at once .  Sometimes there will be a lot of red . It is not moving . We thought next maybe a star burning out , but that is not the case .  We positioned it with a fixed object on the ground and would keep a look out on it .  For an hour it has not moved . then at 12:00 it started to shake and get bright and turned just a hair (looked like it was turning around) here within the 15 minutes it has moved approximately a 1/2 centimeter moving from the east to the west .  Thus making us think again its a star . But we have watched planes pass by it and disappear .  It is not a plane but it looks like one with its lights blinking and alternating .  We have binoculars and cameras and we cant get a fix or a good pic with camera too far away  .  It is still there .  It is approximately the same altitude as the planes . We have also seen several meteorites fall .   Would love to know if we are looking at the space station, a satellite , weather balloon , or do we actually have a UFO? there are 7 of us the neighbors and myself watching this thing .  I am 44 yrs old do not drink or smoke or do drugs .  I am very interested in this this object seeing as it is in the path of the flight trails of planes I watch all the time .  Say a plane departing Dallas and flying to Atlanta .  This is a fixed flight path for big airlines .  We are three hours above Little ROck and this is in the sky from Gassville would be a straight line toward  Jonesboro, toward Cordova MS.  and in  that straight line on a map . but it is moving slowly I mean a! n hour i t moves maybe less than an centimeter . towards the west . Lights are radiating and sometimes matte. My neighbors are all in their 20's and their mother who could barely see it . I will continue to watch it and see if it is  in the sky again , I have called the local weather station in Springfield MO to see if they have any weather balloons in the upper eastern part of Arkansas . But as it is right now this is not a plane we know that for sure . And the movement of this and the lights and its brightness is really or cant be compared to anything else .;36.3148;-92.4701
He said to look at the stars. I thought he was talking about the moon and the bright star beside it.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-03-28 21:50:00;2 minutes;My boyfriend and i came outside. He said to look at the stars. I thought he was talking about the moon and the bright star beside it. It was beautiful.and he said no it's 4 stars lined up perfectly spaced out. Perpendicular to the ground.and one by one moved up and disappeared .;36.3148;-92.4701
