2 bright flashlights attached to a craft beams into doors of town houses.;2001-08-12 23:00:00;18 sec;2 bright flashlights attached to a craft beams into doors of town houses. My Friend and I were sitting on his couch one night when he looked out his double screen door and we saw two lights that looked as if they were attached to a cable. It was definately mechanical and moved pretty slow to the doors until it was alined with the window and then every  light in the house went out. When this happened we were freaked! Then it moved to the next back door in the town houses when that happened the lights came back on. the obect must have been at least 10 feet wide because it blocked our view of the shed that was in the back yard and it looked about 5-10 feet away. We were way to scared to see what it was so dont ask yourself that question.;33.4214056338028;-84.4754126760563
Star-like object(s) make unusual manuevers in the night sky.;2008-07-27 23:00:00;5 Min.;Star-like object(s) make unusual manuevers in the night sky. 07/23/2011  The events I am about to describe are absolutely true and were witnessed multiple times by myself and 1-2 other individuals at the same time.  These events were witnessed during the years of 2001-2002 and again in 2008-2009.  Under no circumstances were the individuals involved under the influence of any substance.  The following sightings were observed by multiple individuals without the influence of suggestion, or wishful thinking.  Each of these incidents was exactly alike in nature. At the time of my first sighting I was in my mid to late teens.  It was sometime in the summer months at around 10:00 p.m. to 12:00 midnight, as me and a friend of mine were awaiting his car ride home.  We had been waiting outside in the drive way under what was a perfectly clear night sky, for about forty-five minutes to an hour when something caught my eye. I have always been a bit of a “star gazer”, that is, I enjoy the beauty and awe of a well star-lit night.  So naturally, my eyes are often glancing to the stars, but this particular night I noticed what appeared to be a star in motion.  The object, from my point of view, appeared no different than the stars in the night sky: it twinkled exactly like a star and was the same size of a star from a ground-level perspective. Using my best judgments, the object seemed to be at a very high altitude- almost right outside of the earth’s atmosphere.  It was moving on a steady path at what would have been a high rate of speed in regards to how high it seemed to be traveling- much like how a plane seems to be moving slow when viewed from ground, but its actual speed is about 400 mph. I watched this strange object make its way across the sky with such curiosity and confusion in my mind regarding its identity.   During this point in my observation, I didn’t direct my friend’s attention to it because it was happening relatively fast and I was trying to process what exactly was going on.  It traveled this path for about 20 seconds from the time I noticed it until it did something that made my heart sink into my stomach. The object suddenly came to a complete and abrupt stop in mid-air, made a wide-angle turn at what looked like 4x its original speed, shot across the sky at an even higher rate of speed (without the characteristic “tail” associated with shooting stars) into the direction from which it came, and literally vanished into the night sky. In response to this, I naturally started screaming in disbelief at what I had just seen.  My friend laughed and attempted to offer suggestions as to what it could have been (a plane, satellite, comet, etc.) but I knew better.  In an attempt to explain what I had seen to my friend, I pointed to the sky and used my finger to describe the path the object had taken.  Within minutes I noticed the same object a second time, taking a similar path as the first sighting.  This time both me and my friend were observing the object repeat this similar course of travel, redirection and departure.  Needless to say, we were both baffled and I had gained another reason to watch the skies. Several years later on a similar summer night, I was standing outside in my father’s backyard beside a small bonfire talking with my brother and father.  Looking toward the stars, I noticed the same object making its course across the sky.  This time I made no hesitation to direct my company’s attention to the object.  Once again, the strange oddity followed the exact same course flight, redirection and departure.  All of us who were present saw the same events at the same time. I have no knowledge of any natural phenomenon that could occur as I have described.  There is no technology that I am aware of that could perform the way this object did.  I have no desire to create such stories for attention or for personal thrills.  I am in no way assuming that this/these object(s) are of any particular origin, be it human or “extra-terrestrial”- I simply do not have enough evidence or knowledge of the subjects to support either theory.  The only facts that I can absolutely be certain of are: 1) the events occurred exactly as described above and 2) the object does exist. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));33.4214056338028;-84.4754126760563
Strange luminous, transparent, oval/saucer shaped object with pink, orange, and yellow colors at 14:30 moving at incredible speed.;2013-06-18 14:30:00;5 seconds;Strange luminous, transparent, oval/saucer shaped object with pink, orange, and yellow colors at 14:30 moving at incredible speed. At approximately 14:30 I looked outside to see a break in the storm clouds. Not sure of the elevation but I was looking in the W/SW direction. What I saw appeared to be a faintly luminous, but not artificially lit object, more oval/saucer in shape.  It was faintly yellow, pink and orange in color - almost transparent but I couldn't see the clouds through it. It seemed suspended for about three seconds in the sky and then it shot off horizontally, accelerated at a speed - defying any aircraft I've ever seen.  It left a blur of a trail, like the light of the craft had blurred in its absence as it went into the tops of the storm clouds across from it.  The cloud coverage was too dense were it went so I wasn't able to track it.;33.4214056338028;-84.4754126760563
