large saucer object with red and green light over highway that sped away at unbelievable speeds.;1995-11-24 18:00:00;20-25 seconds;large saucer object with red and green light over highway that sped away at unbelievable speeds. i am reporting this as it was many years ago that this sighting occured. i believe i was around 14 years old and i am 29 now. i saw that there was a fireball sighting today and was just browsing your sight and noticed an article on june 16 2006 about current sightings that blew me away and reassured what my family and i had seen many years ago. it was i believe thanksgiving or christmas night and my parents and i along with my little brother who was sleeping in the car at the time were driving along I 96 from ionia,michigan toward lansing,michigan when all of a sudden a very very large object appeared out of nowhere directly over the highway. immediately several cars in front of us layed on their brakes i would say maybe four or five cars and a couple began to pull over because what they were noticing. my mother and father(who is sceptical of everything) said oh my god and so did i. the object was probably a football field wide and had just a green light on one end and red on the other,not very large lights at all.there were no other lights on it but you could tell just how big it was.it wasnt very tall really just wide and somewhat like a frisbee or saucer i guess. it was something like you would see in star wars or similar,just not many lights. it stopped over the highway for about 15 seconds or so and the most amazing part was the it took off into the horizon to the southeast so fast i knew that it was definately not any aircraft manmade.the speed was at an unbelievable rate of probably 1 second it was off into the sky. the person that told the story on june 16,06 told the almost identical description it is amazing. me and my family figured we would see a ufo sighting all over the news or thought about calling ourselves but thought the news might think we were crazy but we heard no more,which i thought was weird because of how many people saw this, i mean some were starting to pull off the highway. that night turned me into a believer and my family. i always have pondered what i saw t! hat nigh t and even bring it up to my parents occasionally so they can reassure me what we all saw that night. let me know if you have seen any other sightings near this area or that fit that description.sorry for such a long letter just needed to tell the whole story,thank you very much.;42.8621;-84.9161
