Two white cylinder shaped objects with black bands in middle fly over Bude, Ms.;2013-08-15 19:00:00;5 minutes;Two white cylinder shaped objects with black bands in middle fly over Bude, Ms. I was on my porch a few minutes ago looking at the moon and saw a bright white cylinder shaped craft with a black band fly over the direction of the moon which is south right now. It seemed to be flying as if pulled on a string.  As I was thinking about getting my camera another identical object passed over as though it was on the same line as the first.  Both objects seemed to appear suddenly, had no contrail, no wings, no sound and were headed East. In fact I've seen several jet contrails today and these two objects had none.  This is the third time I've seen these type of objects in our area. Last year in Meadville, Ms, and several yrs ago in a rural area in a National Forest area.;31.4599;-90.8433
White rotating cylinder shaped object flies over house.;2013-10-05 15:40:00;5 minutes;White rotating cylinder shaped object flies over house I hesitated to report this as I just sent in a report last night and don't want to be seen as a nut case but as an avid sky-watcher I felt that I needed to report what I saw as this is the only way data can be compared.   The sky is partly cloudy with a lot of brilliant blue in between.  I stepped out to get a smoke, and coming out of the west was a white cylinder shaped object rotating or spinning as it passed headed due east.  As in other sightings like these, the object seemed to be in two sections, the forward section being smaller than the back one.   The object had a narrow black band in the middle and wasn't that high up. Maybe 6 or 7 hundred feet.  There was no sound and no contrail.  The object clearly had no wings or tail as it was easily seen.  The object also moved in a way that planes just don't.  It was very smooth flying and seemed to be on an invisible line being pulled along.   I've talked with three people that have seen the same objects and have encouraged them to make reports.  These cylinder shaped objects are becoming more prevalent and I'm wondering if they could be some sort of drone.;31.4599;-90.8433
