Strange colorful flashes of light appearing during an ice storm;2007-01-14 05:00:00;1 hour;Strange colorful flashes of light appearing during an ice storm On Jan. 14 around 5:00am I was awaken by a flash of light outside our bedroom door.  Me and my wife were asleep but the flash was bright enough that I saw it through my eyelids.  There was also the sound of a very distant crash or explosion.   I immediatly jumped out of bed thinking a plane or possibly a meteorite just crashed in the distance.  At this point my wife also woke up an asked what's wrong.  I told her what I thought happened and proceeded to peek through the blinds.   All the sudden with another flash the entire back yard lights up in bright red color.  My wife jumps out of bed and rushs to the window yelling what is that!  I told her I have no idea and both of us proceed to look out the window.   Then about 1 to 2 min. later another flash of light only this time its green and it appears to be coming from the roof.  Now were both freaking out, I throw some pj's on grab my spot light and gun and head for the front door.  I pause in the kitchen, looking out the front window thinking maybe a transformer blew up but saw nothing to prove that.   Suddenly there's another green flash and immediatly after it the power in the house fades out with a buzzing sound and then returns.  My wife screams it's coming from the roof.  So I proceed cautiously to the front yard and shine my light up on the roof but see nothing then I walk around to the back yard and do the same, nothing on the roof.   Way off to the east I observe a couple flashes of white light almost like lightening except with out a noticable bolt.  Then I run back inside and back into the bedroom, we open both blinds and wait.   Then about 10 min. later to the southwest we observe another green flash then about 5 min. after that to the south another green flash and finally about 10 min. after that again to the south we notice another light which starts faint and white in color and then builds brighter changing to red.  This one lasts about 1 to 2 min. and then fades out.  All the other flashes lasted only about 2 seconds.   After waiting awhile and not seeing anything else we decide to lay back down.  I did notice a couple more flashes but couldn't tell where they were coming from.  We had an ice storm that night and everything was covered in ice.  I'm not sure if this was caused by some sort of electrical phenomenom or not.  Maybe someone has the answer, maybe not. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));38.3342;-90.9742000000001
