MISSOURI INVESTIGATOR GROUP REPORT:  Driving E on I-44 approx. near mile MM 243 when I saw a very bright star light obj. in the sky.;2011-10-22 06:15:00;5 minutes;Report taken by the Missouri Investigators Group: http://ufomig.yolasite.com   I was driving eastbound on I-44 approximately near mile marker 243 when I saw a very bright star light object in the sky.  I thought it was a star at first, and then I noticed it pulsating, and growing dim at some points then regaining brightness back.  As I grew closer too it driving I realized it was a craft of sometime I kept seeing it for a couple of miles then I drove under it as it was flying above the Interstate.  I looked up at it and saw an addition three landing lights on the bottom.  I would say it was flying under cloud cover and it was very clear morning.  I wanted to stop to take pictures of it, but  if I stop I would be running late for a meeting/audition in St. Louis. Additional info from interview: It was to my right.  Or the left side of the interstate.  I don’t think it was a large commercial airplane because St. Clair is about 30 miles or more from St. Louis, and I would think it would be higher up, plus the lights on the bottom don’t blink  When I drove under it seemed to be hovering, but I don’t if that is because I was driving under it and we were going in opposite directions. I wasn’t completely sure what I was looking at, and it was still pretty high up that it wouldn’t have turned out.  I also didn’t have my camera with me as they were forbidden at the Auditions.   It wasn’t lite up all bright when I went under it, it was dark with three lights on the bottom, one being red.  Rick Childers cityadmin@stclairmo.com  October 27, 2011 7:00AM To: 'BBecker' <ufomig@yahoo.com>  Good morning Ms. Becker, The St. Clair airport is a very small recreational airport with a 3200-foot runway.  We have no way at all to track take-offs and landings unless the pilots have filed a flight plan, and it’s my understanding that most don’t unless their flight is intended to be fairly long.  I’m not a pilot, but I’m told even the smallest jets can’t land at our airport.  Not sure if you got any indication of the size in your report, but if it was any larger than a small twin engine propeller-driven plane, it’s extremely doubtful that it came from the St. Clair airport. Rick Childers  End report;38.3342;-90.9742000000001
