Alternating red lights in the Northern Maine Woods;1992-06-30 20:00:00;30 minutes;Alternating red lights in the Northern Maine Woods Back in the spring of 1992, my wife, my younger brother, his girlfriend, and I took a ride up towards Baxter State Park on what is known locally as the State Road in my 1990 Ford XLT 4X4 pick-up truck.  The sun was slowly setting in the sky and it was a beautiful, but somewhat chilly, early summers evening.  We drove past the entrance to baxter state park and continued north on the state road which, at the time, had been closed to vehicular traffic as it was being utilized as a logging tote road due to the logging operations in the area.  Having lived out of state for a few years, and home for the fourth of July holiday, I commented to my brother, my surprise that they were havesting timber so close to the park.  About that time my soon to be sister-in-law exclaimed Did you see that? Did you see that flash of light?   My brother replied that he did but my wife and I stated that we didn't see it but intrigued, I stopped the truck and we all looked off towards the right side of the road where they said that it had come from.  As we were sitting there talking about what they had seen, the bright flash occurred again and instantaneously the truck died. No lights, no radio, nothing! The ignition key was still turned on but the truck was entirely dead. This time, all of us saw the flash of light.  Spooked, I opened the drivers side door and got half-way out of the vehicle, scanned the area and got back in, leaving the drivers side door open.  I turned the key to start the engine, tried the horn, and the headlights, all to no avail for a period of about 2 minutes.   As we sat there talking about what had occured, with my wife sarcastically accusing me of Using the dead battery trick, the trucks' dome light and headlights slowly and eerily came back on as if someone was turning a rheostat from dim to bright. The radio came back on with static with its clock reset and counting down from 00:00.  Needless to say, we were all a bit spooked by this, but at this time the rational part of me was thinking out loud that the truck had some sort of electrical problem. I quickly turned the ignition key and started the truck. My brother agreeing with my thoughts, stated that maybe we should turn around and head back towards town (25 miles away) before the truck dies again. I agreed and proceeded to perform a quick three-point turn in the middle of the narrow tote road.  No sooner had we turned around and started to slowly drive back towards town, my brother, in his usual humorous manner, started to carry on that maybe the truck died because of an unseen UFO or aliens.  We all started laughing and joking about his comments, but as I turned my head to say something to my brother, I was stunned by what I saw and mid-sentence I said What ((obscenity deleted)) is that!?   Off to the right-side of the vehicle, approximately 50 feet into the woods and approx 10-15 off the ground, were three alternating red lights in a triangle pattern, that were ever so slowly, gliding silently through the trees.  I stopped the truck and everyone stared out the passenger side window as these lights slowly moved through the forest, parallel to the road.  My brother exclaimed go! go! follow them, so I put the truck in gear and started to drive down the road at approx. 10 mph in order to keep them within view on our right hand side.  We both had our windows down yet the lights made no sound what so ever. Nor did they seem to be impeded by any of the trees, they just floated and blinked silently through the forest as we kept pace with them.   About a half mile down the road they started to pick-up speed and I adjusted the vehicles speed to keep up.  Further on down the road, they increased speed again, staying within the forest at the same elevation as before, but now  visible out the front windshield of the vehicle.  Again my brother prodded me to speed up.  By this time I had accelerated the truck to 50 MPH on the rutted old tote road yet the lights were leaving us behind. As we crested a hill we could see the lights approx 100 yard directly in front of us in the middle of the road.  I floored the accelerator hoping to gain on them but in the blink of an eye the lights took off..gone!   As we approached the section of road where the lights dissapeared I stopped the truck and we all scanned the forest, sky and behind us for any sign of them.  Nothing. Just eerie blackness pierced by my vehicles headlights.  I put the truck in gear again and continued down the state road towards town.  As we neared Millinocket Lake we decided to pull into the Golden Road gatekeeper's office to see if anyone else coming out of the Northwoods had reported seeign anything strange.  (Note: The golden road runs parallel to the state road for several miles between millinocket lake and abol. Where we witnessed the UFO lights the distance between the golden road and the state road is approx 1/4 mile with a high tension power line (from McKay Station Hydro) running parallel between the two roads.)   After we reported what we had witnessed to the gate tender, we returned to the state road heading towards town (millinocket).  As we rounded a sharp turn in the road, just before the millinocket lake store, I slowed down and pointed up to the power line in front of us to make light of our experience,and I jokingly told my brother that the UFO must have just refueled because the wire was glowing red. (note: this section of line has device on one phase that intentionally glows whenever the line is energized)   My brother started in with his wisecrack comments and then......the truck died!  Same as before, no lights, no nothing!   Totally spooked, and with the hair standing up on the back of my neck, I jumped out of the truck and started looking around in all directions for the lights that we had seen previously. Nothing. Nothing but total blackness.  I jumped back in to the truck, and this time the girls were rather upset, again my wife accused me of pretending that the truck died (why I'll never know?) so to prove it to her I turned the key repeatedly and pushed and pulled the headlights several times all to no avail.   And then..just like the previous time...the headlights and the vehicles dome light slowly and eerily came back on as if someone was turning a rheostat.  Needless to say I wasted no time in starting the truck and headed towards millinocket.  That was the end of of our freaky experience in the Northern Maine Woods...or so we thought.  Upon arriving back in town, we headed over to my brothers house to watch a movie that we had rented earlier in the evening.  Still excited by the nights events and good naturedly discussing and jibing one another over what had transpired, the girls and I turned on the TV and sat down on the couch while my brother popped some pop corn.   As we were sitting there watching TV and talking...the TV mysteriously turned off...all by itself, with the remote control to the TV sitting on the coffee table in front of us.  Weird Huh?   With that my brother went into another hysterical episode of how they had followed us and were hovering over our house....but then ...you had to have been there.  The next day I took my truck up to the Ford garage where a friend had worked.  My brother and I told him about our experience and they willingly looked the truck over.  The only thing that they found was the positive post of the battery had a dark discoloration as if it had been overheated.  They cleaned the terminals and the truck never died on me again for as long as I owned it.    Maybe it was a coincidence that the truck died, and we saw and followed the flashing lights or, maybe the lights that we did see, did in fact affect the trucks electrical system.  Either way it was not a natural experience seeing those lights, alternating and floating through the forest and out-running my truck.  I must add, this was the second time that my younger brother had seen a UFO (1980's which I didn't find out until after our mutual incident) and since then, I have witnessed another UFO, years later in 2003 while camping at millinocket lake with my older brother.   But those are for another day. Respectfully submitted  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));45.6574;-68.7102
