In the sky a little to my right(1 or 2 :O'clock position) was an object.  Oval and glowing. It was huge.;1998-02-10 21:00:00;15-20 min;In the sky a little to my right(1 or 2 :O'clock position) was an object.  Oval and glowing. It was huge. During what I remember as the second week of February, 1998. Myself and three other people (2 girls, 2 guys)went to Villa Roma Ski Resort, Callicoon, NY in the Catskill Mountains on vacation.  The third night we were there, we all got into a big arguement.  One of the women we were with stormed out of the Condo and disappeared. We were getting worried because she was gone for a while, so I left to go look for her. The area was very dark. The areas surrounding the resort were wooded. I wandered around calling for her for about 15-20min. I actually started getting nervous because it was so dark out there that I headed back to the condo. Before I got to the door I looked up to my left because I thought I saw something go by. My first thought was it was a helicopter. But I never heard it go by. I only saw it. I walked to the left of the condo, then along the left side. What I saw next has haunted me ever since. In the sky a little to my right(1 or 2 O'clock position) was an object. This object was huge. Maybe two times the size of a passenger plane, oval and glowing. Not lit up like a lightbulb. Kind of like glow sticks but hazy. And it didn't make a sound. I began to make all kinds of excuses for what it could be.  It was moving in what I think was a northerly direction. In the most unbelievable way! It looked like when you throw a Frisbee. It almost bounces on air. Like it's hitting air pockets or something.  I know that's probably not helping you, but I don't know how else to explain it. It looked very unstable in the sky. Like it was vibrating.  I was just standing there.  I wanted to run but I didn't. I don't know why! So,I just stood there with my mouth open.   It was moving north very slowly. Then it just swung around backwards(south), and stopped! Like it saw me! At this point I believe I may have been in shock or something because I was frozen with fear! It was just sitting in the sky, still.Then out of nowhere it took off. Flying straight in a what I think was south-westerly direction. Straight, then up, then gone! Just like that. The speed it was moving across the sky was incredible. The whole time I was telling myself I wasn't real. But I know it was! I still have the same feeling in my chest everytime I think of it! This incident took about 15-20 minutes from the time I saw it, to the time it disappeared.  I immediately ran in the house and told everyone what I saw. Although they were very inquistive, I felt like none of them believed my story. So I stopped talking about it. I didn't want anyone to think I was crazy! Since then I've only told two people and you are one of them. Since that night, there's not one night that has gone by that I haven't stared into space, for atleast a few minutes. This has changed my outlook on man and God quite a bit now. I'm just looking for answers now.  I am of very sound mind. For the rest of my life I will swear to what I saw on my children. I would agree to, or volunteer for hypnosis and or a lie detector test. By anyone! I know what I saw and I will never change my mind. All I do now is try to search for answers. So if there is anyone out there who can help me please contact me.  What are they doing and why are they here. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.765;-75.0601
