Awakened by white light door opens memory goes blank woke/sat up 2 aliens by door paralyzed me blacked out;2002-09-13 02:00:00;10 minutes-3 hours;Awakened by white light door opens memory goes blank woke/sat up 2 aliens by door paralyzed me blacked out An intensely bright white light, like a lightning flash type of light except continuous, shined in through my window and woke me up.  The light then began to shine in through my door from our hallway inside, so I knew something had opened our house's front door because that was the only reason the light would be filling the inside of our house too.  My door then began to open, and my memory of what happened next isn't there.  I have no memory of what happened after my door opened or what opened it. The next thing I remember is waking up in the most intense, raw terror I have ever experienced.  I was in a very deep sleep, and suddenly woke up out of it instantly sort of like waking up from a nightmare, only more intense and I had not been dreaming.  I sat up immediately when awakening in fear, and had sleep in my eyes that I began to rub out of my eyes as I noticed two figures standing by my door. This all happened within a second or so as I was awakening. I saw immediately the two figures were inhumanly tall, a bit taller than my door frame actually, so that they would have to duck to go through it.  They were about three to six inches taller than my door frame, which is average height. I couldn't see clearly immediately as I was awakening/ sitting up which is why I was rubbing the sleep out of my eyes, and to my absolute horror I realized standing by my door face to face were two beings people call aliens or greys.  I couldn't believe it because I was a fundamentalist Christian and did not believe aliens or greys were real. The two greys seemed to have been standing in my room to make sure I didn't wake up and interrupt something else other greys were doing somewhere else in the house or outside.  They seemed to have been standing at my door face to face as if they were having a conversation like people, but I observed no noise nor did their necks seem nearly thick enough to contain vocal organs of any kind.  I did notice one make a gesture with its hand towards the other, which seemed to be somewhat like gestures people make to each other while talking, but I am not sure if that's what it was or not. I do think the two greys were communicating when I woke up, but I think they were communicating without using vocal organs to make noise like we do. I think it was some other form of communication, perhaps done through technological implants, eye lenses, or something like that.  I would find it hard to believe they have any kind of psychic telepathic communication abilities though like some people might start to think about when hearing the idea of non-verbal communication. Their appearance shocked me because I would have expected greys to be grey-green or green, but they were grey-blue.  They actually had a very bluish appearance to them. They had some sort of glow around them which was also blue.  The only way I know to describe it is a light fog that looked like curving light.  They didn't seem to have any clothes on but it might have just been hard to tell since there was some somewhat translucent light around them, and they could have been wearing something that kind of blended in with their bodies and skin. I tend to think they probably did have something on since I noticed no sexual organs or holes in general, aside from nostrils and mouths.  I saw no ears or holes similar to ears. They were hairless, or extremely close to being hairless, earless, and had very small, insignificant mouths with no lips or extremely small lips. They didn't really have noses, just kind of a very small nose-like nostril structure on their face kind of like how greys are usually depicted. Their eyes were gigantic, and the usual almond shape. I would say their eyes were a bit bigger than dinner plates. They were solid black, although I suspect the solid black might have been some kind of advanced lens they wear over their eyes. They had no eyelids, eyebrows, or bony indentation ridge like we have over our eyes. The eyes were rounded towards the top right corner of their heads, with the points of their eyes coming together near their nostrils. Their chins were pointed. Their heads were about two to three times larger than our heads, but the overwhelming majority of their heads is taken up by their huge eyes I would guess because that's at least how they look externally. Their ! eyes are so big that I don't think their brains could be much bigger than our brains actually. They were disturbingly thin. They were so thin in fact that I wondered how their tiny necks, probably about the size of a human wrist or forearm, could hold up their huge heads. I think balancing their heads probably helps their small necks to deal with the weight. Their arms and legs were also extremely thin, much thinner than human arms and legs. Despite them being two to three feet taller than humans, I would think it's possible they probably weigh around the same as the average human because they're so much thinner than us. Their torsos were not very big either, nor very muscular. They seemed to have extremely little muscle compared to humans. Or very little organs in general. They seemed to have a rib cage structure and backbone structure, along with hips, a pelvis, knees, etc.., similar to us. It seems like it could be somewhat different, but not dramatically different. They move in similar ways to us, like elbows and knees bend the same ways for example. The bone structure in their neck is definitely in the back just like ours. They have a skull in their head just like us. They have shoulders and a clavicle like us. They might have 6 fingers and 6 toes, but I'm not really sure. Their fingers were longer in proportion to their bodies than ours, so it kind of made them hard to distinguish from each other, making seeing the number of them more difficult. I'm not sure if I saw 6 fingers or just 5 long very thin fingers. Their skin seemed different than ours. It's hard to describe exactly though. It seemed greyish-bluish in color, and perhaps to excrete more than our skin, but at the same time more rubbery than our skin. Their mannerisms were just like machines or robots, which was one of the most terrifying and disturbing aspects about them and the experience. I would expect about as much mercy, feeling, caring, or compassion from them as I would from a machine none. However, they also have an extreme intelligence that made me feel like a bug around a human, which makes me think that while they may not have emotion like we do, they're probably likely to be smart enough to make the right decisions. They actually turned and walked single file one behind the other just to walk over to me when I woke and sat up in my bed. As soon as I sat up in my bed they somehow instantly paralyzed me, which was insanely and indescribably terrifying. It was like they were jamming my nervous system remotely  by will somehow, which is why I think they have technological implants inside their nervous system or brain, or something like that. I tried with all my might to scream for help, but my voice was paralyzed too. It felt like my throat was so dry that I couldn't make any noise. I also tried as hard as I could to move my legs and arms, but the best I could do was get some of my fingertips to barely drag across my bed sheets... a feeling I will never forget. Since I couldn't move or scream, when the one in front got close enough to me to reach towards me, I blacked out. I don't know if it made me black out or if I passed out from terror. That was all I remembered from the experience, just the beginning with my door opening, and waking up after they had placed me back in my bed, which was an accident, showing they aren't perfect any more than humans are. I also have a strong feeling that they messed up something and hurt me during the time I can't remember, which caused me to have the intense terror that woke me back up. They also messed up by not erasing my memory of waking up before they left which makes me think they had taken me somewhere else, and could only do that where ever they had taken me. But they probably should have done that again to erase my memory of seeing them, yet they didn't showing they do make mistakes and screw up. I was only 13 years old when this happened, and I was so traumatized from the experience that I had to sleep with a glass of water by my bed and my light on for at least several months afterwards.  The trauma and terror of the experience is truly indescribable because nothing else in this world can produce the same kind of trauma and terror. It isn't just like you're seeing a strange looking person or animal, it's like you're in the presence of something far more powerful than yourself.  Even though the two greys didn't really do much of anything during what I can actually remember, I could sense their extreme power and intelligence for some reason. I'm unsure if they're hostile or friendly or neutral, but I tend to think they're probably neutral towards people, and probably just need something from us that we don't understand right now. They probably have no interest in disclosing their presence to us, and even if they did they're beyond our level right now so we wouldn't really be able to fully grasp them yet anyway. There wouldn't be much accomplished by them disclosing themselves to us except maybe some people would begin idolizing, obsessing over, worshiping, or studying them. And none of that would actually accomplish much because an ant might see a human, but it can never hope to understand a human really, at least with the way ants currently are.;34.0555;-78.9183999999999
