To whom it may concern,;1978-08-17 23:00:00;10-15min.;To Whom It May Concern: 7/11/10  As many people do I did not talk about what I saw for fear of being classed as nuts. After so much information became public I started to mention it. In the fall of 1978 I was working at the China Lake Naval Weapons Center and living on the military base.  As a friend and I were entering the rear gate, I looked over at him and something caught my eye.  I told him and he looked over and saw it too.   We pulled off the road onto the dirt shoulder and saw a car behind us also pull over.  We sat there for maybe 10 min. and watched this saucer type UFO (rounded dome on both top and bottom and the saucer type middle) hanging over the middle of town.  An illuminated cloud surrounded it.   After a while, it all of a sudden swooshed back really fast heading south west it just flew faster than anything we had in 1978 or now.  The illuminated cloud hung there for quite a few minutes the cloud dissipated and was gone.  The Gentleman I was with and I talked about what we saw.  We both saw the exact same thing.  I’m assuming the car behind us saw the same thing since we both did.   Being a small town I expected something would be published in our local newspaper but it never was.  After so long of not finding it in the newspaper I decided to put aside and not mention it.  Our town at that time had maybe 12000, 13000 people and some one other than us must have seen it. In 1996 while still living in Ridgecrest I was headed west on hwy.178 and then south on hwy.14 to pick up 178 again after a few miles.  While I was climbing up the hill a light caught my eye.  It was speeding fast and was a completely round bright light.  I watched as it went behind the peaks and then into the clear and then back behind the next peak.   OK, I feel really stupid seeing two UFO’s in my lifetime but I did. I still remember the name of the man I was with and know where he went back to his hometown.  He was a very nice honest person and so am I.  I would even be willing to take a lie detector test.   I visited Roswell NM in April and after seeing all of the information there I decided to inform someone.  I'm 65 yrs, old and not in great health.  I would like to find out what professionals like you think of it, especially since we were on a military town.  The object was not over the base.   Thank You, ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM SOURCE OF REPORT)) Ok I corrected the date for you on my form I even looked up what that saturday date was  ((END ADDENDUM));35.6208;-117.6732
Saucer shaped UFO, lights, no sound, 20 minute observation;1986-10-15 19:20:00;20 minutes;Saucer shaped UFO, lights, no sound, 20 minute observation Around 7:20 p.m. I left a friend's house in the 700 block of Commercial Street to head home after having dinner and chatting. I was carrying my toddler daughter (15 months old) out to my car when I noticed what I thought was a small airplane preparing to land at a nearby airfield. I put my daughter in her car seat and started my 1963 Dodge Dart and the non-factory installed car radio came on. When the radio started, I heard three electronic beeping sounds (like a microwave oven beep) and the KRTH-FM music was heard. I drove home, heading south, and parked the car at the curb. As I was getting out of the car, I looked up and saw an object over the house. I shut the car door, and stood in front of the car door, then leaned against it. I saw a dark, non-reflective saucer shaped object, over the roof peak. The object and a red, green and white light along the bottom. The lights did not strobe or twinkle. They were solid in color. Trained as a reporter, I made a mental checklist and started making observations of what the craft looked like and what it did. I noticed the dark metallic color, the lights and the lack of sound. Then I thought I myself, if you are a UFO do something to prove it. At this point, the UFO shot straight up in the air and hovered over the house. It did this three times moving up and down over the house. Also, the mostly full or full moon was to the left of the craft (south of it) and should have backlit the UFO. It did not. The only sound I could hear was faint fanlike sound. I had to strain my ears to hear that. By this time, I started looking for a neighbor's house to go stay at, but no one was home. I live in housing tract and usually someone is home. I finally got scared, after the third time the craft shot up in the air, and grabbed my daughter to make a run for the house. At the front door I fumbled with my keys but finally managed to get inside the house. I then ran and turned on the television for comfort and heard the final minutes of the Jeopardy game show which would have bee! n around 7:50 p.m. I used this to estimate the time of the UFO sighting. Once inside the house I did go to the back sliding glass door but was afraid to look outside.  I was able to give three points of where I saw the UFO and the distance was estimated between 85 to 100 feet. I'm nearsighted so for me to make out the craft, etc. meant that it was close.  The weather was cool, clear with no wind.  The following information was reported to MUFON and they have most of my UFO sightings in the 1980s.  After the incident I suffered from chronic neck and back pain. I still suffer from the pain, although it has abated with time. I did see a doctor about the neck pain approximately one week after the incident.  Before this experience, I was a skeptic of UFOs, but always said I would believe in them, if I ever saw one. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  Given that the witness occupies a position of responsibility in the news publishing business, the reported date of the incident may be exact.  PD));35.6208;-117.6732
It looked to be a very large craft.;2010-12-02 17:45:00;5 min;My roommate and I saw what looked to be a disk shaped object cruising the night sky. It looked to be a very large craft. It seemed to be at an altitude that most helicopters maintain.  There was no distinct sound where as if it were any other aircraft of human-kind, we would have heard it.  There were approximately ten red blinking lights along the crafts outermost circumference.  The object came from the southeast heading northwest.  It made a sort of swerving motion as it traveled across the sky. It would look as if it would wobble when it would make a slight change in direction.  Once it got further toward the northwest sky, it sort of disappeared in the overcast clouds that were rolling in from the west.;35.6208;-117.6732
