Orange, transluscet, plasma-like sphere traveled overhead from west to east, observed 10 sec.;2000-07-16 21:58:00;10 seconds;Orange, transluscet, plasma-like sphere traveled overhead from west to east, observed 10 sec. At first the witness, who does not want to be identified, said Mary do you see that? I looked towards the south and observed a plasma-like orange ball move west to east across the horizon and straight overhead. According to the unidentfied witness, the size of the object was a pea if held at arms length. The plasma-like sphere was orange, translucent, and you could see some ragged dark (black) area towards the middle. The outer edges were orange. The weather was clear with some wind. We did have a full moon, or close to full moon, so the night sky was well lit by moonlight. The moon was to the east of us at the time of the sighting. My name is ((name deleted)), am employed as a ((profession deleted))r, and have lived in this area for almost 30 years. I do know what satellites look like since we spend summer evenings trying to pick them out as they fly by the area. We live in the high desert and most nights are clear. The unidentified witness is approximately same age as I am and has a scientific background and training. This was significant experience for the unidentifed witness.;35.6208;-117.6732
White satellite or starlike object that did an S turn and a loop before disappearing;2004-08-09 21:05:00;5 seconds;White satellite or starlike object that did an S turn and a loop before disappearing At first I thought I saw a satellite moving in a southeasterly direction until the object made a S turn and a loop before disappearing into the horizon.  The object was white in color, flying extremely high, moving fast.;35.6208;-117.6732
Bright orangish ball of light in northern desert....;2004-11-06 22:00:00;15 minutes;Bright orangish ball of light in northern desert.... My daughters were coming out of a store and noticed an extremely bright orangish light above them. They described it as helicopter heighth and there was no sound.  They rushed home and told me to come outside and I also saw an extremely bright orangish ball of light in the sky looking west. It was much larger than any star, plane, jet, helicopter we have seen here. It did not move but suddenly something like a bolt of light flashed out of the bottom of it (similar to a spark) then it slowly got smaller and smaller until it disappeared.;35.6208;-117.6732
I have seen this twice, both times with witnesses, but i failed to report it the first time.  i saw the first one a few days before it;2004-11-13 01:10:00;about 2 min.;I have seen this twice, both times with witnesses, but i failed to report it the first time.  i saw the first one a few days before it was reported in the paper, and i have two witneses to that.  the second one, the one i am reporting, i saw last night with one witness.  it was a bright orange circular thing that hovered rather than flew across the sky.  it stayed bright steadily as it floated across the sky, and after about a minute and a half it started to flash.  it flashed for about 30 seconds, and as it did that, i could see that it was an object.  it then winked out and disappeared.  the previous sighting was about the same, but it went in a completely different direction than the one i saw last night.  i would not report this if i thought it were some sort of aircraft.  this was like nothing i had ever seen before.;35.6208;-117.6732
Light went from dim to very bright and then to disappearing into the nights sky.;2008-09-06 20:30:00;15 seconds;Light went from dim to very bright and then to disappearing into the nights sky. On 9-6-08, I spent the evening watching for unexplained phenomena. Sunset was at 7:11 and I was situated at Latitude: 35°32'4.77N and Longitude: 117°32'43.80W. I got my camera gear out and got it all set up so that I could be ready for anything. I sat down in my easy chair until it was time for the stars to start showing themselves to the world. One by one they appeared. If you are not fast while you are watching for the stars, they will sneak up on you. Looking at the First Quarter Moon that was to the south of my vantage point, there was a bright star/planet that showed up to the east of the moon, and just a little higher in the night sky compared to the moon. It was very bright and steady. I turned around only to find a brighter star/planet on the horizon where the sun had just set. When I turned back around, there was a second star even farther east of the star that was near the moon!  It too was bright. I started my scan around the heavens to see what was appearing and by the time I got back to the bright star/planet east of the moon, I noticed something very odd. The star/planet to the left of the one that was near the moon was now GONE. One minute it was there and the next minute it was gone. I know it was not a plane as it just sat there in one place when I first noticed it. As the evening progressed, I noticed two objects passing on by. One of them looked like it was headed towards LA and about a half hour later I saw one that was headed north away from LA. Ordinarily I would suspect that they were planes, but there were no strobes on these two objects that looked like stars passing in the night sky. Even though there was no strobe to them, I just noted them as planes. Same speed, no deviation whatsoever. It was about 8:30pm when I looked to the north and off the big dipper to the right, I noticed this light. This light started to get very bright and all of a sudden, I had surmised that this thing was coming right at me. It just kept on getting bigger and bigger. I turned around and grabbed my camcorder and stand as a complete unit, and when I turned back around, I had to say to myself, what is the use. It, by the time I turned around started to get smaller again. So I just stood there watching it as it eventually disappeared.  This object did not go up, go down, go from side to side or anything. It was as if there was a very high candle power light that was being turned up and then back off. This lasted for about 15 seconds. I have no idea what it was, but I can finally say: I have seen something in the nights sky that makes no sense to me. Twice… In one night… A disappearing planet and a light that made no sense. I just wish I had someone with me to see what I saw;35.6208;-117.6732
Creamy white ball of light moving in southeastern to eastern sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of ISS at 21:00 hrs.??  PD));2009-07-25 20:30:00;10 seconds;Creamy white ball of light moving in southeastern to eastern sky Creamy white ball which looked like the moon except it was about the size of large dime in the southeastern sky.  The ball of light appeared, moved from southeast to east, before disappearing in the eastern sky.  Duration was between 5 to 10 seconds.  No sound.  Clear skies with no wind. Also saw several meteors that evening in the southern sky but this was different. Time of sighting is approximate as we were stargazing and I was not wearing a watch. I also wear glasses as I am nearsighted.;35.6208;-117.6732
White starlike object that pulsed twice while changing directions;2010-07-05 21:30:00;30 seconds;White starlike object that pulsed twice while changing directions White starlike object traveling east before making an arcing turn to head north to northeast.  When make the turn the object flashed or pulsed two brighter white lights.  Imagine seeing the landing lights on airplane except these lights were pure bright white light.  The object headed in a northerly direction and behind several large trees never to be seen again. Time of the sighting was around 9:30 p.m. (21:30) local time. I checked Heavens Above and found nothing that may match this sighting.;35.6208;-117.6732
We saw a pair of stationary, red-orange lights when we started home, one vanished, the other created a new object shortly after.;2013-01-01 00:13:00;5 minutes;We saw a pair of stationary, red-orange lights when we started home, one vanished, the other created a new object shortly after. I was heading North, on the way home from a friend's house on New Years.  Saw a pair of stationary, small, red-orange lights in front of us, to the sky north, slightly northwest, one to the up and left of the other one.  I was watching with my friend, who was driving me home, and we entered a small bend in the road.  Our view was blocked for a few seconds by a tree, due to the curve, and when we had a clear view, the left light was gone, leaving only the one that was on the bottom-right. We went North for two minutes before turning East, and nothing else changed during this time.  I kept watch while my friend watched the road, and I saw the object flare up, like fire does if it comes into contact with a new chemical substance.  It sort of shrunk into a four pointed star shape then brightened and became much larger, white in color, before going back to orange and dropping an orange object that looked to fall to Earth.  The new object was the same size and color as the other one.  The new object disappeared a little bit above the ground, from our vision. Then the first object started fading, like a satellite that is going out of the sun's light, gradually becoming dimmer.  It disappeared for a minute, then appeared again, in the same spot.  It then kept fading in and out, almost like it was pulsing very slowly.  It disappeared just before we reached our destination.;35.6208;-117.6732
