Red oval object traveling at a high rate of speed.;2012-09-21 23:00:00;7 seconds;Red oval object traveling at a high rate of speed. I had just woke up and I opened up my bedroom window and then went to my kitchen window and opened it up to get the airflow going. As I opened up the kitchen window, I saw a red object going from the southeast to the northwest at a high rate of speed. This object was about a half a mile away and approximately 500 feet off the ground. It was maybe 20 feet in length and 5 feet in height This object was traveling from civilian air space to over military airspace and made no sound at all. However, I did hear one out of place sound as this passed by. I heard what sounded like a hawk. If this was a hawk, it was big, fast and glowing. The glow was not a solid glow. In other words there was more than one light. Maybe about five lights from front to back.;35.6208;-117.6732
Saw an oval lit object then a strobe light shortly thereafter.;2016-06-08 09:05:00;15 minutes;Saw an oval lit object then a strobe light shortly thereafter It was my second night stargazing this summer and I saw two unique objects. The first thing I saw could have been a high flying aircraft. The craft had several white lights that I could see.  What I found unusual was the lack of sound as when the object flew over going south to north I heard no sound.   When I first saw the object, I thought it was a satellite but when the object came closer towards me I could see individual creamy white lights on it.  The white lights were solid and did not strobe.  The object also seemed to be oval in shape as I could see an oval or boomerang shaped front that was silhouetted in the night sky.  I did not observe any red or green lights on the object.  At 45 degrees, I would estimate the size of the craft was about a quarter to an eighth of the size of my thumb. The second thing was a bright strobe-like light that lit up the sky.  Not sure where or what caused the strobe but it was very bright and white.  The light was seen in the south to southwest sky.   Note:  The light strobed vertically towards the ground and not across the sky.  It was very bright and I could not see a light source.;35.6208;-117.6732
