An orange triangular craft that made no sound observed in the Mojave Desert.;2004-11-16 06:00:00;3 min;An orange triangular craft that made no sound observed in the Mojave Desert. While traveling northbound toward the China Lake Naval Facility approximately one mile from the base, I observed lights coming directly toward me.  This is not unusual because there is an active airfield on base, however as the lights got closer I noticed that the aircraft looked different than the regular military aircraft.  I pulled over to the side of the road and got out of my vehicle, so I could observe the craft in more detail.  The craft was approximately 3000 to 5000 feet in altitude.  It was triangular in shape, and the entire bottom of the aircraft glowed a dull hazy orange with about 6 or 8 brighter orange lights on the exterior of the craft.  The brighter lights were not strobing as are typical with normal aircraft.  While observing the craft it seemed to slow down and hover directly overhead.  I would guess that it was about the size of a large jet fighter or perhaps a little bigger.  No sound was coming from the craft, which would not have been the case with a typical helicopter or jet aircraft.  After 20 to 30 seconds the craft again began to move southward.  At that point, I got back into my vehicle and proceeded north 300 to 400 meters when I noticed a second person pulled off to the side of the road, out of his vehicle, and observing the same craft.  I am a physicist who has worked on the naval base for 15 years and have never observed a craft like that before.;35.6208;-117.6732
Triangular shaped object that flew over witnesses three times before splitting into 90 triangles and flying eastward;2009-09-12 20:30:00;10 minutes;Triangular shaped object that flew over witnesses three times before splitting into 90 triangles and flying eastward NOTE: TIME IS APPROXIMATE. WITNESSES DID NOT HAVE WATCHES ON BUT ARRIVAL TO AREA BEHIND COLLEGE NORMALLY TAKES 10 MINUTES. PROBABLE ARRIVAL TIME WAS AROUND 8:30 TO 8:45 P.M. AND A WITNESS MADE THE CELL PHONE CALL AROUND 9:11 P.M. BEFORE THE FINAL AND THIRD PASS WAS MADE BY OBJECT. GUESTIMATE OF OBESERVATON TIME IS PROBABLY CLOSER TO 30 MINUTES RATHER THAN 10 MINUTES REPORTED BY WITNESSES. THIS IS AN INTERVIEWER'S ESTIMATION BASED ON WITNESS REPORTS.  Witness 1  Time:  8:30 p.m. approximate Duration:  Approximately 10 minutes. Time based from when they left the city and headed to the college. Witness is a college student and knows about how much time it takes to arrive to the local college. Date:  Sept. 12, 2009 Location:  South of xxxx, near the El Paso Mountains, behind community college Weather:  Clear sky, no wind Witness:  Wears glasses is farsighted Size:  The size of the craft was a pin head. When  the object moved closer to the witnesses it was about the size of a the whole pencil head (not just the pencil lead)  found on a mechanical pencil. The object was observed straight up from the witnesses during part of the sighting and later near the horizon when it moved from south to southeast across the horizon.  Observation:  Craft:  Triangle with sloping/rounded edges and underneath the UFO was a small triangle. Lights:  During the first pass the witness reported seeing strobing lights. The second pass the lights did not strobe but remained solid. The object had two side white lights and one front light which was larger than the side lights. The lights were on the bottom of the craft.  Craft color:  Bronze/Gold colored metal with bottom lights. Structure of craft was triangular with a triangle on the bottom. Windows: None Aliens/Humanoids sighted: None Sound:  Heard whistle type hum (craft sounded like a combination of whistle type hum)  in the air after the craft disappeared. The sound was heard when the craft appeared for a third time as it was heading southeast while leaving the area.  Experience details:  Just got out of the car and parked in a dirt area behind the college. Three witnesses noticed a flashing object in the southern horizon.  All the witnesses saw the object at the same time. Most thought it was an airplane. Witness 1 thought it was a UFO on the first pass. The object was straight up in the air then moved lower before it disappeared. The object just disappeared before the witnesses including witness 1. The object moved in a straight path in a northerly direction. The object then vanished in the southeastern sky. The witnesses started stargazing and discussed the various constellations observed in the night sky. Witness 1 saw the craft reappear in the eastern sky, about 45 degrees or close to the horizon,  while stargazing and two two of the witnesses saw what it looked like. The third witness was on his cell phone and missed this. The craft was then golden metallic and triangular in shape. Kept moving normally, moving in a straight line, then disappeared again ! during pass two. The craft disappeared in the center of the sky during its second pass by the witnesses. Shortly after this they observed something twinkle over the El Paso Mountains. Then the object disappeared again. Shortly after this the witness heard a high pitched whistling type hum after the craft left the area in a south to southeast direction. The craft was seen flying over the local mountains when leaving the area.  Witness 1 reports a strong need to get out of there. Felt scared by the sighting. All the witnesses got in their car and left the area around 9:15 p.m. local time, because of Witness 1's strong desire to leave.  Witness 2  Time:  8:30 p.m. approximate Duration:  Approximately 30 minutes. Date:  Sept. 12, 2009 Location:  South of xxxx, near the El Paso Mountains, behind community college Weather:  Clear sky, no wind Witness:  Does not wear glasses Size:  About the size of a small airplane (prop job) before breaking into three vertical pieces.  Observation:  Craft:  Triangular. Flashing lights in a pattern. All white lights. The pattern observed was:  Center light was off while the side lights were on. Right side back light on. The center light was off. Left side back light on. The center light was off. Cycled through in a regular pattern while crossing the sky. The craft flew close to the horizon during most of the sighting(s).  Lights:  Cycling lights were seen through the whole observation. Craft color:  Craft structure looked metallic but color was not discernible. The craft was dark in color (couldn't describe color) with white lights that  were solid. The actual lights did not strobe but they exhibited a pattern of cycling light formations. The craft color did become orangish with white lights when it broke into three vertical 90 degree triangles. Windows: None Aliens/Humanoids sighted: None Sound:  Mixed howl or a like wind blowing through a mine and the sound kept moving with the craft.  Experience details:  Arrived at the trail head of the college, past the BLM sign giving the trail name, and parked in a dirt area. College was directly to the north of the witnesses.  Got out of the car and Witness 2 looked to the east and saw three lights. The two lights disappeared which caught the witnesse's interest. The lights were observed on the horizon. The lights stuck close to the horizon throughout the flight. Two of the witnesses were talking while Witness 2 observed the object fly east when the object was seen again. The craft turned south and moved in a southeasterly direction skirting the horizon. It was low to the mountain tops.  When the object was directly south of the three witnesses, Witness 2 saw the object lights jump back before continuing in a southeasterly direction towards Trona.  The object flew east before disappearing behind an easterly mountain range. Before disappearing over the eastern mountain range the object broke vertically into three triangular shaped objects which flew separately in formation. When the object broke apart the witness reported the craft became the color orange of a street light while the lights became white.;35.6208;-117.6732
