orange light drops what looks like asteroids;2005-02-26 01:00:00;30 minutes;orange light drops what looks like asteroids orange light (looked like a campfire in the sky) in the skymoving at a hight rate of speed then it stopped. appeared to move up then it stopped again. then it slowly moved again and started dropping what looked like asteroids. it dropped about 10 in total. everytime it dropped one the light from the craft went dim then regenerated to bright. my wife and I watched until we couldnt see it anymore.;35.6208;-117.6732
From Dim To Bright To Dim;2008-09-06 20:30:00;15 seconds;From Dim To Bright To Dim On 9-6-08 I spent the evening watching for unexplained phenomena. Sunset was at 7:11 and I was situated at Latitude: 35°32'4.77N and Longitude: 117°32'43.80W I got the sunset time from the internet. I got my camera gear out and got it all set up so that I could be ready for anything. I sat down in my easy chair until it was time for the stars to start showing themselves to the world. One by one they appeared. If you are not fast while you are watching for the stars, they will sneak up on you. Looking at the First Quarter Moon that was to the south of my vantage point, there was a bright star/planet that showed up to the east of the moon and just a little higher in the night sky compared to the moon. It was very bright and steady. I turned around only to find a brighter star/planet on the horizon where the sun had just set. When I turned back around, there was a second star even farther east of the star that was near the moon! It too was bright. “sorry, I only know that a planet does not twinkle and stars do” I don’t know the names. Anyhow, I started my scan around the heavens to see what was appearing and by the time I got back to the bright star/planet east of the moon, I noticed something very odd. The star/planet to the left of the one that was near the moon was now GONE. One minute it was there and the next minute it was gone. I know it was not a plane as it just sat there in one place when I first noticed it. As the evening progressed, I noticed two objects passing on by. One of them looked like it was headed towards LA and about a half hour later I saw one that was headed north away from LA.  Ordinarily I would suspect that they were planes, but there were no strobes on these two objects that looked like stars passing in the night sky. Even though there was no strobe to them, I just noted them as planes. Same speed, no deviation whatsoever. It was about 8:30pm when I looked to the north and off of the big dipper to the right, I noticed this light. This light started to get very bright and all of a sudden, I had surmised that this thing was coming right at me. It just kept on getting bigger and bigger. I turned around and grabbed my camcorder and stand as a complete unit, and when I turned back around, I had to say to myself, what’s the use. It, by the time I turned around started to get smaller again. So I just stood there watching it as it eventually disappeared. This object did not go up, go down, go from side to side or anything. It was as if there was a very high candle power light that was being turned up and then back off slowly. This lasted for about 15 seconds. I have no idea what it was, but I can finally say: I have seen something in the nights sky that makes no sense to me. Twice… In one night… A disappearing planet and a light that made no sense. I would go back out again, but the bugs are so bad as the sun goes down that I did not have fun due to these bothersome critters. I was so busy swatting them that I lost sight of the fact that Rattlesnakes were out and about.  A video that is called Contact has begun with James Gilliland. I had never seen it before and I did not know it was James in this video when I downloaded it. I only downloaded it because of the title. The very first UFO on this video is exactly what it was that I saw on the above trip I took on Saturday. Instead of two, there was only one in my case and NOW I can finally say,,,  I HAVE SEEN A UFO  Now I am a minority. LOL ((NUFORC Note:  We have calculated the nearest city, based on the GPS co-ordinates provided above by the witness.  PD));35.6208;-117.6732
Silent huge something hovering with red lazer type lights and multicolor lights above it.;2010-07-29 21:15:00;5 min;Silent huge something hovering with red lazer type lights and multicolor lights above it. My boyfriend ran inside the house where I was sitting on the sofa, only in a towel after just showering. he had been outside unloading our suitcase from the car after a trip.  He said to me Come out here NOW!!  He had a very serious look so I followed him out in my towel and stood on the porch. He turned me around and said, What is that??!!   He pointed at the sky. As my eyes focused on the clear night sky, I could then see what he was talking about.  Something very large was hovering what looked like across the street just above the houses at less than 10,000 ft.  There was no noise and red lazer like lights were blinking quickly in a triangle pattern although not uniform but random. Above that were different color lights, blue yellow white, orage and green alternatingon and off, again, not in any uniform manner.  I asked him in shock, What is that??...   He responded he didn't know. We stood there for about two minutes watching it.  I wanted to yell at a neighbo! r who happened to be in his garage at the time but again, I was only in a towel.  Slowly it moved to the south and was quickly gone. We were both in shock.  He said he had noticed it when unloading the luggage while it was flying from the north.   He didn't believe what he was seeing and came in and got me.  I threw on some clothes as we walked around the block to look for it.  I had seen UFOs before while living in Colorado but nothing that close.  To this day, those light are imbedded in my mind.  I think the multicolor ones reminded me of a Simon game and since then, went and purchased one to mimic those lighs.  We haven't seen them again but I know they are still out there.;35.6208;-117.6732
Hovering lights without sound;2010-07-30 21:15:00;6 min;Hovering lights without sound My boyfriend was unloading the car and it was dark.  He saw some strange lights coming from the north that he recognized wasn't a typical plane.  At first, it appeared to be planes flying in a formation but there was no noise.  It appeared to him to be five sets of lights.  The front light was flashing multi colors.  Two white lights appeared to be behind those lights.  As it changed direction the lights appeared to bank together so he realized that this wasn't a bunch of planes. He came inside and quickly got me to come outside and look at what he was seeing.  At that point, the lights appeared to be hovering at a few thousand feet and there was no sound. what I can describe was a triangle pattern of red lazer type lights that moved in a erratic nonuniform pattern and above that was multi color lights of red, green, blue, white,yellow or orange that flashed the colors intermittently.  As we stood there in shock, after about 2 minutes watching this, it slowly moved ! to the south and disappeared in seconds in the darkness.;35.6208;-117.6732
Three to four whitish/yellowish lights lit up sequentially over southern sky of Ridgecrest, California seen by 4 observers;2012-01-09 18:03:00;15 seconds;Three to four whitish/yellowish lights lit up sequentially over southern sky of Ridgecrest, California seen by 4 observers I was driving home from China Lake, California to my home in Ridgecrest, California on January 9, 2012 at about 6:03 pm and I saw a big, bright whitish/yellowish light appear about 20 degrees above the horizon in the southern sky.  Then a second bright light appeared diagonal to the upper left of the first light, then a third bright light appeared diagonal to the upper left of the second one.  The first one then went away and I saw another light appear diagonal and to the left of the third light. It was difficult to discern if the lights were moving closer, but for the most part it seemed they weren’t moving much, if at all.  A couple of seconds later, in order from right to left they went away...I pulled over on Mahan Street and rolled my window down to try and hear an engine or anything but I didn't hear or see anything then. I got home and when my husband pulled up ~5 minutes later, I was pointing out to him where and what I saw and my neighbor pulled in ! his driveway and asked if I had seen the UFO too...he described it EXACTLY the way I did. Then I found out my husband, right before he got home and after my sighting, had seen one bright light about 30 degrees above the horizon around 6:08 pm (he was going downhill into a dip on the same road) and the neighbor said he had seen that one too.  I posted my sighting on facebook and my friend who lives here in Ridgecrest said her Dad told her he had seen the same thing.;35.6208;-117.6732
3 round lights and bobbing up and down while gliding slowly above Ridgcrest Ca.;2014-02-07 03:50:00;50 seconds;3 round lights and bobbing up and down while gliding slowly above Ridgcrest Ca. The craft was flying south when I first noticed something in the black empty sky out in front of me up in the sky. I don't know how high. It had 3 lights all white and round. The craft flew slowly the whole time, that's why I noticed it. No sound at all. It would just glide, stop for a few seconds, zig zagged then proceeded to bob up and down, 4 times each. The craft made a UTURN and flew north while repeating the same maneuvers. When it hit the same spot that it began at...the lights just faded away.;35.6208;-117.6732
Silent Blue Light.;2014-02-14 21:19:00;3 minutes;Silent Blue Light I was standing on the front porch and watching vehicles driving in the mountain South of the city when a solid blue light came into view from the South West and it proceeded North East and speed and altitude rapidly.   It went right over the South East corner of China Lake base on a trajectory heading over Death Valley.   It was the color blue a cop car light would have and had a haze around it.  Possibly the haze was due to light cloud cover.  There was no noise associated with the object.;35.6208;-117.6732
Bright light gradually diffused into a cloud.  There was a cloud/fog surrounding.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;2 minutes;Bright light gradually diffused into a cloud. There was a cloud/fog surrounding the light before it became diaphanous. We saw it in the western sky about 6 p.m. (1800) What I saw looked like the moon emitting light except the white light was surrounded by a cloud or fog-like material. The white light emitted a ray type light through the cloud/smoke cover. The rays of light quickly dispersed into a cloud. There was cloud cover around the object as it became a diaphanous object when it dispersed. It was really strange. ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));35.6208;-117.6732
Saw  amber/orange lighted object in western sky.  ((anonymous report));2017-03-03 19:05:00;45 seconds;Saw  amber/orange lighted object in western sky. Took the trash out and looked to the west and saw an amber/orange object in the sky. Thought it might be Mars or Mercury due to the color.  The object started to move in a west to northwest direction so I knew it wasn't a planet.  I then paid closer attention and saw a larger circle of light below and a smaller light on top.  You could see a black area (I think it could have been the night sky as that's what it looked like) between the two amber/orange lights.  The object was silent. The night was clear and there was no cloud cover. I immediately tried to find a witness and when I returned the object was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));35.6208;-117.6732
