I was looking west at the night sky looking for meteorites.  I saw what i thought was a great one come in very fast almost straight ove;2010-04-25 17:50:00;5 Min;I was looking west at the night sky looking for meteorites.  I saw what i thought was a great one come in very fast almost straight overhead.  But just as it burned out a bright red light came on.  The the red light morphed into a white lithe and for a very short time blue. then red pulse with a very short white. the light continually change its color spectrum from red to whit with only one source.  I never heard any sound at all. the light moved away from me gradually picking up speed to approx that of a jet airplane. It moved away from me in a northwester direction.  It started its move away from a point in the sky about 40 degrees above the horizon maybe less.  As it moved northwest it got closer to the horizon taking about 5 min before I could no longer see the red light.  It seemed to turn somewhat north as it moved away but slowly. I think it must have  been the new mini space plane. did anyone else in my area make a report.      Thanks;32.5421;-96.2840999999999
My report of Sunday night April 24 9:50 pm 17:50 hrs  I was out in the open Night sky lying on my hammock with my face toward the north;2010-04-25 21:50:00;6 min;My report of Sunday night April 24 9:50 pm 17:50 hrs   I was out in the open Night sky lying on my hammock with my face toward the northwest.  There was a spotty overcast but many stars were visible. I had just finished reading Edward J Ruppelt book  On “A Report on Unidentified flying objects” and was thinking that the reason I was not seeing anything myself was because I was not spending munch time.  Looking at the night sky. That is why I was here on my hammock armed with mosquito repellent and I phone with astronomy Apes.  I had just identified the brightest star in the sky Sirius and was moving my eyes right to the north and west. Suddenly high in the sky almost directly over my head I saw a meteor streaming down. It was no small meteor it was bright and was leaving along lighted trail. I was thinking this is a good meteor one of the best I have seen. I have watched for meteors for decades And have seen some good ones some much better but this had to be in my top ten. Then just as it was terminating in a bright red fireball a red light came on and begin to flash red and white and then at times I thought there might be some green but it was a fleeting green that lasted only milliseconds.   The meteor seemed to have terminated rather oddly it was larger and seemed to have stopped for a short period before becoming a red and white flashing light. It was motionless for a brief period of time and then began to move in a northwesterly direction in the general direction of Dallas, TX about 35 air miles away.  It seemed to be moving at about the speed of a jet airplane. I watched it for about five min as it disappeared into the northwestern horizon;32.5421;-96.2840999999999
