high traffic area in Arivaca, S.E. Arizona numerous sightings of up to six objects at a time and low altitude chase;2004-01-05 21:00:00;1 hour;high traffic area in Arivaca, S.E. Arizona numerous sightings of up to six objects at a time and low altitude chase The area around Arivaca, Ariz. is well know by locals for wierd activity in the air. We commonly see objects from low to high level and witnessed one chased by two F-16 fighters. The object played with them out turning and out accelerating then slowing and letting them catch up then off he would go again. This went on for about 10 min. The fighters had to break off as they were under afterburner for most of the chase and had to be running low on fuel. Then the object shot straight up out of sight. We watched part of the show with Owl night vision glasses with magnification of 4X. The object, when watched by eye turned red-white-green repeatedly and was disc shaped.  What I am also reporting here are other sightings at higher altitude. When in the Arivaca area we have sat out at night and watched objects entering and exiting the atmosphere in  E.- W. N.-S. and S.-N. directions. Possibly going in and out of to Area 51? One night we watched six of them come in about 5 min apart on a S.-N. approach, except the last one was about 10 min later than #5. He skipped twice on the atmosphere we could see the flash and what appeared to be a short trail from the heat before he entered successfully and we watched as he followed the same route as the first five while slowly loosing altitude. We joked that he must have stopped at another party and had a bit of a problem with his drinking and driving. This is not the first time we have watched the high altitude objects that were clearly not planes or satallites. We have observed them changing directions 3 and 4 times in a period of 1-2 min. and then fly out in space until we couldn't see them any more with binoculars or have watched them come down to lower altitudes, you can tell when thay are dropping as they lose the suns reflection and are not as bright. I don't particularly want any type of chance contact. We have enough Illegal Aliens coming in from Mexico and causing problems without these. If anyone wants to take notice just get up in the mountains or out on the desert around Arivaca and keep your eyes open at night for high flying objects that emit no sound. Seldom have I gone a week without observing at least one of them-especially in the summer, of course thats when I normally sit out most of the time. Nights when the moon is down are the best but there seems to be more traffic when the moon is half or fuller making the objects more difficult to see. ((NUFORC Note:  We are grateful for the report, but it seems curious that NUFORC has received no other reports of this apparently dramatic event.  We would welcome other reports from anyone in the area who might have been witness to the event.  PD));31.5864;-111.3124
