pitch black diamond or pentagon w/ light in each corner, each light a different color. constant speed.;2016-01-29 21:00:00;~2 minutes;pitch black diamond or pentagon w/ light in each corner, each light a different color. constant speed. I was driving around 9 at night along Kimball Bridge Rd, about to turn right onto Waters Rd. My dad was in the passenger seat. Movement in the sky caught my eye and I looked up and to the left.  If the craft was somewhat close to the ground, it was maybe as big as a football field. I only got a detailed look at the front of it, so I saw it as being diamond shaped. It was pitch black which made it easier to see against the navy blue of the sky and the greyish clouds. At each corner was a big circular light, each one a different color.  One was amber, another was turquoise.  I can't recall which of those two colors was in the front corner.  I immediately called my dad's attention to it.  It was difficult for me to get a clear look at it since I was driving and my dad, there because I only had a learner's permit, kept telling me to keep my eyes on the road. I slowed my car to consistently look between the UFO and the road. I reached for my phone in the cup holder, and my dad stopped me and told me he'd get a picture.  By the time he reached for his phone, we had turned onto Waters Rd, heading in the same direction of the craft. For a couple seconds we were right under it so it was hard to see it in its entirety through the windshield, but that soon changed as it was going at a faster speed than us. My dad, not skilled with technology and without the aid of his reading glasses, fumbled to find the camera app while still trying to keep an eye on the craft and my speed, and he ultimately failed to take a picture .  It was considerably faster than us, but moved soundlessly at a steady speed. The speed limit was 35mph and my dad prevented me from going much faster. Tall trees line most of the road, so we lost sight of the craft any time we came to a larger curve. By the time we got halfway to  two thirds of the way down Waters Rd (.7 to .9 miles) we'd completely lost sight completely.  At home, my dad and I, without discussing the details of the UFO, each drew what we saw. He, having seen the back of the craft clearer than I, drew a pentagonal house-shaped craft, with lights in the two back corners, whereas I drew a diamond with one light in the singular back corner.  After 3 days, my father changed his mind and decided we'd seen helicopters flying in formation, which doesn't explain how they were connected by darkness, how they emitted no noticeable sound, and why they had enormous colorful lights, no two the same color. However, he maintains that he saw a flying saucer with his father as kid.  There were 2-3 cars following mine on Kimball Bridge which may indicate other sightings.;34.0726751515153;-84.2775270707074
