Silver object skimmed across horizon just above tree lines on State Bridge Rd;2004-09-10 18:30:00;1 minute;Silver object skimmed across horizon just above tree lines on State Bridge Rd My friend and I where on the way to regal cinemas. My friend was driving his truck. We where headed towards MEDLOCK BRIDGE RD on STATE BRIDGE RD going down the hill before the   DOUBLEGATE subdivision. This is where they have been doing road work for over 4 years. My friend and I are consumed in a conversation about girlfriends. I first notice something in the distant horizon. I dont know how it got my attention but I guess my eyes were wondering. I noticed a small oval shaped object. I would say it was silver but I have no idea. It also had a shimer of light coming off of it. The light was white/silver but again this could have been a reflection off of the sun/object. I pointed it out to my friend who then stopped talking comletely and we both looked at it in AWE. I quickly said the first thing that popped in my mind.  Dude do you see what I am seeing?. He responded with the same amazement. The object appeared to be hovering. I judged this based on the fact you can see a radio cell phone tower in the distance over the horizon as well. After no more than 5 seconds on originally spotting it the object begain to move to the left slowly. It then moved back to the right slowly. Then all of a sudden before I could react, the object then shot across the entire horizon. I very quickly yelled  oh my god, look at how fast its going. That cannot be an airplane, seriously look at how fast it is going. Now by the time I had the whole sentance out the object went from one side of the horizon to the other and dissapeared behind some trees. The windows were rolled down and there was no sound other than traffic that I could hear. Although this does not mean there was no sound to the object, I just could not hear anything. My friend and I both talked about it to everyone we knew that night. Nobody would believe us. We have kept this secret until now when I found this website. I wanted to post this only for the fact of documentation and also to do my part at uncovering the truth behind UFOs. I MUST say that this was in NO way an hallucination. WE saw what we saw. I know for a fact this could not be a normal aircraft. I cannot say this was absolutly spacecraft either. What I can say is that the craft was deffinatly unidentifiable. It moved faster than an airplane could. Once it started moving it went from one side of the horizon to the other in less than 10 seconds. the whole sighting lasted maybe 15 seconds. The span of the horizon is about a 7-10 miles in distance. The object was just above the tree lines (which also includes several upscale neighborhoods within those trees.) and couldnt have been more than 100 yards up in the air. Still to this day I can recall the fellings I had when it happend. I became very uncomfortable yet very interested at the same time. I have been affraid of UFO/Aliens for many years until I became interested in the truth. I have only seen one other unidentified object before. Nothing that made me feel the way this did. Please someone confirm they have seem SOMETHING like this before. Please I want to know I am not crazy. Thanks for taking time to listen to my report. I swear on my life this is the truth and nothing has been misconstrued or exaggerated. I now keep a camera on me at all times in hopes I will be able to capture a UFO the next time one is spotted.;34.0726751515153;-84.2775270707074
Oval silent.;2014-03-10 07:20:00;30 seconds;Oval   silent Mar 10, 2014.   7:20 AM   looking East at Venus from Alpharetta, GA, near Hwy 400 & Mansell Rd. Next to Venus was nearly imperceptible light that looked like it might be the entry of a satellite into sunlight.   Continued to watch it for maybe 30 secs, but was hard to track since it was so indistinct.   During the 1st several seconds, I perceived more of a motion than a point of light, until I saw what seemed like a shapeless small cloud in this pre-dawn sky, moving more rapidly, toward just North of due West.   When nearly overhead at its zenith, just south of straight overhead, I saw a hazy oval shape that nearly blended with the dawn sky color of maybe dark slate gray, except there were 4 blurry light sources on bottom of the shape, fore and aft, left and right.  There was no sound.    At arm’s length, this lozenge-shaped object was about the size of the 1st joint on the thumb. There were no clouds in the sky, and checking weather sites, this was confirmed.;34.0726751515153;-84.2775270707074
