Large, detailed craft sighting, brightly lit as if parked in the sky, very close, and lights/all white were pulsating.;2009-04-20 01:30:00;5 mins.;Large, detailed craft sighting, brightly lit as if parked in the sky, very close, and lights/all white were pulsating. I went out to put food out on the side of the house for a stray dog we were attempting to rescue.  The neighbors were not keen on the dog as he was a pitbull therefore I put the food out in the wee a.m. hours.  As I was coming back in the house/front door, a light caught my eye to the NW horizon over the cul de sac.  I stopped with my jaw dropped and just stood there to take it in.  I said to myself I am witnessing a close up view of a UFO so I better take this in as I knews it was most likely a once in a life time exp.  It was VERY close, very large and actually just sitting, as parked in the sky. It was actaully quite beautiful, one large craft-appeared to be 3 stories and I know this will sound weird, but it was like somoene had taken the top tier of an office building and parked it in the sky..it had windows...much like you see when you look up at a highrise office building.  It was all lite up with bright white lights-penetrating...as I said quite beauti! ful to take in.  It just sat there and did not move, the back drop was nothing but the black sky...it looked so close that I was tempted to walk towards it to the culdesac to get closer, that is when as I was standing at my front door got a bit spooked and thought I should go in.  I wanted to wake a neighbor to witness but it was the middle of the night thru the week, school-work, and I thought to go upstairs and get my camera, but the batteries are always weak and thought it will be gone when I return...so I went inside, looked out the window and it was still sitting there...then I went back to bed....stupid!!! So wish I had stayed to see it move, but as I mentioned I had taken it in , in great detail, no one to share it with and didn't want to stay outside any longer by myself.  I didn't tell any neighbors lest they think I was crazy, and really my prioirty at the time was attempting to rescue the dog (which was a succuss a few days later).  I did share the sighting with ! my immediate family and my best friend and then just filed it ! away as I have never known who to report it to that was reputable and where I could remain annonymus...so it is almost exactly a year later and on my mind I googled and found your site.  I hope this is a reputable site.  I can tell you I have watched, googled many sighting shows etc. since my siting and I have yet to run across anything that was as large and close with such a clear view of what I witnessed.  I would love to be able to share more details of my sighting to the appropriate personnel.  It was quite amazing, astonishing and etched in my momeory.  Oh, one other note...a couple of days later I drove behind our neighborhood to where I thought approx. it was sitting in the sky, 1/4 of a mile no more and it was over desolate wetlands...nothing around where it would have been in the sky....thought that was interesting.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));34.0726751515153;-84.2775270707074
