I will first state that I am a Christian man, and I attempt to live by the word of God through his words in the bible. I have another s;2007-10-15 10:30:00;8 seconds;I will first state that I am a Christian man, and I attempt to live by the word of God through his words in the bible. I have another story, if you have interest in calling me, of a strange happening which is not necessarily UFO related, but was very revealing to me. I was sleeping on the main floor of a 3 floor unit I live in. I was sleeping on the couch. The blinds in the room give off plenty of light, nearly enough to be daylight indoors. Therefore, even though they were closed, it was plenty light inside. Suddenly, while in a deep sleep, I woke up from a tap on the shoulder. I jerked quickly and looked around to see who may have done this. Note: I was still in a semi-sleep state, but more like when someone gets up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night. I turned my head while still laying down, to the right and behind me. I saw a being with a cloak or hooded outfit walking away from me. The hood was on. The color of this cloak was a strong brightish brown color. The being was walking toward my garage door about 4-6 feet away from me. It was on a bit of a side angle at one point, and I saw the side of its face. It had a brownish-scaled face. Similar to the texture of the et in the movie ET. The look of its texture and appearance of skin, not the way it looked. Recall, I only saw it from a side angle. The being then dissapeared, while walking toward the garage door. I was then wide awake by this time. It is strange because it was light inside, and all I recall is it tapping me on my shoulder and leaving. Nothing more, nothing less! ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.6586123809523;-83.3787323809524
The second instance of seeing a being while coming out of a sleep for me. I awakened for an unknown reason while sleeping in my bed on;2008-12-15 07:30:00;1 min 30 sec;The second instance of seeing a being while coming out of a sleep for me. I awakened for an unknown reason while sleeping in my bed on the upstairs floor of a 3 level unit. The blinds are the same as the lower level, and the light comes through them well. So, there was a good amount of light in my room. I was still trying to come to a full awake state. My arms and legs were disabled, but I could move my mouth and see with my eyes.  I was sleeping on my right side of my body in a half fetal position. The being was standing at the side of my bed, facing me, at about the halfway point of my mattress. It was staring at me. I stared back at it, and I was a bit frightened by the appearance of this being: especially due to it being at my bedside as I woke. I attempted to move my arms and legs, but to no avail. This angered me. I then proceeded to show my teeth in a fierce manner to this being. I guess I did this because it was my only method left of self defense. I was very unfortable not being able to move my arms and legs. This being disappeared right in front of my eyes. One second it was in front of me, the next it was gone. No movement. Just gone!  The being was brown in color, but unlike the previous contact being. This being had a human-like appearance in bodily form (legs, arms, round head, etc.), but looked nothing like a human in any other way. It had a dark brown color to it. It almost appeared to have a slimy texture to it (outward skin). Further, although I can not completely recall: I think the being could change the coloring of itself slightly. I am not saying brown to blue, I mean dark brown to light brown.  I was scared for a few days after this. I had issues of not wanting to fall asleep. It seems that this is the time they appear, and catch me off-guard. I would much prefer if I was walking in a field, and saw them 30 feet in front of me. Then, we would be on a bit more of a fair playing field!  Whatever is going on, I know that they are here now! I know they can do things that I can not do, whether it is some type of technology that enables them to disappear or it is biological. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));42.6586123809523;-83.3787323809524
I saw a red and purple pulsating light probably over Pontiac, Michigan.I was sitting in a chair on lakefront property in Waterford watc;2015-04-17 22:30:00;6 minutes;I saw a red and purple pulsating light probably over Pontiac, Michigan.I was sitting in a chair on lakefront property in Waterford watching this light move slowly barely above the treeline.   There were two lights: one that I KNEW WAS A PLANE due to the WHITE LIGHT.  I only saw it for what seemed like forever,but it was no more than 5 minutes.  It moved along the tree line and shine a bright light down on wherever it was traveling over and then move on as soon as i saw it.  One light (red and purple) moved in a straight line as the other light(a white light that i knew was a plane due its flight path with the local landing strip) passed it.   As the red and purple light moved on and then vanished into what seemed nothing, the plane banked and turned toward the path of the red and purple light in what seems almost a pursuit speed.   It was dark but i know for sure it was not a US aircraft because the only vehicles to use purple lights are funeral processions and they use magenta lights (I used to work in a factory manufactoring emergency beacons) and they did not pulsate in the manner that any emergency lights I have ever seen;42.6586123809523;-83.3787323809524
Strange moving light in the sky;2021-08-15 22:38:00;3:30;Strange moving light in the sky My children forgot to take my garbage cans to the road, I ran outside and took the cans to the curb. I noticed how strange the sky appeared, I noticed three moving lights very fast, close together in the same direction. I ran in to get my phone and back outside and started to flip them on my iPhone. I quickly chocked them up to being satellites or something else. Then I looked over in the other side of the sky when I noticed a strange bright light that moved strange and nothing I am aware of that is man made can move like this. I filmed it and zoomed in, and frankly got very scared. This light has 3 or more lights on it if you got frame by frame. It disappears and reappears, I just shook it off and showed my children the video I just taped. They were freaked out. My husband travels for work and I had forgotten about it and I just sent him the video, he instructed me that I should probably report it. I feel stupid but I know what I saw and I have the video of! it. I got so scared I stopped filming and ran in the house.;42.6586123809523;-83.3787323809524
