Me and friend witness bright light in east-north-east sky, disappears suddenly;2007-06-14 21:30:00;5+;Me and friend witness bright light in east-north-east sky, disappears suddenly Bright, slow moving light seen East-North-East.  Seen above horizon, but below cloud cover.  Possible meteor entry, however speed and angle lead me to believe otherwise.  Meteors would be seen as streaks with rapid movement.  This was slow and bright.  Not an aircraft because the light was too bright, too slow, and disappeared NOT behind cloud cover.  Not a helicopter because it seemed too high, no sound, and too bright.  Me and 1 other went outside to leave for a movie.  Noticed object.  Stood by truck antenna as a point of reference to view movement, moving very slowly upwards.  I am an astronomy minor and I ran back inside to grab binoculars.  Never have seen this kind of object before, neither of us.  Went back outside to find the object.  About 15-30 seconds after we returned outside it disappeared from sight.;39.5723;-76.3979
A stationary object, very bright, emitting a spectrum of colors with radiating points.;2019-03-11 23:00:00;1 hour;A stationary object, very bright, emitting a spectrum of colors with radiating points. Around 23:00, my boyfriend and I noticed a very bright “star” appearing object out my window.  This object was significantly bigger and brighter than all of the stars around it.  It was also emitting a spectrum of colors and was changing.  It appeared similar in shape to an asterisk with clear lines of light being emitted from all points. As this report sounds similar to a Star, we used two different sky map apps to determine which star.  Although Sirius is close in sky to where this object was, you could see Sirius to the left.  In order to further investigate, we checked the stars again this evening around the same time and did not see the same object in the position which further proved the object was not a star. Of note, I am in the medical field and am very scientific minded.  My boyfriend has a background in electronic media and math.  This being said, we are both objective people who rule out common things prior to jumping to the conclusion of UFO.;39.5723;-76.3979
