Spinning UFO's over West Virginia;2012-06-15 03:00:00;2 hours +;Spinning UFO's over West Virginia At approximately 3 a.m. there were 3 objects in the sky.  Several people on the internet were discussing them.  They were aligned in a diagonal pattern.  The first and second one had the most activity.  They were blinking red, green, blue, and white.   Occasionally, you would see red emitted from underneath.  They appeared to be spinning. There were not close.   They stayed for a long time.  During this time 2 orbs of very bright white light appeared moved quickly and disappeared.  One hovered for approximately 15 seconds before disappearing.   The following night was as clear as the previous one however, theses objects were no longer there.;39.494;-80.2221
Three smooth gliding amber lightsno blinkers,two kept same distance apart moving WSW to ESE as moon stayed still while one followed.;2014-02-18 01:40:00;~5 minutes;Three smooth gliding amber lights no blinkers, two kept same distance apart moving WSW to ESE as moon stayed still while one followed. Decided I was hungry at 1:30 am.  Went outside to smoke cigarette while food was heating.  I daily look at the night sky and the stars.  The moon was bright.  Sky clear but clouds moving in at distance from the west.   Very surprised and somewhat shocked,  I saw two amber lights that I first thought were airplanes.  Flying at about the same altitude as planes.   I then realized as they moved closer over head there were no blinking lights.  I see a few high altitude planes every night or so.  They appeared to stay an exact distance apart and were gliding slowly.  I was certain that they were not stars because as the moon remained stationary they continued to move close from ESE to WSW.  I then saw a third following somewhat behind further south.  As the clouds came over they were no longer visible.   When the clouds broke I was able to see one through the break.  Clouds enveloped again and I could no longer seem them when a large break appeared.   I took some pictures but doubt they came out.  It’s an older camera.  I tried to wake a family member up to corroborate my sighting.  No luck.   I have seen satellites before and these were too close to be satellites.  I believe that they could have been drones.  Or may have been the proverbial flying saucer.   The whole event lasted about 4-5 minutes.;39.494;-80.2221
