Multiple unidentified aircrafts sighted in small town.;2015-04-16 21:30:00;15-20 minutes;Multiple unidentified aircrafts sighted in small town. I was up the street from my house coming back from the store in my car and noticed that there were 2 aircrafts flying at a very low altitude coming straight my way.  I didn't think anything of it until I saw the lighting pattern on them.  There were five white lights in the shape of a V on these aircrafts.   They then seemed to either slow down or come to a complete stop.  I stopped my car and got out to get a better look and they continued on slowly.   I got back into my car and drove the rest of the way home (less than a quarter of a mile from where I was standing).  I got out of the car and in the parking lot, the other witnesses were talking about the sighting and noticed something was off about the aircrafts and we watched as they proceeded to go east.   In the next few minutes or so, 2 more of the same aircrafts, one with a red light in the center came from the west, also flying very low and making little to no noise and proceeded to go northeast.   A couple of minutes later, 2 more came from the same direction also flying low, but this time flying a bit faster than the latter and went southeast.   Me and the other witnesses were awestruck at all the strange crafts we just saw and kind of got freaked out.  I went into the house and started to take a drink and tell my wife about what we all just saw.   After a few minutes or so, I started hearing more aerial hums of aircrafts and rushed outside to see if I could catch another sighting.  The other witnesses were still outside and told me they just saw 4 more of those same aircrafts flying northeast.  I was a bit upset from missing them, but a second later, another aircraft noticeably bigger, with green lights in the shape of a diamond on its underside, flying at the same altitude as all the others flew overhead at a low speed heading in the same direction as the others.   At this point I tried to get my camera on it, but the aircraft simply started ascending and disappeared behind the clouds.;31.0288;-92.6207
