Connection to a Craft, the feeling we feel when seeing such an unexplainable event;2005-09-20 00:00:00;3min.;Connection to a Craft, the feeling we feel when seeing such an unexplainable event my boyfriend and I are very much into Ufos and always watch unexplained mysteries.  As children we have always had the unexplainable feeling of being watched and have always looked at the stars and watched crazy things in the sky but as children we thought that was normal.  As we got older everyone said we were crazy and left at that.  But on this night I have been convinced that they are the crazy ones.  We were sitting outside late at night smoking a cigg and we noticed an object getting extremely bright and close and at first we thought it was a plane but as it got closer we could hear no sound of an engine.  Suddenly it stopped approximitly two football feilds away directly above our heads.  All we could hear was the sound of a low humming and I got the strangest feeling I have ever had in my life.  My head began to feel very light and my vision began to blur and the only thing i could focus in on was the light above our heads.  I can only explain this by saying it felt like I was on some sort of crazy drug. I was both scared and excited from what I was seeing.  then just like that it was gone, in a blink of an eye just dissapeared. I just cant get over it.  I could see how it would scare some people because it is something that hasn't been taught to us, but I just like say if they wanted to harm us I'm sure they could have done it a long time ago, but like any smart person knows violence in never an answer and I have the feeling that they are very intellegent. I always have dreams about them and I'm sure some of you others do to, but in my dreams they communicate with my without speaking and inform me that the eld of our world as we know it now is coming to an end and we need to prepare for it and they say they have been here on earth for a very long time and do care about it greatly.  I get the feeling they care more about this planet then we do and that is very unfortunate.  well thanks for those who listen to my experience and share theirs as well. And always remember you are not crazy and don't be too scared because they aren't here to hurt anyone.;47.619;-117.7036
Orange/white ball of light seen bouncing like a ping pong ball north of Fairchild Airforce Base Washington.;2012-12-08 23:45:00;30 minutes;Orange/white ball of light seen bouncing like a ping pong ball north of Fairchild Airforce Base Washington December 8th , 2012.  My wife and I live about 1.5 miles north of Fairchild Air Force Base in Washington state.  On Saturday night Dec 8th 2012  at approx. 11.45 PM L  I was out on my sun deck and to the north west, above the tree line,  I saw an orange orb.  It was way up in the sky and I kept on watching it  thinking it was just a  star.   Suddenly it started to change colors from orange to red to bright white.  As it was changing colors, it continuously got larger and larger.  Then it turned to bright white, it suddenly streaked down toward the ground and just before hitting the tops of the tree line it stopped and changed back to orange in color. The orb just stayed there in position for several minutes.  Suddenly it started to change colors again from orange, to red to white all the while getting larger and larger.  When it changed to bright white, it went straight up in to the air and stopped at a very high elevation above the tree line and went back to orange in color. After a few minutes of just sitting there, it  started to change colors again from orange to red to white. When it changed to white, too suddenly streaked down towards the earth at about a 45 degree angle. It appeared to have bounced off the earth surface and right back up in the air at an apposing 45 degrees and then faded away into the darkness. no sound ever was herd, either. This went on for about one half an hour.  I have four other witnesses that saw this happen. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.619;-117.7036
