Bright blue flying saucer near Stephenville, TX, with a small plane following it.;2016-10-01 20:35:00;2 seconds;Bright blue flying saucer near Stephenville, TX, with a small plane following it. I was driving from Stephenville to Fort Worth.  It was a clear night without any clouds or rain. I was on I-20 heading East.  On the eastern horizon I saw a bright blue flying disk heading towards me and flying directly over the road.  It was flying very high at a planes altitude.  Slightly  lower and to the right of the blue flying saucer was a small plane. The small plane had a red light on the left wing and a white light on the right wing.  The plane's lights were flashing lights on both wings.  It was much smaller than a commercial plain.  It was triangular shaped and flying at a plane's speed while following this blue flying saucer.  It was not directly behind it but flying slightly lower and to the right of it.  The plane did follow the flying disk, going the exact same route. The bright blue flying saucer was twice as large as the plane and flying higher.  It was as bright as a star and was flying incredibly fast.  The saucer came from the East and was directly heading West.  It seemed like it was going as fast as a shooting star, but it had no light trail or haze.  The saucer flew directly parallel to I-20.  I watched it directly pass over me threw my sun roof.  I saw the bottom of the flying saucer.  It apeared to be a perfect circle with a clearly defined blue rim.  Even though it was very bright it was not fuzzy around the edges like a light or a star.  The saucer kept the perfectly defined circle shape.  It flew at an impossible speed, making it from as far as I could see on the Eastern horizon to the Western horizon behind me in 1 to 2 seconds.  The small plane followed behind it but at a much slower plane speed.  The flying saucer flew in a straight line. The bright blue flying saucer was so fast that I doubted if others on the road even caught a glimpse of it.  It was too fast for me to get to my phone. I also saw what I thought was a meteor crash the last time I drove from Stephenville to Fort Worth.  It was on September 9th 2016 at 01:00.  I was on 281 heading north to I-20 from Stephenville. I saw what looked like an orange shooting star.  That turned into a fireball.  I watched to see were it landed but it disappeared before it hit the ground, like it burned up.  The center of the fireball looked like a black line. These events were within 20 miles of each other, and about a month apart.;32.7462;-97.9569
