Spherical colored lights swooping and circling over a wheat field.;1974-07-10 00:00:00;3-5 minutes;Spherical colored lights swooping and circling over a wheat field. While I no longer remember the exact date (or even the year) for sure, I can estimate it within a year based on the age of my children at the time.  The two youngest (born 1972 and 1973) were still in cribs and sharing the same room on the second floor of our old farmhouse, only a few miles outside the town of Marion.  This is big farm country, and our house was surrounded by very large fields of wheat.  Late one evening during the week (my husband worked 2nd shift and was not home yet), I tiptoed into the darkened room to check on them as they slept.  The curtains were open, and my eye was caught by light or movement through the window.  I knelt by the window ledge and watched colored spheres of light (predominately red, some blue, some yellow) swoop and circle over the field.  It was summer, and the windows were open because we did not have air conditioning. I tried to tell myself it was fireworks as it was somewhere around July 4th, but there was no sound and the lights did not resemble any fireworks I have ever seen.  Gradually, the lights disappeared, though none of them shot away rapidly.  I had one other experience, though I no longer recall if it was the same year.  We were travelling near our home in our van and were passing over an overpass across State Route 23 when a bright blue light suddenly flashed on the passenger side of the vehicle.  We thought at the time that it could have come from a helicopter or plane, though we did not see or hear anything in the sky.  Years later, when I mentioned this to my family, I was startled to learn they had no memory of it, but I am sure it was not a dream. (NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));40.5912;-83.1258000000009
I have the message still and it is a matter of human security.;1999-05-21 16:00:00;30 minutes;I have the message still and it is a matter of human security. I was given a message telepathically from the object.  It still sends me messages, but I can not see it anymore. I was on a basketball court outside.   I was on my back looking up at the clear blue sky. I was stretching out my legs.  My friends were on their way up to play basket ball with me. I saw a fast moving object that looked like a star.  I watched it as it went into the western sky where the sun was.  I put my hands in front of my face to block the sun.  After about 20 seconds, three objects appeared and went back to the east side of the sky were the first object came from.  They were in a line like a row of a marching band.  The two on the sides moved very straight.  The one in the middle kept zig zagging from one to the other.  The two on the side kept moving east.  The one in the middle slowed down and started to circle above me.  It kept making wide circles above me.  The circular patterns became smaller and smaller until it stopped in the middle right above  me.  That is when I started talking to it and it started talking to me telepathically.  I have the message.  I need to talk to someone who can help us.  This is not a joke. I have told many people but none take me seriously.  I don`t know what else to do.  I am afraid it may be to late or impossible to change our fate.;40.5912;-83.1258000000009
