trianglar object in sky;2002-08-20 11:00:00;2 to 5 minutes;trianglar object in sky very large triangler craft shiny surface three half mirror like circle at each point one point was flat red and yellow light as it moved went to right then back to left then back right again started moving upwards real slow then disappeared into the deep blue sky there was some clouds almost looked like an aircraft carrier out at sea watched it for about 2to5 minutes I was sitting at the front of Boyds funeral home a young boy(man) came out sat in the other wooden chair he was stairing off at the marion tower so i looked that way i was looking at the flag at frirst that they put on top of the building then i noticed a large metal object moveing in the blue sky right behind the flag the sun was reflecting off the object  it seamed to move slow in the sky  went left then right then back again after that a red yellow and silver went up into the blue of the sky object was trainglar in shape more flat at one end i hope more people saw this object;40.5912;-83.1258000000009
A triangular craft sighted in Marion, Ohio was flying west leaving a deep bass coming from the sky.;2008-10-25 22:00:00;1 minute;A triangular craft sighted in Marion, Ohio, was flying west leaving a deep bass coming from the sky. First off I'm not crazy! I live on ((deleted)) ave. in Marion,Oh and was walking to my dads house the next street over on patterson st. I cut through the patterson street park and I felt a really deep bass coming from the sky. I looked up and noticed a triangular craft way up in the sky. At least 60,000 ft. It had green lights on each point and a whiteish blue flame coming out of the very center of the craft. The reason I knew it was'nt one of ours is because it was way way up in the sky and a jet or plane would of looked alot smaller at that altitude. It was heading west but the way it looked it was going strait up. It flew up until I couldn't see it any more. The lights did'nt blink they stayed lit. I found it very curious when I watched unsolved mysteries and some police officers in bulgaria or something seen triangular crafts floating really low to the ground and they had red lights at each point. They said they were huge in size as well. I know for a fact this is the same thing I seen. I haven't told anyone about this because they will think I'm nuts. I just thought this should be noted. B. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.5912;-83.1258000000009
