Enormous red-orange glowing craft rural area of WI.;1975-08-01 03:15:00;2 minutes;Enormous red-orange glowing craft rural area of WI. I was driving home from a neighboring town in a rural area of WI.  Although it was around 3:15 am, I was not under the influence of alcohol or any other substance(s).  My baby son was sleeping in the back seat of the car. Rural areas are very dark at night, so I immediately noticed a bright light in the sky to my left.  Although it was the brightness of the light which first caught my eye, I couldn't believe the size of the object - at least the length of a couple of football fields.  It was kind of saucer shaped, very long and the entire object glowed reddish-orange.  It seemed to be in a kind of haze. Completely freaked-out, by now I had stopped the car.  The craft was gigantic, glowed orange and did not move, but just hovered in the sky.  My father was a pilot and I was familiar with many different types of aircraft and I knew this was no earthly aircraft.  I just stared at it and remember feeling completely terrified. As I stared at it, it kind of sucked up into itself and disappeared within a split second, leaving a light trail as it left.  If I doubted what it was before it took off, I certainly knew, without a doubt, what it was afterward as I knew no earthly aircraft takes off that way. I was afraid to notify local law enforcement as I assumed (small town) I would not be taken seriously. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));43.3953;-87.8812
Four  illuminated saucer like objects in the sky at 2:15 am.;2008-07-17 02:15:00;2+hours;Four  illuminated saucer like objects in the sky at 2:15 am. I was outside and noticed lights flashing in the sky, I looked up and saw a band of lights flashing  from a distance. The object seemed to be saucer like. I told my girlfriend to come outside to see if I was imagining it. She saw it right away and then noticed two more below it and to the right. The lights on the saucers would randomly flash, the saucers don’t move much they just hover. We then went inside and looked outside our patio door and noticed one more.  The fourth saucer we noticed has more of a faint glow and the other three seem to have lights that move around the saucer.Around 2:45 the thrid saucer emitted a beam of light under it.Around the same time the lights on the first saucer started flashing multi-colored lights. I walked back to the window and two of the saucers were gone. We fell asleep at 4:00 and they were still there. Neither of us ever believed in UFO's up until tonight so this is pretty crazy.;43.3953;-87.8812
During the week off April 12, 2021- I saw a disk or saucer shape object in the North sky.It did have red and blue flashing lights-which;2021-04-16 19:00:00;few hours;During the week off April 12, 2021- I saw a disk or saucer shape object in the North sky.It did have red and blue flashing lights-which drew my attention to it.  It seemed to stay still in the air-and was just off the coast -north of my direction. Other people who were out-noticed it as well. It stayed there for a duration of time. Later that week-as I was headed to West Bend-again the same type of object was in the South sky. At times-a white light flashed away from the object. Again-it was hovering for a duration of time.;43.3953;-87.8812
