Craft a cross between Triangle/Chevron/Arrowhead/Diamond clear, starry night witnessed what I believe to be: quiet, low humming craft;1998-10-15 22:35:00;1-2 minutes;Craft a cross between Triangle/Chevron/Arrowhead/Diamond clear, starry night witnessed what I believe to be: quiet, low humming craft with 2 bright banks of lights, approximately 500-1000ft above ground, seemingly about I did not report this experience before, because I did not think anyone except my spouse would believe me.  I am a pragmatist, based in our known realities of scientifically proven facts, but what I saw was most tangibly real...even my dog stopped and looked up at this item.  I decided to report this today after reading about the police in southern Illinois who gave descriptions very similar to my own. At age 47, on or about the 15th of October, 1998, (may have been 10/10-10/27), I took our Cairn Terrier outside for her last potty break between 10:31 and 10:37 pm.  My spouse had gone to bed just minutes earlier.  It was a very mild, clear, star-filled evening.  As I stood looking at the beauty of the stars, facing a slight northwesterly direction, an enormous flying craft appeared--almost as if it had been 'Star Wars-like uncloaked'. I was immediately struck by it's seeming closeness to the earth, it's relative silence, and it's almost COMICAL display of two huge single-row banks of lights on either side of it's triangularish front---it looked almost exactly like the row of lights on police cars in these colors: red, clear and blue.  My next thought was: well, if this is a secret USA project, they sure want to be seen!.  It was close enough for me to wonder if those inside would wave at me. As this object approached, I choose to stay and watch what would probably be a once-in-a-lifetime experience instead of getting a witness.  As this seemingly slow and quiet craft approached our property, I tried to gauge it based upon a 40-50 ft. tall pine tree in the next yard.   My mind was trying to move fast to get a size estimate.  With it's unusual shape, it was difficult.  Nor do I possess the advanced physics/mathematical skills to measure items based upon horizon/angle, etc.  To me: this item was rather symmetrical, i.e., width from widest point-to-widest-point appeared to be 150-200 feet front-to-rear, perhaps 200-250 ft, based upon it's distance from the pine tree's top and width of view it took up in my line of vision.  Our city block is approximately 250 feet long, and each lot facing our street is 150 feet deep.  I believe this object, if on the ground, would have just about filled the property space of one-half of our entire block--perhaps more.  I remember won! dering why anything so huge would risk flying this low so near to 4 electric company smoke stacks located on the waterfront of our city. Description: first impression: a triangle.  When I was directly underneath it, my next impression was: pentagon with a flair my last impression: pentagon with enough of a flair to be considered an arrowhead.  Rear of craft as it was flying SE, away from me over Lake Michigan: flat rear/slight sides to main body, just like the back end of an arrowhead. Other descriptive items:  as it passed over me, I thought I detected some type of circles on the bottom of the craft the bottom of the craft was the darkest part of my visual experience.  As the craft first came toward me, I was fascinated by the banks of lights--what appeared to be rather halogenic red/clear/blue....but then I noticed that there was a beacon light on the top of the portruding cabin.  This craft DEFINITELY had a curved cabin with either windows or perhaps black reflective surfaces.  However, this cabin was NOT sharp-angled like the stealth bomber type.  This cabin seemed proportionate to the rest of the object, i.e., it was not a small bump in the middle of a disk.  This craft was not a thick craft...at least it did not appear so to me from the front/bottom/rear views I had of it as it almost silently cruised toward/over/away from me. Behavior of Craft:  seemingly slow cruising it did a flat bank from it's more southerly direction of travel to a southeasterly direction and it did this RIGHT over my head, i.e.,our street runs perpendicular to lake michigan on a slight NE/SW angle, so when I was watching this craft go directly away from me after it passed overhead, it had to be traveling in a slight southeasterly direction over Lake Michigan (I believe a straight-line shot across Lake Michigan would have placed it in Indiana/Ohio eventually?--it did the bank directly over my head at no time did this object exude any type of exhaust/exhaust noise--only a low humming.  We experience many helicopters flying overhead here.  If one takes a typical Flight-For-Life type helicopter on a scale of 1 to 10 for noise, with the helicopter's noise being a 10, then this craft, many times the helicopter's size, was barely a 1 to 2 in noise level.  At one point, it felt as though I could almost reach out and touch, it! seemed so close to me. Other Characteristics:  Nothing struck me as it being out of this world wierd except it's enormous size and quiet functioning, and two bizarre banks of cop car gumball lights.  This object seemed to have a dull body surface in a darker color, i.e., it was not silver/white/red/blue/green/purple/orange, etc.  It was, perhaps gray/brown/black.;43.3953;-87.8812
Brilliant orange power lights one word description would have to be roiling, or liquid.;2016-07-04 20:30:00;15 minutes;Brilliant orange power lights one word description would have to be roiling, or liquid. Being confined by language, with the additional restriction of vocabulary, it is difficult to convey individual knowledge, but this is what I must try to do.  I live in a condo in this small town, overlooking Lake Michigan and also overlooking a park located to my Southeast.  From this park, the Town celebrates three or four festivals every year, including of course July 4.  This fireworks display is clearly visible from my third floor (lakeside) deck and I intended to watch the 2016 display but was reading and forgot about it, until I heard the first Boom.  But as I went out to watch I was attracted to a small bright light out over the lake, directly east and moving north.  This was odd because there is never a light out over the lake at night but I thought it was probably a helicopter, moving at about that speed, headed toward Green Bay.  Then things changed.   As I watched, the light suddenly made a sharp left turn and started in my direction (and the direction of the fireworks).  I keep a pair of binocs hanging on the deck door and wanted to get them but was afraid I'd lose the light, now a bright orange and getting brighter as it got neared but finally hurried to get them.  Sure enough, the orange light was gone.  I'd lost it.   So it was back to the fireworks with some disappointment, until I realized it was not gone but had changed from the very bright orange lights to smaller, dimmer blinking ones, obviously on the bottom of something very large.  At that hour of the night, all I could see were the lights but by now the object was much closer, just offshore and slightly to the northeast of my position and of the fireworks display.  And though it was quite dark, there was the impression that the craft was triangular.  It held its position totally silent and motionless for six to eight minutes, as though someone in it was curious about the fireworks.   Then as I watched with the glasses it seemed like someone aboard flipped a switch.  The white, blinking bottom lights (levitating?) went out and the two very large and extremely bright orange ones snapped back on, ambient light illuminating the entire rear (power?) end of the craft, giving me a very clear view.  There still were no sidelights so impossible to determine actual size or shape, only the impression of big and triangular.  It sat immobile and silent for another couple of minutes and then moved leisurely to the southeast until it disappeared over the lake horizon, obviously abandoning its original destination.   Most interesting about this event is what it tells us about the beings involved, that is:  we are not being visited by preprogrammed probes but by ships was under intelligent guidance, they are not from our own future (not interested in fireworks), not our military for the same reason, and obviously not interested in direct communications so far.  I do a considerable amount of rendering and have made one of that part of the craft made visible by the large orange lights which I shall try to include.  Not a computer literate, but will give it a try. ((NUFORC Note:  This report was originally posted with a date of June 4th, 2016.  However, we discovered that the date was flawed, and that the witness had intended to indicate a date of July 4th.  The date has been corrected above, and the report will be posted with the correct date, the next time we update our website.  PD));43.3953;-87.8812
