lights moving very slow with no noise approx. 300 yards away;1985-09-15 19:00:00;5min.;lights moving very slow with no noise approx. 300 yards away While traveling south on Rt.8 I noticed lights off to my right that seemed to be going in the opposite direction,which I thought was a plane only I was traveling at about 60mph and a plane would have to have been going 120mph the opposite way.We should have passed each other pretty quickly only it seemed not to be moving.I pulled over,got out and watched the lights (in no perticular shape)travel north towards Hunter Mountain traveling very slow without any noise whatsoever that I could here.I was thinking Hang Glider but it was dark outside and it didn't have any form of headlights and the mountain was in the way.Now when I say mountain I mean it would take only about 5 minutes to drive from bottom to top.Then it just sort of faded behind the trees no noise no crash!It wasn't to long after that that there were sightings in New York State.The news program had people saying hang gliders.The sightings in new york as I remember wern't far from Connecticut but I can't remember exactly where.Somebody in new york had a video of a UFO which was shown on the news and that looked exactly like the one I had seen meaning the lights.I just got my computer and found this site otherwise I would have reported this long ago.If I had to guess on how far away the object was I would have to guess 300 to 400 yards away in relation to the way it dissapeared into the trees. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));41.4344;-73.0609
My friend and I had just got out of my car in my driveway, looked up to the night sky which was the western sky, and saw a small light,;1998-08-17 21:00:00;1min;My friend and I had just got out of my car in my driveway, looked up to the night sky which was the western sky, and saw a small light, like the size of a star moving North West at a slow even pace I then said What is that!, and my friend said I don't know, then we said Maybe a satellite or a balloon, then it quicky picked up speed shot straight up into the sky and disappeared.;41.4344;-73.0609
Red light in the sky in Beacon Falls, CT. A pinkish reddish lighting lit up the sky afterwords....;2013-06-26 21:35:00;Driving;Red light in the sky in Beacon Falls, CT. A pinkish reddish lighting lit up the sky afterwords.... I was traveling on route 8 coming from Naugatuck when I had seen the red light in the sky.  I ignored it for a bit because it was a starry night out, so my first impression was that it could be a planet, star, or airplane.  When I reached the beacon fall area, I got a better glimpse of the red light and stared at it for a while.  It started to move downwards pretty fast and then disappeared.  The two cars in front of me braked and slowed down as well because I can see both their heads starring to the right where the object was located.   Shortly after seeing the object vanish, a pinkish color shade of lighting lit up the sky with no sound of thunder. I was not intoxicated, high off any drugs, or on medication.  I and the other cars on the road noticed the light drop in the sky at the same time.   A recent sighting of weird lights in the sky has appeared in Bristol, CT on June 22nd and was on the news.  This was my first time seeing something like this in person and i was slightly freaked out.  I don’t know what is going on lately, but weird things have been going in in CT. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.4344;-73.0609
