A cluster of lights interchanging and changing color.;2007-11-30 00:00:00;5 minutes;A cluster of lights interchanging and changing color. The other night, I was driving home in the farm lands. I was taking a shortcut home. As I was driving, I believe I saw something. This something was hovering, about 20-30 feet above ground. It was just off the road maybe only 50 ft or so. I didn’t know what it was, due to the fact, I have never seen anything like this in my life. I didn’t know what to do, whether I should stop what I was doing and try to get a better look at this object, or if I should’ve fled away being afraid of what could possibly happen. I was somewhat scared, because it was abnormal and it was so close to me. This object was so close to me, that I could have thrown a rock at it and I would’ve definitely hit it. Being so afraid and uncertain of what I was seeing, I just kept driving, but only faster. I didn’t tell anybody because I didn’t want people to think I was hallucinating or something. Now to describe this object. I saw a cluster of lights. The lights were not in a row or any formation. They were not in a sequence or in any pattern to form a shape of the object. They were spread out. They changed color. All of the lights changed color at the same time. At first the lights were a whitish color. Then they changed to a blue-grean or teal color. Next they appeared in a reddish or red-orange color. They flashed or should I say switched position. One light would go out and another one would light up. They switched from light to light extremely fast and again, not in any pattern or sequence. This flashing of lights made it hard to identify its shape. I could not make out the body of the object because of the scrambling lights. When the lights changed from light to light, it was like there was a streak of light following behind it,  kind of like a tracer. This object didn’t appear to be on the ground, but very close to it. And it wasn’t moving, and if it was it was cruising very slowly. After seeing this, I was not sure of what to do. I was so astonished, I couldn’t believe what I had just seen. I thought there was some kind of mistake or I was just seeing things. I never really put too much thought into this sighting. I never really believed in these sightings that others reported. I was just online at MSN.COM and I saw an article about a recent sighting in Texas. There was a video of the witness talking to the news crew. He was describing what he had seen. The way he described the object was a very accurate description of what I saw. I should have made this report a lot sooner. But me seeing this video of the witness and him describing the sighting, pushed me to make a report. Maybe my info could help you all out in some way. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.1496;-119.4618
I'm a truck driver and I've seen the reddish/orange balls of light before. But never this close.  One passed over my truck from E to W.;2017-05-04 04:50:00;20 seconds;I'm a truck driver and I've seen the reddish/orange balls of light before.  But never this close.  One passed over my truck from east to west on Highway 119 just outside of Taft, California, at 4:50 am today May 4th.   This was not an aircraft and it was not a Chinese lantern…  There was no flicker of fire or blinking lights.  I estimate it was less than a quarter mile above me, and maybe the size of a yoga ball.   I was able to grab my phone and snap 3 photos before it was out of view.  The pictures are very interesting!! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates Taft, Indiana in original report.  We have amended that to Taft, California.  PD));35.1496;-119.4618
