3 lit objects fly high over San Joaquin Valley,  move around and stay about one hour, viewed from Taft, Ca.;2001-08-15 20:00:00;1 hour;3 lit objects fly high over San Joaquin Valley,  move around and stay about one hour, viewed from Taft, Ca. I  was out walking, right at dark.  I was talking with some friends when I looked up to the West and I saw a light coming East.  This light was up very high, looked like a star. I pointed it out to my friends and we watched it. It was going East very fast, and all of a sudden when it got overhead it was going North as fast as it was going East. This light did not turn, just changed directions. When it went North it continued to move around zig zag with the very sharp direction turns. Two more lights came and joined this light. These direction turns continued as the crafts moved around. The first light went NE over Mt. Whitney area, went back and forth a couple of times. The other two stayed over the San Joaquin valley, in the North.  The lights traveled back and forth, then one came South and went SE.  I told my friends to watch the North I was going to watch the one in the South.  The two to the North seemed to be exploring.  The one to the SE went to a point and stopped.  It set there for about a minute and then it excelled in very great speed going straight up.  I  watched and it got to where it was only a pin prick of a light.  It stayed there for a while then all of a sudden it came back down as fast as it had gone up to the level where it had been, and it stayed there for a while.  The two in the North continued moving around and then all of a sudden they came South and the one in the SE joined them and they went South together over the mountains toward the Pacific Ocean - Ventura area - and disappeared.  We never did see them return.  Later at about 22:30, that night, a very bright object fell from the sky in the North, it looked like something very big had entered the atmosphere was burning.  Within a matter of minutes after this some military jets came from the East and circled around.   I am not sure about the date it was August 15 or 16 and I am sure the year was 2001, I should have written it down. I marked the date in my mind about a week later. I've had several other experiences with UFO's in my life. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));35.1496;-119.4618
