Fireball, then lights or flame went out and there was 3 red dots, with blue lights in middle.;2004-02-16 19:30:00;30 Seconds;Fireball, then lights or flame went out and there was 3 red dots, with blue lights in middle. I was driving down to get gas and i was all the wayt down my street. I looked left to as normal to wait for traffic to get on the HWY. I saw a looked like a big bright light and then it dissapeared for about 2 seconds. Then its came back which looked like a yellow fireball, then the lights turned off and there was 3 red dots shaped like a pyramid with blue lights in the middle. Then it dissapeared, vanished, i sat there for about 3 minutes and it didn't come back. It lasted for about 30 seconds.;34.0639;-116.5665
A big bright ball of fire traveling at low altitude in the mid-evening.;2011-12-30 20:00:00;1 seconds;A big bright ball of fire traveling at low altitude in the mid-evening. I do not even recall the exact month, but it was recently. I live in the high desert where the city lights do not interrupt the cosmos at night.  I was out on the front porch (facing south)smoking a cigarette. I happened to look to my left (east)and in the immediate hill range of the valley, I saw a fireball that was very big considering how close it was.  It shot behind the local hill within a second. I don't know what on earth it was, however, it was bizarre!!!  It was the color of fire with definite layers of color.  From what I recall, from center to outward, the colors went from the hues of red, orange, yellow then a bright blue aura.  There was no tail following the object and it was large, very large.  It was very close as it appeared to be in the Morongo Valley itself which is only a stretch of about 7 or so miles. It looked like a star, only amplified in size to where it looked like the size of a small cabin on top of a hill.  The object was round and was ! definitely traveling north.  I just now came to this website, and that is my story.  My father in law called out on the local HAM radio channel to see if anyone seen it, but there was only one response who did not see it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.0639;-116.5665
