Round slow spinning object with 3 to 4 orange lights hovering over ocean.;2015-05-13 20:30:00;10-15 seconds;Round slow spinning object with 3 to 4 orange lights hovering over ocean. Round slow spinning object hovering above the ocean off coast of folly beach sc.  Multiple orange lights, maybe 3 or 4 sometimes flashing.  Lasting about 10 to 15 seconds then disappearing.  Object then reappeared 2 to 3 minutes later near, but not at the same spot as before.  It sometimes moved higher, lower, left or right. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.6658;-79.9298
Parallel series of two orange dots, 4 pairs of 2.;2019-07-30 22:30:00;5 minutes;Parallel series of two orange dots, 4 pairs of 2. Tonight, sitting on the beach at Folly Beach South Carolina, myself, my wife, and my son-in-law observed what we can only term as a UFO.  Or rather a series of UFO‘ S.   It was approximately 10:30 PM Eastern time on 7/30/2019, when I pointed out to my wife that were some points of orange light appearing and then disappearing out over the ocean.  Note: at Folly Beach we are facing south as opposed to east on most of the east coast of the USA.  We assumed those were airliners although the color was very different than anything I have seen in the past, however that could be explained by cloud cover or any number of things.   My wife went inside and my son and I were talking, when I suddenly shouted out what the heck is that?  He turned around and saw the tail end of what I was seeing, but what I had seen was a series of orange dots in pairs descending towards the ocean from our vantage point at a 45° angle from the South by South East sky.  We talked about it for a minut! e and just decided that we didn’t know what it was.  My wife came back outside, we told her what we had seen, and kind of laughed it off.   After a few minutes, though, all three of us saw another series of pairs of orange lights progressing south to north in front of us.  Our son also saw another series of lights coming west to east, although considerably south of us.  My wife and I were aware of those other lights but we were focused on the ones directly in front of us, straight to the south. These were very straight line events, there were no orange shapes fluttering around in the air. They came as two dots, Then within a second two more dots,  And then again and again until there were four sets of dots on two parallel lines pointing roughly in our direction.  Then they were gone, quickly disappearing.  The lights off to the east also behaved in the same fashion and disappeared almost in the same second. OK, I am an engineer, my wife is an artist, and my son-in-law is an IT specialist.  We don’t actually see the world in the same way, but we saw this exactly the same.  And none of the three of us can explain what we saw.  My wife and I lived under a flight pattern for midway airport in Chicago, and sitting out at night we used to see airliners flying over all the time.  I have never seen a series of dots, appearing in the sky that far away in a sudden sequence, where in the space of a second that had to be hundreds of miles apart, straight, parallel, and in a consistent pattern.   An hour later we are still sitting out here, unable to go to bed, because we cannot begin to understand what we saw.  I suppose we will sit out here most of the night waiting for something more to show, and nothing will come.  But we will know that we have seen something that cannot be explained by relatively sophisticated people.;32.6658;-79.9298
