Three orange/yellow lights in a triangular formation near the Charleston Harbor, viewed from the Folly Beach pier under a full moon.;2014-10-08 21:00:00;2 seconds;Three orange/yellow lights in a triangular formation near the Charleston Harbor, viewed from the Folly Beach pier under a full moon. On the night of 10/8/2014, my wife and I were at Folly Beach, SC, enjoying a stroll on the beach under a full moon.  There were no clouds in the sky, stars were out (but very faint, probably due to the brightness of the moon).  We were sitting at the Folly Beach Pier looking toward the moon which was in the Northeast.  To the west of the moon toward the opening of the Charleston Harbor, I saw three orange/yellowish “fireballs” in a triangular formation (one on the left, one on the right and one on the top).  I pointed it out to my wife and she noticed it as well then the images disappeared.  The first to disappear was the eastern most light, followed by the western most then the top one.  The entire sighting lasted for about 2-3 seconds, just long enough to spot it, point it out and then it was gone. We thought right away that maybe it was fireworks, but we saw no signs of a trail or evidence of the lights fizzling out like a falling light would.  We then thought it may have been a plane, but the lights were too far spaced out.  We sat there for a few minutes discussing what we saw and decided to record what we saw on our voice recorder on our phone.  We continued to monitor the sky around us, but did not see it again or anything that resembled what we saw. We finally went along the pier and asked a couple people (fishermen and families walking the pier) if they saw it and nobody else witnessed what we saw.  Someone joked that they must not have been drinking what we did, but we had only had water and sweet tea earlier in the evening no drugs, alcohol or medicine that would have been a factor.;32.6658;-79.9298
One of my friends said he saw something in the sky, we saw 2 more of them, the first one was blinking across the sky like it was going;2020-06-17 10:03:00;10 seconds;One of my friends said he saw something in the sky, we saw 2 more of them, the first one was blinking across the sky like it was going up a stair case... the next one wss like a firework show, they all blinked violently and then they stopped. I got s small video of one.;32.6658;-79.9298
