Two large, extremely bright red/orange spheres moving in slow silent formation over the water at the beach.;2013-05-25 00:10:00;8 minutes;Two large, extremely bright red/orange spheres moving in slow silent formation over the water at the beach. (Please note:  I do not use drugs or alcohol and I do not believe in aliens but these were Unidentifiable Flying Objects, so here is my report.)   It was a gorgeous, peaceful, perfectly clear night:   I was seated comfortably on the 3rd-floor balcony of my ocean-front condo, admiring the full moon over the ocean and enjoying the gentle sea-breeze.  There were people sitting and chatting of the balcony next to mine, and there were a few people walking down on the beach.   Suddenly, from the east-northeast horizon there silently appeared a large, very bright red/orange (with a tiny bit of yellow) globular-shaped object, with a slight undulation in shape.   My first impression was that it had been launched, like a flare, because its initial trajectory was like a flare and its brightness was also like a flare (though it was multi-colored, red/orange/yellow, unlike any flare I've ever known of, and it lacked the sparkling/flaming aspect of a flare).   Six or eight seconds later, a second object, identical in size/shape/color-scheme, appeared on the exact same trajectory.  Unlike a flare, these objects did not diminish in brightness and arc downward into the ocean.  They continued in their initial trajectory, in a perfectly straight line, from northeast to south, across the ocean, at a velocity of no more than 40-45 mph.  I estimate they were a half-mile from me, traveling perfectly across my totally unobstructed field of view, their altitude slowly but steadily increasing to maybe 1000 feet above the surface of the ocean.  If my distance-estimates were even vaguely correct, their mass was vehicle-sized.   They continued in perfect silence, in a perfectly straight line, south over the ocean, and then over the coast off Kiowa Island.   After about six minutes, the lead object faded and disappeared.   The trailing object continued in the lead's trajectory and did not fade from view until after an additional two minutes.   There is nothing in my life-experience which can even come close to explaining what I saw, and I cannot conceive of any natural or man-made object that could even come close to either the appearance or behavior of these two objects.  I want an explanation.;32.6658;-79.9298
Approx. 100 yards away from house. Red sphere that gradually diminished over 15 mins.;2013-11-28 20:45:00;15 minutes;Approx 100 yards away from house.  Red sphere that gradually diminished over 15 mins. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.6658;-79.9298
