luminous object hangs in air, disappears rapidly in the distance;1986-07-15 07:30:00;around 2-3 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Date in July 1986 is approximate.  PD))  luminous object hangs in air, disappears rapidly in the distance I was living in the small city of Las Vegas NM at the time.  I had just started my drive into Mora, NM where I was employed at the time.  I got out toward the edge of town in Las Vegas when something caught my eye in the windshield.  I saw something shiny in the sky.  My first thought was that it was the sun reflecting on the windshield, but a better look told me it was in the sky.  I pulled my car over to the side of the road and got out just to make sure I wasn't seeing reflection.  At that point I became somewhat alarmed because I thought I was seeing a plane crashing due to the angle of the object and its path.  If it kept on going it would hit the hills to my right.  I thought I was seeing  an unpainted plane fuselage from the side but then noticed there was no tail to the object.  I should probably note that the object seemed to be luminous and I could not determine its exact shape.  It was bright enough that it hurt my eyes to view it directly for very long. Anyway, as I was standing there watching this thing slowly proceed at this awkward angle toward the hills it stopped dead and hung in the sky.  At the time it stopped it had gone low enough thatI could see the hills behind it.  That is when it really got strange.  I am standing there wondering just what the hell I was looking at when I get the feeling that it is watching me back.  I can't describe this very well, but I was flooded by a feeling of being caught doing something wrong.  That thing really was looking back at me!  What I report next sounds fabulous even to me and I experienced it.  I could swear I heard a conversation in my head between 2 or 3 different people.  Voice1: We are being observed. Voice2: It is not permitted to be observed. Voice3: We must leave. Then the object seemed to rotate and either shot off at an incredible speed or winked out.  It was just there and then it seemed to be gone in the distance.  It left me there shaking in my sneakers. For the record:  I freely admit that I have been fascinated by the UFO controversy and have enjoyed science fiction since I was a young kid.  That being said I have also served in the Army's Presidential Honor Guard.  I am not making this up. The whole time I watched this thing I was fascinated by it.  I had read about abductions and contacts etc before that time.  It had been reported that some aliens communicated telepathically.  While I was watching I was also thinking please land!.  I think that the fear I felt and the conversation I heard might have been their way of saying We'd like to stop, but it isn't allowed and we'll all get in trouble.  What I really wanted at that point was to have my existence acknowledged by them and I feel that they complied with my wish to the extent they felt they could get away with.  That is all.;35.5939;-105.2239
