observed green star moving from the right to the left below the constellation of Leo through telescopes;1998-11-19 02:30:00;65 minutes;observed green star moving from the right to the left below the constellation of Leo through telescopes Our local astronomical group visited Star Hill near Las Vegas, New Mexico, in November 1996 and November 1998 and stayed 10 days on each trip.  I got my 8 inch telescope ready for viewing the Virgo Cluster of galaxies, which comes up above the horizon at Star Hill at approximately 3:20 am local time on the morning of the 19th of November 1998.   At 2:30 am, I was below the star Regulus and heading towards the three galaxies known M105, M96, and M96.  I spotted a green star moving slowly against the background of stars in my finder.  I switched over to my 8 inch telescope and easily picked up the object.  This green star object was moving from my right  to my left along a straight line south of Leo. After about 5 minutes, I hollered out, Boys, I am tracking a moving object.  Quickly three more telescopes were set up and started tracking the object.  Soon all 18 members of our group looked through these 4 telescopes and everyone was able to see and track this slow moving object. According to my notes, the object stopped moving several times.  Then moved south a short distance, then stopped, paused, then resumed moving straight ahead.  Basically we were still south of the constellation of Leo.   After about 3/4 of an hour of viewing, the other members grew tired and walked away to their own telescopes.  I continued viewing.  At 3:19 am, the green star stopped, then moved south a small distance, and stopped at another green star, or merged with, or went behind, this new green star.   As I am observing, I was calling out to everyone else what was happening, or not happening, with this green star.  At approximately 3:35 am, something  dramatic happened.  Two  missile-like objects came through the field of view.  These objects flew on a course from the southwest to the northeast.  One object went to the left of the green star and the other object went to the right of the green star.  A white streak followed these objects.  These objects moved very quickly through the field of view.  I continued to observe this green star until 4 am.   I grew tired and turned my attention to the Virgo cluster, which was well up by now.  However, I drew a diagram o! f the star field around where the green star finally stopped moving.  Basically, we were close to the border of Leo and Virgo constellations.;35.5939;-105.2239
Two horizontal, parallel rows of lights, approximately 1/4 mile up, moving  from the south to the north.;1999-02-23 19:00:00;5 min.;Two horizontal, parallel rows of lights, approximately 1/4 mile up, moving  from the south to the north. Two horizontal, parallel rows of lights, approximately 1/4 mile up, moving  from the south to the north for approx. 5mi. at a high speed. After aprox. 3 min they stoped and came together in a cluster for approx. 3 sec. then seemed to disappear. They reappeared and serveral of the lights began to dance and or blink and or jump back and forth up and down side to side  at a very high speed for approx 2 min.  The light began to fade like a sparkler. This expierance was unexplainable and nothign like I've ever seen before.  I was over whelmed by this event.  It is my understanding that the local Police Dept received numerous sitings that night.Also, the night before simular sitings were reported over Los Alamos NM;35.5939;-105.2239
5-7 bright red lights flashing one at a time in a row sequence,  on top of a hill off of highway 84;2015-08-10 22:00:00;15 minutes;5-7 bright red lights flashing one at a time in a row sequence,  on top of a hill off of highway 84 It was a little after 10pm the night before school started in August 2015. I was leaving my house to pick up my daughter in Romeroville. I was driving down my driveway (about a quarter mile long) when I saw a sequence of flashing red lights. There were 5 to 7 bright, large  red lights flashing one at a time in a row. They flashed like “1,2,3,4,5...1,2,3,4,5” and so on. When I got to the road, highway 84  just passed Los Montoyas, I could see that the lights were across the street, on top of the plateau type hill in front of me. I tried to think it was emergency vehicles or a road block up on the hill but there was no way it was anything like that. The lights were much to large to be anything like that and with them blinking in a row, one at a time, it was not something I’d seen any emergency lights do. I drove very slow all way down the driveway and stopped for a few minutes at the road where my gate was. I was afraid to get out to open the gate but I had to! go get my daughter, so I did. The whole thing lasted about 15 minutes. After I picked up my daughter at the Giant gas station in Romeroville I told her all about it. I guess I was expecting to see it there, just like when I left but when I pulled up to the gate it was gone. Now I wish I had taken a picture or video of it. At the time I was too scared. I remember thinking that maybe I would be abducted if I took a picture. I’ve never seen anything like it before or;35.5939;-105.2239
