Yellowish-Gold falling star, that stopped, changed colors and vanished.;2012-06-09 23:15:00;5-6 seconds;Yellowish-Gold falling star, that stopped, changed colors and vanished. Driving to a friends parents house, my friend and I turned left on the a specific road.  As we drove having a conversation, I noticed a yellowish-gold color object streak across the night sky, as my friend kept running his mouth, I said &quoto look, a falling star&quot.  as soon as I said this, the object STOPPED. just stopped, and it went from this tiny yellow colored object, to a huge green disk of light.  it was two layers, darker green with a gold light on each end, and then a faded green outter.  and just the fast, it looked as if it imploded on itself, and it was gone!  I said to my friend DID YOU SEE THAT, and he said know, but oddly he believed me when I described what I had just saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));39.0349;-75.453
Huge disk shaped object.;2016-10-04 20:00:00;5 minutes;Huge disk shaped object. My daughter was out back, she called Me said Mom come here, when I got out back, she said look at the UFO, I said where, I saw a saucer with just 4  red lights, I said at first , I didn't see anything, I went inside got My son, and my glasses and went outside, I got a real good look then, it was big round and moving slow, like slow motion, my son tried to record it , he didn't get anything on it, going to download it to my laptop and look, there was no sound at all we watched it for about 5 minutes til it was gone heading southwest, I really tried to say oh it's just a plane, I live close enough to the Air Force base, it really was not a plane, I just don't know what I saw, I said last nite I would give it a 80% chance it was not a plane, I admit I was scared, I didn't go out back after that without someone with me, I also closed my bedroom window and shut the curtains, I Ben here for 17 yrs and never saw anything like that before, I just don't know, it was scary and fascinating at the same time, what got me the most is no plane ever went that slow here before...strange, just strange… ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.0349;-75.453
