Color changing, rotating, moving object/star seen more than once in night sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Star??  PD));2011-11-05 01:00:00;days;color changing, rotating, moving object/star seen more than once in night sky November 5, 2011 - I was going to bed and decided for some strange reason to look out the window.  The blinking light caught my eye and at first I thought it was an airplane, but then I noticed it was staying sort of stationary.  Then after looking at it, I realized, no, it wasn’t stationary, it was moving slightly left then right, then left then right, the up, then down, then left then right, etc.  It also changed shapes, and the colored lights changed from red to blue to green to yellow, etc.  In wonder, I yelled for my husband to come see.  He was downstairs, I was up.  Instead, he yelled, “What is it?” To which I told him I was looking at a UFO.  He looked out the window and just moments later yelled, “I see it!” and then verified where in the sky I was seeing it.  It continued to “wiggle” in the sky and change colors.  It also changed shapes from round or spherical to oblong or blimp shape.  As it changed shapes, the colors changed.  It was almost like it was rotating.  We called our son who lives about 1/6 mile down the road.  He went outside and he saw it too.  He reported seeing the shape stay the same, but the colors changing and it appearing to move.  We could see the color changing and movement with the naked eye.  We looked at it through the binoculars, and it was DEFINITELY colored.  It was like looking into a spectrum.  All kinds of color!  Yet the next time you looked at through the binoculars it was all white.  Mostly it was colored.  It appeared to be high in the sky like a star, light up like a plane, and hovering like a helicopter.  It was too high to be a helicopter and it didn’t make any noise that we heard.  It stayed in the night sky and we decided to go to bed.  The next day, I posted on Facebook and friends told me it was a planet or comet or something.  November 6, 2011 –Again, we saw the same UFO in the night sky, again changing colors just as much, but moving back and forth and up and down just a little less.  Of course- when we saw it this night, we were at my Son’s house and remember he didn’t report seeing the same movement we did.  January 3, 2012 - My best friend – who lives about 15 miles away saw a UFO, possibly the same one.  Tonight, January 4, 2012 - Due to her sighting, I looked into the night sky, and the color changing orb is back.  Movement is not as strong, but the color changing is definitely there.  We talked on the phone and although trees and such near her house made it where she couldn’t see it earlier in the night, she did spot it later this evening.  Commentary - It might be a star or planet or something, and maybe pollution is causing the colors, but what is causing the movement?  It is usually about in the same spot (when it’s out there – it’s not always there) near Orion’s Belt.;33.5229;-81.7983
