strange bright lights in sky south of New Holland Ohio;2007-09-11 21:00:00;45min-1 1/2hr;strange bright lights in sky south of New Holland Ohio I am 51 year old of sound mind. I was watching television last night around 9pm.  The weather had cooled of enough, that I shut off the air con. and opened up the house.  I was watching Fox News and was sitting on the couch.  The front of our house faces south, into open farm fields.  About 1/2 mile is a tower for cell phones. I have all the lights on in the living room, and that makes it hard to see anything outside. I see a bright light light up in the sky on the east side of the tower, then it fades within a few seconds. The first thing I think is some kind of missel flash, it is 9/11 and this is on everyones mind.  I go to the front door to get a better look, and I see 3 very bright lights light up, not realy in a row, just randam. These also fade to nothing within 5 to 6 sec. I witness this for the next 15 min. not in any pattern, or time frame. I can also see regular air craft flying normal off in the distance. These lights were not aircraft. At this point I think I must be nuts. I go outside and stand in our driveway. Again I see the 3 bright lights for about 6 sec. and they fade. I call my husband who is at work in Circleville and explane to him what I am seeing. As I am on the phone I see it at least once. I go back into the house to get my camera to take a picture if I could. I go back to the driveway and see the 3 lights again, the do not at any time light up together, but light up like counting one, two, three and then fade. The last time I saw the lights, was on the west side of the tower, and one became very bright, and in a very straight line five or six others appeaired, one right after the other, and then faded in the same way as the rest. I was a little scared at that point, I guess the unknown. I am not a nut case. I own a boarding and grooming kennel, I have raised 3 sons, two of them are Police Officers. I have never seen anything like this. I do not think they were flairs. We have also have a home at Lake Erie and I have seen flairs over the lake. I was up till three am watching, and nothing after the row of them on the west side of the tower. They were round, very bright, like a planet in the sky only ten times brighter and fades in a few seconds.;39.5623;-83.2529
