Orange Fireball that turned into a large dark round object as it  flew out over the ocean and disappeared;2012-08-09 18:30:00;10 minutes;Orange Fireball that turned into a large dark round object as it  flew out over the ocean and disappeared My 3yr old was at the dining room table and said daddy look at the big star in the sky.  I went over to the window and saw what looked like a large orange fireball. It was traveling in what looked like a south east direction coming in from Cape Smokey area in Cape Breton but way up in the sky. We went outside to get a better look at it and my 12yr old and his friends were outside watching it as well.  When it got close to being over Glace Bay it changed. This is the weird part, the orange firey glow disappeared and all we could see was a large dark round shape. There was a thin see through cloud layer at a high altitude and the object seemed to change direction and head east out over the ocean. You could clearly see it was above the clouds and we watched it until it disappeared out over the ocean.  My sons friend turned to me and said, What the hell was that?  I told him it was probably just a satelite and to go finish playing basketball. This was no satelite though and I have no clue what it was.  Compared to all the overseas jets that fly over Glace Bay this thing seemed to be about 10 to 15 times the size of a jumbo jet   And we could clearly see it was at a high altitude above the clouds.  Whatever this was, it was big. It started out looking like a ball of fire and then it was like someone turned off a light switch and the firey glow stopped and all you could see was the large round dark shape. I checked online to see if the ISS was flying over cause we've seen it before at night and thought it might have been light play from the evening sun but the online tracking system didn't have the ISS anywhere near Atlantic Canada at that time. Apparently there was also a sighting in the Mira Bay area of Cape Breton a week earlier which I didn't find out about until October. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));46.1959;-59.9566
