UFO chases car 8 miles. 4 witnesses. Several sightings afterward.;1996-02-14 18:30:00;20 minutes;UFO chases car 8 miles. 4 witnesses. Several sightings afterward. Kim, Terri, and I were driving to Nikki's house, Kim's cousin (about 6:30pm). We were all about 17-18 years old and it was Valentine's day.  Nikki and Kim were living about a 1/2 mile from each other in a remote farming area.  It was dark and the roads were icy. Kim's mother had reported numerous times to her family that there was a UFO that followed her to work daily.  Each morning the lit object would wait for her above the mail box and one day, she claims the object beamed down a light and flew over the hood of her car.  On one hand, I believed her because she is an honest no nonsense person, but on the other hand, it's definately something you need to see to believe!  Kim began seeing the object after her mother woke her up and pointed it out to her one morning. TO NOTE:  Kim has an uncle that is very paranoid of aliens being able to see him at night, to the point of shooting out the overhead farm lights.  He lived about 6-7 miles away.  My mother bought a telescope to watch the skies after seeing UFO's over Lake Miltona in the 80's.  My uncle has seen UFO's in Park Rapids, MN while jogging along wooded trails.  I have several friends and aquaintances who claim to have seen UFO's (about 10).  My husband says he used to watch UFO's while having field parties in Miltona in the early 90's. On Feb. 14th at about 6:30pm, my friends and I picked up Nikki.  Terri was driving and Kim was in the passenger seat.  I was sitting in the back seat of a 4-door car.  When we pulled into the driveway, Kim yelled, See, there it is!  That's what I've been seeing!  We all observed a UFO hovering above the silo.  Nikki had also seen it and immediately jumped into the back seat.  The object was round and white in appearance.  Although it was bright, the light appeared to be self-contained, meaning that it didn't emit light like a flashlight or lightbulb. When we drove away, the object came straight down from the sky and then followed along-side the vehicle.  It was about the size of our car.  It followed along the ditches, move up over trees and power lines, then would dip back down along side us.  It was icy and we took back roads (gravel) for 8 miles to my mother's house in Miltona, MN.  All of us were hysterical and crying, yelling at Terri to drive faster.  There was no other traffic on the gravel roads and but Terri had to drive slowly. Once we hit Highway 14, the object moved higher up into the sky and moved behind us.  A large beam of light came down like a helicopter spotlight. I felt like something snapped in my brain. I'm not sure how to explain it, but it seemed nearly audible. This is the point at which I'm not sure exactly what happened.  I'm not sure if I imagined what COULD have happened,or if it actually DID happen.  The car was stopped. No one was screaming or crying and everyone else was staring straight ahead, motionless.  There wasn't any lights on the dash, no clock, etc., and the car wasn't running. I think there was a small man (being) next to my car door.  We had locked all the doors upon seeing the UFO.  The man telepathically told me to open the door and I refused.  It said, We're going to get in anyway.  Make it easier on yourself and unlock the door.  I reached over and unlocked it and don't remember anything else. BUT, it was as if we DIDN'T stop the car. The light had come out and chased us, closing in on us slowly, and just when it was almost on top of us, a car came from the other direction and it was gone in a flash, going in the other direction. I had regression hypnosis to help me remember this incident, and as it turns out, I'm just one of those people who can't be hypnotised. What luck! But, I was able to recall details just from simply telling the story to the hypnotist over and over again. It seemed that each time I could remember another small little detail. But, when it comes to the spot where I'm not sure if we stopped or not, I was confused each time. I simply came up with, and then it was gone and we went to my house. My friend also had hypnosis and swears that she and her cousin were taken up into a spaceship. I was not present at her hypnosis session, but she said it was pretty intense. Over the next two months or so, I saw the UFO several times at my house (daily, sometimes). It would come after dark and it seemed immediately after I fell asleep. I would wake up feeling as though something was staring intently at me and would open my eyes to see it outside my window. It would change shapes to the shape of the moon (half moon, crescent, full moon, etc.) and would also change colors (white, yellow, orange). It did not have flashing colors, but would be one full color at a time. Once, it turned blood red as I reached for the phone to report it to the police as a sighting. I was scared to go to sleep and felt like no one could possibly identify with me what I was going through. I eventually saw it less and less, but did start seeing it again about 3 years ago, spurring me to pursue the hypnosis. Before the hypnosis session, I swear that I woke to a female alien standing next to my bed reaching over my abdomin area. A few hours later I woke up laying crosswise on my bed without the covers on. I also had an incident where I woke up sleep walking, chasing a very short man out of my room. I dismissed it as a dream, but after going to the bathroom to take a drink of water, I noticed that the UFO was, once again, sitting outside the window! CRAZY! A few days later, I saw the UFO in daylight gliding across the sky. It did this for a few minutes, then quickly made a right angle and dashed away. That time I could see it was cigar-shaped, not round. I was curious as to whether or not other cars driving on the highway also saw it, but I guess I'll never know. I haven't seen it for quite some time now.;46.1483;-95.3199
