59 strange crafts with lights over Cambridge.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-04-17 22:04:00;69 minutes;59 strange crafts with lights over Cambridge I was outside looking northwest, talking with my husband, when I looked up and saw approximately nine circular objects moving in a formation from the west to the Northeast. I was dumbfounded so I told my husband to look up and he saw it too. They were similar to the look of a satellite that you see in the night sky.  They were moving slower than that however. I began to count the amount that I saw and in overtime it was 59 total. They initially started in large groups and then slowly went down to three, two, and then single crafts. The two that I saw together moved simultaneously from the west to northwest next to each other. At the same time that these crafts were moving I began to see two other crafts from the south to the north that crossed paths with these other objects. I then knew for sure that they were not Aircrafts. The to the cross the Paz, flash really bright lights for about two seconds, and then went black flashed again and went black.  I also sa! w in the horizon directly to the north two very bright lights that look like an explosion that went horizontally across the horizon from the east to the west. These were unlike any sort of shooting star or meteorite I have ever seen before. I decided to call my sister and my mom who live an hour south of me, they both went outside and saw the same things I was seeing. When I was on the phone with my sister one of the single crafts close to the end of the group, became very bright, I describe it the brightness of the sun and then turned completely black. My sister on the phone saw the exact same thing. I then knew that these were not Aircrafts if she is an hour south of me and she is seeing the same thing. At around 1113 I didn’t see any more so I decided to go back inside.  During this time, I did see one airplane, that I heard and saw different lights on it. It was very distinct. These objects were not like that at all and made no sound.;45.5563;-93.2836000000001
