Formation of about 20 lights in the sky above NW Houston 12:30 am November 5th, 2006.  ((NUFORC Note:  Witness highly qualified.  PD));2006-11-05 01:00:00;10 minutes;Formation of about 20 lights in the sky above NW Houston 12:30 am November 5th, 2006 November 15, 2006									  National UFO Center  Report from sighting on November 5, 2006 at approximately 12:30am   I live in Tomball, Texas… northwest of Houston about 40 miles. I am 44 years old. I was asked to give my credentials and experience with a couple of projects at NASA and Lockheed Martin. I have been a graphics designer for over 20 years and have done several special projects for NASA. One being the Consolidated Space Operations project, CSOC, in the early 90’s.  Also, I designed and edited the White Sands Missile Range Project proposal, the first full color proposal ever presented to NASA by Lockheed Martin.   I was educated on space operations, satellites, etc, etc. I was exposed to and had access to many reports about ongoing UFO projects and experiments involving NASA.  I know that I am not an expert but I believe that I know more than the average observer and have a bit more of an open mind to the possibilities.  Also, my father is a retired commercial airline pilot and has taught me a lot about space, meteorology and what is and is not ‘possible’.  We have watched many planes in the sky. I consider myself a liberal thinker and am not ignorant nor naive to the possibilities beyond my comprehension. I spend a lot of time outside at night observing the sky and know the difference between airplanes, satellites, stars and ‘flocks of geese’! I was certainly not expecting or looking for what I saw, but I can assure you that it was none of the before mentioned!!  I have never seen what I am about to do my best to explain to you or anything remotely similar and am very interested to know if there were any other reports of the same.  My eighteen year old daughter and I were outside at about 12:30 am that night. The sky was clear, the moon appeared to be full with a large, hazy circle around it and was directly above us, a bit northwest. There were a few clouds and scattered stars. We were looking southeast in the sky and noticed a bright light moving rapidly. It appeared to be at least 40 thousand feet up, perhaps higher. It was moving at a high rate of speed. In less than 5 minutes it had gone from just above the tree line, our horizon line, to directly above us.  To describe it best is to say that the ones that were closest to us were shaped much like an ant’s body, two parts connected. We first saw one and thought it to be a satellite. I know the basic movements in conjunction with Earth and placement of the satellites and these were much too close in placement to be satellites. I considered the fact that it was much too fast and much too high to be an airplane. As we were looking I noticed another one a little further south, then another further east. There were 4 or 5 all together at about the same height and were spread out across the sky and moving at the same rate of speed.  As I was watching and trying to somehow justify and explain them I noticed just beyond these were another ‘layer’ several thousand feet above them (smaller and dimmer) moving at the same rate of speed and the same direction. As we were watching I noticed another 3 or 4 come out from the tree line into view. They seemed to be following the others…again, at the same rate of speed and closer, as the first 4 or 5. In total there were at least 20, perhaps more in the distance. All moving the same direction, in a wide-spread, horizontal formation and all going the same rate of speed. Within 5 minutes they were all directly above us.  My daughter became frightened when I was not able to ‘explain’ them to her and went into the house. I watched them for just another minute or so and went in to report them. It was then that I found your website. I made the call the next morning and was called back on Monday, November 6th and asked to give this report.  I apologize for taking an extra few days to get you my account. I am, however, very interested to know of anyone else that saw them that night or any other night.  I am encouraging my daughter to put together her own account of what we saw that evening. It has opened her eyes to the possibilities beyond explanation. We have spoken a lot about what we witnessed and are positive it was something worth doing our best to report. Thank you for the work that you are doing.;30.0709589285714;-95.6327630952382
