Four straight ,horizontal lights on one 40-60' structure, 150-200 ft in the air just above the tree line (Tomball TX);2010-01-08 19:00:00;10-15 SECONDS;Four straight ,horizontal lights on one 40-60' structure, 150-200 ft in the air just above the tree line (Tomball TX) I was driving home down the same road I have traveled hundreds of times before for the past 5 years.  When I came around a slight curve, just before a long straight away, I noticed lights ahead of me and to the right just above the tree line.  The lights were not immensely bright, like a star or a spot light, but more like soft, white lights seen in recessed fixtures, which these looked very similar to.  There were four lights in a straight, horizontal line, with equal distance inbetween each light(approx. 10-15 ft)and seemed to be fixed in relation to one another.  Since there is only an empty pasture in the area the lights were over, it struck me as very odd to see them there.   While attempting to grasp an idea of what type of aircraft would be that low (150-200 ft approx) I was assuming I would see a newly constructed drilling rig in the field with an illuminated light platform.   But as I approached, slowing down to get a better look, I realized the object! seemed to be moving southwest towards my north-northwest approach.  My wife, who was just ahead of me in another vehicle, did not see the lights at all as she passed.  There was a vehicle right behind me on this two lane road,so I couldn't stop - as I wanted to.  Instead I slowed to a crawl as I reached the spot the lights were hovering or flying by, leaning forward as much as possible to see to my right if I could see a structure attaching the lights.  At the same time I rolled my window down to see if I could hear a jet engine or roto blades as I passed.  The only thing I could hear was my truck engine and the road.  I believe the object passed over me from the passenger side as  I passed the spot I originally saw them at.  I looked back over my right shoulder to see if I could see the back side of the lights and I couldn't see anything.  I drove into my neighborhood, constantly looking back to see if I could see anything and there was nothing there.  My wife and I grabb! ed a video camera from the house and drove back out minutes la! ter to s ee if we could see anything at all and there was nothing else unusual.  The next day we drove down the same road several times, taking pictures of the area the lights were seen.  By estimating the one stand of trees just in front of the lights, I would guess the lights were just above them at 150-200 ft. above the ground.  The night I saw the lights was very clear, no clouds.  Intercontinental Airport is due east of my house and the local airport is northwest of it. Planes were all around that night, but at about 3500 ft at the lowest.;30.0709589285714;-95.6327630952382
