alien / monster;2003-12-09 00:50:00;30 seconds;alien / monster MONSTER/or/ALIEN This thing was a dull aluminum color.....really close to being grey... my first description of this after this event happened was it looked like some bent up closehanger creature or a big aluminum colored cockroach man ( i think due to the contorted limbs) it had very long legs and it looked like it was running on its knees (sorta like reverse cockroach legs). when standing this thing would be about 7 feet tall.  We saw no face or eyes and it was hunched over as it ran. originally it was so low to the ground it did look like a deer, until it ran by the truck. When this thing ran it was just about leaning at a 45 degree angle.  It moved so fast that you really couldnt see its legs moving...it was more like scurrying. it looked like it had some sort of arms, and i didnt really see wings...but it was moving as if it could of had wings... this thing moved faster and ran further than anything living that i have ever seen..  Other descriptions i can give...ever seen pumpkinhead?  it had a body similar to that...or like an IMP, but only taller   ?What happned? Ok, so me and my friend are driving down a 2 lane highway this is all flat land for the most part.. and it was not really near any houses...there were traintracks on the other side of the road. at 12:50am early Tuesday morning.  I was driving about 55 mph and saw something that i assumed was a deer that almost ran infront of us...and then i slowed down a little to probably 40mph. because you expect more than one deer when u see them.... i said to my friend did u see that we almost hit a deer?  He said ya, i saw something all of a sudden.. something zooms by the passenger side door(10foot from the passenger side door) up to about 30 feet in front of the truck...He and I were both like WTF is that?!?!?  Holy SH*!!! My friend was like get the f* out of here... I sped up to about 65mph and passed the thing ....and looked over my shoulder...to the back of my truck.. and it was behind it where it could probably see the tail lights... then it catches up to beside the passenger side door (still 10foot away) and was running along side of us for a good 4 seconds w/o losing any ground...then it zoomed up past the truck again, to about 20 feet in front of us and jumped straight into the air and disappeared.  This all took about 30 seconds.  that is the end of the good stuff...we were both scared and booked it home.....I will NEVER forget what happened.  *My friends theory*  ...he thought it was an alien..here is what he said....Imagine an alien exploring a field and taking samples and what not...he looks up and sees a vehicle with headlights/tail lights...he may have never seen one before..so he runs towards it and realizes how fast it is going...so stops before he hits it or he gets hit....then he decides to follow it and possibly overshoots it and runs up ahead of it... we speed up and get ahead of it...then he decides to (run along side and get a look?) or(see how fast we are moving?)  then for some reason he decides to run up again and jump to who knows where.  *one of my theorys*.... I can see my friends theory , but I have also considered the possibility that maybe it was somekind of monster.. maybe long since forgotten in the world...and i really think that it was F*ing w/ us...maybe we crossed its path... who knows...  We will never know what it was...but I really don't see myself going back to this spot at night.   any questions? Did I miss a simple detail? MONSTER/or/ALIEN This thing was a dull aluminum color.....really close to being grey... my first description of this after this event happened was it looked like some bent up closehanger creature or a big aluminum colored cockroach man ( i think due to the contorted limbs) it had very long legs and it looked like it was running on its knees (sorta like reverse cockroach legs). when standing this thing would be about 7 feet tall.  We saw no face or eyes and it was hunched over as it ran. originally it was so low to the ground it did look like a deer, until it ran by the truck. When this thing ran it was just about leaning at a 45 degree angle.  It moved so fast that you really couldnt see its legs moving...it was more like scurrying. it looked like it had some sort of arms, and i didnt really see wings...but it was moving as if it could of had wings... this thing moved faster and ran further than anything living that i have ever seen..  Other descriptions i can give...ever seen pumpkinhead?  it had a body similar to that...or like an IMP, but only taller   ?What happned? Ok, so me and my friend are driving down a 2 lane highway this is all flat land for the most part.. and it was not really near any houses...there were traintracks on the other side of the road. at 12:50am early Tuesday morning.  I was driving about 55 mph and saw something that i assumed was a deer that almost ran infront of us...and then i slowed down a little to probably 40mph. because you expect more than one deer when u see them.... i said to my friend did u see that we almost hit a deer?  He said ya, i saw something all of a sudden.. something zooms by the passenger side door(10foot from the passenger side door) up to about 30 feet in front of the truck...He and I were both like WTF is that?!?!?  Holy SH*!!! My friend was like get the f* out of here... I sped up to about 65mph and passed the thing ....and looked over my shoulder...to the back of my truck.. and it was behind it where it could probably see the tail lights... then it catches up to beside the passenger side door (still 10foot away) and was running along side of us for a good 4 seconds w/o losing any ground...then it zoomed up past the truck again, to about 20 feet in front of us and jumped straight into the air and disappeared.  This all took about 30 seconds.  that is the end of the good stuff...we were both scared and booked it home.....I will NEVER forget what happened.  *My friends theory*  ...he thought it was an alien..here is what he said....Imagine an alien exploring a field and taking samples and what not...he looks up and sees a vehicle with headlights/tail lights...he may have never seen one before..so he runs towards it and realizes how fast it is going...so stops before he hits it or he gets hit....then he decides to follow it and possibly overshoots it and runs up ahead of it... we speed up and get ahead of it...then he decides to (run along side and get a look?) or(see how fast we are moving?)  then for some reason he decides to run up again and jump to who knows where.  *one of my theorys*.... I can see my friends theory , but I have also considered the possibility that maybe it was somekind of monster.. maybe long since forgotten in the world...and i really think that it was F*ing w/ us...maybe we crossed its path... who knows...  We will never know what it was...but I really don't see myself going back to this spot at night.   any questions? Did I miss a simple detail?;37.169;-89.6465
