Encounter of the third kind.;2016-06-01 15:00:00;10 seconds;encounter of the third kind First, this is not a false submission.  I have not enclosed my full information because I do not want to be contacted or have attention brought to me.  I have provided a alternative email I use and any necessary follow up can be submitted though there.  I do not want to disclose my full name.  This event indeed happened to me.  I am submitting this report so if any other submissions align with it you will know it corroborates.  As I do not want to waste your time or mine.  I barely want to fill this report out.  But feel I probably should anyway.  If nothing else to help. The date of the event I do not recall.  I know it was a couple years ago.  I have only disclosed this experience with one of my close friends.  Now to start with the report. It was late in the evening.  I remember it being around summer, from the warm weather.  It was late in the evening.  But not dark out.  I stay with my parents and help take care of them. This day was no different than any other.  Being late in the evening they usually lay down to sleep early in the day and I relax in my recliner and browse the internet on my computer in my room.  I remember that I started getting sleepy.  As I was relaxed back in the chair about to doze off.  Looking at my screen on the computer I noticed something moving in the doorway in my periphery. My computer desk is directly to the right of the doorway on the same wall.  Just about 2-3 foot away.  So I became fully aware that something was coming into the room.  I thought it might be my mother waking up and to come check on me.  She is short in stature around 5 Ft.  But I suddenly realized that the door knob on the door was chest to neck high to this thing. My door was slightly open just about 12 inches the best I can remember.  From the shock of becoming aware.  I immediately woke up from my stupor and began to focus.  My reaction by nature is fight not flight.  My adrenaline started building as I am discovering the details.  The creature was 3-4 foot tall, larger head, and brown skin.  I recall the eyes being black. Kind of like the typical grey reports and kind of resembled it but the eye shape was different.  It appeared to have no clothing and the skin was slightly wrinkled.  As far as digits, I couldn't get a count on them. My chair is roughly 5-6 foot away from the door.  As I started to raise up to get out of my chair.  This thing some how came through my cracked door with out moving it and covered 5-6 feet in just 1-2 seconds.  At this point I had eye to eye contact as it touched my left forearm that was still resting on the recliner.  I suddenly felt calm and like I was under sleeping gas.  I remember continuing to watch it as my body relaxed and eyes closed.  I do not recall anything after that other than waking up and immediately going to check on my parents.  They was asleep and 1-2 hours passed to the best of my recollection. I kept it to myself for a long while thinking I imagined it quite frankly.  But I know that it was not a vivid dream, I was in fact fully awake.  I don't know what else I could provide with this report.  But maybe it helps with someone else's. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));36.7445;-84.1399
