As a child saw lights in the woods and had an encounter with being;1972-06-01 00:00:00;hours;As a child saw lights in the woods and had an encounter with being   I was born in April of 1968 and I think I was about 4-5 upon this happening.  I lived in Oxford, Michigan and for an unknown reason I woke in the middle of the night, I do not know the time, however I was drawn to the window.  I looked out the window and saw a very bright light land in the gravel pit behind my house.  I figure it was about a mile out… Once the bright light landed it did illuminate enough to see a glow in the woods. (Just beyond the dig section of the pit).  I honestly cannot remember how I was drawn, but I was drawn outside.  If I had to guess, I would say it was a sound or frequency that drew me outdoors.  I remember knowing I was not supposed to be out of bed let alone outside, but was heavily drawn.  Upon entering the backyard, I was greeted by a Being.  It was slightly taller than me with a long neck, oversized head and large oval shaped eyes, long fingers and toes.  The feet were bear, but honestly do not recall clothing.  The overall color of the skin was grey/green.  When I came upon it, it took my hand and we proceeded across the yard to the back fence.  Once I passed the fence into the woods heading out.. I do not recall a thing.  But what I do remember is a feeling of warmth, friendliness and curiosity on both our parts.  I felt no fear and felt hugely curious.  I remember that my feet felt cool and damp and I remember very clearly the sounds of the night, and the feel of the warm yet slightly cool damp air.  There was very little breeze.  It must have been mid to late summer.  I had not thought of that night until I was around 15 or 16 years old when my mother and I went into a book store and I saw the book Communion for the first time.  I started hyperventilating and feeling dizzy and week in the knees as the memory flooded back.  The major difference in looks is that the grey on the cover of Communion is a sinister looking being, when my experience was much different.  I petty much put the whole thing out of my head and avoided anything regarding Alien abductions, whether it was books or movies for years.  I now feel so far removed from the experience that I am comfortable relating it.  I don’t know what it means or if anything happened or even if it really happened.  Was it possible it was a dream?  I did once talk to a hypnotist when I was in my early 20’s and described my memory to her.  She was a Stop Smoking therapist and did Abduction Hypnotherapy also.  She indicated that based on her experience, my details were too heavy and too much physical memory for it to be just a dream.  She wanted very much for me to follow up with her, but I never did.  I have done very little research, as I was checking out sites on the web I came across you site and decided to throw the information out there and see what came back.  Perhaps this is the time for me to do further investigation on this and determine if it were real or not.  I see that in 1966 there were a number of sightings in Michigan.  However that was years before my time.  So here is your information.  Do with it what you will.  If it ties into other types of reports, perhaps this will be of benefit.  If not, I know that nothing will come from this report. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that date of the event is approximate.  PD));42.8194571743925;-83.2830006622524
Bright, starlike, round object, rising from eastern horizon.  Stopped moved left and right.  Became brighter.  Winked out,;2009-09-08 20:15:00;20 seconds;Bright, starlike, round object, rising from eastern horizon.  Stopped moved left and right.  Became brighter.  Winked out, While relaxing and sitting on the outside rear deck of our home, the sun was setting due west, I was looking towards the eastern horizon.  The sky was clear and I was enjoying the perfect evening and talking with my wife and at that moment I noticed a bright star or I thought was a star, moving very slowly up the eastern horizon.  As I continued to track its rise to a viewing angle of just about over our heads, tracking east to west, I tried to fix its position with the top of our table umbrella support to make sure it was not my head movement that was causing me to think it was a false sighting.  I wanted to confirm what I was seeing.   At that very moment the very bright yellow glow, stopped moving completely and remained very bright. I confirmed its position again and at the same time it moved from a stopped, motionless position and then moved left of its east to west track by 5 degrees, stopped again, and then moved 5 degrees to the right.  Tracking its rise from east to west, stopped over our heads, glowing, then moving north and then south and then moving back to where it’s original stopped position. At that point the glowing object, very round, got brighter and then it started to dim.  At that moment it produced 8 bright lights at its edges, aimed right at us and then winked out.   Absolutely no sound or noise of any kind.   Very, very high altitude.  It disappeared completely.  This happened within 20 seconds!   I am very familiar with aircraft from our Metropolitan airport and high altitude passenger and private aircraft making their way, over our house, contrails and all, to eastern and western destinations.  I travel extensively for business and I was in the USAF.  I have never seen anything like this.   There were no other visible aircraft in the area at the time of this event.   I am writing this to find an explanation and maybe someone else will step forward to confirm what my wife and I witnessed.;42.8194571743925;-83.2830006622524
Two bright lights moving in formation in sky.;2014-05-06 03:58:00;30 seconds;two bright lights moving in formation in sky I saw two lights in the sky that I noticed moving and at first I thought they were satellites, but then they lit up and grew bigger, to at least four times their original size and brightness.   The lights were moving together in the sky in formation at a slow speed.  They started to fade out so I ran inside the house to get my phone to take a picture and when I got back outside about 15 to 20 seconds later, the lights had completely disappeared.;42.8194571743925;-83.2830006622524
Bright light with red tail that makes a gliding movement across the sky whenever it moves.;2020-07-01 02:30:00;1 + hours;Bright light with red tail that makes a gliding movement across the sky whenever it moves. A bright light (about same brightness as other stars) was visible in the eastern sky.  The light stood out because it appeared to have a red “tail”.  We observed it for over an hour.  Whatever it was seemed to make a gliding movement across the sky whenever it moved (kind of like how a submarine moves).  The object moved across the sky in a west to northwest direction.  It did not ever appear to move very fast.;42.8194571743925;-83.2830006622524
