Early mourning sighting;2005-06-13 03:45:00;10 seconds;Early mourning sighting I woke up for no reason, to look out my bedroom window and see a very bright round circular UFO traveling north to south. I live in the Sanbernardino mountains and the skys are very clear with very little light polution. Outside my bedroom I can see millions of stars at night. There is a large cedar tree about 25 feet from my window that blocks some of my view. As I woke up to see this object, it was very peculiar because of it's size. I see jet plane, helicopters, etc. all the time up here and can tell the difference between them very easily. I have also had many encounters with UFO's in my past and I know what to look for and what many of the types look like. As this bright white object traveled, it went about a slow as a satelight moves. I see many of them also but this light was much bigger and was a lot lower in the horizon then satelights. This object faded out a few times then got brighter. Just as it went behind the big cedar tree, I lost sight of it for a while but because I knew this was no ordinary object, I got out of bed to go out on the deck to see it emerge from the other side of the tree. I was tempted to wake up my wife but I didn't want to lose sight of it, so I stayed there watching it. Now as it emerged from behind the tree, it did something very common of UFO's. It stayed bright and I could make out it's shape as a circle with no haze or glow around it. It was completely circular and contained it's brightness within it self. It was much brighter then the stars and the brightness was steady and not twinklely like stars. Then, it began to dim and them brighten up again then dim. Now its was fading, not moving fast, just fading until it completely disapeared within a second right before my eyes. I watched to see if it would appear again down further, but it didn't. It just went out of sight. But before it completely dissapeared, it faded into catregories of brightness. The more it faded the more I could see it was completely round until it dissapeared completely, almost as if it went from very bright to a transparency with just the outline of the circle about it. It was strange but very exciting at the same time. Also this UFO made no sound what so ever. I am an avid UFO watcher and always look up to ketch a glimps of one of these wonders. For some reason, I was woke up at the right time to witness one of these UFO's. This will be the 4th UFO that I  have seen since I've lived up here in the last 11 years. MY son has seen 2 of them also. We often go outside at night to look for them. This is one of my favorite past times. I have also written a full report of a very close encounter of the fourth kind that happened to me in 1963. There were many witnesses to this particular UFO that made the headlines in the local papers. I was 14 at the time and a UFO actually gave me a ride in it's craft. I talked to it's occupants and can veryfy every bit of it! If you would like to read this account look up 1963, New Kensington, Pa. I am 54 now and own a catering business called ((name deleted)) in Southern California. I have many true stories of UFO's that would blow most peoples minds so be prepared for the mind jarring instances. If you would like to contact me via email, please do. No crackpots please! ((e-address deleted)) My name is ((name deleted));34.2423;-117.2748
Approximately 50 UFOs were seen traveling at a tremendous speed southward in the night sky over Crestline, California around 9 p.m. on;2021-05-31 21:15:00;00:02;Approximately 50 UFOs were seen traveling at a tremendous speed southward in the night sky over Crestline, California around 9 p.m. on Sunday, May 31. I have seen a single UFO in the past during a July 4th fireworks show in Crestline, California in 2003, but never anything like this.;34.2423;-117.2748
