Bright UFO between 2 jets;2010-03-15 07:00:00;2 minutes;Bright UFO between 2 jets UFO Sighting Report     March 15/2010     by ((name deleted)) I was going to my first day of training for the US Census which was to take place in Green Valley Lake which is in the San Bernardino Mountains of California.  I live in Crestline, California. My training started at 8:00am so I had to leave Crestline about 7:00am.  As I was leaving my home, traveling East along Lake Drive, close to Lake Gregory, I spotted three objects in the morning sky. It was a clear day and the sun was rising. I was about a block from having to make a right turn onto Lake Gregory Drive towards Hwy 18 when I spotted 3 flying objects.  I immediately slowed down and glanced in the rear view mirror for just and instant to see if there were any cars behind me.  I knew I had to make a turn at the stop sign and would possibly lose sight of them, so I milked the moment and took my time getting to the stop sign.  The objects were right in front of me and I had a perfect view through the front windshield.   2 of the objects were jets and the other was a bright glowing ! disc or sphere like UFO which was traveling right in between the 2 jets, flying about the same speed.  The jets had their after burners on and I could see the exhaust trail very clearly behind them.  The UFO on the other hand had no after burner or exhaust of any kind.  They were about 2:00 high and about 30,000 to 40,000 feet up.  The jets were small in comparison to the UFO which seemed to be about twice their size. The UFO looked like a bright planet or star, which is what I thought it was at first, but then I realized because it was right in the middle between the two jets and moving along with them, it could be neither.  Because the UFO was so bright, I thought the UFO might be reflecting the morning sun but the jets undersides were not reflecting the sun so I deduced that the UFO was lit up on its own accord. I could very well be wrong about that but I figured that the jets being a much duller silver would have been lit up by the sun as well, but they weren’t. I couldn’t ! tell if they were Military jets but they appeared to be so. Th! ey defin itely were not passenger planes and they were moving much to fast.  At first the UFO was centered on each side of the two wings of the both jets then as a few seconds passed, it lagged behind a little until it was near there tails.  I could make out the UFO more clearly then the jets because it was very bright and much larger and round. The contrast was exiting. I estimated the distance between the two jets and the UFO to be about a ½ mile to a mile on each side. The UFO seemed to darken a little from a bright starry silver to a shiny metallic silver. At one point it looked as if it had blinked off and on very quickly, right before it disappeared. It also seemed to get brighter right before it blinked out. This happened right before my eyes as the two jets kept on the same direction. I was amazed when it did this but this was not the first time I have seen UFO’s and I have seen them make this kind of maneuver before.  In fact I have seen them much closer as close as 100 feet! .  Back to this sighting, I was glued to this UFO the whole time then it was just gone. This happened right before I made the right turn onto Lake Gregory Drive. I watched a bit more and waited to see if the UFO would blink back in but it did not. As I continued to visually follow the jets I felt a thump as I went off the road onto a burm that was on the right. This happened about a block after I made the right turn. This spectacle had my full attention and I was fortunate that I didn’t hit anything on the right side of me other then dirt.  I put on the brakes and came to a stop along side the road, still not taking my eyes of the 2 jets. The 2 jets kept on flying in the same direction with the after burners still on and then gradually they disappeared over the top of the mountain ridge. This took about another minute. I also noted that the exhaust contrail behind the jets were the same, which was about two inches long, so I assumed they didn’t change there speed during the! entire sighting. The jets also did not change direction or di! stance f rom each other the entire time. I concluded that the jets where either escorting this UFO or chasing it. In any case because the UFO fell behind a bit of the jets and the jets didn’t slow down with it, it appeared that the UFO was in full control of the situation. I continued to watch a bit more after the jets and their exhausts contrails were gone hoping the UFO might appear somewhere else, but it didn’t as far as I could see. I had to get to my training class and drive a little faster to make up for the lost time. I did not tell anyone at training but I did tell my family when I got home. Later on that week, I told a couple friends who are UFO buffs. It was an interesting sighting to say the least.;34.2423;-117.2748
Seen circular object with 1 circular light in the middle. Also 2 strips of lights on the side. Went straight up into the sky.;2016-03-29 19:39:00;20 seconds;Seen circular object with 1 circular light in the middle.   Also 2 strips of lights on the side.  Went straight up into the sky.;34.2423;-117.2748
