Light with purposeful maneuvering;2001-06-30 21:00:00;6 minutes;Light with purposeful maneuvering To confirm what others have stated here, I too witnessed the circling light above the fireworks being displayed that night. It came in from the east and circled three times before it went west toward the Pacific Ocean where it split into two distinct lights. While circling Lake Gregory there was a jumbo jet in the back ground that appeared to be standing still in the air with its flashing tail light only because of the unidentified light those of us on the ground were observing. Because of my stunned state of being at the moment, I could not accurately gauge the time in seconds for which the object was moving but did use the distant airliner as a measure. Unlike the other eyewitnesses I will say that it took approximately 30 to 40 seconds for each pass that would have encompassed at least 4 miles in girth. In addition there was no sound barrier broke. Professionally I'm a ((deleted--military)) Analyst and have been in the military for the last ((number deleted--decades of service)) years. I've worked around aircraft during much of this time. I'm not one for believing in concoctions or conspiracies but I know what I witnessed that evening. The speed at which this vehicle was moving at would have made it impossible for any human being to stand against the velocity of force required. I've come to three conclusions as to what I personally witnessed: 1) It's origination is from this planet from technology that must provide an anti-gravitational device to allow it's human occupants to survive after all, the SR-71 which comes from our 50's technology had the ability to have it's skin 'stretch' during high velocity speeds. The Aurora project comes to mind. 2) There truly are beings in which God has created that have the ability to extend past their worlds. After all, it would be rather arrogant for us to believe that God wouldn't create life other than our own here on earth. 3) There is the possibility that time is being manipulated here. We've proven that time can be slowed as one approaches light speed so why could it not be stepped out of. Our mathematics shows us there are at least 42 dimensions in space yet we can only realize 4 here on this planet. Here's a site were one can view so much of the universe we've yet to truly understand in our limited minds. http://www.nasa.gov;34.2423;-117.2748
