A large black triangle with three lights that hovered around us for over 2 hours.  A solid object that made no sound.;2016-08-11 23:45:00;2 hours;A large black triangle with three lights that hovered around us for over 2 hours. A solid object that made no sound. My daughter and I went out to view the Perseid Meteor Shower late on Thursday, August 11, at a small park in Rochester N.H., and while we were looking overhead toward the South we spotted a small light moving slowly in all directions.  As we watched we realized it wasn’t moving away from us.  After a few minutes we realized it was shaped like a triangle with a bright light toward the front and two dimmer, green-tinted lights in the back.  We also noticed that there were very faint green lines forming the triangle and connecting the three dots.  It was a solid object and the lights never changed distances from one another. The movement did not resemble a helicopter, airplane, satellite, drone or anything we had ever seen fly in the area before.  It made no noise that we could hear and it clearly had nothing to do with the meteor shower. It in no way looked like a shooting star.  Sometimes it moved quickly to the left or right.  Sometimes it moved forward in the direction of the brightest light and then backed away in the direction of the two green lights.  However, it always remained above us with no real pattern of movement. We were in an open field surrounded by trees and it remained above the open area from 11:45 p.m. on Aug. 11, and we left the scene on Aug. 12 at 1:57 a.m. At one point it seemed to not only move toward the spot where we were sitting, but down towards us.  It then quickly backed away again to its original spot in the sky. While it did move some distance, it never left our sight and was almost always directly above our heads. I made phone calls to the Pease Air Force base nearby and asked them to look to see if they saw anything on radar or any other equipment.  However, they said they could only see flight plans and transponders.  The man on the phone said he would look into our sighting further. We also called the Rochester Police Department and they responded with three vehicles.  The officers observed our UFO and somewhat laughed it off, but nicely.  Both the police officers and the man from the Pease Air Force Base wondered if it might be a drone, but I do not know of any drones that are solid, triangular with three lights.  It flew in so many directions for such a long period of time and made no noise of any kind.  In any event, our sighting was documented by an airport and the local police. Through the entire event the object never moved very quickly, but it did change speeds and stop and start again. My daughter noticed that there was a grey coloring in the solid area between the lights.  She also so on the side of the triangle lights, smaller rectangular lights separated almost like windows. This was the first UFO sighting that either of us has ever experienced. We saw no evidence of aliens. All we saw was the object itself. From what the police told me later, they had many calls from other citizens who saw the ufo and one called this national reporting hotline as well. The police also said that Rochester has no drones nor does the New Hampshire State Police.  They also said that the military would have informed them of any surveillance going on in the city.  They had  no military notifications that night. ((ADDENDUM #1 FROM WITNESS)) Here are two of our pictures...Only the bright light in the front of the triangle was visible on the phone camera picture but there it is. We have other pictures but they all look similar. We tried taking video and I'll look at those next as well. Here are the two pictures we managed to get.  ((END ADDENDUM #1)) ((ADDENDUM #2 FROM WITNESS)) Hi Peter,  This is my written report that I put together when I got home the night of Aug. 12.  From what my daughter said you  may not have received it.  The written report that you received, while it was happening, was hers.  She said it was mine because she was embarrassed to put her name on anything.  I'm going to send it in this e-mail with an attached microsoft word document as well.  ((NUFORCE Note:  Witness alludes to report which appears above.  PD)) ((END ADDENDUM #2)) ((ADDENDUM #3 FROM WITNESS)) We first saw it on Aug. 11 at 11:45 p.m. and kept on watching it until almost 2 a.m. on Aug. 12.  If it makes it easier we saw it for more time on Aug. 12.  Hope this helps. ((END ADDENDUM #3)) ((ADDENDUM #4 FROM WITNESS)) I'm really glad to help.  I've never dreamed of seeing anything so weird in my life and I want to know what others think of it.  The thing that strikes me most is that I never heard of a black triangle up to our sighting.  I have since done a lof of research and see they have been around a long long time, before any drones were in the hands of the public.  I truly don't believe that huge triangle was a citizen's drone.  It was something much more.  It was just too big and too quiet.  I saw a video from Concord, NH, with a triangle that was similar to ours, but it was taken in daytime.  There have been so many of these sightings in NH and the East Coast.  Why is that?  Very very interesting and very very strange. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((ADDENDUM #5 FROM WITNESS)) It was much larger than the moon in the sky above us.  To me it seemed as big as a football field, maybe a few football fields, high in the sky and way above the trees.  It flew higher than the small planes.  It dwarfed the small planes that flew around us all night.  As it hovered over us, we got very nervous, even scared, as it moved lower towards us, almost like we feared it was going to fall on us.  My daughter was making strange noises for a short portion of the 2 hours we saw it.  I also remember my heart racing a few times and my hands were trembling like I had too much caffeine?  My voice was trembling when I talked to you on the hotline, and it was hard to catch my breath.  I had a sick feeling in my stomach, but I was so excited to see it at the same time.  She wanted to leave but I wouldn't go.  I couldn't take my eyes off the thing.  I also forgot to mention that at the end it did move out of the area very slowly to the North and out of our view.  The police saw the tail end of it all.  Actually it seemed to move away more directly when the police cars arrived in the parking lot with their headlights and flashlights aimed at the object.  ((END ADDENDUM));43.3013078947368;-70.9758394736842
((Daughter's report))  3 lights connected by lines of light.  Can't see stars though it.  Moves in all directions.;2016-08-12 00:50:00;1 hour+;3 lights connected by lines of light.  Can't see stars though it.  Moves in all directions.  Clearly not a plane, helicopter, or satellite We were looking for shooting stars by the Isanglass River and we saw something moving sparatically, so we watched it and it's stayed in the same area but moves all around.  There is one white bright light and two green ones in a formation of a triangle.  There seems to be lines of light between the three triangular points of lights  It moves all around and the bright white light seems to be the front of it.  It's pretty big too.  Sometimes it stops then moves fast again.  It's been here for over an hour over our heads.  It sways back and forth and sometimes backs up and goes forward.  There's no stars showing between the three lights which suggets a solid object. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other two reports, submitted by August 15, 2016.  Several members of the Rochester Police Department also witnessed the object, according to the witnesses.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Photo forwarded by source of report appears to show no sign of anomalous objects overhead.  Rochester Police Department has no record of multiple police vehicles being dispatched to the area of the alleged sighting.  PD));43.3013078947368;-70.9758394736842
