It was a white light flying SE to NW across the field of vision which I cannot identify.;2014-06-18 23:00:00;1 minute;It was a white light flying SE to NW across the field of vision which I cannot identify. It may have been an Earth satellite, but I can't imagine why they would put lights on satellites.  It was a distant dim white light flying SE to NW, but was definitely not an airplane whereas I view airplanes frequently in the night sky and am familiar with their lights (most airplanes have white lights on the wings, a red and/or blue light in the front, and a strobe light with a very specific frequency).   I do not think it was a comet because it was moving too fast across the field of vision, in line with the speed of most airplanes and it did not have a tail.  It was not a firefly because it did not flash.  It was not a star, also because it was moving too fast across the field of vision.  I also can rule out the possibility of a meteor, because it was a dim whereas I have seen shooting stars and they generally are bright white and flash somewhat quickly across the sky.   This light was much dimmer, but still quite visible and moving quite quick! ly AND I was so certain about what I was seeing that I immediately came inside to find out what time it was.  It could have been a satellite, but it seems that satellites should remain stationary above the Earth's surface to serve their purpose for communication, so I would call it a UFO very specifically an Unidentified Flying Object, because I could not identify it and because it was flying, but I can not call it a craft.   Personally, I have looked for UFOs as sort of a joke to myself before because I have believed for some time that extraterrestrial life is quite possible (for 3 or 4 years in earnest).  Since I have become unemployed, I walk frequently on a rural but what I consider to be safe dead end street.  There are few obstructing lights, so I can often see the sky fairly well.  Once or twice last year, I made a game of leaving Tic Tacs on the street as a gift so that I could return to see if they were still there.  I am a strong believer in evolution and I was an Engineering major for a while during college and had Astronomy in college and retain the textbook for reference.  Because I have a sense of evolution and evolutionary time, especially now that I am mostly absent from the alarm clock world, dinosaurs and ice ages seem to fit for me.  I have read most of the Bible and interpret Genesis and the story of Creation to be not contrary to evolutionary findings, but rather a poetic message from peoples of the past that they had observed that humanity was the most intelligent form of life, and, therefore, LAST on the evolutionary timeline.  As for God, I believe God is not to be argued about, but that does not mean that the writers of the Bible had considered other worlds - although I do know that the Torah mentions other worlds.  Also, I am familiar with the local night sky and can identify Venus, Mars, the Moon phases, and several constellations and am able to connect their movements in the sky with the Earth's movement around the sun.  Basically, unles! s this was a satellite, I think the movement was too regular to have been anything else, although it could have been an Earth aircraft with which I am unfamiliar although it appeared much higher and faster in comparison.;37.4595;-84.8528
Ball of light hovers for 2min them shoots straight up.;2015-10-15 01:00:00;5 minutes;Ball of light hovers for 2min them shoots straight up. It was spotted about 2mls away scanning treetops.  It looked like a star light or helicopter hovering the treeline.  After 2 minutes of hovering it shot straight up at a speed not known to exist in aircrafts.;37.4595;-84.8528
