The hovercraft that watched our game;1975-06-01 15:00:00;10mins? or more;The hovercraft that watched our game Hi, This happened when I was about 9 yrs old. My friends and I were playing in the field that we always played football in, in back of our houses. When we first saw this thing we kind of just tried to figure out what it was. One of my friends' older friends son was a pilot of some sort and had a type of cb setup or such in his basement that the old woman would let us kids see, so my friend said he would try and see if its locator could tell us what was in the area at the time. Everyone but me took off for dinner, and I just wanted to wait for my other friend to come back and tell me what it was. Everyone said our parents wouldnt believe us anyway, so whats the use? It was just hovering like over me and kept changing shapes, and one minute you could see it clearly and the next it would fade in and out. I thought they were all chicken-shits, and tomboy that I am I just studied it. My friend was taking too long, yet it was like it could tell I wasnt afraid of it and it didnt really want me to tell anyone. Then it backed up like a zoom and vanished. None of us ever said a word except me, it was like no one else remembered or something, and it was very strange. As it moved though, I remember that it did change not only its looks but shape and color of its windows also. I did not see any aliens or anything looking out, but when it was almost transparent, I still knew it was there and sometimes you could see an outline of sorts. There seemed to be a crystal kind of effect in there whan it was changing almost like it could radiate electricity of info that was bouncing on it or off it, like it could absorb info like that. And the windows sometimes went around the body in a certain shape fast then slow, slow then fast, and extremely fast at that. And those colors were like they werent really there either, like they were playing with them or making them up as they went until they got it right. Maybe they just liked the game we were playing and wanted to analize why we were. And maybe the lights were our score....or t! heir excitement, or that I was not afraid. I did not at any time feel afraid of them either, it was like I knew or should know who they were, or why they came to see me? I only know that just recently I have had the pleasure to see them up close checking me out in my sleep. And when I felt their presence I awoke to see a connect the dots kind of starman bending over me, and then a smaller one walking towards him, touching his arm telling him it was time to go now, and they did. I wish I knew if this was real. There is no history of anything weird in my family on both sides, and my friends will not talk about it further. When I mention it they sort of go blank and act like I never mentioned it. That is bizarre! Well, I hope that someday, when I go wherever it is we go & if we do, that I find out instead of just dwindling into the vast universe with no answer either. That would suck. Thanks for looking at this, enjoy, and I hope others can be there with me if they do seem to be nice....C-Ya  Me   P.S. Till this day it is like I still dont believe it myself what I saw like I am deprogrammed or jumbled or something like that & it feels weird to recall or try to but at the same time is still fresh in my memory- just plain wierd feeling. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
Golden orb follows car, then changes into black triangle ufo, stops , and waits for them to pass close by.;1998-01-01 23:00:00;5 minutes;Golden orb follows car, then changes into black triangle ufo, stops , and waits for them to pass close by. It was New Years day, 1998. Approximately 10:55 pm in Wisconsin, USA.  Three people were driving from Milwaukee to West Allis on a routine 20 minute drive to drop off a companion on a cold New Year's night. While on the apex of a bridge adjacent to an industrial area, the back passenger spotted a golden light, flashing at a rate of about 4 flashes per second, moderately high in the dark southwestern sky [see FIGURE 1]. It was about the size and color of a small, golden street light, fixed in the sky behind and to the left of the vehicle. The back-seat passenger alerted the driver and the front passenger to the peculiarity of the light, and they all thought it might be some sort of helicopter or star. As there was hardly any traffic, the driver slowed the vehicle down between 10 to 15 mph.  The object conspicuously glided down towards the ground and closer to the observers. It ceased flashing and became a solid gold-light orb [see FIGURE 2]. Now seeming to be only a few blocks away to their left (west), it began to parallel the movement of the vehicle—keeping up with its exact speed.. It was fairly low to the ground because it was somewhat being obscured by some thin tree branches (without leaves) along the roadside.  The vehicle, now having passed off the bridge, continued to move northbound towards a major intersection. As the driver slowed even more to get into the left-hand turn lane at a stop light, a red light rotated around the left side of the object, and then a blue light rotated around to the right side of the object. Both lights stopped at the visible edges and remained fixed at the object's respective sides for only a moment—disappearing within seconds [see FIGURE 3]. At this point the object was moving at its slowest. Because of the sudden appearance of the “police” lights and its speed, the witnesses concluded that it must be a police helicopter on a mission.  As the car sat at a complete stop in the left-hand turn lane, there were a few cars to the right of the vehicle. But people in those cars were not looking toward the object, which was traveling at a laborious pace very low to the ground (perhaps a 100 ft). It could barely be seen unless you were looking for it. As the object began to cross over the avenue they were going to turn onto (west), it now appeared to “branch out” into a string of five pale-white lights. It moved silently, almost at “walking speed”. The witnesses rationalized that it might be some sort of plane trying to make an emergency landing - but why land perpendicular to the street?  The lights suddenly stopped and became fixated directly above an estimated seven story factory building just two blocks away. The traffic light changed to green, and the driver finally turned left toward the object it was just up ahead. No other cars or people were out on this usually busy street. Curiosity and perplexity filled the witnesses as they moved closer to the building.  Finally, the car pulled over to the side of the road. The back passenger rolled down his window and stuck his head out of the car to observe what could be resting in the sky above. The other two people strained to get a good view from the front passenger window. What seemed like a string of lights from a few blocks away on approach were actually the lights on the front and underneath of a large, black, equilateral triangle object. The five lights shown down like baseball stadium lights, and were located at all three corners and in the middle of the two front sides [see FIGURE 4].  This large object was “fixed” in the air, producing absolutely no noise, movement, or flashing. Everything around them seemed so still, almost like they were in a vacuum and “weren’t supposed to be there.” The body of the triangle was colored charcoal-black, with a faint, grayish grove running along the front tip to the back center. There were visible sides: the edges showing a continuous grayish-black indentation with a slight overhang or lip. There also seemed to be very faint “circuit board” type etches on the body of the object. These apparent etchings were more apparent in the center grove on the “belly” of the triangle and within the groove or indentation along the sides. One witness later remarked that some of its features reminded him of a “Star Destroyer” space vehicle from the Star Wars movies.  After approximately 30 seconds of viewing the object, the driver became agitated and fearful, saying that they “have to get out of here.” He drove away and continued westbound on the avenue. When they left, the object left their point of view. But as they increased their distance at a block away, it came into view again in the back window, still fixated in the sky in the exact position last seen. Anyone else viewing the object might have passed and though nothing of it. It was so still and innocuous, that they probably would have thought it was part on the building complex. As the car passed over a hill a few blocks west of the object, it could not be seen any more. No other cars were observed on the road until about a half mile later.  The total experience was less than 5 minutes.  The three witnesses remained shaken for the rest of the night, with one of them insisting that it must be some sort of police helicopter performing a maneuver, and never wanting to talk about it again.  The most disturbing thing to the witness in the back seat was that even though he had been a big “UFO buff” from the time he was young, the word “UFO” or “alien” never entered his mind until after the triangle was completely out of view. He even had other UFO related experiences before this, but still cannot explain why he wasn’t “freaking out” at the time. The best explanation was that “he was denying it in his mind to keep his body from freaking out.”  The strangest element to the whole experience was the apparent personal awareness the object had to the witnesses. It got their attention by flashing, moved in and followed alongside the vehicle at a distance, changed forms, and seemed to wait for them and them only. ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
