five lights over wisconsin state fair;1993-08-20 20:00:00;about three minutes;five lights over wisconsin state fair well i was really young. see i am only 18 so i guessed on the date. i was at the wisconsin state fair with my neighbors and i pointed to the sky because i am a star gazer and here are five lights coming rapidly lower and closer to us.  by this time hundreds were watching. some shrugged it off as a helecopter but there was no sound when it was really close, just five lights, you couldnt see anything else just black and the five lights.  then it all disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  We would welcome additional reports from other witnesses.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
Strange objects descend to tree tops,  cruise  across tree tops and vanish into Lake Michigan.;1997-04-07 14:00:00;5 MINUTES;Strange objects descend to tree tops,  cruise  across tree tops and vanish into Lake Michigan. At the time, I worked in the Firstar Tower overlooking Lake Michigan and the Port of Milwaukee Harbor. At about 2pm, looking south out over the harbor at the south shore of milwaukee on a clear, sunny afternoon on 4/7/97, I noticed what looked like either an extremely relective object or the other alternative would be to describe it as a large ball of sparks descend from the sky, move along the tree line north to the south shore harbor where it descened further, skimmed across the water a short distance and then either descended into the water or simply burned out.     As I was trying to figure out what I had seen, I noticed another object which looked the same, perform almost the exact same manuvuer. Then, in rapid succession I observed 2 or 3 other objects do the same thing. I have NEVER seen anything that looked like or manuvuered like this in my life.    The two most unusual aspects of the sighting were:   1.) The very odd look of the objects   2.) the way they cruised so closely (almost touching) the tree tops in a very populated area and then go in the water?! The closest explaination I can come up with is,  that possibly they were flares, except for the fact that flares don't manuver over tree tops like that and why would they be shot over a populated area in broad daylight??     I would be EXTREMELY interested to hear of a concurrent sighting that day or a plausible explaination.  Thank ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  We would welcome reports from anyone else who may have been witness to this, or a similar, sighting.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
Seen Three aliens three different times outside my window within 2 weeks;2009-07-07 21:30:00;5 minutes;Seen Three aliens three different times outside my window within 2 weeks I saw three translucent inter-dimensional beings out my window three times in 2 weeks   I was sitting on my recliner in my living room.  I was watching my Television and I noticed something in the trees.  I looked through my big glass window that looks onto the back of the apartment building. I saw three aliens or some kind of beings in my trees.  At least I thought they were in the trees. The tree line is about 10 feet my window.  They were about 4  feet off the ground. I was scared to death, I could not move, I just froze with fear.  There were three of them. They were sitting side by side. At least I think they were sitting, hard to tell because they were translucent. I could see right through them, seeing the leaves move behind them.  Like in the movie “Predator” they were kind of see through but the outline of them was visible. They were on a platform.  They had very long arms and the width of their bodies were about 6.  Their height was maybe 1 foot, hard to tell since I was not sure if they were sitting or standing.  This was about 10.am around the first week of July, of 2009 in Milwaukee Wisconsin.  I am in an apartment complex that is two stories’ high and 10 apartments wide.  Mostly very nice Mexican people live here.  I am from Georgia.  I mention that in case this becomes significant since there are so many sightings of  UFO’s in Mexico. In no way were these Grays aliens that people talk about.  The face was cone shaped. I could not really make out eyes or any features.  Obviously they were cloaked or thought they were invisible, I do not know.  They stared at me the whole time, never looking around, just right at me for about 4 minutes.   Finally I got the nerve to stand up slowly and make my way to the front door. I knew the window was open I wanted to close it because I was afraid they would come in and abduct me. Or do experiments as we hear about what happens to people.  As I had my back to them for only a second, I turned to look back but they had gone. I then went too quickly to my neighbor’s apartment. She asked me if I had seen a ghost. I said just something very weird. I would not tell her for being afraid of her thinking I was crazy. I was so afraid I told no body. Not even my boyfriend who was out of town for the next two weeks. I was there alone. I want to let you know. I am a 48 year old woman from Georgia. I do not do drugs, I do drink a beer here and there but I had not had any beer for about a week. I have never hallucinated or imagined anything in my whole life. I am not on any prescription drugs and have never been on them. I was really seeing this and wish I had never had. So when Mark came home from working in Canada I did not tell him even though I was still scared. A couple mornings after he was home he woke me to ask if I have ever seen anything weird out the back window.  I said yes, why are you asking me? He was scared, I could tell as he started to tell me that he saw three beings out the back window in the trees that he could see through. It was about 5:30 as we slept in the living room all night since it is cooler then than our bedroom. We have had placed our mattress on the floor near the front door. He said there were three of them side by side with cone faces, long arms and almost he could make out! eyes or holes where there would be eyes. He described them exactly as I had seen them and also they were on a platform. He said the platform was a milky color but still translucent. He could see the outline and see the leaves right through them. He said their heads were moving up and down, to the right to the left looking at the back of out apartment building. He was sure they did not see him since he was so far from the window near the front door on the mattress which is on the floor. When I am in my recliner I am only about 4 feet from the window. He said they were there for about 4 minutes also then they disappeared. When I asked him to point right where he saw them, it was interesting because they were on the right side of our window but when I saw them they were on the left side. Remember now both times were in the morning and same description. He said they were doing something with their hands, maybe working controls? I don’t know, I am just scared out of my mind the! y will come back again. I was happy I could share this bizarre! happeni ng in out lives. So about two days after Mark had seen them I was in my recliner watching Television. It was around 9 a.m in the morning. I saw movement in the trees again and this time there was only one of the beings. I saw him for about only about 1 minute or minute and a half or so. This time he was in the middle of the window about the same height in the trees. His cone shaped face and long hanging arms, looking right at me. I was very scared and had a look of fear on my face. Mark was in the room and when he saw my face he saw I was scared but when he turned his head to look it disappeared. Now I have been analyzing this highly unusual event. I am scared all time. I am in fear they will take mark or myself to where to do what? Why appear behind an old run down apartment building in virtually the same place area in the trees? This has reoccurred three times in the morning hours. From about a minute and a half to about 4 minutes they stay to study mark or I? To take readings of the Earth, say maybe they are measuring the Earths magnetic field, gasses in atmosphere? Are they planning an attack on mankind? Do they want to become our friends? Learn our language? Are they just as curious about us as we are of them? Do they want to reproduce with our species? Do they want to use us as food? So many things run through our heads, WHY WHY HERE? Why not appear at the White House, a museum, a school, a park or in a science laboratory? Why behind an old apartment building at OUR WINDOW? Are the other people in the apartments seeing them also? I am not ready to ask around. I want to move out of here as quickly as I can but for financial reasons I don’t see that happening anytime soon. Maybe they will never appear again and my nerves can calm down. 	My girlfriend Mary is vey excited about this. She wants to see them very badly so she can take photos or video tape them to show the world. She says this is very important for the world to see that beings are showing up here repeatedly. She says they probably are not from another world but from another dimension. That maybe their laboratory in their dimension is situated right there at all times but the veil from our dimensions are opening up. They are not really in the trees at all but in their time and a different dimension. They could be opening and closing them. They are showing up as almost invisible, is that because they are scared that we will shoot them? They know enough that this is a common reaction among humans, Shoot first ask questions later. Do they even know we see them at all? Mary says we can roll up a ball of yarn with a long string on the end. When they appear throw it at them, it might go into their place and we might see just a string hanging in mid air! when they closed the veil. The yarn will not show harmful intent because we could put a note on it saying :Become our friends, Talk to us, we know your there. We could put a little present inside the ball of yarn. She wants to bring in a high tech video camera, digital camera, regular camera, infrared camera, aura camera and a meter she has that can pick up very low frequencies that turns it into voice. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
Strange lights, stranger shapes, and a strange ending.;2010-11-15 01:00:00;30 minutes;Strange lights, stranger shapes, and a strange ending. It was a cold late fall day.  Myself and 3 friends were along with me when we decided to go to the lake front (Lake Michigan). The 4 of us were strolling casually along the coast that evening.  As we progressed further down a lake front pier we collectively noticed an unusually bright.  Since the lake front is closed after 10pm and it was now around 1am our first thought is it being some form of authority,  police, coast gaurd etc. We soon realized that was not the case.  All of us agreed that this exceptional light was moving our direction(west) from the east.  East of us was Lake Michigan.  So our thought is still optimistic, that being, as if it were a boat or some other everyday regularity.  We all can not let this light go, we continue to stare in its direction. Within about a minute, the light gained significant ground growing closer in distance to us.  At this time we were able to tell that this light was not on the water but, in the air.  It took a moment to take its airborne presence in. 1. because from this location on the lake we frequently seen air craft heading south toward Mitchell International airport and 2. because of the low level and quietness. Another sign that allowed us to realize that this was airborne was in its approach toward us it passed over the rock walls which I believe is for a wave/wake break for sailors and ships. At my estimate the rock walls are about 300 yards from shore and about 150 yards from our position on the pier. So, this quite airborne light is about 100 yards out from us and its light becomes much more intense.   With it becoming more clear that the light is attached to something greater behind it 2 of my friends become hysterical and begin to cry and emotions become rather powerful and overwhelming. I have stood my ground thus far when the light begings to angle itself toward the ground/water.  It is at about a 45° angle(the light) and close enough for me to be able to reach it with a stone or tennis ball toss.  The brilliant light is seemingly piercing the filthy water in this area to a depth of about 6ft. and approaching the tips of my toes. The light comes to about an inch before my toes and turns its &quothigh beem&quot off.  Within a matter of 10 seconds the ship accelerated and was out of view. While taking in all of what had just happened and calming down we begin to notice a set of lights following the same path coming towards us again. This time,  I reach for my phone and begin to use my camara.  That craft is still well out above the water but I start to take pictures anyway to try to gather as much as I can. The flash may have caught the attention of the craft because as I clicked more pictures and more flashes it seemed to quicken its pace in our direction. As this craft got closer it became clear it was not the same one in which we had just seen because this one was easily 10x as large with a set of lights across the bottom(yellow/whiteish)  and 3 larger lights on top(red/green/red) that appeared to be incased in glass or another see-through material. I would guess its length to be around 200ft. This craft slowly pan across our view at about 60ft out and 60ft up.  It was the most strange structure.  It looked as if it were made of old oil barrels and not in a slick uniform shape,  more jagged and off balance.  It had unique looking hieroglyphs written on the barrells. The hieroglyphic text did not show up in any of the photos.  All together I took around 110 photos which i shared with people.  I e-mailed a few photos to one of my co witnesses which I believe she still possess today.  Within 24 hours all 110 photos were erased/disappeard from my phone....not one of my other personal photos of friends and the such were missing from my phones photo gallery.  Olny the ones I took that night. We were just 4 friends in our early 20s....no professional background. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
I happened to look up in the sky' It was dark and the street lights were out. The objects appeared to be far away but our eyes can not;2012-12-21 18:00:00;5:00;I happened to look up in the sky'  It was dark and the street lights were out.  The objects appeared to be far away but our eyes can not judge distances and size without references.  The size appeared to be about that of a jet after takeoff from about two to three miles away.  All of the objects had the same shape, close to upside down u's.  Each had five lights of a bright red color.  They came from the norteast and rose from the horizon at an aproximately 45 degree angle untill they came to about the height of the tree lines.  We have 80 year old elm trees in milwaukee about 100 feet tall. They tenn proceeded to level off and move to the east.  They then leveled off. One followed another at a space of about one tenth of the northern horizon.  They were silent. Their angle of diaganol assent was constent and in a straight line and was slow, slower than a helicopter.  They were silent.  I flagged down several cars and four witnesses saw this.  They were scared and would not give me their names ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
Bright white light opened like hand-fan, violently collapsed on itself;2015-07-24 05:05:00;1 second;Bright white light opened like hand-fan, violently collapsed on itself At about 5:05 am on the morning of Friday, July 24, 2015, I witnessed something in the sky in the city of Milwaukee, as I was on my balcony looking west across the Milwaukee River.  There was an incredible white light that resembled a hand-fan that was opening and then quickly and violently collapsed.  The light did not brighten the sky as a whole, just a remote area that was about double the size of a typical full moon.  I would guess I witnessed the light at about 35* above the western horizon and my best estimate for direction would be a straight line from about the Hoan bridge towards Potawatomi Casino.   The occurrence lasting about a second, left me humbled and dumbfounded.  I have since been feverishly trying to identify an explanation for the event, but nothing I have found with internet searches or recall from a college-level introduction astronomy course I took years back have helped me make any sense of the incident.   The light collapsing on itself reminded me of television depictions of travel between dimensions I suppose.  I cannot say that there isn’t a natural explanation, but it did appear that the light was flat on the bottom (and rounded on the top as it “fanned-out”).   Whatever it was that I saw has left quite an impression on me, and I’m certain the awesomeness cannot be fully explained with words.;43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
Bright white light form northwest.  Lit up entire sky.  No sound.  Not lightning.;2015-12-10 17:50:00;1-2 seconds;Bright white light form northwest.  Lit up entire sky. No sound. Not lightning I was running through the park and all of a sudden the sky lit up starting from the northwest, almost as if lightning struck.  But there was no sound and it was scattered clouds no rain or storms on that day.   For 1-2 seconds I could see as clear as daylight.  Bright light that came from the northwestern horizon and lit up the entire sky.   I tried searching to see if anyone else had seen this but couldn't find any explanation so I'm filing a report.;43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
Voronezh symbol shape ufo spotted in Milwaukee.;2019-06-06 13:35:00;2 minutes;Voronezh symbol shape ufo spotted in Milwaukee While driving South on 43 we saw what looked like The top of a tower only it wasn’t a tower.  It was 3 vertical Dark tube like markings.   When googling ufo 3 vertical Lines we found the exact shape.  It was like The Voronezh Alien Encounter shape on the illustration.  Exactly like it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.0577064927705;-87.9615731499852
