UFO birds suddenly increase in numbers from 15 to 74.  ((NUFORC Note:  Photos from witness indicate flocks of birds.  PD));2014-10-18 11:30:00;4 hours;UFO birds suddenly increase in numbers from 15 to 74 On October 18, 2014, I witnessed a strange sight in the sky over Somerville, AL.  I was at an equestrian event with our daughter and lunch was around 11:30 am.   As I was making my way to the serving area, I was taking in the beautiful, clear blue sky.  Looking north, toward Huntsville, AL, I noticed what immediately struck me as a group of 15 white orbs meandering from west to east.  They reminded me very much of the many photos I’ve seen of such orbs, meaning that they are sort of strung out in a line, and spaced up and down, in no particular pattern.   As they moved, they would sometimes be strung out in a long line, and then form into the usual “V” of a migrating flock of birds, then string back out again.  Also, while they appeared to be migrating to the east, they slowed, stopped, and started “milling about,” like they decided to stay in one spot, as if riding a thermal.   I went and got my camera (which I was using to shoot the equestrian event), and upo! n zooming in, I could see they looked like birds, albeit, none I had ever seen. As I watch, I was struck by the feeling that while they appeared to be birds, they were not.  First, they were so bright, and stark white against the sky.  The individual ones did not have that shimmery look, like one would expect if the wings were flapping.  I do remember that they would vary a little in brightness, and in looking at a zoomed-in image, I see they are white, in general, with dark trailing wing edges.  The objects moved together, much like a school of fish.  There was no apparent random motion of one object with respect to another.  They all moved in unison and seemed to be riding a thermal.  Their altitude, or range from my camera never changed, at least not to my eye.  After I had shot 34 images in about a minute (to get some clear images for later study), I stopped shooting and watched a bit more.  My observation was that the brightness of the “flock” would decrease then increase.  Studying the sight and my images, I think it was because they were quite wh! ite, but when going away from me, the dark stripes on their wings would be toward me, decreasing the apparent brightness.  As I was watching them “mill about” and darken and lighten, it suddenly appeared that there were a LOT more objeccts.  I never observed another flock in the sky, nor saw one merge in.  It was just that when going from darker to lighter, there were just more that appeared. I put the camera back on them, and fired off more images.  You can look at my images DSC_6044 and DSC_6045, which were taken 14 seconds apart.  As you can see, there were a LOT more objects in the second, (and subsequent) image.  In looking at the images, the ‘flock” increased from 15 to around 74 within seconds, as I was watchinge.  I don’t know where they came from, they just appeared.  I quit firing shots after a while, figuring they were birds, and that I just somehow missed the other huge grouping of birds joining the original group.  I don’t remember if, from here, they kind of faded out of view, or if they disappeared while I went about my business of getting lunch, but the “birds” eventually were gone. About 2 or 3 hours later, we were done and headed for home.  As we got to the intersection of Hwy 36 and 231, in Lacey’s Spring, AL, about 5 miles from the event, I again saw the same formation just north of my location, toward Huntsville, and closer, this time.  I called my wife, who was driving in the car in front of me, and she was able to see the same thing (she had not seen the original sighting).  Determined to get more, but closer shots, I watched both the road and the formation, until we got about a 1/2 to 3/4 miles closer to Huntsville, and found a good pull-off, with a broad view of the sky.  When I got out of the car, the objects were gone, vanished.  I looked and looked, both with my eyes, and through the camera, but could not see them.  That was it. When I got home, I looked at my images on the computer.  Zooming in, they did look like birds, and after doing some research, decided that I had seen a flock of migrating pelicans.  However, Huntsville, AL, is hundreds of miles from the ocean and any migratory path that I could research, and no one that I know has ever seen a pelican in town.  I totally forgot about the whole sighting after that. On Sunday 8-30-15, almost a year later, after reading the book “Messages”, by Stan Romanek, I was thinking through several past sighting experiences, and suddenly remembered this bird event (which I had totally forgotten about – odd).  I did some Googling of “UFO Birds” and found some very informative links which showed exactly the same “birds”, in Mexico!  The people who had that sighting went through the exact same though process on identification, and came up with the same results I did (pelicans).  While it is somewhat plausible, pelicans do not exactly match what I saw or the behavior I observed.  For me, this sighting is unexplained. Here are links to the “UFO Birds” story I found and some of my images are attached:  http://www.openminds.tv/a-fleet-of-bird-like-ufos-in-mexico-913/18623#comments  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjBlkx3mcN0  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JmiS7q72u1s;34.4995;-86.8009
