Objects that looked like stars appearing out of nowhere in the night sky and traveling south to north in a straight line;2020-09-14 05:40:00;<5 minutes;Objects that looked like stars appearing out of nowhere in the night sky and traveling south to north in a straight line I am camping in Dixie National Forest near Duck Creek Village, Utah. I went out to pee while it was still quite dark (small crescent moon) but cloudless, and noticed what I first thought was the most unusual straight line of stars that I'd ever seen.  In a matter of seconds I went from thinking it was a string of bright stars across the sky then I thought they were moving then I KNEW they were all moving in a straight path from south to north at an unknown altitude. If they had not been moving, they would have appeared to be just like a very straight line of bright stars in the sky. I could not see too far to the north in the direction they were traveling because of trees, but when I looked to the south, I could see where they were originating from. It was as if they were appearing out of something, but I could see nothing and there was no sound at all. It looked like they were just appearing or entering out of nowhere. They were mostly pretty equidistant from each other, but a few would appear more closely spaced than others. I'd guess that I could see about 15 degrees of the sky (out of 180) from where they originated to where I could no longer see them behind the trees. It took them less than 10 seconds to cover that! distance - again, altitude unknown.  I guess it could have been a stationary military craft emitting munitions with tracers, but there was absolutely no sound on a very quiet and still night. Furthermore, the objects did not seem to be traveling in an arc for the distance that I could see them and there were no trails. They just looked like bright stars that were moving across the sky. Coolest thing I've ever seen in the night sky, that's for sure. I thought of going back inside my RV to get my phone for pictures, but nothing I ever try to photograph at night can be seen, I didn't want to miss the show.  If you find out that there were military exercises in the area or any other information, I would like to hear about it. By the way, I do not drink or do drugs, nor am I on any medications. Thanks;37.5183;-112.67
