Stealth-like transparent triangular object makes incredible maneuver and disappears;2005-12-25 12:00:00;3-5 seconds;Stealth-like transparent triangular object makes incredible maneuver and disappears Please note: I am filing this report more than two months later as I did not know about this site. All I remember is that thic incidence either happened on the 24th, 25th, or 26th of December, 2005.  I was leaving the town center of Conover and driving on 1st Street West towards Interstate I-40.  As I looked out of the car windshield I got a mental shock as I thought a aircraft-crash is going to happen. It looked like in the first moment like a fighter plane with triangular solid shape (no distinctive wings) in a sort of stealthy transparent grey, flying straight down (totally vertical) from maybe one mile above ground (when I started to see it). I thought it will fly straight into the ground, at extremely high speed. I guess a speed of at least 1000-2000 mph.  I was in shock at this point and made a significant sigh that my female friend said: WHAT???!. I  couldn't answer my thought was: it's going to crash!... But in that moment, maybe 600 feet above ground, it made a very sharp right-angular turn away from us, into a horizontal flight pattern, climbing up in an approximately 30 degree angle. But the object disappeared SUDDENLY after about one second into nothing. No trail, nothing.  Due to being in the car I can not say if there was a sound I heared no sound.  Observation: No conventional technology aircraft could have made a sort of 90 degree turn at THAT speed. The G-force of that turn would have been incredible (impossible to a human pilot) by earthly standards. The sudden disappearance was not just a fast fading out of sight, it was a SUDDEN  disappearance.  I have a private pilot's licence. I am a graduated technical engineer. What I saw would be impossible to perform with conventional aircraft technology. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));35.7313;-81.2165000000001
