Triangular object spotted between Gilboa and McComb.  No sound.  Light on each corner.;1997-06-01 21:00:00;30 seconds;Triangular object spotted between Gilboa and McComb.  No sound.  Light on each corner. I was driving with another person heading east on SR 224, east of Gilboa.  As the car came around a bend in the road (near the old rest stop) a triangular object came into view from behind the trees bordering the Blanchard river.  We stopped the car under the object.  I got out of the car.  The object made no sound whatsoever.  It was about 40 feet above the ground and eacjh side of the object was about 25-30 feet long.  It had a white light on each corner and was otherwise dark.  It appeared to be black, but it was dark outside and it was difficult to tell.  After hovering over the car for several seconds, the object departed going west, toward the town of Ottawa. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the incident is approximate.  PD));41.1112;-83.8064
Triangle shaped object with red pulsating lights with instant change of direction and speed.;2010-05-21 22:30:00;20 minutes;Triangle shaped object with red pulsating lights with instant change of direction and speed. A friend and me parked his truck in his grandfather's driveway late in the evening so we could take a long walk together in the country.  As we returned after our walk we sat in the back of his pickup truck and into the cloudy sky.  Towards the Eastern Horizon, just north of the city of Findlay, we spotted a bright light darting back and forth. The object would move at different speeds and changed directions north and south instantly. It also seemed to change altitudes as it proceeded towards where we were.  As it approached closer to our position it fell to a lower altitude and maintained a steady speed and direction westward.  We then could see that it was in the shape of a triangle.  When the object was above it you could see a white spotlight shining through the low stratus clouds pointing strait ahead of it, and a row of four pulsating red lights on either side.  I can estimate that it was less than a football field above us and made no noise.  Judging by the ! trees around us, it was probably about 20 feet across, an equilateral triangle.  As it passed overhead the rear of the object consisted of four red lights that stayed a constant brightness in the pattern of a square.  As it proceeded west it instantly increased speed and flew out of sight of us.;41.1112;-83.8064
Large silent triangular craft.;2015-12-19 20:50:00;1 minute;Large silent triangular craft First sighted object through living room window 3 white/yellow lights in equilateral triangle shape, pulsing red light in the center.   I immediately proceeded outside and observed the craft traveling North at low altitude, best guess less than 1000 feet, probably in the 500 foot range.  As the craft moved north, first the front yellow/white light, then the center red light became obscured, apparently by the body of the craft.  It then appeared to turn North-Northeast and descend towards the rail yard in Hoytville.  At this point, only the 2 aftmost yellow/white lights were visible.  It appeared to be about 1/2 the size of the distance between the lights at the rail yard.   At this point, I ran back inside to get my phone and text a friend to keep an eye out for it, as it was heading his way.  Upon returning outside, the craft was no longer visible. My daughter observed the craft out the window, but did not follow me outside. This vehicle was the size of a mid-sized commercial airliner, at low altitude and made no sound whatsoever. Report also submitted to MUFON, case #73328;41.1112;-83.8064
