Very strange jet like noise, as if it were pulsing or waving in and out.  ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  PD));2006-12-05 01:30:00;5 minutes per time;Very strange jet like noise, as if it were pulsing or waving in and out... like nothing ive heard before I did not know where else to go for help on this matter. I keep hearing a very strange, un-natural noise coming from oustide. When i first hear something, it sounded as if a large, heavy object was bouncing outside on the street. It ceased only a minute later. Shortly after this happened, not even 10 minutes later, i heard something else. This was a very strange noise as well. I can compare it to so few things. I could tell by the sound that it was high in the air, much like you can a jet. But this sound was stationary, possibly 10-15 feet to the side of my house. The best why i can describe it is that of a jet engine, with a waving sound. The almost hovering noise would pulse in and out. It sounded like a jet had stopped moving, and the engine was turning off and on very quickly.. i do not know how to put it. Than while i was hearing this, i heard the bouncing noise again, this time on the side of the house. This stopped quickly again, than the jet like sound trailed off as well. I have not yet went outside.. it is 2:08 am, and i am feeling quite uneasy about this. What ive just said may not seem like a UFO, but it is not the first time i have seen or heard something. I will describe this quickly as it may help to find out what happened. This event occured many years ago, possibly 6 years. I was younger, and across the street from my house with my brother, and his friend. There is a long drive way leading away from their farm, which we were riding are bikes down. it was very dark, and getting late, possibly 11pm. When the three of us got to the end of the drive way, we all stared at an object hoving over a field, maybe 1/2 a mile away. it was a very large disk/saucer shaped object, with long sides, there were also lights on the sides of it. I remember this very clearly. It may sound like a hoax, or something different from a UFO. But it was very clear for how dark it was. And i know it was not an airplane, helicopter, weather balloon.. nothing like that. We were kind of frightened by th! is so we turned around and rode back to the house. I tired to tell my parents.. but they did not believe us. I would really like to be contacted about this via my email address. Have similar sound been reported?;40.7144;-75.7154
