UFO'S VISIT CHOPTANK, MARYLAND.;2015-12-14 01:00:00;15 seconds;UFO'S VISIT CHOPTANK, MARYLAND. I saw a triangular object in the sky that appeared above me out of nowhere.  It had red, blue and white flashing lights all around it, and it had a strange crest in the center of it.   I could clearly see the shape of the craft closely resembled that of a stingray body.  It hovered over my car for a few seconds and then it was gone in a flash of light.  It didn't leave any type of smoke trail or exhaust, so I ruled out airplane and it didn't look anything like a personal aircraft or helicopter, so I am convinced that what I witnessed was a UFO.;38.7466;-75.912
My wife, for 15 minutes, observed a triangular shaped UFO with blue lights on its tips.;2020-06-17 20:00:00;15 minute;My wife, for 15 minutes, observed a triangular shaped UFO with blue lights on its tips. This report is written by the husband of the observer.  I am writing this with her knowledge and given permission to distribute it to interested parties.  Her name may not be used or given unless requested in person. On or about June 17, 2020, I saw a triangular-shaped object to the front of my car and slightly off to my left.  My car was heading in a southerly direction.  The time was about 2000hrs. I was just returning from fishing at my brother's pond. As I cleared a grove of woods and entered an area with fields on all sides, I saw a large solid triangular object moving very slowly in my direction.  I slowed my car to a stop and rolled down my driver's side window.  The flowing best describes what I saw:  The object was triangular, grey-white in colour.  From point to point it appeared to be about 120 feet long, moving at a speed of only several yards per minute.  It’s height above me and toward my left was roughly 200 feet above the ground.  It made no sound.  I noticed it had a light on each tip of the triangle, when it momentarily flashed blue and did so again about five minutes later.  It continued in the same general northerly direction until I stopped observing it approximately 15 minutes later. My wife also said during this time she saw a smaller object, a lot higher in altitude approaching the UFO from the opposite direction and then slowly circle around behind it and maintaining the approximate speed of the UFO.  Yet she feels this was more of a traditional craft that seemed to be observing the UFO. Some additional information she mentioned in our conversation:  She did not leave the car. The sky was totally clear, except for the object.  The Wind was calm and never changed. There were no sounds coming from anything in nature.  No reaction from nearby domestic herd animals.  No changes in the car or electronics.  She never thought of taking a picture with her cell phone, and does not understand why.  She also has no idea why she did not tell anyone about this sighting for almost a week.  And then, only mentioned it in passing conversation.  She feels totally confident that she did see and experience this event.;38.7466;-75.912
