Triangular shaped ufo which darted quickly across the sky near duluth MN, but then remained stationary for a half hour.....;2001-08-18 22:13:00;1 hour;Triangular shaped ufo which darted quickly across the sky near duluth MN, but then remained stationary for a half hour..... Myself and a friend were heading home from the barnum fair towards our hometown 20 miles south west of duluth  when we noticed a bright light in the east/southeastern sky.  My friend thought it was venus, but it seemed so large and bright, and it seemed to be lower than most stars and the only star in the direction!  I thought it was the north star but realized we were facing east.  As we were about to dismiss the object as a star or planet, it suddenly darted left (straight north)  for about 3 seconds but seemed to cover a lot of ground in that short time.  We lost sight of it but then turned left as it was the road towards home anyways.  We passed some pines that blocked our view but then came to an open field and saw the bright object again.  It was hovering but then moved upwards quickly and the light totally went out, then came back on again about 10 seconds later.  The odd thing was it was a clear sky, every star was visible, so i figured it couldnt be a plane going through clouds, and the light seemed to large to just be a plane.  We watched the object for another 10 miles, and decided to go just go home cause it was now higher in the sky.   However when i got on my road i could still see the strange object, i tried to video tape it casue i had my camera in the car but the battery died about 3 seconds into taping it,  so we went in my home got my dad and drove back west down my road.  we stopped the vehicle got out and stared north northeast where the object was.  It now was a brilliant blue and red, the lights would flicker much like that of a plane, but it hovered in the same spot for 30 more minutes!!!  Plus i spotted a plane in the south western sky moving east, and it became clear the object was definately no plane.  The strangest thing about it was that it also had 3 white lights, which if connected would make a triangle.  but the triangle seemed to appear, then go away then come back once every 20 seconds or so..  we  watched it  until 11:15 and then decided to return home.  This is the! strange st thing ive ever seen and i hope to see it again. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness at length, and we found him to be quite credible and convincing.  We questioned the fact that the witnesses had watched the object of interest for an estimated 1 hour, but he was adamant, and  convincing, in his assertion that the object actually did what is described above.  PD));46.5915;-92.3679
