Bright orange light hovering in sky, then flies off only to reappear minutes later .;2012-07-29 20:50:00;4-5 minutes;Bright orange light hovering in sky, then flies off only to reappear minutes later . I went outside to check on my pool filter and when returning to house I noticed a very bright orange light in the sky to the northwest.  It made no sound and varied in brightness from very bright to very dim.   It moved in an erratic somewhat circular motion then it seemed to fade away.  I ran into the house get my wife and my camera but when we returned outside,  no sign of the light could be seen.   My wife went back inside but I stayed outside and decided to walk up my street toward where I had seen the light.  I got in front of my neighbors house when the light reappeared from the north.  It move through the sky to the original spot I had seen it.   It remained there, not moving but changing in brightness as it had before.   I took 1 picture of it using my old olympus digital camera D-580.   The object appeared to rise in the sky , gaining  altitude,  then disappearing.  The object made no sound.;41.3319;-73.2367
Slow moving steady orange lights, over 25 total over a 30 minute period, north of Monroe CT;2013-07-05 22:00:00;40 minutes;slow moving steady orange lights, over 25 total over a 30 minute period, north of Monroe CT In the late evening looking north of Monroe, CT, there were slow moving orange lights with random spacing moving North/Northeast.  They did not have rotating beacons or strobe lights like aviation aircraft.  It was a varying intensity orange light that resembled a flame.  The number is an estimate.   They were moving from just above the treelike and the spacing was inconsistent, sometimes 15 seconds or so apart, sometimes minutes.  It continued for quite some time and was definitely NOT military aircraft  I served over 20 years in military aviation and I am quite positive.   They were fairly slow moving and after sometime disappeared, I don't believe because of distance.   It was a clear night and lunar illumination was not a factor.   Several of us witnessed the even baffled at what it could be and every time I thought they were done, another one seemed to appear, arc slowly across the sky and eventually disappear. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));41.3319;-73.2367
