Very, very bright motionless light in the daylight.;2012-02-20 17:00:00;3 minutes;Very, very bright motionless light in the daylight. On Monday, February 20th, my daughter and I were driving from Greenville, MS to Lake Providence, LA. About 5 miles North of Eudora, Arkansas I noticed a very, very bright light in the sky to the east and approximately at a 60 degree angle from the road I was driving on.  This time of year, the days are longer, and even though it was partly cloudy it was still bright out. THAT is what made me question what it was that I was seeing. The brightness of this light, it was sooo very bright for that time of day. It also did not move and it didn't blink or anything. The only way I can explain it is a very, very bright star, but not twinkling. My daughter also saw this light. We watched it as the clouds moved behind it, making us believe it couldn't be a star/planet if we could see the clouds moving behind it. I continued to drive, we both watched it for a good 3 to 5 minutes before it went behind a cloud. We never saw it again. I continued to look in that general loc! ation in the sky, however, never saw anything else that I could pass off as being what I saw during the daylight. I came home and googled planets, read that we should be able to see 5 planets this month, but all of which would be in the west, and rising at dusk or later. I don't know what we saw, but thought that it might be interesting to report it here. I've seen other things and so have friends of mine and this is my first time to actually tell anyone outside of my small circle. And amazingly enough, as I've been reading your reports, I came across one that gave me chills because it described an exact sighting my daughter and I had in the same town, the same year, the same month...almost the exact same story as what I have to tell. So, again, if what we saw last week was just a planet or a star, then that's fine...i would like to know what it was just for curiousity's sake. Thanks and I find your website fascinating.;33.118;-91.2693
