My brother and I went outside to have a smoke and then noticed a moving, multicolored light in the sky....;2001-10-11 01:00:00;3 hours+;My brother and I went outside to have a smoke and then noticed a moving, multicolored light in the sky.... My brother and I went outside to have a smoke and then noticed a moving, multicolored light in the sky.  It would move only a few degrees, both verticaly and lateraly.  It wasn't a specific color, but changed colors.  It would bob and move in small circles.  It also seemed to have a two prominent spikes one going off to the left, and one off the top.  The object looked as though it were no closer than a satellite.  (However, my brother and I speculated that this could not be a satellite because it didn't move enough, it changed colors, and it was in roughly the same spot over a period of about two hours.  Both of us are sure it wasn't a star--it was too big and moved however, if forced to guess what this object was, I would have to say a large star whose light was bent by oscillations in the earths atmosphire..is that possible?  I did take several pictures with a manual camera--they are being developed.  I wonder if there is an agency (NASA maybe?) who can scan the pictures, identify the stars, and then tell me what the object is?  Can anyone help me?  Anyone else see this?  E-mail me at:  ((e-address deleted))  As soon as I have the pictures (if they turn out), I will provide a link for people to examine them. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a twinkling star may have been the cause of the sighting.  PD));45.133;-92.681
Lights in the Sky;2012-07-12 00:00:00;1 hour;Lights in the Sky Observer 1: Graphic Designer. College Educated. Buddhist. Observer 2: Electrical Engineer. College Educated. Atheist. July 12th the &quotobject&quot was bright just on the east of the horizon above the tree line at 5:10am.  Object was bright-white in the center and radiated a white light much like a LCD bulb -- radiated a brilliance, flickering.  Three smaller lights made an inverted triangle starting from the center of the object, descending. Smaller lights flashed Blue to Red.  The Object did not move for twenty minutes, used tree line, large pine and water tower as sight guides.  Object would waver towards the last 10 minutes, not sure if it was actually moving of eye fatigue.  To the right of the object was a smaller light, flashing red.  This object did move. Shot a 10 minute HD film. Both objects did not show up well on HD film -- propped the camera up on my sill.  Will be getting a tripod for the SLR/HD and trying again. July 14th, Same light in the S.W. skies. Pattern of flashing lights very distinct.  Left - Red, Right - White, Bottom - Blue. Stationary for 1 hour.  Did see a satellite pass above/behind it satellite was obscured. Additional:  I am just curious as to what I seeing.  I've been seeing these my whole life.  They never make a sound, the are not aircraft and I am pretty sure they are not weather balloons, drones, or satellites. Saw similar object (though two this time), again, in February 2010 in the North over Stow, Ohio. In the 2010 sighting I saw what seemed to be objects being released from both lights.  As nuts as it sounds it almost looked like it was right out of Star Wars. Also, several times in the 1990's over Attica, Indiana and Pine Village, Indiana.  And, in the late 1980's in River Falls, WI.  The RF light was so bright it filled the whole side window. It was May. Are there any astrological events that match that?  Morning star?  omething?    Brother (Designer, Educated) also has seen similar from a young age.;45.133;-92.681
