Object seen while veiwing airial (chemtrail) jet spraying.;2001-09-03 12:00:00;20 minutes;Object seen while veiwing airial (chemtrail) jet spraying. While watching repeated airial jet spraying being done over the region (chemtrails) at noon on Labor Day, I spotted an object which appeared stationary in the view of my 11 X 80 binoculars. The object was very high, appeared shinny and reflecting sunlight. It was situated almost directly overhead. Regional latitude is 45°. The sky was clear except for the clouds created by the arial spraying, surface temps around 80°, winds calm. I set up my tripod and camera with zoom lens to 450 mm. I took several pictures of this but even with this magnification the object was still quite small. In the veiw finder I noticed a slight movement to the west. This change in position was similar to speed and direction as if watching a star at night i.e earth's rotational movement. Is it possible to see the International Space Station during a bright sunny day? If not then I'm unsure as to what this may have been. At this time the photos are still undeveloped. ((NUFORC Note:  Although much has been said and written about the alleged chemtrails, we continue to reserve judgment on that issue.  We have seen no strong evidence to support their existence, in fact.  However, we do not know what the object was that the witness apparently witnessed.  PD));45.133;-92.681
Hovering bright white ufo, shot up, changed to red and blue blinking lighted and flew away very fast in a eratic path;2009-08-14 23:39:00;10 minutes;Hovering bright white ufo, shot up, changed to red and blue blinking lighted and flew away very fast in a eratic path My girlfriend, child and i were sitting outside facing south and noticed a glowing bright light like a street lamp hovering in the sky about 500 feet high, 1 mile away from us in a south western direction from our point of view. The object was nothing but light i could not see any shape or body. Brightess thing in the sky. The object shot up at a rapid speed and started dimming and stopped and hovered for about 30 seconds. Then it dimmed to nothing then suddenly started blinking red and blue, with 4 to 6 orbs on the object. It was smaller then it orginaly look when i first seen it, or it moved very far away to the west, it really hard to tell. The object propelled at an amazing speed across the sky about the height of a jetliner going northwest. The path was very eratic bobbing up and down and blinking red and blue simutaniuosly. It when across the whole horizon from southwest to northwest in maybe 20 seconds. Extremely fast then i just couldnt see it any mo! re.;45.133;-92.681
