Long tubular shaped ufo over the desert of Arizona near Payson.;2011-11-29 16:00:00;3-5 min;Long tubular shaped ufo over the desert of Arizona near Payson. Monday we went fishing on Sycamore Creek, just outside of Payson, Arizona, around sunset we were heading back up to the car when my boyfriend noticed a tubular shaped thing that was slightly wider in the middle and had a row of what looked like slits down the middle of it, it was a light grey almost looked metallic.  I remember thinking that we should be hearing it because of how close it seemed but it was completely silent.  It looked like, from our viewing point to be very large possibly the length of a football field.  We both looked at each other in silence because we both knew it was something crazy so I started searching for my camera, but by the time I got it out and turned it on it has disappeared behind the tree line.  We tried running in the direction that it was traveling to try and get a picture but it was nowhere to be found.  I do not believe in aliens but this experience has really confused and made  me question everything I believe and I needed to te! ll someone who might care and not think  I am crazy.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.2198;-111.2878
Cigar shaped object disappears over Payson AZ;2020-04-18 18:40:00;1 minute;Cigar shaped object disappears over Payson AZ April 18, 2020 1840 Payson Arizona Headed south on Arizona Highway 87 just outside of Payson mile marker 245 to 247. Driving through Payson to Phoenix Arizona I was scanning my horizon when A slow moving object caught my eye. I noted the mile marker 245 I continue to watch the object. It looked like an airplane slowing for a landing. I soon realize the object had no tail, it was just a cylinder shape that was tapered slightly at the ends. The object was moving west to east, and was 15 seconds or so in front of me. It was Low I could see it clearly in the day light and had contrast with the Mountians in the back ground.  The color was not shiny but a dull gray that reflected the sun just a little. I continue to watch the cylinder object to see if it could be an airplane. Did it have wings I asked? The object began to turn towards me. I saw no wings. I saw a small soft white light. I thought that the light could be the headlight.  As the object continue to turn towards me the light grew in size. Eventually the light engulfed the entire diameter of the aircraft. Then “blink” the light turned off and they was is no object or light. At this time I was at mile marker 247. Less then a minute is how long it lasted 2 miles @ 65mph. I knew at mile 248 there was a brake check area. I stopped at the brake check area got out my binoculars and got out of my truck. I began to search the skies for object or aircraft. I saw no aircraft in the sky or the object. Payson Arizona is a small town at elevation of 5000 feet it is a mountainous Arizona terrain. I estimate that the object was the same size as a submarine, smaller than the USS Ohio. Aircraft this large would never land in Payson. Nor could it have landed in that terrain. Some background Professional truck driver Military aviation( Rotary wing ) Was stationed in Hawaii.;34.2198;-111.2878
