The disc illuminated bright lemon yellow light through it's large square windows, moving slowly and beeping intermitingly;1969-07-01 20:00:00;< 5 min.;The disc illuminated bright lemon yellow light through it's large square windows, moving slowly and beeping intermitingly People generally do not believe me due to my age at the time of this incident, yet I have remembered other things from very early on, including my actual birth, which I have proven by my description to my mother of both doctors and nurses present, their physical descriptions, position in the delivery room, etc.   That said, here is what happened in 1969 when I was aged three:  At the time stated, my grandparents were caretakers on a cattle ranch in Payson, Arizona.  It was quite remote at the time, you had to travel down a five mile dirt road to get to it and it was completely secluded.  The guesthouse in which they resided faced a pasture of approximately 100 yards, which ended at the base of a very high, steap canyon wall.  Behind this wall was a drop off into the canyon with a running creek at the bottom.   My mother, one of my aunts, and myself were staying there for a visit.   On this particular night, they along with my grandmother were inside the house talking and my grandad and I were sitting out in the enclosed porch at the front of the house.  He was just beginning to tell me my nightly bedtime story  when we both noticed a yellow light, gradually growing and raising up from behind the far left side of the canyon wall at the end of the pasture.   He said What the hell is that and raised from his chair.   I was attracted to the pretty light and went for the door to go toward it.  He yelled at me and grabbed me back inside and at that moment we saw the object itself rise up from the same location.  It was a dark night but we could see that it was disc shaped by the illumination of it's own light bright, bright yellow came from each of the large square windows, and apparently that created enough light to cast around the object and allow us to see it.   This next part is embarrassing because it sounds so science fiction, but the object made no sound except for the classic rather high pitched beep with approximately 1 second intervals.  It glided up slowly I cannot describe the speed excep t to say that it was like counting 1 one thousand, 2 one thousand, 3 one thousand, etc.  It was traveling slowly, almost like cruising.  It made no darting or quick moves.   My grandad yelled Oh my God, oh my God!  It's a UFO!  Then he started screaming for my grandmother and my mom and my aunt, screaming their names and jumping up and down.  During all of this I was just staring at the object, loving the color and wanting to go toward it.   By the time he managed to stumble into the house the object had been slowly moving over the canyon wall to the right, and before he could get anyone to come out it had descended down behind the wall at the same speed at which it had appeared.  By the time the others got outside there was no sign of it.   For years afterward, Grandad was laughed at by family members it didn't help that he was a practical joker.  But one time years later when I was in my early twenties, I was visiting him in his apartment in CA with my mother when someone brought up the UFO subject and I made the casual remark  like the one that Gramps and I saw and at that instant the 80 year old man jumped up and went nuts yelling You remember! YOU REMEMBER!    After that, nobody laughed at us anymore.   Through the sands of time, the details of the object's description had faded from my conscious memory.   Then about four years ago, I was in the public library in Show Low AZ I live nearby.  I was waiting for the person that I'd hitched a ride into town with to finish up and I picked up a book on unsolved mysteries, UFO sightings, etc.   As I was flipping through the book, a page turned and THERE IT WAS, MY UFO!  The reason I know it to be the same one is that the instant I saw the picture, all the breath left my body I gasped and I fell back onto the wooden reference table and onto a man who was sitting there reading.  I've seen lots of UFO pictures before and I've never had that experience.  It was the same one I'd stake my life on it.  It was a black and white photo, and the caption said it had been taken in New Mexico in 1965.   I was just thinking about my favorite color throughout my childhood, it was the lemon yellow from the 64 count Crayola box.  I have only recently understood why, it was the same yellow as the lights coming from the craft. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));34.2198;-111.2878
Two very bright star like lights that at first were stationary then moving closer to each other, then one moving off very fast and comi;1999-08-07 21:00:00;appox. 1 hr.&20 min;Two very bright star like lights that at first were stationary then moving closer to each other, then one moving off very fast and coming close enough to be seen as a bright glowing object very low and close. Friday evening, my boyfriend (S.), his son (L.)and myself were at Lake Roosevelt for a week-end of camping and boating.  We went to bed around 9:30pm but did not go to sleep because of the heat.  We noticed what seemed to be a very bright star that was stationary but then it seemed to move a bit so it kept our attention.  Before long there was another point of light moving around the first one, coming closer and then moving away from it.  My boyfriend, S., and I kind of blew it off as airplanes or something since we were not that far from Phoenix but L. continued to watch.  I had closed my eyes when I became aware of a relatively bright light (not really much brighter that if a car was passing by our campsite)at the same time L. started yelling for us to look.  I opened my eyes in time to see an object going over the campground.  It wasn't that close but you could clearly see it (kind of like if you were on the ground and the GoodYear Blimp was overhead).  I'm not really good at distances so I don't know how high it was but like I said you could see it clearly.  It looked as if it was glowing from the inside out instead of being illuminated by an outside source.  It almost had a peachy glow to it but it did have some exterior white lights fore and aft.  I am guessing that it was circular in shape but it was like we were seeing it it profile which made it appear more cigar shaped with an extra small dome shape on the top.  It moved rather slowly at first then it just seemed to streak away.  L. told us that it was the second star like object that had moved over us and then disappeared.  When we looked back at where we had originally seen the stars, both were gone.;34.2198;-111.2878
Possible U.F.O. captured in photo, while out  by the river with my dog, at dusk, snapping some Moon Rise pic's w/digital camera.;2005-09-13 18:53:00;10 to 14 second's;Possible U.F.O. captured in photo, while out  by the river with my dog, at dusk, snapping some Moon Rise pic's w/digital camera. I'm a 45 year(young)woman, living in a rural community 12 miles N.E.of Payson Az. While taking my dog out for a romp at nearby river, decided to get out my digital camera and take some pic's.  The sun had just gone down behind the mountain,and the moon was coming up at same time time.  Started snapping pic's of the moon.. until it got too dark. Did not notice anything unusual while there,In fact,i was the only one in the area,a nice quiet time of evening. Also no air traffic that i saw while there either. When dark,drove back to our cabin to make dinner ect. Had not looked at pic's i'd taken,until i loaded them to my c.p.u.3-4 day's later. While viewing my pic's, I then noticed an object in only one of the Moon shot's i'd taken. Not a plane, or a bird ?? Look's to be disk shaped, the moon light is reflecting off the side while casting a shadow on the other side. Also, Notice the angle..??  U.F.O.??? I don't know , What do you think?? Taking pic's of moon comming up ,down @ the Water Wheel Campground..In Payson, Ariz. on Tues. 9-13-05. Used cheap 1.3 mega pixel Samsung camera.  Sent 3- pic's...(1) #0023 taken @time:6:53:32pm. , (2) #0024 (The Pic. With U.F.O. to the Right of the Moon) Time: 6:53:46pm, and (3) #0025 Taken: 6:53:58pm. These are the Original Images as downloaded from my camera. Also will send The IRFANVIEW extended file info. for the image w/ u.f.o. (Imag0024 from above) which show's camera setting's ect. ((NUFORC Note:  We received a photo, but we have no idea what the blurry object to the right of the Moon is.  It could be a contrail, a bird, or some other object of terrestrial origin.  PD));34.2198;-111.2878
