I saw an object that reminded me of a stone skipping in the sky everytime it bounced it got higher and faster.;2002-06-23 17:00:00;15 minutes;I saw an object that reminded me of a stone skipping in the sky everytime it bounced it got higher and faster. Ok heres the best way i can describe this...my brother,sister, my friend and I were outside when i looked in the corner of my eye and saw an object in the sky my first thought was that it was a black plastic bag or a kite swaying back and forth with the same heigth. It was weird i questioned it to myself i dont know about the other three because it was daytime so i didnt think it was real so my brother brought out his camera and it continued to sway back and forth it looked black and shiny, moving direction quick and a couple times it stopped and froze. So my sister and i were tripping out on this than my brother and my friend went into the house and i told my sister i was going to get my binoculars for a closer view so i went inside looked around and couldnt find them so i sat down on the couch and kind of doubted what i was looking at. Then my sister said what are you doing arent you getting your binoculars then something inside me told me to go check it out again so i went outide to see where the object was reminding you it was daylight so i walked outside by myself and my sister was inside for some reason so i scanned the sky looking for that object floating around it was gone but i kept looking for some reason looking in the same spot than suddenly out of knowhere i see a black disc shaped object diving, now at first i thought it was a bird swooping but that changed after i saw it go up again repeating the same movement but getting faster and higher bouncing in the air it amazed me and still is ,it reminded me of somebody skipping a stone in the sky down than up and everytime it would get faster and higher and each time, i heard no sound  then it was gone i think it was building its momentum with our atmosphere to get back to where it came, even my brother came out and i tried to point it out but it was too fast im still wondering about this but i know for a fact what i saw was real and not my imagination i wish somebody was there with me to see that hopefully there will be a report about this, ! i did se e a couple helicopters circling around that area after i wonder if they got a report but all i know is what i saw i will never forget.;34.2350352331606;-118.530728497409
Dark Object with orbiting lights acting as some sort of field;2006-07-02 20:40:00;5;Dark Object with orbiting lights acting as some sort of field Object was first noticed 45 degrees above the horizon North-West of our location.  It was around dusk and with about 15 min. or so left of light we noticed a black object in the sky.   Object was first noted moving east and north (was getting smaller).  It stopped moving east and thats when we noticed a red light not blinking, but scrolling across it.   After staring at it for a few more minutes it was confirmed from multiple people all observing that there were flashes of light, almost like fire flies dancing around it.  It was hard to count since they were not constant in their luminescence, however we did note their patterns etc.  They seemed to be all around it and the lights formed a larger sphere orbiting around the object which seemed to be some kind of EM field.  Everyone confirmed they saw this sphere of lights around the object.   The object made a sudden arc of altitude as it moved west.  The arc that it made in the sky would be about the size of the moon or so (.5-1 Deg).  After about another minute or 2 the object became smaller as it apparently moved north and gained altitude and it was finally lost in the incoming darkness.   During the entire time 3-4 planes with contrails were all seen flying in different directions which all seemed to closely intersect with the location of the UFO. All parties agree to the aspects of the summary and were all coherent and sober at the time.;34.2350352331606;-118.530728497409
