Saw 3 round/oval black objects floating horizontally over the I-80 in northern CA;2020-03-22 16:00:00;2-3 minutes;Saw 3 round/oval black objects floating horizontally over the I-80 in northern CA Sunday, March 22, 2020 around 4PM Pacific Time  My daughter (22 years old) and I (44 years old) were driving west on Appian Way in Pinole, CA.  We came to the intersection of Appian Way and Fitzgerald Dr. and stopped at the stoplight.  There's a Wingstop and Wendy's restaurant kiddie corner to where we were stopped at the light. Above the restaurant building there were 3 large round/oval blackish/grayish balloon looking things. My daughter asks me, Are those balloons? They were really large and looked like mylar balloons, but way too large for regular mylar balloons. They were going kind of slow, somewhat floating like balloons, but did not go up. They floated/flew horizontally across the freeway. As we watched them, it seemed the sun was reflecting off of them, but it was a turquoise color. So it kind of had this black/gray color and sometimes turquoise.  My daughter described them as looking turquoise. Two of them in the front were closer together and one trailing behind. As we were still stopped at the light, they seemed to fly/float over the freeway going in a northwest direction. The light turned green and the entrance to the freeway was really close. We continued watching them and then I saw blue and red lights going off and on like an aircraft. It definitely was not an airplane or a helicopter. When I saw the lights I kind of freaked out, because it dawned on me that it wasn't any kind of aircraft I had ever seen before. I'm a navy brat and my father was a P3-Orion pilot. I was also married to a man in the navy and I've lived on Navy bases, Marine Corps bases and Air Force bases. I've seen a lot of aircraft in my life, but this was something completely new. As I got on the ramp to the freeway to go north, I urged my daughter to take a video or a picture of the UFOs, but she was in the passenger seat and the UFOs were on my left side at that point. She couldn't even see them then. I got off at the next exit which wasn't even a minute away and turned around to go south to try to spot them. We couldn't see them at all. It's like they just disappeared. I'm so disappointed we couldn't get a picture or a video, but it all happened so fast and I was driving. I've followed UFO stories since I was a little girl, but I have never personally witnessed anything like this until now. I'm not ruling out some kind of military surveillance or experiential aircraft or drone. I know that I've never seen anything like it and it didn't look like any drone I've seen.;37.9964;-122.2901
