Low flying, silent, wing shaped craft passed directly overhead while we were moon gazing report on local TV breaking news.;1973-06-15 22:00:00;3-5 seconds;Low flying, silent, wing shaped craft passed directly overhead while we were moon gazing report on local TV breaking news. In late evening of mid June 1973 (best guess) I and my three daughters (aged ((deleted--preteens))) were watching TV when I noticed that there was a full moon and a clear sky so I took the girls out onto the patio to look at the moon.  Within a few minutes I noticed a craft pass directly overhead at an estimated altitude of 200-300 feet.  At the time I was a ((rank deleted)) in USAF working in flight ((deleted--involves flight activities)).  I had been in USAF about ((duration deleted)) years at that time and had worked with aircraft for about 7 years and could identify most of USAF flying inventory at that time.  After the craft passed over I told the girls that I hoped that that EC-121 was not in trouble and did not crash because he was way too low for normal flight.  My first impression was that it was a USAF EC-121 Radar Picket airplane which were stationed at McClellan AFB.  These planes were 1930's era Lockheed Super Constellations.  As we steped back into the house the program we had been watching had been prempted by a local newsbreak.  An unidentified craft had been reported in the Fair Oaks, Citrus Heights areas.  Upon reflecting on what we had seen I realized that there had been no engine sounds.  An EC-121 at 300 feet, assuming not all engines were out, would have been deafening directly over head. It is my contention that the brain does not immediately misidentify objects which it cannot readily identify but initially attempts to identify such objects as a known object.  When I ponderd why I initially identified the craft as a 121 a number of clues came forward.  It appeared to be a medium gray color in the bright moon light the 121's at the base were painted gray.  It appeared to have a wing however upon reflection I could not recall a fuselage, only a wing.  It appeared to have portholes with light emmanating from them. ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) Dear Mr. ((name deleted)),  Thank you very much for the excellent report!  Given your credentials as a USAF military officer, the report is particularly interesting to us.  If possible, I would like to pin down the date with somewhat greater accuracy.  Is there any way you could reconstruct the date, do you think?  For example, do you remember the program you were watching, by any chance?  Also, do you happen to recall the station you were watching that broadcast the news report?  Do you remember the phase of the Moon, perhaps?  Do your daughters remember the incident, by any chance?  If so, would they be willing to submit independent reports of their recollection of the event?  We have observed that different witnesses recall different details about an object, and all those facts help in understanding what was seen.  Finally, could you provide us with an illustration of the object you saw?  If your daughters could do the same, we would be happy to post them with your reports.   Thank you again for sharing the information with our Center!  Cordially,  Peter Davenport ((RESPONSE)) Hello Peter, I would very much like to help pin down the date but all I remember was that I am fairly certain it was in the summer and it was not oppressively hot that night as I recall so I believe it to have been May or June and the moon was full as I recall.  I am fairly sure of the year because we bought the house in summer of 1972 and I resigned my commission in ((month deleted)) 74 and I was working ((location deleted--West Coast)) by Summer of 74.  I put the patio in subsequent to the first summer we were there.  I have not a clue as to program or channel we were watching I am fairly certain it was one of big three ABC, CBS, NBC.  I have talked to my daughters about the incident in the past and they vaguely recall it but primarily because I have brought it up not because in left an impression upon them.  The image in my mind is of a wing with portholes with light emanating from them.  I can sketch such for you and email it.  I had another incident which took place at my parents home in a small village called ((town name deleted)), NY in early July 1978 I will submit it sometime.  At this time I am sort of busy moving my possessions from Maryland to Northern NY have been at it for about 4 months.  I am heading back to MD within a day or so to pick up another load and drag it up here.  ((name deleted)) ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));38.6971318584071;-121.290543362832
