Just a few weeks before I graduated high school in the early months of 1989  I was on my way to pick up a friend at his apartment comp;1989-03-02 18:00:00;10 minutes;Just a few weeks before I graduated high school in the early months of 1989,  I was on my way to pick up a friend at his apartment complex, his name is ((male name deleted)).   ((male name deleted)) lived in an apartment at the bottom of a hill overlooking a river via a steep embankment.  On the other side of the river was an old abandoned cornfield that had not been used in years.  The old cornfield is surrounded by large oak and maple trees that probably top out at 60-100’ tall. As I was driving down the hill, I noticed several huge very bright lights hovering over the treetops across the river above the cornfield. At the time I was 18 and about to graduate high school, so I was pretty naive and did not really understand as to why the lights were there.   My first thought was maybe a stadium was being built because the lights resembled the large lights that sit on top of towers above football fields.   There must have been well over a half dozen of these large bright lights. I went inside ((male name deleted)) apartment and an I asked ((male name deleted)) what was being built over in the cornfield, he said nothing and kind of laughed it off saying there is nothing back there expect dirt and mud. Within a few minutes of arriving, we left ((male name deleted)) apartment and drove back up the hill.  The lights were no longer over the treetops: however, we did see high up in the sky a separation of clouds, and an enormous red halo, which looked like something passed through.   Just below this separation and the halo were several aircraft that seemed to be circling the area or investigating what was once there.   The cloud separation and red halo disappeared as we drove up the hill. One weird thing about this sighing was that there was no reason for any lights to be in the cornfield and there was no real way to get anything back into the cornfield easily and there were airplanes flying around but the airplanes were considerably smaller than the red lights I saw.    This sighting led me to believe in UFO’s for most of my adult life, but today I do not believe in them: however,  I can not explain what I saw that night, and it baffles me to some 28 years later. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.0021;-85.6270000000002
Orange, round light hovering moving around , No sound,  No Flashing;2012-03-13 20:00:00;45 mins;Orange, round light hovering moving around,  No sound,   No Flashing I am constantly looking for satellites, meteors, and anything else that may be lurking up there in the sky. So I am pretty familiar with the ordinary planes, space stations, planets, and etc. Starting on 3/10/12 I was out fishing until just after dark.  With my brother in-law who witnessed the whole event.It is about a mile walk back to my house so I have plenty of time to look at the sky. No city lights for miles makes for great viewing.  This night I could clearly see a large orange light slowly moving to the west.  There was no flashing lights just a steady orange light.  Bigger than the rest of the stars in the sky.  Moving at a steady pace. It moved behind the tree tops, then much to my surprise it stopped dead in its tracks.  The light set steady in one spot for close to 10-15 minutes. Hard to be exact on how long I stood there staring. Through the trees I could see it start to head to the north for maybe 30 seconds then made an immediate upward motion.  The object never left the area it was in and continued to move around the sky in odd movements.  The light never dimmed like a plane or a light that is turning away from you.  Roughly 45 minutes after noticing the object it was suddenly gone. On 3/13/12 I stepped out onto my porch and was simply looking around at how clear the sky was and all the stars.  I looked to my east and noticed the same orange light up in  the sky.  This time it was already doing its funny moving around flying one direction for a few seconds then heading in another.  I yelled for my wife to come outside and see the object I had told her about. We stood out and watched it for a few minutes before I drove down the road to see if it could be a r/c heli or something similar. I drove 3 miles down the road in search of this object.  The object was just like all the rest of the stars in the sky, never got any closer to it.  I turned around realizing it was much farther away than I had thought. It was seen for about an hour total that night.  Again around 8 or 9 pm. On 3/14/12 I was out fishing again til just after dark with my brother in-law again.  This time I was looking for it.  The light was in the same general direction moving around behind the tree tops.  Makes it easier to see its movements.  This night myself and 3 others wife, brother in-law, and his wife all seen the light. There wasn't ever any sound associated with this light or any other flashing with the light.  Happened all around the same time of night 8-9 pm.  Only had phone camera which would not take a clear shot of the light and wouldn't see it at all on video.;39.0021;-85.6270000000002
