On Saturday evening just after dark on November 18, 1995 an arrowhead-shaped ufo was spotted to the east approx. 100 yrds. from Davis R;1995-11-18 21:00:00;15 min.;Summary : On Saturday evening just after dark on November 18, 1995 an arrowhead-shaped ufo was spotted to the east approx. 100 yrds. from Davis Ridge Road hoovering just above tree top level, shinning a beam downward behind the neighbors home. It was motionless and totally silent. It had a light at each corner and the beam came from the center. It was approx. 40' x 25'. After I got out it started moving west at about 5 mph. We followed until it descended behind a ridge out of sight about a half mile away. The neighbors had cattle out back. -((deleted)) Administrator I also work as the founder and administrator of ((deleted)) , a satellite and high altitude survey and mapping oriented organization that provides information about new technology for discovering natural resources and minerals, surveying, guides, and related issues  ((URL deleted)) . I'll take any test to prove the validity of my observation. My family is highly respected in the community as honest and truthful. On one Saturday evening just after dark  The black, arrowhead-shaped ufo was hoovering silently as it casted a cone-shaped beam into the neighbors back yard. We couldn't see what it was shinning on as it was behind the crest of the high-ground behind the house where the cattle were kept. I got out of the car which was stopped in the middle of the road and looked over the roof at the ufo in astonishment. It was completely silent. It had a light at each corner underneath and the beam came from the bottom center of the craft. Apparently, we were spotted too, and the ufo turned the beam off. Then it proceed at a low speed (approx. 5 mph) to the west. We were observing the ufo eastward from Davis Ridge Road at first. It came almost directly over us. It was about 80' off of the ground. It continued west and we turned the car around and followed. The road ran north and south though, and b! y the time we were heading west coming off the ridge we saw it descend below a ridge to the west of us. We saw it no more. The whole affair lasted about 15 minutes. Everyone in the car saw it. We all had gotten out to see it before we jumped back in to pursue it. I got the impression that the occupants of the craft could care less if we saw it that night, as it seemed to be in no hurry for the most part.;34.9213;-85.1486
