traingle shaped object with 3 lights(ones at each corner)hovering very low;1995-07-16 20:00:00;TRIANGLE UFO SITTING OVER;traingle shaped object with 3 lights(ones at each corner)hovering very low Me and my mother was on our way back home from the store and the road we were on, has about 30 feet of woods and then the interstate.We seen a triangle shaped object with a light a each corner.We stopped in the middle of the road to get a better look.It was not moving ,it was sitting there hovering very low.We both started freaking out .  We started speeding home as fast as we could.We told my dad about it,him and my brother went back up the road to see what we were talking about,It was gone.They didnt see it any where. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));34.9213;-85.1486
Unusual aircraft spotted near Ringgold, Ga...what was it???;2000-08-15 01:50:00;10-15 minutes;Unusual aircraft spotted near Ringgold, Ga...what was it??? Last night, I was on my way home from a friend's house.  I was driving down one of the major roads that connects Ft Oglethorpe to Ringgold.  I noticed a ball of light moving across the sky...it was too fast and low to be a plane, and too slow to be a falling star. I watched the light move across the sky, it started to disappear behind some tree tops, but made a huge U-turn back toward me. As it turned, I noticed it had 2 lights on it, so I thought maybe it was some kind of plane. I ignored it and kept going, I had to yield to change roads, so I watched the sky again to see if it was still there. When I looked at it again, I saw it alot closer and it had 3 white colored lights, two larger ones on the sides, and one in the middle, a little higher up than the side ones, it also had a small red flashing light in between the three white ones. It was hovering in the air above a house while I was stopped. I turned onto the other road and hightailed it home.  I kept looking back to see if it was anywhere to be seen...but I didn't see it.  As I neared my driveway, I put my turn signal on,and came to a stop, I looked up and the aircraft was directly above my driveway. I could clearly see the three lights and the flashing light at that time, and it looked as if it had some kind of reflective checkerboard pattern on the bottom if it, it was a blue and red reflective kind of pattern. I stopped my car at the top of my driveway and watched the craft as it made it's way across the sky.....directly over my driveway, slowing at the top of my car, and creeping off over my house until it disappeared into the darkness. I waited in my car for a few minutes to make sure it was gone, and ran inside... haven't seen it since then...  There isn't much background to tell you about me, I don't do drugs, hadn't been drinking, wasn't tired, so it wasn't in my mind.  I just want to know what it was....and how it knew where I lived.;34.9213;-85.1486
