Awakened in the middle of the night by a bright, focused light by my head coming through the skylight.;2013-09-15 01:00:00;>30 minutes;Awakened in the middle of the night by a bright, focused light by my head coming through the skylight. While vacationing with friends for the first time in Lincolnville, Maine on September 14, 2013, we arrived at our destination after dark to a house in the woods.  I had not been oriented to my surroundings since my arrival was after dark but was told that the house was on a pond in a wooded area.  I went to bed approximately 11:45 PM which was  in an attic bedroom with a skylight in front of the bed on the drop ceiling.  I was awakened after midnight to a blinding, focused, white light coming through the skylight about thirty yards away from the house, illuminating the bedroom and focused on the wall beside my head.   The light became brighter and slightly dimmer and then brighter again which stayed bright for at least 20 to 30 minutes or longer.  It was brighter than the lights on a football field at night.  I got up and looked out of the skylight and saw three large spotlights arranged two beside each other and the third under them in a triangular fashion.  The lights were attached to a triangular object suspended just below the tall tree line in the quiet black sky.  I did not know what to think so I remained calm and peaceful not even thinking about waking up anyone.  I eventually covered my eyes from the light and fell back to sleep.   When I woke up in the morning I became terrified because the condensation on the skylight took the form of a picture of an alien grey head.  The second morning the condensation looked like half of a huge cat head, and the third morning the condensation reminded me of a Peruvian Indian head. All three of the forms has personal meaning to me.  The first picture reminded me of an UFO encounter that I believed happened to me as a child and had suppressed for about 35 years, the second picture of a cat is my favorite animal and the third picture looked like one of the native indians I saw while visiting Peru in 2007.  It is NOT like me to be so calm in a situation like I experienced in the middle ! of the night in Maine.  All of this is so bizarre that I start! ed not t o report this but this is what I've experienced.;44.3016;-69.0788
