I personally witnessed and took 15 crystal clear photos of a Green Glowing Spaceship and a Robot-Alien-Angel = Being ?;2020-11-22 06:47:00;10 MINUTES;I personally witnessed and took 15 crystal clear photos of a Green Glowing Spaceship and a Robot-Alien-Angel = Being ? Sunday morning November 22nd 2020 at 6:45 AM I noticed the Sun was starting to come through the sliding glass doors facing to the South in my home.When I was about to close the blinds an extremely bright green orb looking light way up in the sky miles away caught my attention.It was very unique and like nothing I had ever seen before it was so far-- yet I could still clearly see it , so I decided to grab my cell phone and run outside to see if I could get a photo or two.I walked to the the property next door = the YMCA parking lot to get a better look since the parking lot is so large and it's a perfect spot to view the open sky , arriving there shortly later almost simultaneously at 6:50AM I began taking photos of the beautiful extremely bright green orb looking light as it went through a large cloud miles away about it's size (I have a photo of this happening !) and started getting larger almost instantly as I snapped the photos frantically as fast as I co! uld physically take them.Suddenly a large Glowing green flying saucer had descended and appeared in the open sky crystal clear above me so I snapped numerous photos of the LARGE GREEN SPACESHIP ABOUT THE SIZE OF A FOOTBALL FIELD ---it was unbelievable ! It then moved all over the sky making extraordinary lightning fast movements ascending back up into the sky , then off to the right --- then moving back to my left etc. then back down in front of me blocking the Sun even in 1 photo which was mind blowing and even appearing through trees the Green Flying saucer !--- it also changed into different shapes looking like a completely different craft amazingly , it had a few windows caught in some of the photos!At one point during all which was going on a Robot - Alien- Angel ? like Being appeared 148 Ft. from me---(I went back and measured later).It is very hard to describe what it is --- to my left looking directly at me communicating with me somehow levitating around 6 to 12 inc! hes off the ground with lights coming out of it as well and th! e body p arts were there but not connected at the joints which was so strange and bizarre--- like nothing you've ever seen before even in a movie.I ran away after taking 6 great up close photos of the Being ? by itself.The 15 photos in the collection are amazing they change the world because finally proof of Spaceships and Beings from who knows where but these photos were a miracle , the perfect storm to get the best evidence in history and believe me we have searched vigorously online etc. myself and law enforcement friends one a seasoned detective with 27 years experience we all agree my photos are the best available ever better than Roswell we even viewed my photos on a large HI Definition big screen TV at one of our buddy's homes and about fainted--- it was astonishing.The photos also prove Bob Lazar who I didn't know anything about until the last few days is telling the truth and we found a YouTube video from October 2010 New York several Green orbs or balloon appearing UFO's re! leased by our Govt. that move lightning fast and appear exactly like what I saw.A UFO investigator reviewed a few of my 15 photos for 10 days and said it's the best evidence in over 23 years investigating UFO's !Also even though the spaceship is crystal clear in most of the 15 photos a few people questioned if the images might just be common green flare's which was ridiculous with our evidence but just to appease them we went out there 7 straight days and took hundreds of photos at the same time in the morning including adjustments made for the changing daily rising of the Sun.NOT EVEN 1 OF THOSE PHOTOS HAS A GREEN FLARE OR ANYTHING IN THEM MUCH LESS WHAT I SAW ! Understand all 15 photos are time stamped authentic photos taking at such a quick time we also know how fast our Spaceship can move by the time stamps !;36.1461363312205;-115.193517511886
