Noticed a green light coming from the West Mountains directly over Kennecott copper mine.;1985-08-30 21:30:00;15;Mid to late summer 1985, walking south from my house with a friend to his house.  Noticed a green light coming from the West Mountains directly over Kennecott copper mine, heading east.  My friend and I noticed it and stopped where we were, and watched it come towards us.  I never heard a sound  coming from the craft  until it was almost directly above us.  The only sound I heard was a kind of buzzing or rumbling and you could almost feel it going right through you, sound that is.   Once it was directly above us we argued a little bit about how high it was and how big it was.  We both agreed it was probably somewhere between  500 to 1000 feet high.  I remember it was hard to gauge how high it was  because of its immense size.  We also guessed it to be about 1000 feet long and approximately 250 to 300 feet across.    There were three distinct separate cigar shaped crafts, not visibly or structurally joined but  moved as one vehicle the entire time.  Each one was separated from the other by about 25 to 50 foot spaces.  We lived in the flight path to Salt Lake international Airport, so I have seen planes come in fairly low, but I have never seen anything  close to this size in the sky, even down low.   I am guessing it took about 15 to 20 minutes for the craft to go from the Oquirrh mountains in the west to disappearing over the Wasatch Mountains to the east of the Salt Lake Valley,  Mountains in the west to disappearing over the Wasatch Mountains to the east of the Salt Lake Valley,  probably about 15 miles across.  It never changed speed or course and pretty much stayed the same color kind of a greenish blue to a bluish green.   After it disappeared over the Wasatch Mountains, we discussed some things in amazement and wondered what we have seen.    We started walking towards my friend's house again, when a friend of mine that was about a year older than me came down the street towards us pretty fast, and asked us if we had seen something In the sky.  We both said yes! and began talking to him about it, he said he was at a friend's house near Herriman, Utah, and had been chasing it towards the east until it disappeared over the Wasatch Mountains.   About a minute or two later a Salt Lake County Sheriffs car turn onto our street with its lights on, pulled up alongside the three of us and asked the same questions.  He stated  there have been several calls about it and he had also seen it for a short time but did not know what it was either.  This took place about 30 years ago and I do not remember much more.  I do remember talking about it with my mom and I do remember her saying that she had talked to several friends that either seen it or heard about it also.   My friend and I did not discuss it much either after that night and I had thought at one time I had probably just imagined the whole thing.  I ran into the same friend  about 10 years ago and we both kind of brought it up again then.  We both said kind of the same things about thinking we may have imagined it all these years, but after our discussion, we both remembered the same story  in detail.  Neither of us still have any idea of what we had seen but it was nice to get a little bit of confirmation from each other that it wasn't just something we imagined. Thanks for listening.  I hope there has been others that may have reported this.  I would like to hear their stories.  By the way even though the sheriff said there was multiple reports, we watched the local news for a couple of days, which is not something 15-year-old boys do and there was absolutely no reports.  To my knowledge there was no pictures or video taken.;40.4953;-111.9439
