Red and blue flashing lights, low to the ground, behind my car on a deserted road in Riverton, Utah.;2002-10-01 22:30:00;2 minutes;Red and blue flashing lights, low to the ground, behind my car on a deserted road in Riverton, Utah. I was traveling South on Redwood Road, coming up on the area of Camp Williams military base. I passed another car that was headed North, and I remember feeling really bad because I left my high-beams on, because the headlights in my car would only work in the high-beam position, and only if I held it in that position manually. The car passed, though, and went around a bend, and there were no other cars on the road. I remember it was very dark.  At that point, I began to see the flash of red and blue lights illuminating the area. I thought I was getting pulled over for leaving my high-beams on, so I started to look for a safe place to pull over. As I slowed down, I looked in my rearview mirror, and I could see actual flashing red and blue lights, and I looked over my shoulder and saw them in the rear window.  After a minute, I found a place where there was enough of a shoulder on the road to pull over. I pulled over and put the car in park, and then I noticed that there were no longer any flashing lights. I looked all around. There was no car behind me. I was completely alone on the road. I just sat there, wondering what that was all about.  As I sat there, I replayed the incident in my mind. I could visualize the red and blue flashing lights as they appeared through my rear window. All of a sudden it occurred to me that there were no headlights. There had been no headlights below the red and blue flashing lights! I started to panic. In fact, I was just plain terrified at that point. I knew that something very out of the ordinary had just happened to me.  I was so scared, I didn’t know what to do. I grabbed my cell phone and called my husband, at home. I explained what had just happened, and he told me to put the car in drive and drive home fast. He was scared too. As I spoke to him, I tried to gather my thoughts. I tried to tell him all the tiny details of what had just happened, so I would remember it all. I was scared and confused, and felt like I needed to go through it all and figure it out. In doing so, I recalled distinctly that there had been no headlights. There was no flash of white light, as it would have appeared if a car had turned around and their headlights swung around in the turn. There was no indication of a car pulled over further behind me, although it was very dark and I may not have seen it if there was. Everything I recalled then and everything I recall now is just completely puzzling.  Living near Camp Williams, in Eagle Mountain, had afforded us many opportunities to see military helicopters of all sorts. For a few minutes I thought that perhaps it might have been a helicopter, but I have been below low flying helicopters before, and I know what that sounds like. I was even buzzed by a low flying Blackhawk one night as my husband and I drove down the highway, so I know how it sounds when one is close. The thing that kept coming back to me as I recalled the bizarre occurrences of that evening is that there was no sound. As close as those lights were to my vehicle, I know I would have heard the sound, if it had been a helicopter. It was close enough that I saw the source of the flashing lights in both my rearview mirror and in my rear window. Whatever it was, it was very low to the ground and very close to my car.  I have always held a neutral position regarding the ideas of extra-terrestrials and UFOs. I have neither believed, nor disbelieved in them. I’ve enjoyed watching sci-fi shows, but it was always just silly fun to me. I’ve never really considered myself a “believer”. That night my skepticism really dropped to an all-time low. I’m still not really what you would call a “believer”, but I’m a great deal closer to it since then. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.4953;-111.9439
In distance, looked like a plane that decided to stay in one spot flashing its lights.;2012-05-10 23:15:00;40 minutes;In distance, looked like a plane that decided to stay in one spot flashing its lights. It was just me at first, I went on front porch for a cigarette, I seen a white light moving away from me,  I thought it was an airplane , it flashed red and a little bit of blue, but it wasn't getting smaller so it made me observe closer.  This thing wasn't getting smaller as if moving away from me, or getting bigger as to be coming towards me.  It then suddenly veered to the right and disappeared. So weird.  I looked around and there was another one, it did start to get smaller so I thought, oh that is probably a plane, then, it just stayed there, and stayed there.  My kids had friends over, so I called them out,  I asked what they thought that could be, they said maybe a shooting star, I laughed and said, then why isn't it shooting, I told them to look close at the different color lights flashing and it's not moving.  One of the boys(and I think the others too) got scared, so I told them to just go watch their movie.  I went up and got my friend that is livi! ng with us, out of bed.  She was fascinated too.  She and I watched, while it stayed there for a long time, until we were so tired and went to bed.  She also could see the Different color lights.We both could see that the lights were repeating, so came to the conclusion that they were moving around and around the object.  So strange!!    Would love to know if anyone in the surrounding area witnessed this.  Kind of freaky, but at the same time exciting!!!;40.4953;-111.9439
