The vehicle or object was a strange glowing gold/orange color and didn't resemble any jet aircraft I've seen in the past.;2001-08-01 20:15:00;4-5 minutes;The vehicle or object was a strange glowing gold/orange color and didn't resemble any jet aircraft I've seen in the past. A glowing, gold/orange cylinder-shaped object was observed flying from a southwest to northeast toward Chicago. The area of observation is near O'Hare and Midway airports, and several jet aircraft were in the area flying in normal traffic patterns, for this time of day.  We noticed the object was flying nearly at the same altitude of the jet aircraft, but much faster.  The object all at once slowed down as a B-757 aircraft departed Midway airport, westbound and flew past our position.  We were amazed at this behavior, as if the object was observing the jet. The object then accellerated to the northeast and disappeared in a wink as a B-727 came into view from the east. The 727 entered the O'Hare inbound traffic pattern, flying downrange and turning 180 degrees to begin a final approach. We stood  in disbelief to what we just witnessed.  It seemed that object was right on top of the 727 and then just vanished. Based upon my 25 years in the airline industry, knowing aircraft performance, physical characteristics and traffic patterns flown by commercial aircraft in this area, I have never seen such a strange object or vehicle in this area. I am quite certain the object  was not a military or commercial aircraft. Based upon the following observations: 1) Aircraft operating in the area were distinguished by familiar physical characteristics, dark in appearance with wings, landing lights and anti-collision lights easily seen and flying in a pattern. 2) The object was a glowing, gold/orange cylinder with NO wings and NO tail section, it  changed speeds, and immediately vanished. I have witnessed UFO's hovering near the ground, and flying at altitude in the western U.S.  I have never seen an object or UFO enter controlled airspace until this incident, and frankly, the episode was chilling. I am very concerned about the possibility of these vehicles colliding with commercial aircraft. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke at length over the telephone with this witness, and we found him to be quite credible.  He has had considerable experience in the aviation/airline industry.  PD));41.7839198275863;-88.0100439655172
4 UFO's seen in Chicago Suburbs;2005-07-07 18:05:00;10 minutes;4 UFO's seen in Chicago Suburbs I was laying in the grass in front of my house facing East.  I was in the yard with three other people, my brother and two friends.  I made a comment of, do you see that, and I wasn't the only one who saw this.  We witnessed four ufos east of downers grove.  The ufos that we witnessed looked cylinder in shape.  At times they seemed to get brighter, or almost glow a orangish-red color.  The objects at times, aligned and moved together.  At one point, they were in a diamond shape and a trapezoid shape.  They moved from the east to the southeast. During time in travel, they looked as though they disappeared and then would be able to catch sight of them but in a different location.  They all disappeared after ten minutes.  During this time also, we live by two airports, O'Hare and Midway.  There were many planes flying through the air, and these were no planes.  At times they would also appear to be stationary.;41.7839198275863;-88.0100439655172
