3 small Strobing craft flew over PP&L building at great speed and headed over south mountain out of eye sight;2008-01-14 01:34:00;15seconds;3 small Strobing craft flew over PP&L building at great speed and headed over south mountain out of eye sight I saw 3 small crafts about 50-100ft across with amazing speed fly over the PP&L (Pennsylvania Power & Electric) building at about 1:34am with several changing strobing lights and then they headed over south mountain with great speed and dissapeared from eye sight ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.6011315950919;-75.4830469325154
A formation of 4 reddish orange speares moving in formation, one after the other.;2013-12-27 17:40:00;~20 minutes;A formation of 4 reddish orange speares moving in formation, one after the other. I noticed the first reddish orange looking ball slowly moving in the sky while driving my ford ranger truck into Allentown from Bethlehem city.  I then decided to pull over and get the full view of it moving from NW to SE direction along with 3 other speares (total 4) moving slowly in the same direction, equally spaced, and following each other.  The first one slowly disapered into the sky and the others followed one by one.  I also noticed during this time quite a few people pulling over and looking up at the formation of these 4 reddish orange speares.;40.6011315950919;-75.4830469325154
2 twin spheres of orange light encircle airport, state trooper helicopter take off and chase;2016-02-08 21:00:00;~3 minutes;2 twin spheres of orange light encircle airport, state trooper helicopter take off and chase I was heading west on route 22.  I first noticed the two orange spheres (one above the other) on the far west side of the airport when I was driving past the exit before airport rd. airport road on the north side of 22 is where the airport (west side)Lehigh - Northampton Airport Authority / 3311 Airport Road/Allentown, PA, 18109 /1-800-FLY-LVIA and the state trooper barracks m (east side) is located.  Trooper Address: 2930 Airport Rd, Bethlehem, PA 18017 Trooper Phone:(610) 861-2026. At a distance, when I first noticed them, they didn't catch my attention as anything out of the ordinary.  I used to live in an apartment complex behind me a ways and I saw air traffic all the time. But as I got closer I realized these two things had no body to them, also as a side note there was zero air traffic going on before, during, or after the event.  The best I could see them because of trees getting in the way, they were encircling the airport complex from the west side over the south side and hangar area to where I was on the southeast side right above the corner of the complex near the clover leaf ramps. This is the only part I'm going to go out on a limb with because at the moment I pulled off on the side of the road on the exiting ramp, the two objects which had been moving quickly had now nearly stopped. the bottom object just before this.. sorry I should mention they had been in a uniform position together up to this point one above the other.. the bottom object had broken away from the top one and was moving about just a little bit, going out and coming back into this formation.  As they had slowed way down to almost now hovering a good football field height above the ground and almost the same distance away from me at about a 2'o clock from my windshield, out of the corner of my eye to the north, right side of me through my passenger window, the state barracks m helicopter was lighting up and taking off of the pad.  I think these two objects with their slow down were responding to helicopter churning up and leaving the ground.  Of course, maybe. This is when I quickly unbuckled, shifted to the passenger seat, had my hand on the iPhone which was all wired up to the truck to listen to music.  By the time I had sat down and was looking out of the window these two objects had broke formation and were next to each other by perhaps 3 times the distance from one another as they were in the original formation. They were now on the north side of the field well past race street.  That's a distance of about a mile roughly in the 3 seconds it took me to switch seats and regain visual on them.  They then disappeared into the cloud bank. At the same time the helicopter was just banking in their direction and heading in that direction. After the banking,  the helicopter shut off all lights including any flashers.  They had no flashers even when they went after these things into the low cloud bank. I watched for a little while longer but I'm on a time crunch with my delivery and had to go. So two things before I finish..  One, the orange spheres were beautiful. the orange was like looking into a ball of sodium light.. but also, not like looking into a street sodium light..  The color was the same, except it had that alive/electric look to it that perhaps looking into the center of a lit sparkler would have.  They also had a red plasma/lightning rippling effect over the balls..  That's why it was twinkling when I saw them at distances.  There were other people that were not only pulled over like the two cars at the top shoulder of the ramp.. but the right lane of airport rd. heading north before the airport/barracks light had completely stopped under them.  I don't know why else these people would be stopped in either places. Like all of my experiences with this phenomenon, another one for the books.   Thank you Mr. Davenport for all you do.. remember, there are a lot of us out there that depend on you for what you do.  I believe this is one of the most important issues in our society. It's a huge shame so little of us are paying attention to it.  I promise to report everything I see from now on.  This job in the middle of the night gives me a huge chance to catch these things.  I should really invest in a fish eye go pro!!;40.6011315950919;-75.4830469325154
