Pacing light between Prescott and River Falls;2000-08-01 02:00:00;5 minutes;Pacing light between Prescott and River Falls I was coming back from my girlfriend's apartment in River Falls, returning home to Cottage Grove, MN.  I am not sure of the date, I cannot pinpoint it in my memory.  I do remember that it was near my girlfriend's birthday, which is in August, and that when I went to see her back then, we stayed up late, as I did not have to work early, so I estimate the time as somewhere between 1 am and 3 am, CST.  I was heading west on highway 10, and I was just approaching Prescott, WI when, out of the corner of my eye, over a darkened corn field to my left, I saw something move.  I turned my head and looked.  At first, I thought it was a reflection of my dashboard lights on the window glass, so I decided to roll down my window.  The light was still there, pacing my car, about 1-1.5 miles to the south of me, over the cornfield.  after a few minutes of watching this light and not paying attention to the road, I decided to stop my car on the side of the highway.  I looked down for a split second to get my cell phone so that I could call my girlfriend and tell her what I was seeing.  When I looked up, I saw the light streak east and disappear.  My cell phone, which is never turned off, and had no mechanical problems, was turned off.  When I turned it back on, the time did not register right away, and I had no signal in an area in which I normally have full signal.  For about five minutes I sat there, my car idling while I tried to get my cell to work properly.  It would not.  It would not right itself until I got home that night, some 20 minutes later. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));44.8554;-92.6308
multiple lights seen moving in all directions.;2003-06-16 23:30:00;on going;multiple lights seen moving in all directions. This is my first multi-sighting.  At approx 11:30pm 06/16/03 one of the men who resides in a 1/2 way house I manage came to me and said for the last 3 nights we have seen stars move across the sky. I went out side and looked up at the night sky that was fairly clear but some high thin clouds were blocking parts of the view, however the major features were visable...Big Dipper ect.. At first I didnt see anything so I went back inside, then a minute later I heard one of the guys say loudly there's one! I ran outside and saw a light move quickly from N to S running parallel with the Big Dippers' handle. After about 20 seconds it disappeared, in that time span it had moved nearly the lenght of the visable sky from N to S. About that same time I spotted another light moving S to N at about the same speed in the eastern sky about 30 degrees east of the first light, this light disappeared behind some high clouds and I lost track of it, less then a minute later I saw another light move very quickly from W to E but also lost it in high clouds. What I thought first was a meteor shower was certainly not that ! Neither was it commercial aircraft because there was atleast 4 in that time period flying E to W to land at either St Paul Holman field or MSP and they very easy to see and follow because River Falls is in a landing corridor for both airports, although the jets all usually  fairly high up yet when they pass overhead. I can get three others to confirm this and probably much more because they have been watching this for several nights now! To me it seemed like these lights were on patrol for something being there were many more than the three I clearly saw, dozens have been seen by two of our residents, I plan on watching atleast 2 more hours tonight and then again tomorrow!;44.8554;-92.6308
Mysterious lights over River Falls, WI.;2013-06-29 22:30:00;20 minutes;Mysterious lights over River Falls, Wi. At about 10:30 in the evening of June 29th, My son and I witnessed 3-4 slow moving silent orange/reddish lights moving east to west at a distance of about 400-500 hundred feet away and at a height of about 100-150 feet.   The approximate size of the craft would be about that of a basketball.  We witnessed these lights in a series of fly by's with each formation consisting of 3-4 craft in each fly by.  They were guided and they made no sound and the lights could fade out entirely, this happened in front of our house and we have video footage and pictures.   With our exact location known (where we took the pictures from) and the pictures and video we have we can make some very accurate calculations of size and speed and distance of the objects.;44.8554;-92.6308
lights in V formation, orbiting directly overhead 2 times within 45 minutes, on the second pass around the crafts broke formation;2020-04-19 21:30:00;fast;lights in V formation, orbiting directly overhead 2 times within 45 minutes, on the second pass around the crafts broke formation My Friend and I were out gazing, hoping to catch the spacex satellite train.. (we were not able to see the train this night for whatever reason.) However, at aproximately 9:30 P.M., coming from the south. We saw what looked to be a V formation of 7-8 separate bright objects 6-7 objects making up the “V” and 1 object following directly beside the V formation.  They made no sound and moved at a very high rate of speed so we amused they were a cluster of satellites moving in very low earth orbit. Didn’t think too much of it till we saw the same V formation of lights coming from the south again @ 10:13P.M.  If they were the same craft as 40-45 minutes before, (and I believe they were.) This implies they orbited the planet in half the time it should take to orbit!(usually around 90 min)  They presumedly were traveling at about 34000miles per hour. As if that wasn’t amazing enough, as the lights passed over the second time and reached about midway in the sky, the formation began to MOVE and SHIFT OUT OF the V formation, and each “craft” sort of crisscrossed went independently of one another.  Then they went out of sight again!   I don’t know what to make of this… this is not tech that I've ever heard of.;44.8554;-92.6308
