An orange glowing object was observed moving across the sky and did not resemble a satellite or plane.;2009-08-30 21:30:00;5 minutes;An orange glowing object was observed moving across the sky and did not resemble a satellite or plane. Through the trees we saw a Bright globe of orange high up in the sky.  It moved at a moderate pace, like that of a satellite, across the sky and glowed as if it was on fire. There was no distinct tail like on a comet and it was much slower than a falling meteor. As it traveled westerly towards us from the east it grew slightly bigger.  Closer to the middle was extremely bright orange.  It continued to move westerly, than started turning in a southerly direction across the sky and began to slowly get smaller. At this time, a satellite traveling in a northerly direction passed near the unknown object.  There was a distinct difference between the size of the tiny satellite and the large object.  At the same time, a plane was traveling easterly, toward the unknown object.  The plane was blinking in the night sky and was distinctly different and smaller than the unknown object. The unknown object continued in a southerly direction as its large glow dimmed  and eventually the object was out of sight. We looked up the Space Shuttle and International Space Station logs on NASA website for viewing times in our area.  We observed the object at 9:30 pm U.S. Central time and on the NASA website it shows that shuttle is viewable at 5:05 am and the international space station is visible at 4:50 am.  These times do not correlate to our sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.8554;-92.6308
It was a large, hexagonal object floating fast directly above my house.;2014-10-10 22:25:00;1 second;It was a large, hexagonal object floating fast directly above my house. I'm not sure what woke me up. It was 10:25 pm. I went to my bedroom window. It was a full moon and I could clearly see a huge, hexagonal shape moving from east to west almost directly above my house!  It had no lights whatsoever, but was clearly visible in the moonlight.  There were darker more complex shapes beneath it, but I only saw it for a second. It did not make a sound.  It was only visible for a second, but I could see it clearly before it moved beyond my line of sight past my house.  It completely freaked me out.  It was so close, I would guess no more than 500 feet.  I'm still not sure I believe it, but I've never sleep walked or hallucinated in my life.  I'm not even a believer, or at least I wasn't.;44.8554;-92.6308
