I and my brother were sitting on swings in a school playground, when a trianguler shaped object appeared.;1992-06-15 20:00:00;2-3 mins;SUMMARY:  I and my brother were sitting on swings in a school playground, when a trianguler shaped object appeared. It was around 8 o'clock pm (20:00) and my brother and I were sitting on swings in the Rocky Branch Elementry School playground, waiting for some of our friends.  It was dark out but the lights from the school lit up the playground.  Corn fields were on 3 sides of the school and a street to the other.   We were sitting and talk when suddenly the silence behind us stopped.  We heard a soft humming like the sound the comes from one of those green power boxes (the big ones with the large hinges)    Then a large triangular shaped object came from behind us (to the south).  It was about 100 ft. off the ground.  It had yellow flashing lights on each point.   It stayed above us for about 2-3 mins then rapidly accelarated back to the south over a mountain.  After it burst away a very bright light shone for about a half a second.;44.8554;-92.6308
Three white lights in triangle shape and one red light. Flying very low and very late at night.;2013-07-28 02:26:00;8 minutes;Three white lights in triangle shape and one red light. Flying very low and very late at night We were driving around late at night and saw this low flying object in front of us hovering slowly it moved across the sky.  There were three lights in a triangle shape and then one red light. I stared at it as it hovered unusually low to the ground the weird part was as long as I stared we could not make out what the object was.  It was flying so low and was out so late, our first thought was helicopter but after looking at it for awhile, it defiantly wasn’t. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.8554;-92.6308
Large light/objects seen in sky during daytime.;2017-10-08 17:49:00;5 minutes;Large light/objects seen in sky during daytime. I was sitting on my deck and leaned my head back to stretch and noticed a bright light in the sky.  I couldn't figure out what it was so I kept watching it.  It was a clear, blue-sky day with no clouds.  The object was very bright and the lights were sort of on the sides.  It was like reflective lights that were flashing very quickly.  The object had a triangular shape and was gray in the center in between the lights.  The object was stationary and then quickly shot off to the side and disappeared.  A few seconds later the object appeared again in a different spot along with more similar objects.  At one point several of the lights/objects went into a circle shape and then zoomed off and disappeared.  The objects kept appearing, veering off VERY fast and then reappearing smaller, which just seemed farther away.  I took a video the last minute, or so.  Another person saw the lights toward the end, when they were smaller and farther away.  My dog started barking! ferociously when the original object veered away rapidly.   These objects were also moving around the sky erratically, quickly changing direction or disappearing and reappearing.;44.8554;-92.6308
