V shaped craft spotted in day, followed by 3 consecutive nights of low altitude bright lights tracking across the sky.;2004-07-12 02:00:00;5-6 minuits;V shaped craft spotted in day, followed by 3 consecutive nights of low altitude bright lights tracking across the sky. well, i actually have seen lights in the sky for 3 consecutive nights in a row, thats what made me whant to report this. one isolated incident wasnt going to make me do this, but 3 nights in a row... hmmmm.. and i had one day time observation. it all began about 4 days ago while i was painting a house for my father, i looked up in the sky and saw a V shaped mettalic craft moving through the sky, very slowly. it was so odd that i actually got down from the latter to watch it. it made its way behind a tree and when i went around the tree to continue observing the craft it was gone. two nights later i was at my girlfriends house and we were called outside to see something wierd, it was a light moving through the sky, now im a big space buff, and an amature astronomer, and i can tell you it was not a satilite we were viewing, nor was it a plane, it was far to close to the ground to be a plane or a satilite, and far far to bright. the next night we were at the drive-in watching the day after tomorrow when the same light whent by again, this time it was still almost day out, the sun had just gone down, the light was still as brite as ever, and tracking a different direction than before, others had to have seen it, it whent right behind the drive-in screen before it seemed to change direction slightly. and last but not least tonight. this time i got a really good look at it, i was outside enjoying the stars, when it appeared again, tracking a different direction again, i watched it for several minuits, seeing as i got a really long good look at this one, i could tell it was very very close to the ground, probably as close as a helecopter would fly, and it made absolutly no noise, not a bit of noise. it tracked across the nights sky and dissapeared into the distance.;49.7824;-92.7506
