Long steel pipe shaped object with No Wings, a dark outline and bright interior floating at low altitude;2010-08-18 19:25:00;5 Min. maybe more;Long steal pipe shaped object with No Wings, a dark outline and bright interior floating at low altitude. On a short break, watching some birds flying overhead and an object caught my attention.  I watched this object pass through some small light clouds as it floated slowly in a Easterly direction. First words out of my mouth were....what the....there's NO WINGS!!  I repeated this several times. This object was very long compared to its thickness (Long Tube), another thought for describing would be a (Long steal pipe). There was only one cloud above and to the East that had a high bank that tappered off.  The object slowly entered into the cloud at a slow speed and was covered up. I stood for a while longer looking all around this cloud waiting for it to exit, as I headed back to my job slowly, and with my eyes on the cloud...absolutely nothing came out of the cloud. I have thought of all other possibilities as to what it could have been..... The only things that are most outstanding is that it was very long for its thickness and with no contours to the body.  The other outstanding thing is that it did not have wings. There was a dark outline around the object, and with a (best description) white/shiny interior, the end were exactly the same (rounded), and there was no glare off the object from the sun in the West. I cant get this out of my mind....its time I report this!  The clouds were not that high up, a large plane at that height and speed would be too slow for long distance travel, and not to mention the shape would be of a plane clearly!  When I think of the cloud bank and the length of the object, the object could easily have covered at least 3 quarters of the clouds thickness (bank)!  With the sun shining from the West would why would one see a dark outline all around the object?   I really hope someone else in Dryden had seen this that day besides myself!;49.7824;-92.7506
Objects was pyramid shape,bright lights, staying in one spot and big.;2012-09-08 00:00:00;not sure;Objects was pyramid shape,bright lights, staying in one spot and big. The Object seen was a pyramid shape, the colour was silver like new metal very bright.  I seen only one, it was a clear night and the moon was 3/4 full, The object had three lights on the bottom and one light on the top.  The top light and the light on the left were both a bright Green and the other two lights were Bright White.  It seemed quiet largealmost the size of the moon.   I live in a rural area 1/2 hour east of Dryden Ontario.  It happened at Three AM I was taking my dog out side to go to do his business.  The object was sitting in the east, south east of the house high above the tree's and to the right of the moon, it was like a painting could see The object very clear, I was frightened and took my dog back into the house right away.  Not sure how long it was there before I went out or how long it stayed there.  Was a frighting sight for me.;49.7824;-92.7506
Flashing lights and a curved shape with high speed.;2013-02-01 09:30:00;20 minutes;Flashing lights and a curved shape with high speed. My mother and I were driving home from her boyfriend's house and I looked into the sky and I saw a star like light that was flashing red, blue, green and yellow. I thought it was my eyes so I looked at another star.  It was normally coloured.  I pointed it out to my mom and she seen the exact same thing.  When we got close to our city, I could see a faint gray manta ray-like shape even with a short tail.   All the while the light was flashing. I could see that it was zig-zagging and moving about our speed(100 km).  I tried to look at it with my telescope, but it wouldn't focus.  I have seen another like this with flashing lights but in a triangle shape about 1 year ago.  Was this just my eyes, or is it real? ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));49.7824;-92.7506
