disk shaped craft with sequential lights at approx, 100' altitude crossing fields then hiway I was traveling.;1998-08-18 21:15:00;3 minutes;disk shaped craft with sequential lights at approx, 100' altitude crossing fields then hiway I was traveling. I was traveling north on Hwy. 27 in Baldwin County, Al on my way in to work on the graveyard shift. I had just passed the Texaco Station on my left and as I made it through the intersection I could clearly see a craft of some sort at what I would guess would be a distance of about 1/2 mile. From that distance it appeared to maintain it's altitude and I continued driving toward it not wanting to believe my eyes. As I closed on the craft I realized that although at first it appeared to be approaching from a direct right angle ( from the east to west) it actually crossed the Hwy heading in what appeared to be a southwest direction using the hiway as true north. In reality I was actually beginning to slow my vehicle as I approached the craft. I remembered looking in my rearview mirror to see if any other cars were behind me and witnessing the same. But I only at best remember possibly seeing other headlights ( of other vehicles). My attention was strictly focused on the large craft that was now beginning to cross the hiway at what appeared to be an altitude of about 100-140 feet. It appeared to be disk shaped from the side view but as it passed over the road I could detect a V-design to the rear. At first sighting, what was so obvious were the sequential lights that appeared to be flashing aroung the edge of the the disk. What seemed odd were the almost sci-fi quality to the movement of lights and the colors. Seemed like yellow, green, red. Can't fully recall exactly. As it passed over the road I could tell by the outline of sequential lights looking from a rear angle that there was a V-design of sorts. By now (the time that the craft passed over the road) I had stopped my vehicle and pulled over on the narrow shoulder of the road and had the window down, with my head out the window in awe of what I was witnessing. I remember briefly looking back again for other vehicles but my attention was quickly returned. As I watched, it continued across the road and over a stretch of tall pines. I don't remember ever! hearing any sounds like conventional aircraft would be making at that altitude and no more than 300-500 feet away from me. I had a camera in my backpack but I could not reach it so I noticed a driveway about 1/8 mile north of my position whereby I could turn around and retrieve my camera so as it disappeared over the tree tops, I sped up to the driveway and got my camera only to be obscured from view by the tall pines. It obviously did not alter course and I lost sight due to trees. But it passed within 500 feet of a residence in this farmland, tyoe  open setting. The night was clear and so was my mind as I was rested and heading in to work. No drugs, booze. Sober as a judge. The craft I approximate was about 80 to 100 feet across the beam and about the same length wise. This event changed my life. I had always, as most people, been a skeptic regarding UFO sightings. But now I know that what I saw I have never seen before and probably never again. I wish I knew what it was. I remember thinking why would something that big and silent have such highly visible lights. Thinking that a higher intelligence would have some cloaking or camoflauge to it. This thing was highly visible, but like I stated earlier, I could detect no sound over the idle of my own engine.;30.5248;-87.7459
