Two red circular orbs low in night sky.;2009-02-26 22:30:00;1-2 min;Two red circular orbs low in night sky. SIGHTING   It was February 26, 2009 sometime around 10:30 - 11:00 P.M. while returning home from Thursday night’s class, traveling westbound on hwy 114 approaching the outskirts of Rhome, Texas, that I became aware of two red objects low on the horizon just slightly to the right of the roadway ahead of me.  These two red orbs were pulsing on and off at a rate of about 20 -30 times a minute.  The on to off timing was uniformly equal and pulsing in unison.  The size of the red orbs were slightly smaller than your thumbnail held at arms’ length and the shape was perfectly circular with a very defined edge, no fuzziness or light diffusion.  The distance between the two orbs was approximately the width of your fist at arms’ length.  There was some relative motion between the two objects:  the one on the left appeared steady on its course while the one on the right changed its altitude dipping down and then back to its level position.  As I continued driving due west the objects appeared to be drifting to the left or southward and now the roadway was turning slightly northward to a west-north-west heading and the view of the objects were being obstructed by trees.  I thought I would pull over and stop to watch these red orbs and continued forward to have a clearer view now appearing through my side window.  The clear view was now coming up, but before I pulled off to the shoulder there appeared what I would describe as a burst from between and above the plane of the two orbs not unlike a jet going supersonic with its wing producing a shock wave.  I had traveled about a mile in this episode so it was visible to me for about one minute.  I continued onward where the road crosses over the railroad tracks to view southward the moonless night sky but could see no lights or movement there. In review of this event I could not make any determination of the distance, speed, or direction involved or if any sound was made as my car windows were closed.  Looking at a map of the area shows that when I first sighted the object it could have been over Rhome, Aurora or Boyd, or beyond by 100’s of miles, or it could have been just beyond the tree line right over hwy 287 just a mile in front of me.  At the time, I thought the direction of travel was southward, but who’s to say that I was actually seeing it departing straight away from me (west) on just a slight southward track.  If that were true perhaps those who reside in Newark, Azle, Reno, or Springtown may have seen this occurrence.  I was a passive observer of this non-threatening event and I know of no other witnesses as traffic was very, very light and the only other car well ahead did not stop.;33.0579;-97.4803
