Their was a green fog. I saw what appeared to be an oval shaped object wrapped or swaddled in a somewhat goldish, metallic material.;1976-09-27 03:00:00;1 hour or so;Their was a green fog. I saw what appeared to be an oval shaped object wrapped or swaddled in a somewhat goldish, metallic material. It was a week night in September of 1976. My Daughter M had just started kindergarten. I was married to B. We were living in a little house on Seminary Dr. in St. Paul, MN. We had gone to bed about 9:30, as we usually did on week nights. It was probably several hours later when I woke with a start to find that B was not in bed with me. This would not have been unusual except that he had to work the next morning. I walked through the house stopping to check on M, who, was missing from her bed. While B being gone was not much cause for concern, he would never, on the longest day of his life, have taken a 5 year old with him. I began to panic. I ran to the back door with the intention of looking to see if our van or car were gone, when I opened it there was a green haze or fog which was quite thick. My dog ran out into the yard, I screamed for him to come back which he did. My panic turning into terror, I picked up the phone but put it back down. Who would I call, and what would I tell them? That my Daughter and Husband were missing, and my house was enveloped in a green fog? Right. I went to the kitchen sink, which was clear of dishes, and splashed my face with cold water in a vane attempt to compose myself. I got a glass of water, drank it and put the glass down on the right side of the sink. At this point I was snot nosed and sniveling. I paced the length of our small house repeatedly, stopping to look in M's room. Was I having some sort of bizarre psychotic episode, or was this just a terrible nightmare? Yes, the Granddaddy of all nightmares. With this in mind I went back to bed. I lay there in a sweat, with my eyes tightly shut, saying to myself, between heaving sobs, This is just a bad dream, this is just a bad dream At some point I noticed that the lights were on in my bedroom. I didn't recall turning them on. Our security light and the corner street lamp provided more than enough illumination to see most everywhere in the house. I looked down toward the end of the bed and to my horror saw what appeared to be an oval shaped object wrapped or swaddled in a somewhat goldish, metallic material. I opened my mouth to scream. Nothing but a wheezing whimper would pass my lips. Truly frozen with fear, I was pumping adrenaline at a rate I thought might kill me. My heart wasn't beating, it was buzzing. Some time passed before I was able to move one of my feet, very slowly, out of the fetal position to push this object further away from me. I don't remember a thing after that until daylight when I awoke to find that B was in bed beside me. I raced to M's Room where she lay sleeping peacefully. As I walked back to the bedroom I glanced at the sink. There was my glass, on the right side. The light in the bedroom was off. I glanced in a mirror and noticed my face appeared sunburnt. At breakfast I could see that M and B looked sunburnt too. I recall thinking to myself that it had been cloudy and cold all week. I pushed this incident to the back of my mind in a category all it's own labeled Nightmare like no other and went on with my life. A few years later as I sat in a Dentist's waiting room (in San Diego) paging through a magazine, I noticed an article that pretty nearly described my ordeal. Intrigued, I stopped at a book store on my way home. As I looked through the books on UFO's and the like I came across some drawings of odd looking, supposed, human/alien infants. One was of a red haired baby wrapped in an oval shaped goldish colored blanket. Looking back on the events of that night, I wish that I hadn't been so fearful and that I would have closely examined that oval shaped object. Anyone out there had a similar experience? If so I would like to hear from you. Thanks, R ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));44.9343300739524;-93.1075406737886
Glowing orange UFO sent out sparks from bottom and later split in two and disappeared.  In sight for several minutes.;2001-05-18 23:50:00;Minutes;Glowing orange UFO sent out sparks from bottom and later split in two and disappeared.  In sight for several minutes. Received an e-mail regarding the Minnesota Talk Radio Network.  A caller on the Bob Davis Show - am 1500, at ten minutes to midnight -- reported seeing an orange UFO in the northwest sky on May 18, 2001.  It was sending out shooting sparks from the bottom of the object.  Eventually it split in two and disappeared.  The caller said that he was sure it was not a meteor.  It was in sight for at least long enough to stop his car, get his camera, and shoot some footage.  The witness has it on film and said he would send a copy to Bob Davis.  Copy not yet received (6/13/01).;44.9343300739524;-93.1075406737886
Observed was a black boomerang/triangle shaped going east at approximately 500 miles an hour with no lights on at all.;2001-11-15 21:00:00;8-10 seconds;Observed was a black boomerang/triangle shaped going east at approximately 500 miles an hour with no lights on at all. On Thursday, November 15, 2001 at exactly 2100 my friend and I were standing on the balcony of the third and uppermost floor of his apartment building.  I was smoking a cigarette and looking at the stars(The ground visibility was a little hazy, sky visibility was completely clear.) when I saw an object flying east almost directly overhead.  It was shaped like a triangle, more so like a boomerang(my friend said like a giant glider.)  It seemed to be about the same size across as a jetliner(without knowing exact altitude.)  It was completely matte-black, not reflective at all, with no lights or beacons on it at all.  It was darker than the night sky which was lit by streetlamps.  It also made no sound at all, completely quiet.  Its' rate of speed was comparable to a plane on landing approach, I believe.  It flew over our heads at a 120 degree angle. The downtown St. Paul airport is approximately 3 miles away from our location.  There were no planes in the direct area where I saw the object.  When I first saw the craft I immediately stopped the inane conversation I was having with my friend and pointed out the object.  He saw it immediately and we both watched it fly out of sight over the building.  We were both completely flabbergasted.  The whole event lasted between 8 and 10 seconds. My friend is a ((deleted))l engineer and I am a ((deleted)) officer.  We both went to college at the University of Wisconsin.  We are in our mid-twenties.  He is married, I am not.;44.9343300739524;-93.1075406737886
ON Aug. 19th about 11am I was heading south on Ruth street towards Battle Creek to do some mountain biking. I observed a very shiny obj;2004-08-19 11:00:00;10 minutes;ON Aug. 19th about 11am I was heading south on Ruth street towards Battle Creek to do some mountain biking. I observed a very shiny object in the sky. I pulled over to take a look. It was hard to see clearly with the naked eye. At times it looked as though the sun was reflecting off it's surface. It wasn't moving. It appeared to have a slight circular motion to it. The sky was very clear and sunny.;44.9343300739524;-93.1075406737886
