Once in a lifetime sighting of a large metor like object that impacted the earth.;2013-06-11 21:48:00;5 seconds;Once in a lifetime sighting of a large metor like object that impacted the earth. I was blessed with the privilege and honor to observe the crashing down to earth of a large spectacular meteor type fireball.   Super large about the size of a pool table ball by comparison in size as seeing it come down from the night sky via my car windshield.  It did not disintegrate like a falling star does.  It burned bright and was an exhilarating sight to behold!  It had very little trail burn off at all.  I was very concerned there was going to be a shock wave as it came down like lightning!  I braced myself for the worst but never heard any crashing sound nor anything that it did as it absolutely had to have hit the earth intact somewhere nearby.   I called the Burgaw, NC police department and reported it within twenty minutes of the crash when I got home because I can't say what exactly that it was or could be and I felt I had better report it as it could be something significant that was not to be just kept to myself. I do know it came from space and not the skies right above us as I witnessed it come crashing down like a falling star does in a blinding speed streak but it held together to the tree tops very large.  I did get a follow up call and explained in depth the encounter. The rains we have had has made the area very flood riddled and the sod mushy. I assume it went into the earth but had to have initially made quite an evident entry mark at impact.  Since then it has continued to rain exceedingly unusual and there may never be any evidence visually to be discovered. I wonder just what has been deposited in the ground of this area and what will be the results from this space implant. I can tell you that it was the most awesome sight to have witnessed!  I still feel like it was a very special gift from God to have been the witness to it even if it were only a hunk of a junked satellite. To see that scene was beautiful and eerie. It was out of this world!;34.5446;-77.9402
