Saw in clear skies long, silver, disc shapedobjecthigh in the sky. Flew over head of meand my witness. Object was silent, had no visibl;1997-03-28 16:00:00;1-3 minutes;Summary : Saw in clear skies long, silver, disc shaped objecthigh in the sky. Flew over head of me and my witness. Object was silent, had no visible wings or fins, no vapor trail.  No lights.Made no sound. Observed object for about 1-3 minutes until it vanished. Clear skies. Mid afternoon. Silver object,slightly rounded on bottom. No wings or fins.No lights. No vapor trail or sound. Was oblongin shape.Sighted over a trailor court.We were watching birds on the way home from thestore when we saw it.Only one object was sighted.Witness backgrounds: Me I'm a Sunday school teacher.Witness: My five year old son.I occasionally watch the skies around here because we have seen many strange things in theskies.;39.8859;-79.9757
Bowl shaped stationary object sighted in sky;2011-08-25 19:00:00;Brief/A minute or so;Bowl shaped stationary object sighted in sky Our family was at the local park in Greene County. My 3 year old son pointed at the sky and said there was a plane.  I looked up to where he had pointed.  In the sky, was a stationary object.  It was a great distance away.  There had been no smoke, jet stream, or anything else near the object.  It was a very clear evening and no clouds were around either. At first glance, I thought it was merely a jet at high altitude.  But as I watched for a few seconds, I could tell it was not moving or leaving any sort of trail in its wake. My fiancee looked up to see where it was, but was looking a different direction.  I turned to help her pinpoint where it was in the sky.  When I looked back to that spot, the object was nowhere to be seen. As stated, it was a very clear night, so no clouds were in the vicinity.  I scanned the sky for a couple of minutes thereafter, but saw no sign of the object anywhere. The appearance of the object was silver-white in color.  The shape was of a saucer variety, though upside down, as compared to what one normally thinks.  The rounded portion of the object was on the bottom, while the flat part was on top, giving more the appearance of a bowl shape.;39.8859;-79.9757
