Strange color changing light in the middle of a town with no power about 50 feet off the ground.;2012-08-18 21:00:00;15-20 min;Strange color changing light in the middle of a town with no power about 50 feet off the ground. It was around 9:00 p.m on saturday when I had just droped a friend off at home.  I just left his house and began to drive down the road about 60 yards and noticed a light off to my left.  I started to slow down and roll down my window.  The light was vibrating between colors, red, green, yellow, white.  Was about the size of a basketball id say and only about as high off the ground as the tallest tree in the area.  The light wasnt moving and seemed to be frozen in postion accept for the changing of colors very slowy and almost wavy like.  The location of the light was very irrelevant because we had just had a storm blow through and we had lost power in the whole area.  Therefore no houselights, no streetlights, no object needing power was able to function.  This light stayed in position for 4 to 5 mins.  Then as I began to film it from my car, it started to move parralel to the ground at a slow speed away from me without changing direction or elevation.  See! med to be in perfect sinc, no flaws or strange noises at all.  Just after it started to move the intensity of the light began to decrease and dim, in till eventually completely disappearing.  Just after this I received a phone call and some friends of mine had also seen it.  In fact two of us caught it on video from different locations.  This is not the first sighting of this light.  It also appears in groups of 3 and even 7-8 in numbers, and all seem to be in symmetrical order. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.0428;-73.3805
Flickering light moved in almost a hummingbird type fashion;2013-10-12 04:30:00;2 hours;Flickering light moved in almost a hummingbird type fashion Flickering light hovered to the east of where I was located.  It would drastically drop or move every 5 minutes or so and then hover.  Almost in a humming bird like fashion.   Light was mostly white but at times appeared to flash red or blue on occasion.   2 planes did fly as well, but they appeared normal and flew in a straight line.  Very odd. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.0428;-73.3805
