A large circular orange light which moved to the north, then south, north again the up until it dissapeared.;1999-07-18 04:10:00;5 minutes;A large circular orange light which moved to the north, then south, north again the up until it dissapeared. My name is ((name deleted)). On the early morning of  07/18/99 at about 4:10am I was on a dark rural road very near my home when I noticed a lighted object from my drivers side window (See house.jpg).  My first thought was that someone was launching a hot air balloon from the back of a house. The object I saw was clearly very near to the ground because I could easily see the outline or black silhouette of the roof of the house in front of the object. The weather was warm and visibility was good. There was overcast and you could not see any stars nor the moon. I was heading North East on a street called North Iris Lane when I noticed this well lit orange circle of light from behind a house which was no more than 300 yards away from my vantage point. Again, my first thought was a hot air balloon and the glow from someone filling it with hot air. I kept looking out my drivers side window but as I drove I lost sight of the object as my sight was now obscured by homes and trees to my left. When I reached the stop sign about 150 yards from where I first noticed the object, I made a left turn and saw that the object was no longer at ground level but now was clearly in the sky and heading in a North West direction. I never leave the house without my digital camera and when I turned the corner I stopped my car and grabbed it. The camera I used was an Olympus D-400 Digital Zoom camera. It took a few seconds to open the lens cover, when I looked through the viewfinder I feared that the light from the street lamp in front of me would not allow for a good shot. I therefore waited till the object was just above the lamp post and took a picture (see pic1.jpg). I waited all of an additional 3 seconds and took another picture pointing in the same direction (see pic2.jpg). The object I saw was not bright, the best way to describe it was if you've seen Close Encounters of the Third Kind, the blue light that followed the space ships except that this light was a dull orange in color instead of blue. After I took two pictures I s! aw the object stop moving up and to the North and changed directions to up and South. It stopped about 3 seconds later then started to head back North and to the West. About 3 seconds later the object just starting heading straight up at a consistent rate of speed. Rather than just stand there I got back in truck made a right turn into our town home complex and stopped my car in front of my house. When I got out I could still see the object still heading up and getting farther away. I went inside grabbed my wife out of bed and insisted she come outside NOW! When we got outside I pointed to the sky and said look do you see that? she said yes and asked what it was. At this point it looked like a very bright star and was very far away. We both stood there for the next 5 to 10 seconds and watched as it passed through the overcast. It got smaller and smaller when finally we could no longer see it. We both looked around and you could not see any stars in the sky. I pulled my car into my driveway and immediately called the Escondido Police Department. The woman who answered the phone listened , chuckled and told me to call an 800 number. When I did, I got a recording for the TV show Unsolved Mystery's. I called her back, gave her a sarcastic thanks and asked her to take my name and number in the event anyone else reported anything. I went out this morning during daylight and took a couple of pictures from the road where I first saw the object behind a house (house.jpg). Using PhotoShop I made a orange circle which represents the size and color of what I first thought was a hot air balloon (house-ufo.jpg). I also took a couple of pictures of where the object was just above the lamp post on the street adjacent to my home (see pic1-day.jpg).  Again using PhotoShop I made a circle to show you the size and color of the object prior to it moving South, then NW and up (pic1-day-ufo.jpg). On a side note my wife had mentioned that our neighbor had approached her only 2 or 3 days before and asked her if she had seen anything strange in the skies. I have given our neighbor your number and she said she would call you as apparently she claims to have seen a UFO as well. My apologies for such a long winded description but I get excited every time I think about what I saw. I am very open minded and would be stupid to think that we are alone in the universe. However I have never really believed in us being visited by something outside of our planet. In other words I was a true skeptic until last night. I have gone over the encounter many times in my head and cannot find any reasonable explanation for what I saw. Now man made object that I'm aware of could do what I saw this thing do. In the event you are wondering let me answer a few questions that others have asked me. There was no sound at all. This orange circle was consistent in color and did not change. There were no other colors present and there was no blinking. It was not a blinding bright but rather a dull fiery orange. I saw no background objects (no spaceships or anything like that) I do not do drugs. Thanks for allowing me to share this incident. I do not care what others think since I know what I saw and that is all that matters to me. You have my full permission to use what I have just written and make available my email address should anyone want to contact me.;33.1259360406091;-117.077390862944
Fireball with droppings last night 06/22/2012;2012-06-22 21:10:00;1 minute;Fireball with droppings last night 06/22/2012 Me and my brother were looking at what we thought was a Red Planet, Trying to figure out what one we saw it drop something, thinking maybe Military it dropped another piece of what looked like melting candle wax, then it drifted south-southwest and vanished away,  I believe it was somewhere out over Baja Ca. near the Border. We have seen many weird things from the local Military Bases But this was not man made.......The Strangest thing I ever did see in the Sky..  Anyone else? 06/22/2012 9:10 pm pacific time..;33.1259360406091;-117.077390862944
Flying object with long fiery tail and blueish green spherical cloud.  ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 18:00:00;5 minutes;Flying object with long fiery tail and blueish green spherical cloud ((NUFORC Note:  US Navy missile launch.  PD)) Saturday 11/7/2015 Escondido, CA  Around 6pm my wife pointed to the sky and exclaimed, What's that?!  I looked up to the west and saw something flying across the sky with a very long fiery tail behind it, on the order or hundreds if not thousands of feet long. It looked like what I imagine a rocket would at night. The tail fizzled out within 10 or 15 seconds, but the object kept flying. Then a giant spherical smoke cloud eminated, which quickly kept expanding towards us. The cloud also had an iridescence to it, sort of greenish blue, which kept glowing for a few minutes. It was very ominous. My wife asked if we should leave the area, but I was overwhelmed with curiousity and elected to stick it out.  After the cloud appeared, the made a slow turn away from us, maybe 90 degrees, and kept flying. It remained visible for a few minutes, before being washed out by local light pollution.  I'm VERY curious to know what this was, or if anyone else saw it (other airplane in the area flew near the cloud, so check FAA reports too).;33.1259360406091;-117.077390862944
Small light like a star explodes into what looks like a tiny firework. ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));2015-11-07 19:00:00;7-10 seconds;Small light like a star explodes into what looks like a tiny firework. The flash/fireball retains it's shape and is surrounded by a haze which is lit up by the light of the craft and creates a halo around it. Almost looks like a bright airplane light shining through fog, but this is a clear night. The craft slowly moves to the right, leaving a bright blue/teal trail of light behind it. The fireball fades and the blue trail remains for at least 5 more minutes. Maybe a high tech flare, or maybe something else?? ((NUFORC Note:  U. S. Navy missile launch.  PD));33.1259360406091;-117.077390862944
Fireball at high speed, suddenly stopped, stayed in place for a few seconds, went straight up, blinked, brightened, then disappeared.;2018-10-21 21:30:00;5 minutes;Fireball at high speed, suddenly stopped, stayed in place for a few seconds, went straight up, blinked, brightened, then disappeared. Seen on 10.21.18 in northeastern part of Escondido.  Object looked like a fireball, traveling north.  At first I thought it was a plane on fire that was going to crash.  Then I thought it was a meteor and we'd get to see it burn itself out. It was heading at high speed towards where we were standing, I was scared it was going to crash and cause damage.  But then it STOPPED.  It stayed in the same place for a few seconds.  Then it started going higher, just going straight up, and we watched it get smaller until it looked like a star, except for a reddish-orange glow.  Then it blinked out. I stared at where it was for a second or 2, it blinked back on, got brighter, blinked a few more times then was gone.  My friend was standing next to me when I saw this, I alerted him to it while it was still traveling at high speed.  He was able to get some of it on video, but only after it had stopped.;33.1259360406091;-117.077390862944
