Illuminating light surveys the North Dakota Capitol, Bismarck;2008-09-10 22:30:00;3 hours;Illuminating light surveys the North Dakota Capitol, Bismarck The first night, a very strange light that illuminated many colors from the color spectrum appeared around the outskirts of the city. It remained stationary for about 15 mins and proceeded to circle around the outskirts. All in the same time it would stop for no longer than 5 mins and proceed to circle, moving at an varied speeds. This happened for about an hour, untill it began moving towards the center of the city near the capitol. I've been a star gazer for most of my existance, and have never seen an object move in the matter this one did. The colors seemed to circle around the craft/object. Every once in a while it would disappear then emerge in another spot, stationary. In more than one instance, it looked as though there was a light that would almost pop out of it then circle the craft and return back inside. Then out of nowhere two more showed up and the three of them made a line almost like orions belt, and began to move in slow pace towards the outskirts once again. I watched this for another hour or so then the crafts simply pulled up and then moved in a very quick manner away and out of sight. The craft has been seen for the past 2 days, and i've turned alot of people into the idea of simply watching it and observing the movements to validate my own sanity. In all the descriptions by other people i know, its something they've never seen in the night sky before and in some cases it terrifies them.;46.8098275720165;-100.774545267489
Strange expanding portal looking object seen in broad daylight.;2019-04-20 14:00:00;30 seconds;Strange expanding portal looking object seen in broad daylight. My daughter, 10yrs old, boyfriend 27yrs old, and self were driving across The Memorial Bridge and had just come from a helicopter ride in Bismarck, North Dakota (they were giving these to raise money for charity) part of this ride was to go up the river.  So we were driving over the bridge and watching the helicopter we were just in go up the river, when suddenly this white sphere looking thing appeared in the air (like it just blinked into existence) and was spinning it was about a 1/2 city block from the bridge and hanging over the water, about the size of a geo metro (weird comparison I know lol) it suddenly expanded and started to resemble a wheel with bicycle spokes it was still spinning (clockwise) and had this swirling like mass in the center of it. the wheel, spokes and mass were all a white/grey color and I instantly thought OMG its a dimensional portal opening!!  I slowed down as there was nobody else on the bridge (which was kinda weird at this time of day) and it expanded to about the size of a basketball court (another weird comparison lol) either way it was huge. and It stayed this size for about 5 seconds. then like stopped spinning and went in reverse and started shrinking in size back to the geo metro size it started with and then got smaller and blinked out of existence. we all saw this object, and once it disappeared I drove down to sit under the bridge to see if it would come back and it did not. while we were down there I made everyone draw what they saw and we all compared drawings and it was weird cause my kid saw some kind of symbols within it.  (I will send the drawings of the object for your report. anyway very odd. my brother also had a very strange incident happen at our lake cabin last summer (Lake Sakakawea) that I would like to report. There was missing time involved with my brothers encounter. Anyway that is my report.;46.8098275720165;-100.774545267489
