Small black sphere flying at the speed of prop plane on a straight line that disappeared behind a small cloud and never re-emerged.;2015-06-12 19:00:00;20-30 seconds;Small black sphere flying at the speed of prop plane on a straight line that disappeared behind a small cloud and never re-emerged. DATE OF SIGHTING:  June 12, 2015  TIME OF SIGHTING:  Approximately 7:00 pm  	 I was standing in my backyard.  The weather was odd very tropical for a pass situated just about seven minutes west of the desert.  It feels more like Florida today than Beaumont, CA, which is located in Riverside County.   The sun, while setting, was still lighting up the sky enough to call it daylight, rather than twilight or dusk.  To the south, the clouds were generally spaced apart with large patches of clear blue sky in between them.   To the north, there was a complete cover of darker clouds.  There was a light sprinkle in my backyard at the time, and I was indulging in the few scattered cold raindrops, which were a welcome escape from the heat that had prevailed during the earlier part of the day. 	As I looked up into the sky to watch a small number of tiny birds flapping around above me (almost straight up and a little south), a small, spherical object caught my eye.  At first, I thought it was just another bird.  But as I followed its course, I realized it was an actual craft of some sort on a particular flight path (moving in a straight line from the west to the east). I also realized that it was much higher in the sky than the birds I had been watching.  In fact, as it passed a few of the scattered clouds in that area, I could see it actually pass through the very bottom of a few of them. 	The object was black (almost a matte black, to be exact), although I’m sure that at that height, it’s impossible to be sure that it wasn’t just shadowed due to the weird time of day and the strange, partly rainy, partly sunny weather we were having at the moment.  To my naked eye, it was a smaller, black sphere going about the speed of a prop plane.   As its straight vector took in either into or behind a fairly small darker grey cloud, it disappeared from view.  I waited longer than needed given its speed and trajectory, but never saw it emerge from the cover of that cloud.  There was no sound, may have been multiple witnesses (I’m not sure, it being less than an hour since I saw it) due to the fact that the Beaumont Sports Park is only separated from my backyard by my picket fence, and from the time I noticed it to the time it mysteriously disappeared, I had personally viewed it for maybe 20-30 seconds. 	One small final detail that somewhat solidified for me that what I had just witnessed was not normal was this:  Maybe 2-3 seconds after the object had disappeared behind the cloud, a fair sized propeller plane came into view from behind the same cloud, on nearly the same trajectory as the sphere, but moving in the opposite direction (from east to west)!   There was absolutely no way that what I had seen was this plane for three reasons off the top of my head:  One – The sphere had no extensions protruding from it anywhere.  It was just a perfect sphere, while the plane was instantaneously recognizable by its perfectly distinguishable wings and tail…  Two – There was no way a plane could have banked and done a complete 180-degree turn in 2-3 seconds…  And  Three – The plane, as it passed overhead, made the humming sound that all propeller planes do, while the sphere that I had seen only seconds before emitted no sound whatsoever.;33.9526000000001;-116.968
