Three balls of light come out of a cornfield aprox.  40 yards above the ground and about 20 yards from the road.  Multiple sightings wi;1999-09-02 20:00:00;2 hours;Three balls of light come out of a cornfield aprox.  40 yards above the ground and about 20 yards from the road.  Multiple sightings with myself and 3 different friends.  Seems to be visiting in Cycles of 3-5 days I am a twenty one year old college student with no criminal record or history of mental illness.  My other witness is 22 and does not believe in UFO's.  On thursday sept. 2, my friend and I were really bored.  We decided to take a ride in the country and cruise down the roads we hunt and fish on.  We left Galva and drove down The Lafayette Blacktop.  We crossed the road by the cemetrary there and continued on.  About a mile down the road that completely stopped our conversation.  WE saw an orange light rise from a cornfield about 20 yards away from us.  I stopped my truck and we both were watching it.  It was a real clear night.  The light appeared to rotate on some unseen object, and another one appeared in it's spot.  That onr rotated also and a third appeared.  We sat and watched.  I told my friend I think it was a UFO.  He doesn't beleve in them and didn't know what to think.  I was scared.  I wanted to turn around asnd go back to town.  He said that we should keep watching so we did.  The orange lights were nothing like I have ever seen before.  It kind of looked like a lava the way it glowed.  That is the only way I can explain the color. As we were watching, the object disappeared.  WE decided to drive along after that.  About one minute later it appeared agin and was moving south at a very slow speed.  We gave chase to it and followed down towards Walnut creek.  We saw it hovering above another corn field. We stopped my truck and rolled the windows down to sewe if We could hear it.  There was no noise except for the regular coutry noises you hear.  Anyway, the thing stared moving and disappearing and reappearing.  We chased it from Walnut Creek to Hook & Bullet, Out by Williamsfield all the way back over to Oak Run.  It was like it was playing Cat and Mouse with us.  We lost the object when we got to Oak Run.  We decided to stop at the main beach and talk about what we saw. Then over the lake, the object started coming towards us at a very high rate of speed.  it stopped across the lake from us and hovered. We jumped in the truck and chased to the outskirts of Victoria where it just vanished and we didn't see it aagain.  It was around 11 PM so we went back to Galva.  I was very scared that night and so was my friend.  We only told  a couple of people that we are close friends with because we didn't want people to think we were crazy. Myself and some other friends have witnessed evets like this many times since then.  I would be happy to talk to them over the phone or through another report.;41.1637;-90.0483
