30-35 Orange bright lights fly silently in line across Sacramento sky and disappear in same place - New Years Eve;2012-12-31 23:59:00;25-30 minutes;30-35 Orange bright lights fly silently in line across Sacramento sky and disappear in same place - New Years Eve On New Year’s Eve my husband and I, and our friend were traveling home to West Sacramento from Old Sacramento (a touristy area in downtown Sacramento). We were planning on watching the midnight fireworks but there was a shooting and they were cancelled. It was perfectly midnight when we had just crossed over a metal bridge into Southport where we live. I spotted a group of bright orangish lights (my husband says a warm orange-yellow). They were traveling from the southeast to the northwest. It became clear right away that they were not moving like any airplane or helicopter we had seen before. I asked my husband to pull off onto a side road. We got out of the car and watched as about 4-5 crossed above us.  When they got just past us overhead they would disappear. Then another three came from the south.  They disappeared in the same place. Unlike the ones we saw later, these first ones appeared to be in a vertical line (not straight though) Almost like the  bot! tom ones were connected to the top ones and hanging there. Picture an old fashioned mobile. As the others joined them the line became horizontal.  The lights were luminous. As they all disappeared we got back into the car.  We were discussing what we saw and agreed they emitted no sound. There were no blinking lights, just a continuous glow.  We turned back onto the main road and went up a couple streets to the entrance to our neighborhood.  We got about 3 blocks into our neighborhood and saw a new group of them coming.  They were in a straight line, moving relatively slowly but not maintaining any static speed.  Some appeared to stop momentarily as another would pass it up.  They would all reach a point in the sky just south of Downtown Sacramento and just disappear.  When they were all gone we got back in the car and drove another 3 blocks to our home.  As soon as we got in I ran upstairs to the master bedroom which looks south. I opened the curtains and found a whole new bunch.  There were a lot of them.  We watched for 10-15 minutes. They w! ere in a long line. They all disappeared in the same spot.  To me it looked like they veered to the east and disappeared (maybe their light then focused in an easterly direction making it look invisible us) but my husband and friend disagreed and said they went up. Hmmm.  My friend got on the phone with 911 as we were watching but they thought we were nuts (thought we were seeing fireworks). I was so frightened by this that I could not sleep for hours. Let me add that the light from these things did not seem to come from one point it seemed to emanate from the whole object. We are on the flight path of Sacramento Intl. Airport for Southwest Airlines from L.A. We also can see flights take-off from Sacramento’s Executive Airport. We are well aware of what planes look like and how they travel. We can safely say that the point south from where they became visible to us is at least 10 miles away, probably closer to 15. I have just learned there are such things as Chinese Sky Lanterns. I ! have never seen these but I would have to say that these lights were very large. Very much larger than any light from an airplane!! They also traveled a great distance for a floating candle light and also they all disappeared at exactly the same place. We all agreed that they were about 1000-2000 feet up. So, tell me, what do you think? We three are convinced we watched UFO’s that were being intelligently and purposefully controlled. We are all very educated. My husband is a college professor, I am an environmental scientist at Cal/EPA, our friend has a BA and is an educator. Before New Year’s Eve we had never heard of these orange-red-yellow things. We have since learned they are being seen by many.  Thank you for listening.;38.5671474358975;-121.551737179487
