Multiple sightings of blue orbs joining and seperating low in the sky near Bumping Lake, Chinook Pass WA.;2011-04-01 23:30:00;10 min.;Multiple sightings of blue orbs joining and seperating low in the sky near Bumping Lake, Chinook Pass WA. A bright bluish light moved in an arc from my left as I faced North.  It moved at a high but smooth speed and stopped directly above a cliffline.  Within seconds a second identical light approched at the same high speed and seemed to merge with no interuption or change in size or motion with the first light.  I took digital photos as a third light seemed to come from behind the mountain and join the first two. When it intersected the first two lights it became a triangle, tightly packed and appearing as a a single light with a very black center.  With binoculars I could see 3 balls of bluish lights joined by hazy ( light beams?)in a triangle.  I have one photo detailing the approach of the third light.  The craft spun and bobbed around for a moment, flarred brighter and dissapered.  I am one of the only residents on Chinook Pass this winter.  I have been watching these lights on a regular bassis for over a year now. Recently the sightings have followed the sighting of what I believe is a remote controlled craft of mam made origin.  From a distance these unmanned planes sound like a model hobby plane or chopper. As they get closer the sound changes to that of a large duel prop plane.  I have been located on several occassions in dense forest cover during day and late night outings. on more than one trip both the fast blue lights and the slow moving survalliance craft are in the sky at the same time. I have attemted to take photos of planes and stars to compare to the blue lights.  The stars and marked, lighted planes barely show up but the photo.  However the fast moving balls are clearly seen and when blown up often break into three seperate light in a triangle. I have seen the lights hover and fly over the area I live in for nearly 2 years now.;46.8058;-120.9921
