Bright stationary light in sky in lighted, rectangular, grid shape. Moved to NW, vansihed, then flashed brightly and vanished again.;2007-12-24 18:00:00;1 minute;Bright stationary light in sky in lighted, rectangular, grid shape. Moved to NW, vansihed, then flashed brightly and vanished again. We were on the pool deck in the rear of the house.  I noticed a bright light 60 degrees above the horizon to the northwest.  Surrounding this light were several departing/arriving airliners all of which were trailing contrails.  The light was unmoving and had no contrail.  I am a pilot, and estimate the altitude at 20k feet.  After watching for 10 seconds, the light became brighter and changed shape to a grid, that I can only compare to a grid on a bingo card, and all lines of the grid were brightly illuminated in white light.  Immediately after I mentioned the light to my friend and dad, it reverted back to a bright, single, white light.  They only saw the object as a bright light having missed the grid-shape.  As we watched I mentioned that it was not moving.  Suddenly, it began to slowly move to the NW.  We watched for about 10 seconds and it simply vanished.  My Dad and my friend looked away and I continued watching.  It had vanished for about 5 seconds when I saw it flash brightly one more time and finally vanish.  I watched for 10 more minutes yet saw nothing more.  Strangely enough, a month and a half before, I was in Orlando on a Greyhound bus.  We had just left the station headed to Tampa and were sitting at a traffic light.  It was dark, and I noticed a bright light above the bus about 30000'-40000'.  It was stationary with a changing brightness, brighter than the star Sirius.  It began moving south toward Miami, and rapidly diminished in brightness until it vanished.  It appeared very high in the sky, and appeared to move slowly south, but I could tell it was moving very quickly, but due to it's altitude it overall appeared as though it was moving slowly.  Very hard to describe.  I noticed that no one else on the bus were paying attention, and I didn't say anything to anyone.  These are the first two sightings in my life, and I watch all the time for such activity, and have always been skeptical.;28.4985999999999;-81.5352999999997
