Large craft with orange sharp laser like lights.;2011-07-15 01:00:00;3 minutes;Large craft with orange sharp laser like lights. Stepped out of my house sometime after midnight that night.  Began driving down the road in my subdivision.  As I looked out the windshield I suddenly saw a large orange lighted craft in the sky.  From my distance it was about the size of a street light when you're waiting at an intersection, but was higher in the sky and was clearly a large craft.  It was motionless and still, sitting in the sky.  It was hovering near some large metal power lines behind the subdivision, which were very close to where I was standing (about a 5 minute walk from me).  I was utterly stunned and realized I was seeing my first and thus far only UFO ever.  The craft was completely silent, there was no engine or rotor noise.  It also had tiny little orange lights that blinked in quick succession just below the large orange light on the craft, almost like a highly sophisticated landing or warning light system, but the lights were probably about 10-20 separate tiny lights (barely perceptible) each blinking one right after the other in a quick successive pattern.  It was highly sophisticated looking, and appeared technologically advanced.  It definitely appeared mechanical and artificial, not a natural phenomenon.  The lights were meticulously timed to create a very specific succession pattern.  It appeared obvious there was more to the craft, but since it was dark I could not see the dark portions that had no lights.  Based upon the faint outline of the black unlighted portion of the craft in the night sky, it appeared to be either oval or more likely diamond shaped.  All of the lights on the craft had a crisp color to them, almost like a laser, and the light had no shimmer to it as you would see with standard aircraft lights.  I turned on my hazard blinkers and stepped out of the car.  As it was very late, all neighbors were in their homes and likely sleeping.  No one was outside, except a car that passed from behind me which appeared oblivious to what was going on above us.  Almost as though the craft saw me, i! t immedi ately slowly began rising higher into the sky (or shrinking, it was hard to tell which), and then just poof- disappeared. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));28.4985999999999;-81.5352999999997
