Possible abduction.;1980-08-12 00:00:00;30 minutes/30 seconds?;Possible abduction I have sat on this for close 35 years, due to the fact that I find it highly disturbing.  But I feel the need to put it out there. Either late July or early August 1980 just outside of Nevada City, California.  I’m 15 years old and at summer camp.  I’ve recently been sick and due to this fact I’m stuck at the camp with the other campers who were sick as the rest of the camp heads out for overnight horseback riding, water skiing and other activities. So there are 6 or 7 people there.  I don’t remember the exact number, due to time and a real desire to forget that night completely.  Snow Mountain Camp is a rich kid camp in the Sierra foothills just northwest of Nevada City.  The camp itself is well spread out with 6 cabins a pool two arenas for horseback riding a barn and dining hall and two houses 1 that the counselors use when on break and the other that the camp owners live in. I was occupying one of the lower cabins that was situated in a gully on the other side of a hill from the house were the counselors were.  I was the oldest boy in the cabin and we were doing typical camp stuff, ghost stories from a Steven King collection.  Lights out was at either 10:30 or 11:00 and we continued reading for another 30 minutes or so with flashlight after lights out. It was soon after we stopped reading that the event happen.  I call it an event because I can’t think of any other way to describe it.  I had put my flashlight up because I was ready to sleep, when the cabin was enveloped with what I later described as white noise.  It was debilitating and we were all screaming at the top of our lungs.  I remember visions of mathematical equations and that another of the boys said he saw musical notes and that another said he saw something resembling hieroglyphs.  This went on for around 30 seconds then silence and the cabin was filled with the most vile smell I’ve ever smelled.  We stood there for a moment or two when one of the other boys pointed at my flashlight which I had placed in the center of the room out with the beam facing up and it was on. At this point we all freak and run up the gully down the hill to the house where the counselors were.  We tell them our story and one starts to ignore us when the other takes my pulse.  Now we’ve been with them for a good ten minutes and my heart is still racing.  After checking a couple more they decide to come back and investigate. We get back to the cabin and there is a faint trace of the smell and my flashlight is still there still on almost dead now but still on.  We tell them that there is no way we are staying in that cabin and ask to move up to the cabin by where the 3 girls who were still there were.  We were likely safety in numbers. They let us and I don’t think we slept at all that night. But it was morning at the dining hall that things got weird.  1 of the girls who was up the hill from our cabin asked us if we saw it.  And we were like saw what?  And she described an object that resembled an old bowler hat that hovered over the area of our cabin for close to 30 minutes.  I almost vomited and the other boys turned ghost white and didn’t want to talk about it.  We begged her to tell us that it was a bad prank that the counselors had put her up to it, and she said she didn’t know what we were talking about. I am very aware of time because of that day.  What we experienced lasted maybe 30 seconds yet she said she saw it for close to 30 minutes. I know that something happened that day and I want to know if anyone else had had a similar experience and who do I talk to too get answers.  I feel like I learned something important that night, but a part of me is terrified to find out what. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.3017;-120.9717
