saw a light in the west surrounded by haze like a comet, then the haze got bigger and bigger, then the light dissapeared leaving a big ;1999-03-04 18:55:00;5 min;saw a light in the west surrounded by haze like a comet, then the haze got bigger and bigger, then the light dissapeared leaving a big patch of haze. there was no clouds in the sky or fog around to cause the haze. it was low to the horizon , the haze grew from the size of a dime to about the size of a half of a dollar bill. the light appeared to be going directly to or away from us. at the beginning it looked exactly like a comet. I just could not think of anything that could cause this, could we have been looking head on to a fireball? ralph ((name and address deleted));39.3017;-120.9717
Night sky lit up like daytime.;2006-04-07 00:05:00;midnight to dawn;Night sky lit up like daytime. I woke up suddenly and it appeared to be daylight. I looked at my clock which said 12:05 which startled me because I thought it was noon and was supposed to have met my daughter in town at 7:45 a.m. A closer look at clock made me realize it was midnight, not noon, since the display did not say p.m.. I ran around house and looked out windows. It was so light that I could see distant neighbors houses. I live on top of a mountain near a river in a very rural area and there are no street lights. Usually, night time is pitch black unless there's a full moon.  But even full moons don't light up the night like this light was. I looked up in sky and could see the moon which didn't even appear to be a quarter of a moon. The sky appeared cloudy. I knew light wasn't coming from moon but was too scared to go outside to try to determine what was lighting up the sky so brightly.  There were no flashes or bright objects that I could see by looking out all the windows. The light had a strange cast to it, not quite like normal daylight but just as bright as day time. The trees and plants were sparkling. I was very scared and locked myself in bedroom with my dog who acted strangely also. Since it was midnight I didn't call anyone but just layed in bed as the strange light came in windows.  I felt strange and subdued and frozen to my bed. I felt like I was sedated and the time seemed to be passing by faster than normal. These sensations could have been caused by my extreme fright though, and not be an outside force. It crossed my mind that the lit-up night was due to a huge craft hoovering over the house. I heard no sounds. I never slept but finally the real sunlight came with dawn and the strange light was gone. I have a friend who works nights as a security guard. I called her up later in the morning and asked her if she had noticed anything strange the night before without telling her about my experience. She said that she was driving home some time after 11:00 p.m. on 4/6/06 and as she approached Nevada City that the night sky seemed to be like day time. She said she had the feeling of a huge space craft hoovering above her car as she drove but she never saw one. I then told her what I had experienced just an hour after she had seen it. It had scared her also but she had tried to tell herself that it must have just been a strange weather phenomenon. I live on top of the mountain. She lives on my road but a couple of miles down the mountain.;39.3017;-120.9717
