My girlfriend and I witnessed a  well lit craft that was completely silent, but appeared to be flying at speeds upward of 5 hundred MPH;2010-07-19 22:22:00;3 min;My girlfriend and I witnessed a  well lit craft that was completely silent, but appeared to be flying at speeds upward of 5 hundred MPH My Girlfriend and I were sitting out front of her Nevada City home, listening to lectures on the Ipad. The time was about 22 minutes after 10 pm when I noticed a very bright star off in the south southwest sky, between two other stars of average brightness.  It wasn't long, maybe just a few seconds before we both realized this very bright star seemed to be moving.  When we say bright, we mean like venus has been for the last several weeks, just really standing out in the night's sky.  So the craft (obviously can't call it a star now that it's moving), began to move upward in relation to it's neighboring stars then began to get brighter very quickly which we realized was being caused by it moving rapidly in our direction. As it approached I guessed it looked to be no more than 1 mile up, either that or it was a very large craft because as it flew over us we could distinguish individual lights on the body of the craft.  Also I could faintly see that there was a blinking of some sort, however my girlfriend got a much better view as she had run inside and got the binoculars.  She then raced to the north side of the house as it flew overhead and told me a moment later that she was able to clearly see what appeared to be a paramecium shaped craft with rythmically pulsing light from front to back. The craft continued it's North by Northeasterly course until I could no longer see it. It was extremely bright to me the whole 3 minutes that I was watching it. I have been fascinated by technology and space my whole life and am very familiar with our current abilities as humans in regards to vehicles and propulsion systems.  This craft or vehicle that my girlfriend and I both saw last night in no way compares to anything I have ever seen or heard of that humans can construct. It doesn't even compare to stretching our most advanced flying vehicles to the point of absurdity.  The reason I say that is the most shocking part of the experience for us:  The Speed of this craft, based on its apparent size, distance and luminosity had to be upwards of 5 or 6 Hundred MPH.  For all of its speed and distance covered, the craft we saw remained COMPLETELY silent.  I mean this thing didn't make a sound. Not in the distance and not when it was right above us, and it looked like it was over Sacramento 1 minute, then right above us in Nevada City the next, then on it's way over Nevada the next minute. I am completely certain this craft was not Man Made and I am not a ufo advocate, nor have I ever seen or reported anything like this in my life.;39.3017;-120.9717
