Explosive corona.....Shooting Star becomes disk that hovers;2005-01-15 04:00:00;2 minutes?;Explosive corona.....Shooting Star becomes disk that hovers In the Northwest sky a bright flash eminated from one of the stars, it seemed to radiate out in a bright red corona. My eyes then followed what seemed to be a shooting star from that area north and to the east in a long arc. When the shooting star should have gone out of site it turned and came towards me. What came before me was thicker than a disk. If I had to draw it it would be more like two dinner plates with an old fashion reel to reel tape case in between. It seemed to be made of entirely white blue light. It was quite small actually. As it hovered I heard in my head a distinct Hello I answered back, and that is the last thing I can remember. ((NUFORC Note:  We will request more information from the witness, and will invite the party to submit an illustration of what the described object looked like.  PD));36.2959466898956;-76.2432606271779
Red glow observed during storm, Locating of glow lines up to Harvey Point.;2013-06-29 21:00:00;10 minutes;Red glow observed during storm,  Locating of glow lines up to Harvey Point. To whom this concerns,  	I’m submitting this report to your organization to hopefully gain a better explanation of what we possibly saw during that night.  I initially submitted a report to MUFON on July 4th, 2013, and I was shortly contacted by a MUFON investigator to come and visit our home. Sometime after he was suppose to come I had one occurrence late one evening with a helicopter which overflew my home under 500 feet and maybe 40-60 knots of airspeed.  First time was with a searchlight and second time which occurred within 10 minutes roughly it was blacked out with just one red strobe on the tail. 	I did write this MUFON investigator and informed him about it, and he’d seemed intrigued. Well, long story short he never did come and never contacted me again.  I followed up this previous December about why did he never follow up with me.  Real quickly, the reason I waited so long was because I thought maybe this guy thinks I’m full of s@#$ and I didn’t want to be too persistent to possibly make him think i’m overbearing.  	So I got a response to my concerns about why I was never contacted from the state director of MUFON from NC. It seems that the initial investigator fell very ill, and then my case got pawn off and they explained that it was a very rare meteorological event that we witnessed. Overall I have a gut feeling that there is something strange about this event. Any info would be great.   	Here is the Original report, “My wife and me were outside on the deck watching the thunderstorm approach from the southwest when out of no where a reddish orange fog or cloud appeared. It started out dull in brightness but soon got brighter and brighter and was in my opinion roughly 10 to 15 miles away. As it was becoming brighter it was making its way towards our direction from the southwest and the closes it came was roughly 1/4 of a mile from us. This event lasted roughly 10 minutes and it gave my wife and I a strong feeling of eeriness as it was making progress towards us and becoming bigger and bigger. The weird thing is we never saw a distinct detailed craft, we only saw a glowing fog or cloud that seemed to have intelligent control. This dense fog or cloud just dissipated after getting that close to us and it took roughly 2-3 seconds for it to disappear. If anything has any idea what this was please add on your opinion. Also there was no noise only a creepy feeling.”;36.2959466898956;-76.2432606271779
