Silent, Possible Saucer shaped object with Single light, followed us aprx 5 miles then simply vanished.;1998-07-19 00:30:00;5 mins;Silent, Possible Saucer shaped object with Single light, followed us aprx 5 miles then simply vanished. On July 12th or July 19th  Aprx. 12:30am (it has been many years but it was definately a Saturday night/Sunday Morning not long after Midnight, Mid-July)  Returning from Liberal, MO, (Barton County) to Arcadia, KS (Crawford county) traveling North via N. Mo-K Rd. between NW 50th Rd to the MO-V intersection. Large opaque object with single extremely bright light at treetop level. Object not identifiable but it was huge. It blocked out the stars for at least 30 meters long by 20 meters tall at its thickest point and 5 to 10 meters tall at its thinest points (out near the ends). So it could have been saucer shaped.  The object was moving at a high rate of speed as we neared a rail road crossing then stopped abruptly as we reached the tracks. As I drove on it started following along side of us on the west side of the road about 30 to 50 meters away.  As I sped up it kept up, as i slowed it slowed. I stopped, it stopped. We rolled down all the windows in the car, I turned off the radio and the engine. There was absolutely no sound.  At first one person with me who was a Lt. (at the time) in the Oklahoma Natl. Guard and the other person that was maintence/electrician person for a local town thought it was a helecopter. But there was no wind or breeze that could have diverted the sound of a copter that close.  I restarted the car and proceeded to slowly drive north on MO-K, it followed at the same rate of speed at the same distance at treetop level until we reached the junction of MO-K & MO-V.  During this time the Light never changed position, it continually pointed down to the grown towards us, even while we and the object were traveling North bound and we and the object were in an East/West alignment. When we reached the MO-V intersection the light simply vanished and you could see the stars again in the vacated location.  The night was still and calm, temp was aprx. 79 degrees, few clouds in the sky, no precipitation.  None of us in the car that night has spoken about this sighting since it happened, until now as i type this. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));37.6367;-94.6523
