At about 2245, an object that appeared to be a star or planet caught my eye.  I looked away, then glanced back up, and noticed that the;2012-10-30 22:45:00;90 seconds;At about 2245, an object that appeared to be a star or planet caught my eye.  I looked away, then glanced back up, and noticed that the star was moving rather quickly from North to South.  I then noticed 3 aircraft that appeared to either be traveling in formation with the white object, or chasing it, coming up from the North of the object. After about 10 seconds, I could make out individual strobes on the 3 aircraft, and a blinking red light on just one of them.  The original object was solid white, not blinking or pulsing, and did not have any red or green lights to it.  The intensity of the white light never varied. About 10 seconds after this, the aircraft on the Northern end of the formation of 3 sped up, and placed itself on the Southeastern tip of the formation, and closest to the white object. About now, I could make out the body of the aircraft that appeared to be in the middle of the formation, and saw reflections from it’s strobe on the bottom of the airframe. The objects proceeded directly South, with the white light leading the group and the 3 aircraft in apparent formation back to its North, Southeast and West.  The 3 aircraft following the unblinking white light never once overtook the (object), but stayed to its North, East and West, even when the Northern aircraft sped up to overtake the other two!  I cannot say for sure, but, I thought I could make out some type of structure to the object emitting the white light, because of the moon shining onto it.  Also, I cannot prove this, but, it kind of looked like the 3 aircraft in pursuit of the white light were staging themselves in position to visually observe the white object.  That is just my appreciation of what I saw, and how the 4 objects were traveling in relation to one another. This did not appear to be a satellite, and it certainly was not a planet or a star!  The entire time I observed the white light, and the 3 aircraft following (or chasing it), was about 90 seconds.   My sighting ended when the lights went behinds a light cloud haze. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he seemed to us to be quite serious-minded and eloquent.  We suspect that he is a highly reliable witness.  PD));39.793;-101.0343
