Large, black object(s) seen in the clouds above Port Angeles;2001-12-29 16:20:00;5 minutes;Large, black object(s) seen in the clouds above Port Angeles My husband was outside watching the sky as he often does, waiting for me to get ready so we could go to the movies.  He observed a huge black object above him, seemingly cloaked in the clouds.  It was a calm day, with a partial cloud cover, no wind at all.  He watched the object(s) for a minute then ran in to yell for me to come now PLEASE! I ran outside and he related to me what he had seen, since the object was no longer there.  He described it as a huge black wall, but it almost seemed to be changing shapes within the cloud.  He said it was at least 2 football fields in length from his perspective.  I continued to watch the sky with him and about 1 minute later, we both observed a solid, black disc shaped object fall like a leaf from the clouds, about 1/2 mile from where the object originally was seen by my husband.  It seemed to be heading N/NW This was seen above the treeline, so we didn't see where it went, just that it fell.  Then directly above that, in the clouds again, I saw what appeared to be two large black objects dancing in the clouds.  I immediately said oh, look honey, they're hang-gliders!  But they were seemingly quite large, in fact it could have been one object, as the clouds were obscuring parts of whatever I was seeing.  They or it continued moving for about 10 seconds, then completely disappeared into the cloud cover.  This is the first time my husband or I has witnessed anything remotely unexplainable in the sky.  We are at a complete loss as to how to explain it. We've thought of kites, hang-gliders, balloons, airplanes, blimps, stealth bombers, none of it seems to fit.  There were no visible lights on the object(s), it was just big and black.  It made no noise whatsoever, and there was no wind at all.  It was afternoon, with about 1 hour left of good daylight. I am a professional, working in the health care field here in town.  My husband is a stay at home dad, caring for our 2 year old son.  We have been going nuts trying to figure this out.  We haven't seen any other reports of a sighting on that day.;48.086504;-123.588
what caught my attention of the evening of 13 oct 2002, at approx. 9:00pm was am occurrance that I have recorded.  The object was trave;2002-10-13 21:00:00;3 minutes;what caught my attention of the evening of 13 oct 2002, at approx. 9:00pm was am occurrance that I have recorded.  The object was traveling at its usual arc and speed.  I thought this to be a satellite that I have been videotaping and recording over a period of time.  It slowed down from its usual speed and separated into three objects. It made about four rotations, then went back to its normal appearance.  This oject travels NNE to E on its regular path.  But that night it didn't behave like a satellite.  As an amatuer astronomer and a scientist, I find that what occurred was a rarity and I would appreciate it if someone can tell me what I captured on film that night.  I might add that I have taken what I recorded on my Panasonic 700x digital camera and converted it to vcr then to digital camera and then to comuter so that I can download if needed.;48.086504;-123.588
Ball/Cylinder shaped metallic object  hovering over Port Angeles, Wa;2004-02-12 09:15:00;30-45 seconds;Ball/Cylinder shaped metallic object  hovering over Port Angeles, Wa I was driving home & observed what I thought was a very slow moving airplane heading south from the Strait of Juan De Fuca in Port Angeles, WA. I then became curious by the more circular shape of the object (a ball shape)& at that time I noticed the absence of wings & the clear definition of a round shape .  The object suddenly changed speed (Faster) then appeared to stop in mid air. It slowly moved back north for about 2 or 3 seconds then south again. It was a beautiful sunny morning with clear blue sky. The object stayed suspended in the sky for 10 - 15 seconds then either turned or changed its shape into a cylinder type tube. The sun was reflecting more of its surface as the object appeared to turn. It was definately a metalic surface as it reflected the sun brightly, but its darker form was also visible as if it were illuminated from another light source (A darker metallic grey). It was at this time that the object accelerated out of sight heading due east. The speed at which the object dissapeared was astounding!  I was later told by a friend that he was on the telephone with his wife when she observed the same object at the same time, about 0915am, also in Port Angeles.  As far as my credibility goes, I'm a 44 year old male, Potter & Sculptor, with previous Law Enforcement & Military background.  I've seen a lot of things fly, but nothing like this.;48.086504;-123.588
