Bright Blue-White fireball with Yellow-Orange Halo and Tail.;1999-08-27 00:15:00;2 seconds;Bright Blue-White fireball with Yellow-Orange Halo and Tail. I was sitting in my hot tub at about 12:15 AM Friday morning (right after listening to Peter's report on Art Bell) when I glanced out to the southwest of my location, towards the Olympic Mountains. In the distance I saw a very, very bright blue and white fireball with a orange-yellow halo and tail traveling at great speed to the north, towards the city of Victoria, British Columbia.  From the time I initially saw it, to the point where an object was obstructing my vision of the object, it traveled about 10 miles in two seconds. It looked similar to a meteorite, and I thought it was one at first. After staring up, looking for something else I then realized that there were clouds out that night, and the object was below the clouds. [Note: I will draw a picture of the object, scan it, and send it in a day or two when I get some time. Also note that I work evenings/nights.];48.086504;-123.588
It was a bright circular object with mullti-colored llights in the center in the western sky over the Straits of Juan de Fuca;2002-06-20 23:15:00;35 minutes;It was a bright circular object with mullti-colored llights in the center in the western sky over the Straits of Juan de Fuca We saw a bright llight in the west and thought it was a large plane with its landing lights on.  After 10 minutes or more it did not move.  It was not a planet or star, as it was too bright  for being almost above where the sun had set earlier (it was directly west over the Jaun de Fuca Straits).  We have a home with a view and own a spotting scope.  When we looked at the bright llight with the scope we could see multi-clolored lights apparently within the white light: red, organge green, blinking in no particular pattern.  After 30-45 minutes my wife and I went to bed, as the object was getting smaller, as it it were going west, or  just diminishing in size.  I am a retired clergyman, and  my wife is a registerred nurse.  Neither of us have ever seen anything llike this before and we would not be described as believers in UFOs.;48.086504;-123.588
Object with glowing, sparkling tail seen traveling across the sky, disappearing over mountains.;2003-11-07 07:00:00;10 minutes;Object with glowing, sparkling tail seen traveling across the sky, disappearing over mountains. I was driving home from work shortly after 7 a.m., and witnessed a strange object.  It caught my eye because it looked like a short contrail very high up in the sky, but was really bright white.  Then as I watched, the trail became increasingly long and bright.  It was traveling from N/NW to S/SE, away from the Strait of Juan de Fuca towards the Olympic Mountains.  At this point, I pulled my car over to observe it more closely.  There were a few other cars pulled over as well, with the people inside craning their necks like I was.  By this point the tail was getting longer, and appeared to grow longer as the object made its way across the sky.  It seemed to travel like a missile, on a steady course, but with this tail behind it that was absolutely stunning.  The tail was brilliant orange by this point, and seemed to sparkle and wave, almost gossamer in appearance. This continued on for a few more minutes as it proceeded on course towards the mountains, and then disappeared from my view.  When I got home to my husband and described what I had just seen, he said that must have been a solar sail.  From his description of what that is supposed to look like I agreed, but cannot find anything on the internet about a solar sail having been launched on or near that date.  Perhaps this was a fireball or meteor?  Whatever it was, it was absolutely incredible and I'll be shocked if no one else from the area reports it (I've heard nothing yet).  I am a professional in the health care field, and work at the hospital here.;48.086504;-123.588
2 objects seen in sky appearing to enter atmosphere.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible space debris.  See other reports from OR.  PD));2018-02-14 21:30:00;<5-10 seconds;2 objects seen in sky appearing to enter atmosphere. Sighting info:  Observation location:  48 Deg. 6 Min. 44.02 Sec. North 			123 Deg. 24 Min. 38.33 Sec. West      As per Google Earth  1st seen at 168 Degrees Relative.  Degrees above horizon 20 degrees +/- 5 degrees  last seen at 113 Degrees Relative. Degrees above horizon 12 degrees +/- 5 degrees   Information:  	I had just finished talking to my friend/neighbor on his front porch and was walking out the sidewalk to go back to my house across the street, when I looked up over my house and saw two objects enter my view from behind a tree in my yard and appeared to be entering the atmosphere traveling from West to East in the Southern sky.  At first they appeared to be bright white in color and leaving a trail behind them, but as they progressed eastward they changed color from yellowish to orangish (could have been atmospheric conditions causing this). 	The lead object was larger in size (if I had to place a size reference, about the glow size when you see the International Space Station fly over) and was leaving a trail and the appearance of sparks like it was disintegrating in the atmosphere.  The object trailing behind the first object a short distance was smaller (more like a common star size) was doing the same thing as the lead object, except that it would disappear from sight for a second, at those times you could see nothing indicating it was there, no trail or sparks... nothing.  Then it would reappear and create a trail in the trail of the lead object with sparks and all, it would be visible for a second and disappear again for a second then reappear again.  This continued through the entire time I was able to see them, before they could no longer could be seen, due to more trees.;48.086504;-123.588
