Me-LOKING FROM CAMPER-SKY LIGHT-SOUTH TO NORTH WEST;1999-06-27 22:30:00;1To 20 Sec;Me-LOKING FROM CAMPER-SKY LIGHT-SOUTH TO NORTH WEST AT the time I was laying down to sleep. I was in my camper looking up to the sky through the skylight.I WAS LISTENING TO ART BELL, HE HAD JUST STARTED WITH THE BROADCAST. It was real strange. Art Bell had just said that thier was A sighting along the most northern coast of California and Oregon heding N N West. I was looking up at the stars when I notist somthing that was stationary and then started to move for no reason. It WAS NOT A PLANE. Or a sattlight. This thing went brighter than a star and then with en about 15 to 30seconds moved slower than an airplain to the NW and disapierd withen seconds. It was? ((personal data deleted));48.086504;-123.588
A round object hit a plane and kept traveling.;2003-07-21 21:10:00;5minuts;A round object hit a plane and kept traveling. Dear Sir.   I tried to transfer my video of the event from my camra, but Ill have to find another way to do it.  Thr first plane,(possibly an F-16), came from the South.  Passing over head as it turned East, towards Seattle or Whidby Island.  I began filming this because he was making a pink trail behind him in the sun-set. I was standing where I could still see to the south from our yard.  I vodeo-taped the second air craft, heading from the South to the North, crossing the Straights into Canada. As I watched through my view finder.  I saw something fly towards this, (possibly a militare plane, or a passenger), from the East to the West.  Just before this round object hit the belly of this jet.  The lights on both wings and the tail flashed on together.  The round object went under the facing wing.  And out the back.  What looks like spray can be seen on the tape.  But the round object can again be seen leaving the tail of the air craft and continuing West.;48.086504;-123.588
Two spheres of light observed dancing in the sky near Port Angeles, WA.;2010-08-13 01:40:00;15 seconds;Two spheres of light observed dancing in the sky near Port Angeles, WA. Last week, my boyfriend and I were on an Alaskan cruise. We are both in our mid-20s, college graduates, work regular jobs, have NO experience with UFOS or aliens.   While travelling back to port at Seattle from Victoria, BC, we happened to notice a meteor shower during the late evening of August 12th.  We ended up watching this meteor shower for several hours.  The meteors were amazing, ranging in many sizes and colors.  Around 1:40am (now Friday the 13th), my boyfriend noticed something unusual in the sky.   He saw two uniform spheres of light appear in the sky, move in a figure 8 motion, and then disappear.  He quickly tried to explain this to me in his bewildered state, but within a few seconds these two lights appeared in the sky again and we both saw them.  The spheres were always equidistant apart, as if they were attached by some invisible pole, and danced around each other very quickly and sharply.   The lights moved in a zig zag pattern, back and forth for abo! ut 5 seconds before flying a straight path over the ship and we could no longer see them from our balcony.  The lights were a little larger in comparison to the stars and seemed to appear from mid air in the sky.   We sat in shock for a very long time, trying to come up with a logical explanation, and hoping to see them again. These lights were absolutely not meteors, they moved in several different directions and left no light tail, and they were solid white lights, no blinking or shimmering.  We also thought that possible the military was trying some new type of aircraft, maybe a new invisible plane and all we could see were the two lights on it?   But there was no sound, and with the speed these lights were traveling I’d expect a very loud rocket sound.   So my theory is now that these lights were either one or two UFOs, maybe aliens use meteor showers to hide their arrivals?   I would definitely love to know if there is a logical explanation, I don’t think I will ever stop wondering what we saw and it may just drive me crazy!   This was seen while we were in the Strait of Juan Fuca/Clallam Bay near Port Angeles. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hello Peter,    Thank you for getting back to me so quickly!  I will definitely have my boyfriend prepare his own independent statement.  Its just absolutely unbelievable, I never expected to see a UFO in my entire life.  Half of me still thinks there is no way I could have seen a UFO and there has to be some explanation, but the other half knows that there is nothing on Earth I know of that moves like that, and there is no way we both could have imagined seeing the exact same thing.  To be honest, I feel a little crazy.  I've always believed in other life, its bogus to think that we are the only living planet in an unimaginably vast galaxy,  I guess I just never expected to see for myself.  Either way, it was a once in a lifetime experience and I would definitely welcome another! I will have my boyfriend, Eyad, submit his report though the web form.  Thank you again for contacting me! ((END ADDENDUM)) ((2ND ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Hello Peter,  You can definitely use my additional comments. I will also try to create an illustration, Im creatively and artistically challenged, but will do my best! ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM));48.086504;-123.588
Port Angeles;2011-04-14 23:00:00;5-10 min.;Port Angeles On Thursday evening at about 11:00 while looking west, I noticed a bright patch of light in the sky.  At first I thought it was a plane with it’s landing lights on traveling through a fog layer.  This sighting occurred next to our local airport.  After watching it for a few minutes the light appeared to fade but the hazy aura around the light remained.  During the time I had been watching it, it had traveled east in the southern sky.  When this phenomenon was due south of where I was standing, I started looking at it with binoculars.  What I saw was a nebulous cone shaped cloud that glowed in the night sky. The blunt end of the cone was pointed east with the tapered end pointed west.  A short distance behind the cone shaped cloud was a perfectly spherical orb. On the east side of the orb, were waves radiating out in the direction of the cloud.  I couldn’t judge the speed or the altitude of this sighting, although it looked quite high, a mile or two, and traveled at ! a speed of a fast plane.  I don’t believe it was weather related or a natural phenomenon.  It didn’t look like anything I have ever seen before nor do I have a clue as to what it was.;48.086504;-123.588
12 large bright red spheres line up low in the sky and travel slowly across the Midnight sky towards Canada.;2013-07-05 00:10:00;5 minutes;12 large bright red spheres line up low in the sky and travel slowly across the Midnight sky towards Canada. This report is what my cousin told me today she witnessed last night. Port Angeles, WA - UFO Sighting, July 4, 2012, Midnight, stars out, no clouds, no wind. I was standing on my back deck looking South (towards the Olympic Mountains) at a neighbor’s fireworks when something caught my eye and I looked a little East where I saw 2 red spheres above the tree line and below the mountains’ ridgelines.  There were no stars behind the spheres.  The balls were uniform in their brightness and color.  They did not emit an aura.  They were simply red lights each about the size of a basketball I would hold in my hands. Identical spheres kept appearing one right after another at a regular pace until I could see 12 altogether.  I heard no sounds other than the few remaining fireworks going off.  All 12 spheres were equally spaced in a straight line moving slowly to the North.  After about 3 minutes the 2nd and 3rd sphere moved out of line forming a triangle with the 1st one staying in the lead.  The remaining 9 stayed in the same straight line behind the triangle and did not decrease or increase their distance from one another. I went in to get my roommate so she could see this too.  By the time we got back to the porch we saw the last two leave our field of vision at what I judge to be over the Strait of Juan de Fuca.  This whole sighting lasted about 5 minutes and at no time did I have to tilt my head to watch the progress of these red balls in the night sky. Afterward I went to the internet to see if any information might be there to help explain what I had just seen.  I was shocked at the quantity of reports.  Both my roommate and I are senior citizens who do not regularly pay attention to this sort of thing.  The following is a video link I found that is almost identical to what I saw except that the balls of red light I witnessed were much, much larger.  Other than that there are some very minor differences between this video and what I have reported here.  I am comforted by knowing that someone else has witnessed these red balls too.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc2ppoJIexY;48.086504;-123.588
Bright, star like but too close, multicolored orbs hovering and moving back and forth, seem to give off rays or beams.;2015-07-13 00:00:00;continuous;Bright, star like but too close, multicolored orbs hovering and moving back and forth, seem to give off rays or bems at times for several nights in a row flashing lighted objects in the sky over Port Angeles.  first two nights I observed two. tonight there are three, with one directly overhead.  Muliticolored, sometimes mainly orange, sometimes a bluish white w orange rim. smaller orbs are bright red or blue. I am a photographer.   I got several images at 250mm zoom using tripod and low light settings. remarkable images show a multi colored orb rabidly spinning and juking back and forth, splitting into two or three orbs and streaking leaving long multi-colored tails.  After all is said and done, they end up as one orb in the same spot.   I am not a conspiracy buff.  I do not believe in ghosts or alien or the bogie man.  I am a geology researcher and photographer by profession.   My girlfriend came out and watched for about an hour and also took pictures with a pretty good camera. if we are seeing it others must be too I would think.  I don't like even reporting this, but I feel I have to because there is no information on what exactly they are even though around the world people are googling and photographing these orbs more and more. that worries me because they are definitely a part of our environment.  I've even seen one during the day.  I can't prove it, but I believe they spin the odd, stringy, geometric web-like clouds that are so unusual and non-puffy.   If anyone has any rock solid, scientific, information on what these phenomena are called or what causes them I would be interested. photos available on facebook at the light orb page. hope this helps.;48.086504;-123.588
