Several black objects like a string of beads disappeared .;2020-03-06 15:00:00;<5 seconds;Several black objects like a string of beads disappeared . My elevation 500' multiple objects passing in front of the moon at that time but in and out of the clouds , very close together and approx. 10 degrees to the West and traversing from the north. Facing north the objects would be at the 10 o'clock high altitude position at the moons proximity. Objects looked like a string of black beads without sound no light no aura no uniform shape but daisy looking folding and changing shape all moving up and down then all vanished instantly appearing to rollup and disappear. Their were at least four jet aircraft in the vicinity,two very large white jet liners without windows navigating due east one very high about 20,000 ' the other close at about 5,000' . At least two fighter jets headed southwest at &lt  10,000'. Just before the black objects were seen the sky was being painted with chemicals by at least four other aircraft . I took some photos from phone but nothing showed up.This sighting is true and accurate to the best of my ability. But the objects were so fast that they were gone all in about the blink of the eye. I don't hardly believe that this is worth reporting but I'm positively sure that at least several military aircraft know everything , military might talk to you for confirmation but you won't get the truth ! from them and that is a fact . Never report anything to the military . My brother worked at Papoose and area 51 installing navigation equipment in underground antigravity craft from 1994 and in 1996 they said he died .My brother would come home for Christmas and draw us pictures and diagrams of the craft ,  facilities and nasty military police that were ordered to shoot him if he stepped outside of the hallways. He worked on a particular disc that was silver without seams or external gear but a ramp to inter the ship once inside of the saucer you can see in every direction like inside a fish bowl . Solid metallic exterior but completely transparent while inside . ( All of the seats and accommodations were very small , like for a five-year old children's furniture size ). Saucer floating but could not be tipped. Several of these disc were reported from eight foot to eighty feet in diameter . I remember too that they would change color like carnival glass. Their were no contr! ols or buttons but graphics would appear and fade-out. Their w! ere hier oglyphics copied. We never got closure for my brothers supposed demise but my mother said that she has gotten phone calls from him on his birthday 01/22/56 for several years then nothing . Really don't think my recent sighting is worth reporting but maybe someday I'll be able to get some pictures to make things worthwhile for you . I don't really know why you want folks to report their sightings because we all see them and we know extraterrestrials are everywhere that there is no secret only the gov. military industrial complex evilness and ugliness. If you are part of the cover up and I expect you are then you are culpable for many crimes against humanity and you too must be indicted . We will never trust you .We can research almost every country and get the files but not from our own country that we have paid for with blood.;48.086504;-123.588
