Photo of UFO taken.;2001-08-25 11:30:00;Unknown.;Photo of UFO taken. I'm a K-9 Search and Rescue Coordinator. I was working up on Hurricane Ridge The Olympic Nat. Forest doing some training and was taking a  photograph of the mountain range west of my location on Hurricane Ridge. Didn't see or hear anything. When I got home, I downloaded the disc on my pc and found a triangle image on the photograph hovering at approx. 1000feet. It's metal, triangle. didn't see or hear it when I took the photo. WE've blown up the image and it isn't a bird, or a jet. No clue of what it is. It's not on the camera lens, or something we've made up either. Didn't even know it was up there when I took the photo. ((NUFORC Note:  We have looked at the digital image forwarded to NUFORC.  It is interesting, but the low resolution does not allow us to establish unambiguously what the object is.  We have requested a higher resolution image, in order to try to identify the object.  However, the witness is correct in stating that the object appears to have a definite shape that is not consistent with anything that is readily identifiable.  PD));48.086504;-123.588
This is totally insane...;2006-03-21 23:00:00;Non-Stop;This is totally insane... Morphing Triangle Space Crafts decorated ornamented with Blue, Red, and White lites with Green Lights scanning from cylinder-looking objects. Constantly seeing them. Almost everynight. The triangles even have followed some of my friends within a city block at times with me to witness. Posses hand drawn pictures, but y'all probably already know what they look like. This has been ongoing ever since Jan 2006. Triangle space crafts traveling at 90 degree angles witnessed by many. Red Blue and especially White lights. Don't know what else to say without getting killed... Know of a few spots for sure sightings. Please email me if you live in the area and interested. Sorry, I don't have much time to explain at the moment.;48.086504;-123.588
Large triangular shaped object  followed by smaller round lights in changing formations.;2006-09-25 20:37:00;5-10 sec. each time.;Large triangular shaped object  followed by smaller round lights in changing formations. On Sept. 25, 2006 in Port Angeles,WA. At approx. 8:37 pm.. we were kicked back in the yard looking up at the stars when we saw a extremely large triangular shaped object with 6 large circular lights, one on each corner and one in between each corner... they were a dull orange color. The object was moving at a fast pace from the NE to the SW from as far as we could see in both directions and for approx. 5-10 seconds when it disappeared over the Olympic Mountains. 	Within minutes after the first sighting, we witnessed a second group of lights (maybe a 1/8 the size of the large triangular  object) approx. 5-6 travelling at a high rate of speed in the same direction, also orange in color. They looked like they were bouncing off each other in a irregular formation... Approx. 10 minutes later we witnessed another group traveling East to West...in a strait line with the outer ones weaving in towards the center and another one moving back out taking turns in some sort of pattern .... the second and third set of objects were much larger than the planes we saw flying over. 	Between the second and third set of lights we saw another unknown object flying from a  Westerly to Easterly direction.....that looked like a backwards shaped hang glider... moving very fast.. the bottom of the object was yellowish  in color and silent. we took photos with a 35mm camera and we are hoping they turn out. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded to be exceptionally capable as a witness.  PD));48.086504;-123.588
I was outside smoking a cigarette (I know it's bad for me) and I am a college student who recently took an Astronomy course so I love t;2010-07-27 21:30:00;20 seconds;I was outside smoking a cigarette (I know it's bad for me) and I am a college student who recently took an Astronomy course so I love to sit and look at the stars, find Polaris, that sort of thing so I'm looking up and I see a triangular shaped object with three red lights but the weird things was that an airplane was trailing behind it- as the object passed overhead (I would imagine it to be in the stratosphere rather than troposphere but not entirely certain)- the lights went white quickly and then back to red.  They didn't flash or anything- they stayed red for about the first 15 seconds then switched to white for about 2 seconds, then back to red and it was gone from my view with the airplane still trying to keep up.  This is the most amazing thing I have ever seen in my entire life.  I wish I'd had someone to see it with me for verification purposes, but I know what I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides little contact information.  PD));48.086504;-123.588
Triangular light formation;2013-07-06 23:00:00;20-25 seconds;Triangular light formation On Saturday, July 6th, 2013, at about 11pm, my 15 year old son and I were in the back yard stargazing and watch for unusual objects in the sky.  We do this on occasion, and recently have been seeing a number of unusual objects. On this evening, we both were sitting in lawn chairs facing approximately due south behind our house.  We are about 2 miles from the foot hill before the Hurricane Ridge hill which is about 4 miles from our house.  At about the roof line of the house, which is two story in back and just to the left of it, an object with 3 bright lights, all on the horizontal plane, appeared to have come over the top of the Hurricane Ridge hill.  I say object because the lights were all evenly spaced and moving together as one. We could not see an actual hard surface and did not observe any stars around or between the lights. Just off of center of what would be the bottom of the object, was a red/yellow light.  The three main lights were slightly yellow in color.  Holding my arm out at length and gapping my thumb and forefinger, it was about two inches wide at that distance. I have a green laser that we use when we see an object that appears to be different.  We are very careful to make sure an object is not a plane or helicopter with flashing lights when using the laser.  I pointed the laser at the object and turned it on.  The instant that the laser pointed at the object, all of the lights went out simultaneously.  Not one after the other, but all together.  The lights were moving synchronous with each other and not moving up or down.  I realize that being right after the fourth of July, there could be fireworks.  This was not fireworks or balloons or flares. I do wish that I would not have used the laser, because the object was moving from the south to the north in a slow motion. I think that it may have crossed over near us, but it went out immediately after the laser hit it. Within about 5 seconds after the object vanished, two objects that you would normally consider as satellites, came from the same direction, but were moving in opposing arcs, where they crossed each other’s path, above us. They were moving at a much faster speed than normal satellites do. I did not shine the laser at these two objects, as I just got an impression that it was not a good idea. A few days later, I don’t remember the exact day, there were a number military helicopters and aircraft in the area at night. It may not be related.;48.086504;-123.588
