Shuttle-like craft hovers and flies silently over Willard area.;2006-11-24 20:30:00;15 minutes;Shuttle-like craft hovers and flies silently over Willard area. I was driving from Walnut Grove to Willard on Hwy. 123 at approx. 8:30 at night.   About a mile after leaving Walnut Grove, I noticed what looked like car headlights hovering above a hill to my left, about a mile away.  i ignored it, thinking it was a rescue chopper or something else that could just hover there.   after a couple of minutes, i looked at the hill again.  the lights were still in the exact same place as before, so curiosity got the better of me and i took the next road to my left and pulled over into a field, which put me a little over a quarter mile away from the hill the craft was hovering over.   I stopped my truck, rolled down the window and sat in the window sill, as my drivers door does not open. i watched the craft move from the hill toward the highway, flying at a height of about 150 feet.  at this point it was 100 yards in front of me.   with my truck off, and my music off, all i heard was cows.  this thing flew 150 feet from the ground and didnt make a sound.  in addition to the headlights, which were closer to the wing are than the front, there was a red light on top of the thing.   the craft was shaped more like a space shuttle than a jet or stealth bomber or anythin else that i had seen or have seen since trying to find out what it was.  all the lights were stationary, they didnt flash, and didnt move.   after it flew almost to the high way, the craft turned on a dime and headed straight for my truck.  i took a picture of it on my phone as it came toward me, unfortunately the video i tried to take got messed up somehow in the excitement.  even as it flew directly above my truck, the craft made no sound.   after it got about another 100 yards away from me in the opposite direction, i hopped back down into the truck and took off again, intending to follow it and find out what it was.  it took me maybe 20 seconds to get back out on the high way, right where it wouldve been flying over, but it had disappeared.   i drove around for 30 minutes looking for it and found ! not a sign.;37.2976;-93.4286
