((HOAX))  I was taking my nightly walk, and saw several crafts.;2009-01-01 23:00:00;an hour;I was taking my nightly walk, and saw several crafts. ((NUFORC Note:  This report is an obvious hoax.  However, we post it here, in order to illustrate to those who visit our site the type of stupidity our Center often has to put up with.  Fittingly, we feel, the source of the hoax prefers to remain anonymous.  PD)) Hello. I was out January 1, 2009, and it was 11:00 PM. I was just walking for a few minutes and was on the sidewalk of a school, when I saw these flashing lights up in the sky. I remember the green lights were the color of a green LED such as that you would find on a computer monitor. I remember I saw one BRIGHT light. I remember a voice calling saying, Drop the tunug. It was a robotic voice. I remember calling out, I do not have anything in my hand.  The voice said again, DROP THE TUNUG.I started running. I remember praying in my head, LORD, I am not doing ANYTHING wrong.. PLEASE save me. I will always serve you no matter what, so PLEASE help me.  I remember this horrible pain going through my legs, and I fell to the ground. I heard a clicking noise. I remember someone walking up to me. They put handcuffs on me. I was told to get up, and not to move, or I would be shot with a taser. I know a LOT about tasers. I remember that I was taken to a building. It was a building, that i had never seen before. When I got in, I heard the building making a low pitched humming noise, and there were several machines with lines, and other thangs going across their screen. I was told to sit down. I sat down in a little chair which had several buttons and cranks on it. I saw a red button that said, For emergencies only.  I remember I was told to sit and be quiet or I would be tased again. I complied. I was hooked up to a pulse oximeter, which monitored my oxygen levels, and a mask was put on my face. I remember them saying my oxygen was VERY low. I was taken to a little room, and was hooked up to an EKG machine which beeped to my heartrate. I was then told to put my face up against this machine. I remember my Mom had told me before NEVER to look into something unless I knew what it was. I refused to do as I was commanded. They tased me again. I told them that I was going to do whatever my Mom said, and that I WOULD NOT do that. I was told that if I did not do what they said I would be put in a green light. They said the green light would not just flash. It would shock me. I did NOt put my face up to the machine. You see I am visually impared, and I have to have A LOT of tests, and i am VERY curious when it comes to tests, but I resisted my curiousity. I was taken into a room, and placed in a little machine. I prayed, and as I was in the machine I sang praises to God who I KNOW would help deliver me from this machine. I saw a green light come on. Someone outside of the light screamed. I remember someone grabbing me, and taking me out of the light, and they told me that if I did NOT do what they said, I would be tased. I was then unhooked from the machines. I was taken outside and told that I was free to go. They put this blue light on me, and everything went black from there. I then remember waking up in the craft again, and was told that I was going to have a device called a tunug used on me. They hooked something up to the wall, and I heard this LOUD noise. It sounded like a machine that is used in the eye Drs. I was then told to look at a red light above me. I DID NOT. I remember having an urge to do something. I grabbed something, and pulled it down. I started pushing buttons on a lever, and everyone in the room screamed at me. I remember seeing these springs coiled up, and they were green. They had a light that was very bright. The light was green. I was told that I was free to go. I was told that I was not going to get the tunug used on me. They took me to the back of the house  or craft or whatever its called, and told me to get out. I walked out and when I continued walking I saw these green lights on the ground. I saw a blinking light that said, DO NOT Remove any of these green lights. \ I walked passed them, and continued walking. I then left. I kept walking, until I turned around and went back home. The next morning I woke up, and went to check on these lights. They were now just bulbs that were NOT on.;37.3441;-85.3497
