Moving light over central PA seen quickly ascending into upper atmosphere.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible satellite?  PD));2015-02-05 19:17:00;5 minutes;Moving light over central PA seen quickly ascending into upper atmosphere. Central Pennsylvania.  It was approximately 7:17 PM.  It was dark outside.  I saw a plain, white dot, much larger than a star or planet, moving through the sky.  It was too close to be a satellite, and it was not a plane as it did not have blinking lights.  I was outside my apartment talking to my mom when I saw it.  I watched it some.   Then I noticed a slight curve in its flightpath.  Its speed did not change during this.  What makes this striking though is its exit.  I was looking at it one second, looked down at my mom, looked up and thought it was gone as the bright light was nowhere in sight.   Then I saw the light getting smaller in a line at a sharp angle from where the light was last seen.  I realized this was the light ascending into the upper atmosphere.  It did this in a much greater speed then it was traveling previously.  Its ascension happened almost directly above me.  Nothing else occurred after.  My mom did not see it as she did not want to ge! t out of her car and into the cold. This is not the first time I have seen such a light.  About 10 miles away from this location, I have seen this kind of  light a couple of times.  Each time, it just moves though the sky, sometimes changing its speed and/or flightpath.  I have never before seen it rapidly ascend into the atmosphere though.  Seeing the light do that today is what prompted me to submit this report. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible satellite?  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.1408;-77.444
Star-like/sattelite-like craft spotted heading northeast, making multiple abrupt stops, before zipping off towards the east.;2017-06-08 22:03:00;~64 seconds;Star-like/satellite-like craft spotted heading northeast, making multiple abrupt stops, before zipping off towards the east. Craft appeared suddenly from behind a small cloud in the sky.  Star-like/satellite-like figure moving north east originally regarded as a satellite before making an abrupt stop.   The object continued to move making two more abrupt stops before suddenly zipping off and losing light towards the east.   An airplane was observed 30 minutes after the craft sighting, and looked nothing alike.   A satellite was observed 15 minutes after the craft sighting and kept a steady path, much dimmer as well.;41.1408;-77.444
