Objts  with lights flashing - with one being very clearly a triangular shaped object, as well as moving stars. ((Satellite?  PD));2005-07-02 22:30:00;2 hours;((NUFORC Note:  Possible satellites.  We spoke with the witness via telephone, and she stated that she had never seen a satellite in the evening sky, before this incident.  PD)) Objects  with lights flashing all around - with one being very clearly a triangular shaped object, as well as moving stars. We were sitting outside on our patio approx 10:30 when I noticed a flickering object moving in the sky coming in the direction of the house.  It was just above tree-top level so if it had been an airplane one would have heard the sound.   I asked my dgtr what it was and she dismissed it as a plane.  However, a few mins later another object exactly like the first came through in exactly the same direction as though following an imaginary road in the sky.   And then a few mins later yet another object came through, although when this last one came through it got to a certain point over the house so to speak and it made contact with a moving star.  The object flickered on finally in the same direction as the first two and then the star moved on in another direction.   These same objects came back from the direction that they went and then disappeared after a certain point. The moving star appeared again and then we seen another star and it went in the same direction as the first star. We could not tell the shape of the flickering objects until we seen it for the last time.  After awhile there was a break in activity.  And then an object just appeared in the sky just above tree-top level and it was really visible.  It was triangular in shape with the point of the triangle being the front of the craft with flashing red, green, and white lights all around it.  Since we have seen these objects - the first sightings Sat - over Independence weekend - we have seen these same objects every night since.  Although, the one that was really visible and shaped like a triangle - we have not seen one quite as clear as that one since the first sighting - yet.  We keep seeing flashing lights moving in and coming from the same direction as the first night (or approx vicinity.)  And we keep seeing moving stars that appear to maintain the same directions/movements as well.  These objects make no sound whatsoever. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) We attempted to enter the date in the form required but it would not allow us.  However, the date of the first sighting was Saturday, July 2, 2005 at approx 10:30p.m. and we have been seeing the same objects, i.e., objects with flashing lights and moving stars since that time. ((END));38.7947;-82.9285999999994
