The sighting happened near Ashville Ohio in mann's trailer park.It was hot out ,the moon was bright and in the summer time June or July;1984-06-15 02:50:00;5-8 min;The sighting happened near Ashville Ohio in mann's trailer park.It was hot out ,the moon was bright and in the summer time June or July 1984 or 1985.WE where 9-10 years old.Mann's park is very close to Rickenbacker Air base at that time I think the air base was active.The air base was named after Ace of Aces Eddie Rickenbacker Famous WWI pilot. My name and my sisters {we are maternal twins}, from here on will be,mine-  s  hers-  d .This is what happened to her and I to the best we can recall .She and I where camping out at a friends trailer a few lots down. Around 2:30am My sister D got sick to her stomach and woke me up wanting to go home.I got up and we started walking home,about halfway.I noticed a dim spotlight on us coming from above.We both looked up. I saw a silver disk with lights circling around it.D saw A silver disk that was balled on the bottom .The disk was low about tree top level.D at that moment says she heard a robotic sound like talking but could not understand it.I heard a dull static like humming sound kind of like a TV sounds when it first kicks on .We both got scared and took off running to our trailers front door and began beating the door hard. No one answered,In the house where three people and one was a very light sleeper.No one woke up.So then we ran around to the other side.Our side yard was very close to Rickenbacker property.We then began beating on the light sleepers window.At that moment D says she heard a commotion coming from Rickenbacker men yelling truck motors running,racing.At that moment an apple fell out of our mid-sized apple tree in the yard.D and I turned around and looked up in the tree.This is what I saw in the tree.A very small man hunched, crotched down with his very long arms hanging out in front of him,his body was half in the light His color was bluish grey his legs where silky smooth like a womens and his hands where funny looking not sure why.I got the impression he meant us no harm and I got the impression we where interrupting  something.D saw this from her view point she saw a very small man in a gargoyle like stance with his long arms hanging out off his knees.D says his color was dark she did not see him in the light.D says his head was elongated in the back.That is all she can recall of him.We both saw him not move at all he was very motionless. Now we where freaking out we ran to the front again and this time D went to the corner of the deck and started crying.I beat on the door and started yelling for dad.This time  I could see him through the glass  He was asleep in his recliner and did not move.Then I remember nothing .D and I only remember waking up the next day in our beds.My mother recalls us talking about it but insisted we must have dreamt it all. If that is so then how come no one that night ever recalls letting us in the trailer.Also I have had a birth mark on my thigh all my life it was barely noticeable until that night.Even my mother says the next day is was much more plain to see.Also i have a weird creepy fear of black shark eyes or a bulls eyes.D has no such mark.D has no such fear.We are not insane we are very close twins and what happened was real. I just hope someone else can gain from what we are sharing here.We have no desire to recall anymore than we have.This has taking some courage to do and fear of being made fun of and laughed at has kept us quite till now. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.7281;-82.9435
((HOAX??))  lights in the field. Five craft, of all different size. Lifted from the field, and took off.;2010-10-05 12:00:00;10-20 sec;lights in the field.  Five craft, of all different size.  Lifted from the field, and took off. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  Possible hoax, we wonder.  PD));39.7281;-82.9435
