Traveling Stars;1993-06-15 19:30:00;15-20 sec;Traveling Stars Actually, I'm reporting two similar events.. The first occurance was when my family was moving into this house..so it would be around the summer of '93..my parents and grandparents were moving boxes downstairs around 7 or 8pm, so I went to follow them..on the way, I looked out the window on our side door toward the Northwest field and saw a bright light..it looked like a moving star..normally if it was a plane, I'd ignore it, but this light was too low in the sky and traveling faster than a hellicopter and slower than a plane..usually if a plane or hellicopter passes by that close, we can hear it though out the house because the sound often echoes..but this was silent and we even had the outside door open..I watched it move from west to east and eventually lost sight of it behind a house.. The other occurance was in '97 or '98..My dad was out on a fishing trip and my mom was sleeping on the couch..I happened to look out the window of our family room around 9pm..the curtains weren't open all of the way, but I got a good view of this light..it was just like the other one, but it was closer (almost felt that it was above the neighbor's house) and orange..I listened for normal plane and hellecopter sounds, but there were none..I was looking West out the window and had to move to keep the star looking thing in my sight..it traveled from North to South.. These lights scared me a lot at the time, making me not want to look outside because I might see them again..my parents and I always joke about if it has flashing lights, it's not a UFO, it's a plane or hellicopter, so it was weird when these lights never blinked or never had more than one single light on it..I also looked outside for more stars, but these were cloudy nights.. Ashville is right over an underground river..I've read that that could cause our Geomagnetic Fields to be higher than usual, which might create some kind of light phenomenon..I'm not sure if it's that because these looked more like vehicles than something to do with air particles.. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));39.7281;-82.9435
3 Stars - 2 moved closer together and one went through those two..;1999-06-15 00:00:00;20-30 sec;3 Stars - 2 moved closer together and one went through those two.. My parents and I were traveling north on Route 23 and were between Circleville and Ashville around 1999..I was tired/bored sitting in the back seat, so I looked out my window almost straight up..it was a beautiful starry night!  But then I looked at the stars a while and three of them moved..two got closer together and one went through those two..I thought I was going crazy!  They then stayed still again..when we got home, I couldn't find the stars I saw earlier.. I thought maybe the car changed direction..but that would only cause the stars to rotate and plus all of the other stars stood still..there wasn't any sound either.. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in 1999 is unknown.  PD));39.7281;-82.9435
lights during a meteor shower..;2002-11-18 23:00:00;2 sec;lights during a meteor shower.. It was either last November or the November before that when there was a meteor shower..it was the best meteor shower I have seen and when we decided to start going back in the house, I looked to the east and saw 4 lights..they would light then disappear..they did this one after the other in a straight line going from South to North..it wasn't a meteor because the lights didn't move and it almost seemed timed.. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We have assigned an arbitrary time and date in 2002.;39.7281;-82.9435
Dual beams of light (like headlights) reflecting off clouds, rotating in a stationary circular pattern only visible when cloudy.;2008-11-29 23:00:00;unknown ~10 min +;Dual beams of light (like headlights) reflecting off clouds, rotating in a stationary circular pattern only visible when cloudy. I went outside for a cigarette and just south of where I was (across the street) I saw lights reflecting above the clouds making a circle pattern in the sky.  It was just above the clouds and when the clouds passed it couldn't be seen, returning when the clouds came back over head.  Looks like what could best be described as whitish headlight beams but facing outward at all times as if something was rotating.  I continued to watch for about 10 minutes and it didn't move at all from the spot where it originally was (like as if rotating towards something) but stayed circling the same exact spot in the sky. This is my second time seeing something like this, but the first time (about a month or so ago) it was about 15 miles north of here.  Like now, I had stepped out to get a cigarette and it was just circling just above the clouds right next door to the north of my position. I am unsure on duration, as with both instances the phenomenon had already started when I stepped out and was still continuing when I had to go inside.  I am a star gazer, so I frequently watch the sky and would definitely notice if this occurred more often.;39.7281;-82.9435
lights rotating above house above clouds.   ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights.  PD));2008-12-27 22:30:00;unknown;lights rotating above house above clouds - can only been seen when there is cloud cover to reflect lights. I reported this once before.  I've again seen the strange rotating light reflecting on the clouds over the house across from me.  Same house as last time.  Tonight is a very clear night with almost no cloud cover so I could not see it for long, but I was gazing at Orion while out on having a cigarette and a small patch of thin clouds drifted over the house.  For the duration of the cloud cover I saw the same lights.  They look almost like what would be car headlights in fog but they rotated stationary over the house - lights facing outward.  No actual craft/vehicle/source can be seen, only the lights reflecting from above the clouds.  When the clouds drift away the light cannot be seen at all but when more clouds drift over, it can be seen again continuing the rotation.  This is really started to freak me out.  I want to know what this is!! ((NUFORC Note:  Advertising lights.  PD));39.7281;-82.9435
