Two saucer shaped silver metal crafts with opposite spinning white and red lights on top of each other;1997-08-01 22:00:00;3 minutes;Two saucer shaped silver metal crafts with opposite spinning white and red lights on top of each other My wife at the time and I both saw with extreme clarity two objects in the sky hovering and then moving about very quickly.  We watched them dance about the sky for a couple of minutes.   And then they appeared in full view, there were two saucer shaped crafts made of what appeared to be a silver/gray metal and they both had a series of lights, one section red and one section white, on top of each other and spinning in opposite directions.  There was no mistake of what we saw.   My wife ran to get the video camera and smacked into a closed sliding glass door.  As quickly as they appeared before us, they then disappeared.  However, they hovered with such grace and presented a very clear vision.  Shortly thereafter, approximately 2-3 weeks later and during a storm that was mostly thunder and some lightning, a strange light came through the house.  We were sleeping in opposite bedrooms as my young son was not feeling well.   This light was observed by both my wife and I and it came through the house slowly and in a streak that was about 2-3 feet off the ground.  The light them came before both of us as the same time even though we were in separate bedrooms and it then popped before our eyes.  My wife yelled out did you see that and I said yes.  It was almost like a polaroid light bulb flash had occurred.  But I actually saw the light come through my bedroom opened door area turn towards me and flash pop in my face.  For many years I have thought this was lightning, but everywhere I research I cannot find lightning that acts this way.  I am after several years thinking this was some type of photograph taken of my family and there is a strong coincidence of the encounter with the UFO's.  I can't believe we were the only ones to see these two space crafts of such magnitude with flying technology that is not from our universe. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));28.079349269131;-82.7360883061054
Bright UFO seen for 7 minutes crossing airline flight paths.;2003-07-25 07:45:00;7 minutes;Bright UFO seen for 7 minutes crossing airline flight paths. My wife and I were taking our daily morning walk today when at 7:45a.m. I saw a bright white object high in the sky....We both stopped to watch and discuss what this could be...The object was moving so slowly that I thought it might be a planet or star and that the clouds were what was moving ....but we continued to watch as this object did indeed lob along in a controlled but lumbering flight...the object continued to move in a straight line to the North East and crossed high above the normal flight paths of some incoming airliners....We were lucky enough to see the object fly over a large incoming jet allowing us to judge height...which was at least 10 thousand feet above the airliner which was more than likely flying into TAMPA Intl. and at about 15 to 20 thousand feet. The object did not seem to be interested in the planes but did stop a short distance from the flight paths and remained stationary for a mintute....then staying in the same stopped position began to get smaller and smaller and smaller until it vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  We at first suspected a possible overflight of the ISS, but it was not visible from Florida on this date.  We do not know what the witnesses observed.  PD));28.079349269131;-82.7360883061054
