Two other friends and I (three of us )were in a parked vehicle conversing after dusk.  We all saw what I am about to describe-  three l;1982-06-01 10:00:00;30 minutes;Two other friends and I (three of us ) were in a parked vehicle conversing after dusk.  We all saw what I am about to describe-  three lights in a triangular form, though we never saw the form of the vehicle.  They floated, hovered and moved slowly.   The lights were equidistant from one another, and they were white--and very very bright.  They remained the same distance from each other, the entire time, and it appeared to be 3 lights on the same craft.  I never saw an acutal craft, just the lights of it.   The lights moved FAR to slowly to be a normal object (like a plane), and at times didn't appear to be moving at all. I realize that objects appear to move slower than they actually are, the farther away they are.  I know that objects can look smaller than they are the farther away they are.   Over the years, as I have tenatively, and cautiously shared this story with a few select people, I have been given the following explanations.  Sue, you probably saw an airplane.   Well, do airplanes hover?   Are there lights completely equidistant, like the lights on the point of an equilateral triangle?   Do they hover? I know that they can appear to hover, if they are far enough away. But the size of these lights made it impossible for them to have been that far away. Suggestion number 2:  Maybe you saw a spot light.   Maybe...if there were three spotlights and they moved in a straight line, and all moved together  and, if they hovered. Suggestion number 3:  Maybe your eyes were playing tricks on you.   Okay... for over half an hour, that's a long time for my eyes to adjust to the night light, whatever.   But what about my witnesses?  After being ridiculed, I decided it best just to let this event in my life stay private.   I am now 42, and I was 18 when this happened. Well, you are the third person I have shared this with, Mr. Moderator. What is your opinion?  Is there a logical explanation?  I know what I saw, just don't know WHAT it is that I saw back then.  Any ideas?;39.3394;-94.229
