Slow black triangle seen multiple times over Pyote Texas.;2013-09-06 22:00:00;45 minutes;Slow black triangle seen multiple times over Pyote Texas. I work in the oil field and was out in the field late bringing on a well. I could sense a low rumble (the only way I can describe it) but could barely hear it.  I looked up to see where it was coming from and I saw a slow moving triangular shaped craft moving above me.  The sound quickly faded once it was not exactly over my head and it was now silent.  The craft had four lights closely spaced together near the front of the craft in a half circle shape, and then a light at the back two corners.  These lights were constant and were a faint orange color. In the center was a very slow pulsing red light.  I watched the craft with some binoculars I had with me, and could not make out much other than its general shape. I watched it fly off for at least 10 minutes.   Approximately 15 minutes later, I feel the same sensation from earlier and look up to see the craft again passing over in the same direction.  Once again I watched it for a long time.  From the size of the craft and the angles as it passed, the craft was not that high in the air.   A few thousand feet is all.  I watched other aircraft in the area and could tell they were much higher and that their light patterns were consistent with regular aircraft while this craft clearly did not have the usual lighting setup.   As I was leaving location about 15 minutes later I was now on a lease road and I kept watching the sky.  I saw the same craft once again flying in the opposite direction from the first two sightings. Once again I watch it until I can't see it.  Soon I entered onto a small highway leading to the interstate and I saw the craft once again!  This time I could see the craft from the side and it was clearly triangular and appeared to have an extra marker light midwing that could not be seen directly beneath.  The craft appeared to be traveling in a loop that was northeast to southwest.  Possibly a drone?  Clearly not an FAA approved craft. Each time I could sense the craft but there was next to no sound, and then only for a! moment, and it moved very slowly.  I called a coworker who reported to me that he has been told by a vacuum truck driver who works the area that he too has seen a craft flying out here at night.  I will be speaking with this person in the morning to see if our sightings are similar.;31.5385;-103.1269
