Plum Island Ma. red glowing object, night turned to day;2010-05-01 01:00:00;4 hours;Plum Island Ma. red glowing object, night turned to day This happened 9 years ago but I remember it like it was yesterday. I have been looking for similar reports for years and finally found one that was kind of similar but not entirely.  I was in my home on Plum Island and was watching TV.  It was 12:45, as the tonight show just ended and I was going to bed.  I shut the lights off, went into the kitchen to get a drink of water and suddenly froze.  There was a bright light, like a flashlight shining in my living room.  I froze as I thought it was a robber casing out my house.  I stayed in the kitchen not making a sound, suddenly my house was full of light, it was like daytime.  (not middle of the day bright but early morning when the sun first comes up or like around 7:00pm in the summer before it gets dark.)  I was confused, did I fall asleep standing in the kitchen and woke up to morning?  I looked at the clock on the microwave and it was 1:00am. To better describe the scene, the back of my house was floor to ceiling sliders on the back and sides going out to a large deck that overlooks one house behind mine.(Marks) and the marsh beyond that.  I lived on a small dirt road with 4 houses.  1 in front of mine, one behind mine and one across the street from the one behind me. I'm confused as to why the clock on the microwave and my cell phone say 1:00am but its light out. I go out on the deck to investigate.  On the right  corner of the house behind mine (Marks) on the roof is a huge glowing object.  At first I though that Mark put a spotlight up and it was what was shingles's in my house, then I thought his house was on fire but that wasn't the case.  It was a huge glowing object I can only describe as a fireball. Just sitting on the corner of the roof and side of the house.  Not moving, just glowing. I wasn't afraid, just curious and maybe a little nervous. I decided to go back in the house, grab a cup of coffee and my cigs and go sit on the deck to watch it. I watched it but nothing happened.  The best way to describe the object is that it almost looked like a piece of the sun was on the corner of the roof.  It was the color of the sun when it sets over the water. red in the middle and then orange around the outside turning to a yellow. kind of round like a circle. Then it dawned on me that is was daylight out.  The object wasn't emitting any light rays but the whole sky was light. I walked around the the deck stairs that face out to the front of the house to look down the street and It hit me like a ton of bricks that it was dark out like it is supposed to be at now 1:30 in the morning. It was only daytime over my house and Marks house.  Across the street and everywhere else in was night. Then I got kind of freaked out. I looked up but there was no aircraft or space ship lighting up our houses, it was seriously daylight. As I sat watching the only explanation I could come up with was that it was some sort of UFO that crashed and they needed the light to see to fix it. I wasn't scared sitting on the deck watching it, because I am pretty sure if there were people in it, they didn't notice me. I didn't want to wake up my boyfriend as I knew he would run over to get close up and I was afraid he would be seen and I know he would never just sit and watch.  I thought about going to Marks and ringing his doorbell but it was now like 2:00am and again, I didn't want the ufo to see me. So I just stayed on my deck drinking my coffee and smoking my cigs watching it.  I watched for hours and it didn't move, nothing. by now it was starting to get light everywhere as it was around 5:30 in the morning.  I was so tired and I had to work in the morning so I figured I would just go to bed and when people woke up they would see it. I went to bed and woke up to pee around 7:00 am.  I looked outside and it was now morning light and the UFO was gone. Oh and the object did not make any sound, in fact there was no sound at all.  No birds, crickets or frogs, just dead silence. I thought to take a video or pictures, but was afraid It might see me, so I didn't.  I will email you photos of my old house so you can get an idea of where I was watching and the surrounding area. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.8133;-70.8814000000001
