One low flying oval craft splits into 2 in distance at noon,no lightsThen 3rd round craft hovered & vanished3 holes &1red center hole;2018-02-08 13:15:00;30 seconds;One low flying oval craft splits into 2 in distance at noon, no lights.  Then 3rd round craft hovered & vanished  3 holes & 1 red center hole One oval object flew over Boulder creek town about 4 to 5 hundred feet reported by two boys age 10 witnessing from the towns Elementry school campus.  One boy said it split into two as if one was above the other after it rapidly flew by above him.  The two oval create positioned themselves on each side of airplane that was flying estimate over a mile away as they disappeared over the mountains in an easterly direction.  The other boy only saw one craft around the plane because of the trees blocking his view as the plane and craft vanished over the mountain.   School was in process and the one boy that witnessed the split into two after leaving the bathroom to return to class in his first few steps looked up to see a round craft heading very slow southbound with 4 holes underneath 3 w one red hole in the center he claims looked like a red laser (maybe power source) though couldn't describe the beam he said came out that didn't hit the ground like a laser beam but more of a laser light.  Red anyway and was very low above the huge redwood trees and was directly over his head no sound either like it may have been 30 ft dia then it shot straight up and disappeared.  He said it vanished before it went high enough to disappear.  The first oval object had no holes underneath had to be traveling 60 mph plus and he felt when flew over was 20 ft in length and 12 ft -15 ft wide.  To me this was an amazing account claims of sighting.   I have throughly questioned these boys to see if the stories changed or if any inconsistencies on two separate days. They have not told anyone or kids at thier school as afraid of ridicule.  I asked-the one boy that had the first craft fly over him low what did he think and he replied he thought it was a huge drone.  Then he thought it was some craft from Lockheed which they have a facility within 3 miles  up the mountain in Bonnie Doon in the near west direction.  Then he felt they where trying to attack the plane.  And ! the round craft he said it was mostly blocked by the tall tree! branche s.  He didn't get scared e was just trying to make out what he was seeing.  No others witnessed that round craft that shot up.  I went to the school with these boys and they explained their sighting and all made sense.in perspective accounts of the observation points.;37.1536;-122.1341
