US Airforce plane moving very low and and very slow, surrounded by round disk and making no sound.;1976-06-15 13:00:00;5 minutes;US Airforce plane moving very low and and very slow, surrounded by round disk and making no sound. UFO SIGHTING, EARLY 1970’S ATHENS, TWP, PA, WOLCOTT HOLLOW ROAD   This take place in the early 1970’s while I was at my grandparents’ home on Wolcott Hollo Road, in Athens Township PA.  These were my stepfather’s parents.  Their names were XXXX and XXXXXXX MXXXXX. It was mid-summer, and I was walking up the hill, (a pasture) across from the house.  I was with my Uncle Jim, my stepfathers’ younger brother.  While walking up the hill, something caught our attention, causing us to turn around. When we did, we had a perfect clear view of what we were seeing, as it was very low, only about 50 to 75 ft off the ground.  As it went over the house, I thought I could have thrown a ball and hit it, as it was that close. What we were seeing was a shiny silver aircraft with the US Air Force symbol on the side.  The props were not turning and I don't believe the engines were running.  On both sides of the plane and to the front and rear of the Aircraft, were round disk.  Above the plane, was a single disk. Also, there seemed to be a shimmer, something like what you see when you see the heat rising from a hot road.  That’s what it looked like between the disk and the aircraft. There was no sound whatsoever, and they were moving very slow. There was, still is, a hilltop on either side of the area. So, it’s like they were going below the hill tops, following the valley they made. At the time, I only knew it as a shiny silver plane, it was later that I knew it was a B 17. At the time we seen this, my uncle was visibly nervous. He told me to never say anything about what we had seen.  He told me that if I did, something bad could happen.  So, I never said anything to anyone, except my wife years later. I am now 56 years old, a combat veteran, and I have seen other things I have kept quiet about.  I think it’s time I share what we had seen.;41.9517999999999;-76.4922
