At night, a group of about five independently-moving lights, changing directions instantly in straight paths.;1994-06-01 01:00:00;15 minutes;At night, a group of about five independently-moving lights, changing directions instantly in straight paths.  The lights were difficult to see, like very dim stars. If I hadn’t been looking for dim stars in the exact spot I was looking, I wouldn’t have noticed them. They appeared to be the same brightness, color, and distance of the stars. (I know stars are at all different distances from Earth, but this is the best way to describe their appearance.)  It was a clear night in early summer. There were many visible stars, no moon. Myself and my friend (about 20 years old), were watching the sky from a field in the countryside. I noticed the lights and was able to direct my friend to see them. We both watched them and discussed how they were moving. We agreed there were no aircrafts that could move like that. We saw them for at least 15 minutes, but it could have been longer.  They did not move in regular patterns. Each light would move independently. They were not traveling across the sky, they were staying in a proximate area, never moving very far from each other. This was easy to see because of the abundance of visible stars around and behind them.  Each light would move in a straight path, at a steady speed, and then change direction immediately. The light would not slow down or change speeds mid-flight. The direction-change was immediate. They did not curve.  A light would sometimes become more faint and then brighter again. (I assumed this to be it moving further and closer from us.) Their speeds could vary at each direction change. (I assumed this to be a result of the angle they were moving relative to Earth). I don’t remember if they ever stood still. Their speed was not too fast to watch, (Not like a cat chasing a rapidly-moved laser pointer.) though I’m sure they were moving at high speeds. Our distance from them made them easy to track.  The lights eventually became too faint to see, but not all at once. I assumed this to be a result of the group moving further away from us.  We agreed that the movements were intentional (controlled by some intelligence - presumably the pilots of the crafts). But could this have been some naturally occurring phenomenon? If so, I’d assume someone would know about it, or it would be common knowledge. After all, there are astronomers who study space for a living.  As I said, I believe these moving lights were controlled by an intelligence. Not because they were doing anything logical, but just that they were deliberate and unmistakably calculated. If these were actually government crafts being tested or whatever, I don’t see what their tests could have been proving. Furthermore, why would they have 5 of them up there? If they were testing, wouldn’t they just have one craft? Or two? I don’t kow. If they were alien craft, I still don’t see how those ‘acrobatics’ could have had a useful purpose. Unless they were just joyriding in their crafts, like some of us do after a fresh snow. We saw this 8-12 years ago - don’t remember. Haven’t seen anything like it since. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.9455;-92.193
