We heard a loud, rumbling roar, observed three stationary, strobing blue-white lights which eventually moved west at a very slow speed.;1995-02-16 21:25:00;12 minutes;We heard a loud, rumbling roar, observed three stationary, strobing blue-white lights which eventually moved west at a very slow speed. At 9:25 PM, 2-16-95, my wife and I heard a jet plane type roaring.  This was not suprising, as a small airport is a few miles north.  I soon realized that the roaring was intensifing, rather than diminishing.  Looking out the west window of my family room, I saw three bright, blue-white strobe lights at about 40 degrees in the overcast sky.  The lights were arranged in a flattened triangle, with the two base lights about 10 degrees apart, the one apex light three digrees to the left and two degrees high.  If you connected the lights, it would have made a simple ship profile, with the bow to the left, the water line below. The lower to lights strobed simultanesouly, and when dark, the upper light strobed.  The rythem of the strobing would correspond to a normal resting heart beat of about 72 beats per minute.  These lights were stationary.  I opened the window and distinctly heard the great roaring sound emminating from their direction.  Using 7X35 binoculars, I could not make out any shape or outline, as the area between the lights blended in with the night sky.  The lights looked like typical aircraft strobes, but about twice as bright.  My wife also saw and heard this phenomenom. I observed the lights move, in unision, extremely slowly to the west  I watched for about 12 minutes before they dissapeared behind distant roof tops.  Just before this happened, the lights seemed to rotate slowly towards the north. I called the local radar tower and the tower at Cleveland Hopkins airport.  Neither had any craft on their radar in my vacinity, nor had there been.  I called the FAA the next morning to inquire about the same, and the woman there stated she had received a similar report from Huron, Ohio.  There, a man claimed the roaring had broken some windows.  Huron is due west of here.  Another friend living in Chagrin Falls Ohio, slightly south east of here, claimed to have seen and heard something similar the same night, glimpsing it through the tree tops surrounding his home. I am refiling this report because of the similarity to the Kalamazoo, Michagan sightings on the same night.  Kalamozoo is west by northwest of here.;41.4951000000001;-81.4657000000005
