An object with 9 lights that sometimes flashed from left to right, and were sometimes steady.;2006-11-14 20:30:00;10 mins total;An object with 9 lights that sometimes flashed from left to right, and were sometimes steady. I was driving Northwest on US 60 from Phoenix to Wickenburg. At about 8:30 pm, appx, I was in the area of US 60 and Jomax Rd. There, there was a racetrack off to the west side of US 60. Above the lights of the facility, though probably a mile or two beyond, I observed dancing lights, which seemed to move up and down. This motion resembled lightning initially, though the sky was absolutely clear. Then, at the top of the dancing lights, 9 horizontal lights appeared, then 9 more lights appeared just to the right of those. The width of these horizontal lights were about as wide as a full moon. After 30 seconds or so, they disappeared, and I did not think too much about them, just appeared to be something odd, but distant. Then, a few minutes later, and a few miles further up US60, the horizontal lights re-appeared on the west side of the Highway. Again, they seemed fairly far away, probably 1-2 miles. This time, however, the horizontal lights would blink from left to right, in rapid succession (one at a time). After all 9 lights blinked on the left, they would blink on another object about 1/3 mile to the east. It gave the appearance that there was only one object, but that it would simply move instantaniously from one location to the other. I got this impression because the lights would not blink simoultaneously, just one object at a time. This went on for 3 minutes or so, long enough for me and the car in front of me to slow down to a crawl, and watch the events occur. Finally, they disappear again, only to reappear a little further north, just before the Morristown overpass. Here the lights reappeared. This time, though, the object was very close, at least it seemed. Now, it was close enough for me to faintly make out a shape amongst the now solid, non-blinking lights. The object appeared, from my angle, to be oval shaped. But, the once vertical lights were now elevated in the center. This gave me the impression that the object was actually flat on top and bottom, and round around the! edges ( Disk chaped), but I was just slightly underneath it. Otherwords, if you were to look at a plate from the side at an equal altitude, it would appear flat and straight. But, looking at it from directly underneath, it would appear perfectly round. My view was something in between. But, this third and final sighting lasted a couple of minutes, and the lights appeared steady, and not blinking. Again, the object would appear on the left, disappear, then reappear on the right (a little further away), never illuminating at the same time. But, the object was still, and I had plenty of time to now count the lights, and there were no flashing beacon lights! None whatsoever! By now, I was alone on the highway, and the car in front of me had long sped off. This last sighting was frightening, since I was now alone, and in the vicinity of the object. The object appeared large to me, maybe the size of a blimp. But, it is hard to tell, since I could not judge its' distance from myself. Maybe it is much smaller, but was also much closer? Honestly, I tried to make a good judgement of distance, but I simply do not know, so I hate to specualte on the actual size. The size of a blimp is just the impression I got, so I will go with that.;33.8598;-112.6202
