while stargazing on a moonless night in a rural area both myself and father-in-law observed an intense white-light almost blinding. Aft;1999-07-07 23:05:00;10-15 secs;((NUFORC Note:  The description is somewhat descriptive of the flash seen from Iridium satellites.  That type of satellite, which is seen frequently from the ground, has flat, highly reflective surfaces, which, if oriented just right to an observer on the ground, can cause a very bright flash in the night-time sky.  NUFORC receives many such reports, but we can only guess.)) while stargazing on a moonless night in a rural area both myself and father-in-law observed an intense white-light almost blinding. After the object flared it took on the appearance of a lower magnitude star.It was traveling in a southerly direction, and faded. No tail, traveled at satelite speed and disappeared. I am a school teacher, and my father-in-law is a retired gentleman of sound mind. Living in the country and sitting out at night we often see meteorites and satelites in the heavens. This was not a meteor !!!! When this object was first viewed it was like looking at a welders torch and was about the size of a dime if held at arms length, it seemed to light up the sky.;40.8136;-82.1834
Strange Lights moving over field at night.;2016-10-28 19:30:00;5+ minutes;Strange Lights moving over field at night. One larger red flashing light hovering above a field, moving slowly west as several smaller white flashing orbs darted above and below the area over the field.  Initially saw ring of lights around larger reddish light, got 4K camera, told driver to stop, but stopping was precarious.   Was filming at this point.  Got out of vehicle and filmed lights over field, and larger light moving slowly and passing by a utility tower further to the SW of the field, where the white flashes continued darting around.  All were moving in an altitude from near the ground to 100-150 meters at maximum.  Average height was just above the tallest tree heights. This video caught the white lights with a barn pole light as point of reference.  It also caught the larger one as it moved from the right to left side of a lit up tower, that serves as a reference point.  Stopped filming for safety as trucks were blasting past us.;40.8136;-82.1834
