very slow moving very bright light, disappeared after 15-20 min.;2002-05-12 22:00:00;15-20 min.;very slow moving very bright light, disappeared after 15-20 min. I live on the Snake River at the north end of Hells Canyon on the WA-ID border. When leaving store to go home, my 16 yo. daughter and I saw an orange light in the southern sky (SSW) moving VERY slowly. It was VERY bright, much brighter than any stars or planes and moving much slower than the satellites we often see. We drove the two blocks home, still watching the light move in a northerly direction and at varying but still very slow speed. I called my husband to come out and look. He thought it was odd also, not like a satellite. After 5-7 minutes it began moving more to the northwest then west. During this time we also saw a satellite for about one minute (moving much faster that the orange light) and a plane quite high in the sky. We all noted that the plane had the green and red side lights and white strobe lights that all registered aircraft are required to have. During this time I also attempted to call the tower at the local airport (about 2 air miles away to the east). The tower was closed as there are no scheduled flights that late in our area. I remained outside with my husband and daughter while using the phone and watched the light. After about 15-20 minutes it began to fade and appeared to drop lower in sky in relation to the horizon before disappearing from site. We noted that it was moving too slowly for an aircraft to remain airborne and was completely silent. The following day, I contacted the local airport tower and was informed that our facility does not have RADAR. I was given the number for the flight control center in Boise, which does not have the Lewiston, ID,-Clarkston, WA area on its RADAR.;46.3899;-117.0672
It looked like a huge star, but far to close, and way to bright;2009-01-16 18:30:00;35 minutes;It looked like a huge star, but far to close, and way to bright around 6:30 pm pacific time I notice what appeared to just be a star but was exceptionally larger and brighter it was in a fixed position in the sky due west from where I live in Clarkston Washington but I could see what looked like alternating red and blue inside the brightness it had to have been just outside the stratosphere if not in it. I continued staring at it for another thirty minutes and it didn’t move at all except for the amazingly bright light it was giving off. I called my brother outside and he originally said “that big star” then realized it utterly dwarfed any other visible star in the sky I went inside about 7:00 pm or a few minutes after and when I looked out the window at 8:10 it was no where in the sky. Upon mentening  my sighting the following day  ( 1-16-09 ) I’ve talked to three other people who saw the same strange big bright light in the sky.  I work as a night front desk person at a motel and am always looking at the stars, yet I have never seen something like that before.;46.3899;-117.0672
A big ball of light flew over me in a zig zag motion then made a ninety degree turn and vanished;2010-07-07 22:30:00;0.3;A big ball of light flew over me in a zig zag motion then made a ninety degree turn and vanished I was walking you the store, looked up and there was a giant white ball of light about 150 feet up flying in a constant S zig-zag pattern at a fairly fast speed. After about 30 seconds it made a ninety degree turn in mid flight and then just vanished into thin air.;46.3899;-117.0672
Bright light in sky, dimmed, disappeared, flashed. friend and i chased it for an hour.;2013-04-08 23:00:00;1 hour;Bright light in sky, dimmed, disappeared, flashed. friend and i chased it for an hour. A friend and I were driving around and noticed a light in the sky at the same time.  shortly after this light caught both of our attention we witnessed the light (craft) disappear. like it turned off.   We both thought this was strange and kept driving.  2 minutes pass and the light reappears in the sky. we pulled over to watch it at this point.  it seemed to be hovering over the top of the canyon that we were driving through and we both noticed it was moving in zig-zag like motions. back and forth in the sky.  we watched it turn off and on a few times before we kept driving. i decided to keep my headlights off as i drove slowly and we watched. i could barely make out the dim shape of a saucer behind one bright light. but it also looked like it had thin dim bands of light extending from the main light. for some reason i decided to flash my headlights to make some sort of communication that we were there and we were watching. and after a couple flashes it disap! peared quickly behind  a bend in the river.  i backed my car up until we could see the light over the hill. and it kept moving back down below the ridgeline.  we stopped and it peeked over the ridge a couple times before disappearing again.  we decided to keep driving adamant on chasing whatever it was. and we got around the bend that it disappeared over and it had  appeared over a completely different ridgeline  on the opposite side of where it last was.   it hovered again moving back and forth in zig zag like motions. before changing color and then completely disappearing.;46.3899;-117.0672
Bright light appears and follows same course nightly for past several months;2013-08-06 21:10:00;3-4 minutes;Bright light appears and follows same course nightly for past several months For the past 3 months, roughly anytime between 2100 to 0300 we have seen a very bright light appear to the West/Southwest of our home, then travel on a course that takes it due Northeast, over the LC valley and continuing on until loss of sight at the horizon.  There have been instances of multiple witnesses at our home.  Last evening I was at the home while my wife was at work, across the valley, and we were tracking two of these..apparently one was following the course we always see it take, and the one she was tracking was apparently a few minutes ahead of it, same course. The object is brighter than any star or planet visible in the sky at the time of it's appearance, moves rather slowly (sometimes stopping), appears to witnesses to be roughly 200-300 feet above ground level (though this is a really rough estimate), has appeared alongside a full moon and was quite a bit brighter, if the elevation estimate is accurate the object is likely at most 100 feet in diameter, no solid object is seen (just the light). Oddly, we took a trip to Missoula over the past weekend, and tracked what appeared to be the SAME object.  This time, we were travelling along I-90 heading East.  Time was 2100 PST (2200 MST) roughly, object appeared to the South/Southwest as we passed Haugan, crossed over the road right as we passed McGee Creek area (referencing Google Maps), and we lost site of it over a ridge as we neared DeBorgia.  A few miles down the road there are fire watch towers on some of the ridges and they have rotating strobes...the object was clearly brighter, and passed directly over the highway.;46.3899;-117.0672
Two very bright white lights moving quickly in unison westerly across the northern sky just below the tip of Big Dipper's handle.;2014-03-20 19:50:00;20 seconds;Two very bright white lights moving quickly in unison westerly across the northern sky just below the tip of Big Dipper's handle. It was a very clear night with a lot of visible stars but I noticed two very bright lights out of place in the northern sky.  They didn't flicker or flash but were constant.  They moved quickly west in unison across the northern sky just below the tip of Big Dipper's handle and just disappeared after around 20 seconds.;46.3899;-117.0672
Mysterious red and white ball of light sailing, hovering and descending.  Caught on video.;2018-05-28 23:09:00;2 minutes;Mysterious red and white ball of light sailing, hovering and descending.  Caught on video. I was watching the stars and saw a red flashing light traveling through the sky like a jet plane.  It slowed and then stopped and hovered and continued to travel East, then turns and comes, back so then I grabbed my phone and started video taping.  I also took a photo which appears as a red ball of light.  In the videos it travels under the moon and stops close to a star.  It then decends at a rapid speed and slows down and slowly descents to the ground and goes behind a tree.   3 hrs earlier a sighting was apparently seen in California with the same footage.  So this can’t be a drone. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the witness via telephone, and she was quite convinced that she had been witness to something very unusual.  She corrected the time of the sighting, which we have amended above.  PD));46.3899;-117.0672
