Large soundless glowing orange thing that looked like two halves hooked together with a metallic cylinder.;2002-05-12 21:30:00;~15 min.;Large soundless glowing orange thing that looked like two halves hooked together with a metallic cylinder. One night my boyfriend and I were watching television.  My boyfriend looked out the window (facing northwest I think) and yelled to me that he was seeing something strange.  I looked out the window and saw a bright orange light which looked quite large.  It looked like nothing I had ever seen before. We went outside with a pair of binoculars and looked at this orange thing for about fifteen minutes or so.  With the naked eye, it just looked like a large, bright, strange, and orange light.  It was circular in shape. With the binoculars we could see it much better.  It looked like a yo-yo on its side.  Like two bright orange halves connected in the middle by something--like a metallic cylinder that wasn’t visible without the aid of binoculars. Another thing is that it made absolutely no sound at all.  It was a quiet night and if it made noise we would have heard it.  It also seemed to move slowly, almost like it was just hovering for a little while.  When it left, it was slow as well.  We watched it get smaller and smaller as it went in a north or northwest direction. I know it has been quite a while since this happened, but I swear I will never forget it.  I kind of guessed about the date, but it seems to be about right.  I know the year is correct (well, pretty sure-- could be off by one year).  I saw a report from someone else who saw something that was described like what I saw in my town.  I know they saw what I saw.  Same time of day and everything.  I regret not reporting this sooner.  I think more people saw it and just have not reported it.  Like I said, this is something that deeply affected me and I will never forget what I saw. Also, my boyfriend and I were sober (not on drugs or alcohol) at the time and we were both about 21 or 22 years of age.  It was also a clear night with little or no clouds in the sky. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));46.3899;-117.0672
saw red ball while hot tubing,  when it got closer  I  saw definition and a red blinking light, called 911;2008-03-27 21:50:00;1-2 minutes;saw red ball while hot tubing,  when it got closer  I  saw definition and a red blinking light, called 911 UFO Sighting  Approx. 9:30 p.m. Approx. 1-2 minutes over the Snake River in between  Clarkston, Wa / Lewiston, Id.   While hot tubing I noticed a solid red ball of light over the river, keeping very still and a watchful eye, it started to slowly slide left and right, occasionally hovering, then it started to act different, making  lefts, rights, dropping down, shooting up, giant loops and patterns, very odd and scary.   Upon realizing that it appeared to be getting closer and looping towards me, and was able to see some definition on it and a red blinking light, I immediately jumped out of the hot tub, bolted to the phone and dialed 911, while talking to the dispatcher I lost sight of it.;46.3899;-117.0672
Black winged object with symmetrical midsection, far too large for a bird.;2014-06-16 14:00:00;3-5 minutes;Black winged object with symmetrical midsection, far too large for a bird. The day before, on Father's day, I was over at my dad's house and we were cooking outside.  Above the house we spotted what looked like a VERY large bird hovering over his house.  It appeared to be roughly 100 meters up, based on comparisons to surrounding trees, and if that estimate was accurate I would guess that this bird had to have had a wingspan equivalent to a small single engine plane.  What was very odd was the way it flew, hovering, very small wing movements at the very tips, and when it did fly away it basically headed directly east and at a very high rate of speed.  There were 4 witnesses total for that sighting.  My dad mentioned he had seen something similar where he works, only when he spotted it previously it spiraled straight up until it was out of sight.  Apparently there have been other sightings of this thing in the area as well. The next day I was laying out in my yard and I spotted the same thing, looked like it was flying at about the same height, very slowly passing from W/SW to the East.  I had my son run and grab my binoculars so I could get a better look at it.  I have good quality Bushnell binoculars and I was able to track it pretty easily.  Again, I am guessing it was roughly 100 meters in the air, same relative size, based on observation of the large trees we have around here.  With my binoculars focused I got a pretty good look at it, and it was not a bird.  This object had wings similar to a bird's, but again only moved the tips and very rarely.  It's midsection was cigar shaped, very pointed both front and rear.  We have large cranes and large ravens in the area, but ravens have a fanned tail when they ride thermals and cranes trail their legs.  This was completely symmetrical, no trialing legs and no fanned tail.  By my guess, based on the time of day and relative heat and wind, it pro! bably was not actually riding thermals either, it would have been too high up.  My son and I watched it for about 3-5 minutes as it passed over.  What was very odd is that it sped up dramatically once I but the binoculars on it, almost like it knew it was being watched.  It disappeared to the east fairly quickly.  Of note, the animals in the area (dogs, horses, goats, etc.) all seemed very perturbed when this was in the air...making lots of noise. I have been watching since then to see if I can spot it again and I have asked around locally and I can account at least 10 other people who have either seen the same object, or something almost exactly the same. Of interest too, when time permits my wife and I spend a lot of time stargazing, and we have also seen repeated appearances of unexplainable bright white lights that tend to travel southwest to northeast, we have reported this before and we have had numerous witnesses with us when we spot these things.  On the Saturday evening before I spotted the bird we were out stargazing and watched what appeared at first to be a satellite pass over to the west of us slightly, moving from due north towards the south.  However, roughly 20 seconds after we spotted it the object split...as in, there was a bright flash, and then there were suddenly two objects..one moving south at a much more rapid speed, and a brighter object moving north at a rapid speed.  Both grew very bright after the flash and faded out.  Logically, I suppose it could have been a meteor or space debris breaking up at re-entry but I have witnessed both of those types of things numerous times and the way this! object acted was quite different. We have also witnessed numerous other odd lights, mostly they seem to appear above the mountains to the north...they hover a bit, then zigzag around rapidly, sometimes they descend with a motion that is like a falling leaf, sometimes they shoot straight upward. I have an interest in ufology and have read numerous books on the subject, and what concerns me is that we have a personal set of sightings spanning over two years in the same area with multiple witnesses.  Now, we are seeing a large bird-like object and the sightings continue.  Every time we witness something like this we note the behavior of the animals in the area, most times they are very obviously disturbed.  We have had instances of power anomalies in the neighborhood, and at times there have been areas around here that seem to emit a pervasive feeling of fear for no reason...all of this is strikingly similar to events reported by people in West Virginia in the Ohio River Valley in the 60's, as documented in several books but most notably John Keel's The Mothman Prophecies.  The events there culminated in the collapse of the Silver Bridge in 1967.  So many of the things we have seen parallel the reports in that book that it is hard to believe it! is simply coincidence.  Bearing logical explanations in mind (the bird object could be some kind of drone, the lights could also, etc.) we are trying to keep an open but skeptical mind about these things, but the repeated incidents and so forth lead me to believe that this bears deeper investigation (which I will continue to do as an amateur).;46.3899;-117.0672
