Low Flying Triangular Object With Two Huge White Lights!!!;2000-09-01 21:30:00;15 minutes;Low Flying Triangular Object With Two Huge White Lights!!! On 09/01/00 at 9:30 p.m. I seen this object in the distance. I appeared to be staying in the same place or moving very slowly. I watched it stay in the apparently same location for about five or more minutes. At this point thought it was two large and very close stars. I then went into the house and told my mother to come see it. We wasn't looking at it very long and then it started to approach us. I could tell it was getting closer because the two large lights was spreading further apart and getting larger. The lights blinked off and on twice and what I thought was going to be a thrid time but instead the two lights just very went dim. Soon it was directly overhead and this is when I looked through my binoculars for a better look. My mom who was talking on the phone heard lots of static on the cordless phone. I could tell that it was triangular except the point of the triangle was the tail instead of what I believe should be the nose. The tail had a very small red light compared to the large front lights. These lights looked as tough they was pointed down at a forty five degree angle. It was flying very low and I could hear the engine. The engine sounded as though it had zero throttle. It did't sound like the planes to day but those in old war movies. As soon as it crossed over my house I went to the front porch and watched it circle over high way about 3000 yards away. Then Sept. 9, 2000 I seen two transport helicopters then about five minutes later I seen a Apache or simiular helicopter going in the direction of where the object came from. Then I remembered seeing three helichopters come off the ground and fly over me about ten minutes before the strange object on the the night of Sept. 1, 2000. The are no airports near my area which is in the country. The lights was was bigger than the moon that night. And I believe the moon was almost full that night. I am certain that is was very large and flying very low. I also posted it on my website with drawings of what it looked like at: http://www.geocitie! s.com/Al iensWebsite/ and clicking on personal sightings.;32.4628;-97.4006
