Hovering, flashing, lights off, lights on, bright.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sightings of twinkling stars??  PD));2013-03-31 21:00:00;1+ hour;Hovering, flashing, lights off, lights on, bright I have been watching the same thing for three nights in a row.  The first night it was in the eastern sky for approximately 1 hr, and then it slowly went up until it disappeared.  It appears to have many flashing lights and stays in the same spot for long periods of time.  I watched it with binoculars and it does not seem to be a helicopter.  It is very bright and at first I thought it was a star.  I have seen the same exact thing for three nights in a row now.  I first noticed it on March 29th, and have continued to see it every night since.  It flashes very bright and seems to have green, blue and red lights. I would just like to know what this is.  On another night I was in the back yard watching it and it looked very low heading towards me.  All of the sudden the lights went out and it scared me because I knew it was there but I could no longer see it.  It made no noise that I could hear.  I became afraid and ran into the house. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sightings of twinkling stars??  PD));31.9455;-110.9973
Slow moving high-alt. light moving W to E would blink at random intervals about 1 second apart.  ((NUFORC Note:  Tumbling booster? PD));2017-07-27 02:00:00;5 minutes;Slow moving high altitude light moving west to east would blink at random intervals about 1 second apart, dim then dark, then bright. About 2am, my dog got me up barking to go outside, which is rare.  He seemed very upset.   I stayed outside with him for about an hour, looking at the stars.  When we got outside, a monster truck was racing around the neighborhood, so that could have been what had him upset, but I kind of doubt it.  He also did eventually poop after about an hour, so could have been that. He seemed very upset the whole time, like someone or something was out there.  I saw a randomly flashing light in the sky exactly like what is on the YouTube video below (not my video). The moving light was very high altitude like a satellite.  I've never seen a blinking satellite before.  It would blink randomly, dim then dark, then bright, then dark, then maybe dim for a couple of times, then dark, then bright, repeatedly but randomly.  It was moving slower than a satellite from west to east.  The speed seemed to alter and even stop at times.  I watched it for maybe five minutes but it was still there when I went back inside. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xVF2sfxj8I   It was the same thing as described in this recent report by someone on your site:  http://nuforc.org/webreports/135/S135177.html;31.9455;-110.9973
Light flashes in a small dark patch of sky just to the right of the Milky Way.;2017-09-20 21:00:00;3 minutes;Light flashes in a small dark patch of sky just to the right of the Milky Way. My dog wanted out and all the dogs in the neighborhood were barking.  Saw an orange light, like a roman candle, appear above the west horizon and fade out.  Then a bright shooting star.  Then a white wisp of light shot across the yard like a ghost.   Then to the right of the Milky Way in a dark patch of sky, I saw a light flash and thought it was a plane high in the sky.  I waited a couple of seconds and it appeared again in a different spot, then it appeared in another spot and kept doing that but was confined to that one dark patch of sky.  It didn't progress across the sky as a plane would have.  It must have flashed for a few minutes like that and then nothing.  Later I saw a couple of jets from Davis Monthan AFB flying back to base.  Also saw a sputnik (as my Granddad used to say) before I saw the strange lights.;31.9455;-110.9973
