Northern Lights ?? Right!;2006-10-11 19:30:00;10 minutes;Northern Lights ?? Right! On our fall vacation, while enjoying the full moon over lake superior we noticed a strange light going across the lake from north to south glowing red then dimming then glowing red again! Not a ordinary type of jet or aircraft, there is a lot of strange lights going on over that lake , this is not the first time there was a lighted object in question! In fact I think you have another report for the two harbors area for october!!!  Then it stopped in the middle of our viewing area and just floated in the sky for awhile just bobbing up and down and from side to side slightly! then started moving north again until it was out of sight! very strange ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));47.0387;-91.6822
Three bright white lights traveling together, two out front and one chasing, over Lake Superior!;2008-07-14 03:30:00;5 minutes;Three bright white lights traveling together, two out front and one chasing, over Lake Superior! I was viewing stars with my stellar binoculars (9x63) when I noticed some movement in the southeastern sky above Lake Superior aprox. about two a clock high and I looked with my binoculars and seen two bright lights, as bright as the stars, traveling side by side, miles apart and when the two lights got about twelve o'clock high I noticed a third light traveling behind the other two. The rear light was gaining on the other two and I followed them until I lost them in the northern hemisphere. They were traveling faster than anything we have flying today and all three were steady, bright lights, as bright as the stars in the background. I got nervous when I first seen them, not frightened but shocked. These were not of this Earth and were Aliens. This is the second time I've seen U.F.O.'s over Lake Superior. The last time was a single bright light and this time there were three. There was no sound in either case!;47.0387;-91.6822
We watched as three jets flew over us and headed towards a bright light that did things that we to this day can not forget..;2009-08-15 23:00:00;1 hour;We watched as three jets flew over us and headed towards a bright light that did things that we to this day can not forget.. It was pretty late and me and my friend were walking down to the break-wall after going to the local street dance that was going on.  Now we were not drinking or on anything at the time and we are not even old enough to do those things.  But as we were walking we heard what sounded like a jet flying by. We looked up and didn't see anything and just kept walking.  But then it happened again and as we looked up this time we saw three jets flying in a diagonal pattern. We thought it was pretty cool but were shocked when we saw what they were going towards.  At first it just looked like a bright reddish orange star moving slowly..  But as we watched it disappeared.  We looked back to the jets and they were about to pass where we last saw the light and as they did the light reappeared but was heading the other way. It did that for awhile and then was gone again. By this time me and my friend didn't know what to do.. We were at a lost of words and I almost fell over bec! ause of how crazy this was.  The light then showed up again after the jets were out of sight and thats when it started doing thing we knew no jet or anything man-made could do. It would fly from one spot to another so fast it was hard to even see, then it would change direction with no problem at all. Then it would shoot down to a lower level and just sit there looking like any other star in the sky. By this time our other friend showed up and was asking why we were standing in the middle of the parking lot staring at the sky. When we told him to look up and stare at the light he just said it was a star but then he watched with us as it seem to get smaller and at one point looked like it was moving out of the atmosphere and had a tail like tight coming from below it... To this day we talk about this and have not seen anything even close to what happen that day. Its almost scary knowing that the government is lying to us about these things.. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.0387;-91.6822
Bright circular light seen in the night sky.;2016-04-10 21:30:00;~20 seconds;Bright circular light seen in the night sky. I walked out the back door of my house onto the sidewalk that leads to the garage behind my house.  It is not a long walk, probably about 20-30 meters from door to door. I was looking south toward the moon when all of a sudden I seen this very bright circular light in the sky.  I regrettably had left my phone in the house so I couldn't snap any pictures or take a video of it. The light didn't move to far before it started to dim out and then just kind of disappeared.  I stood there for a couple minutes after I had seen it just to make sure it didn't come back, but did not see anything.  It was only visible for about 20 seconds before fading out. I've never seen anything like this before in my life and it was silent.  I heard nothing that resembled the sound of a jet/plane or any kind of helicopter so I know that it wasn't any kind of plane flashers or a spotlight of any kind.;47.0387;-91.6822
