I used to sit on our deck,on summer evenings and look at the stars. This was on a farm south of Saskatoon. Infrequently, these lights w;1987-08-15 22:00:00;20 minutes;I used to sit on our deck,on summer evenings and look at the stars. This was on a farm south of Saskatoon. Infrequently, these lights would appear in the southern sky always orange in color, flaring very intensely, going out, reappearing. I would guess their height at 1000 feet. The funny thing was they would totally disappear if I went and got anybody, except once when my nephew witnessed them with me. I am not a nut, I don't drink and I don't do drugs. I've been off the farm for ten years but I'm confident that if I sat and watched for them again out there,I'd see them again.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
streams of light and triangular lights seen over Saskatoon, SK.;1994-05-15 22:00:00;2 hours;((NUFORC Note:  We do not know what the witnesses observed, although we doubt whether the objects were genuine UFO's.  Had they been UFO's in the night sky above Saskatoon, we suspect that our Hotline telephone would have been ringing off the hook, and the objects would have been reported by astronomers of all stripes.  We believe the most likely possibility is that the witnesses were looking at twinkling stars.  The moving red light might have been a solid red light on an aircraft.  However, all of this is conjecture, since we did not witness the lights.  The dates of the sightings are approximate.  PD)) streams of light and triangular lights seen over Saskatoon, SK. NOTE - Date and time are approximate... This report is from 1994.  I was caretaking in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. My wife-to-be (at the time) and myself would often open our apartment suite window and gaze out at the sky. We had often noticed in the sky 3 red lights at various locations in the sky that always seemed to remain fixed in the sky (at about 25-30 degrees above the horizon, and certain fixed locations unknown degrees from north and south. they always seemed to be in the same place. for example one was always just a bit east of the peak of a house down the street.) even though the other stars in the sky would move.  We had jokingly called the red lights our friends and would often jokingly say, oh look, our friends are here.  One night, we were standing in the window watching south. one of the red lights was there, almost due south and always at the same height in the sky... We had suggested to ourselves that the light was nothing more than the light of a plane heading either to Regina (The Capitol city of Saskatchewan) or coming in from it. But, after over 45 minutes, the light had not changed position in the sky at all, and the flight from Saskatton to Regina was only about 50 minutes. So that ruled that out... and we still couldn't figure out the peculiar red color of it.  About this time we noticed that the loight would jiggle slightly... just a short, small up and down motion. We thought to ourseleves, ok... we are imagining it and continued to watch and it would jigle again... we watched the other two red lights and noticed they were doing the same thing as well.  To make this easier to follow, I'll call the red lights south (the southernmost one we thought might possibly be an airplane), east (the red light to the east of us) and north for the one just to the north of us.  We became amazed when south jiggled yet again and then a stream of, well, for lackof a better term, northern lights style white light appeared to travel from south to east. A coupole minutes went by and a second stream went from east back to south after east jiggled.  We were amazed when we saw that... the light was in a straight line, and acted like an airplane contrail appearcing, making a longer line until it almost reached the other light and then slowly fading out after about 6-10 seconds... all to the south and east of us.  then the same thing happened with a stream of the same style light from east to north and back.  At this point, just to the south of the position of east there was a huge white flash (similar to the white flash from the fireworks that produce the huge bang minus the bang)and then the same white color stream proceeded to appear from East but it created a clockwise spiral pattern that radiated out from the spot where the white flash had occured.  This continued to happen for another 20 minutes or so, with east being the center of the activity.  There were a total I recall of about 8 straight lines and 3 spirals.  After the show had finished we continued to watch our friends the red lights, and saw a small trianglar shaped light (imagine the ship from the old asteroids aracde game) leave north in a northerly direction, loop around in a counter-clockwise direction and head north again at a high speed (approximately 1 handspan / per second with the hand held outstretched above my head). My wife claimed to also see the same thing happen to east as well.  We have absolutely no idea of what it was we saw. It was one of the most spectacular things I have ever seen in my life though.  We would be willing to submit drawings of what we saw via email if requested. ((NUFORC Note:  Time and date of incident are approximate.  PD));52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
2 lights dogfighting over Saskatoon;2002-12-17 21:15:00;5 minutes;2 lights dogfighting over Saskatoon I was driving home from Judo at about 9:10-9:15 pm from 12 km south of the city.  I was driving north into the city.    When I was approx 3-5 km from the city, I noticed 2 red lights moving vertically above Saskatoon basically directly in front of where I was driving.  As I was driving I was watching these 2 red lights dogfight over the city.  I was wondering why airplanes would fly like this over a city and at night.  As  I approached the city limits, I was stopped at a red traffic light.  I watched these 2 lights straighten out (formed up) and level out fairly high up.  All I could see was like 2 LED lights.  These 2 lights came towards my position in an S-curve and slowly moved over my car towards a ESE direction.  I rushed home but couldnt see anything becuase of city lights.  I did call the airport to report the situation but of course never received an answer. There was no sound...;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
3 hr sighting of 2 lights moving around each other and changing color in southern sky outside of Saskatoon.;2006-10-28 22:00:00;3 hrs;3 hr sighting of 2 lights moving around each other and changing color in southern sky outside of Saskatoon. My friend and I decided to drive out to Cranberry Flats to sit in the parking lot and tell ghost stories since we had no halloween party to attend this year.  We turned south towards Cranberry Flats when I saw two very dark objects speed over us. I ignored them, thought they were birds (maybe they were). Then I started noticing streams of light going over the road, at first they looked like falling stars and kept going from left to right. Then they starting sort of going back and forth, like two of them swirling, but I rationalized it as the reflection of our headlights against power lines. They also kept changing colour, the ones we noticed were purple, green, orange, blue, yellow, and white. I should also say they started out very thin, and slowly swelled up into the size of large ovals. The further we got to Cranberry Flats, the brighter they got, two white ovals slowly circling each other. At this point I was trying to rationalize it as spotlights. Neither my friend or I were saying anything to each other, I didn't want to say something in case I was totally hallucinating, and I didn't mind it if I was hallucinating. Anyway, the further out of town we get the brighter it is. Total silence, we miss the turn off to Cranberry Flats and she pulls into a side road to turn around to go back to the Flats. At this point I notice that the lights hovering and swirling in the sky are staying in one place. I think at this point I said to her What are those?  You noticed them too.  We turn around and start driving back into town, neither of us wants to look back. This time back into town I realize: There are no power lines going across the road. They are all along the side of the road. We're starting to compare notes and realizing we've seen exactly the same thing. Both of us are terrified. Then my friend stops along the roadside to get out and see if they're still there, and they are, so she freaks out and jumps into the car. We keep driving until the turn off going east, and we look back and they are still there, still glowing white ovals.  We're finally in town, I'm still freaked out, and we go to Diefenbaker to see if we can see them from there. Sure enough, there's those two swirling lights.  She drives me home and then after much debate convinces me to go out there with her again. And so I do, after MUCH reluctance.  Anyway, we get back to Diefenbaker by about 11:30 and they've changed. They're still swirling, but this time they're green and acting somewhat like northern lights, just the way you see energy ripple off them. Some other people in the park seemed to be seeing them too.  We drive to a couple other places in the city to see if we can see them from there, nada.  Then we get some binoculars and go back out to look at them. This is about three hours after they first appeared, about 1 in the morning. This time, they're more like green ovally lights, without the nerthern-light type ripple, but they're moving COMPLETELY differently. Sometimes they swirl, sometimes they flash on and off. Sometimes they just speed past each other. Sometimes they change direction, sometimes they drive bomb, and just as we were driving away I also noticed them leap frogging and chasing each other.  Also twice during our sightings they went from just a glow to a solid light. I should mention it was cloudy so they might have been in the clouds.  My friend is an elementary teacher and we've known each other for 26 years.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
NEVER SEEN THAT MUCH BRIGHT LIGHT PASS SO CLOSE OVER MY HEAD SLOW DOWN TO LET ME LOOK UNDERNEATH AND TOOK OFF.;2008-01-05 07:30:00;TWO MINUTES OR THREE;NEVER SEEN THAT MUCH BRIGHT LIGHT PASS SO CLOSE OVER MY HEAD SLOW DOWN TO LET ME LOOK UNDERNEATH AND TOOK OFF. the new lights, white lights that the new cars have it was like looking at a real bright dimond. Maybe that is the new lights put on the planes now and they This morning I saw a  bright light like a star to the west Sat. It was constantly moving fast towards my house. I thought it was a star and the clouds were moving fast. Then I looked again and the clouds were moving slow compared to the light. The light was almost above me to the south. I looked underneath it and saw complete white light. A silver white light really bright  that radiated thick rays of light in 360 degrees like a slightly sqaushed circule.  The light was blinding I saw spots. I could almost feel the energy. I went down the stairs of the deck and around the house to see more, but it went almost out of sight real fast in the east direction like a bright light becoming dimmer over ontop of the clouds. I did not see an object and the light was too bright. and it faded away into the east. There where no red or blue lights flashing and I see planes all the time. Nor did I see the windows of a plane with lights on not even from behind did I see any flasing red or blue lights. There was no tail or smoke or noise and it looked closer than most planes and I hear the sounds all the time even when they are further away. It was today Sat at 7:30 am. I have seen double shooting stars or little meters at dust shoot across the sky and they where more orange blue yellow like  with a puffy look to them and tails of there trail as they burned out in the atmosphere. I see the satilites move through space an clear nights May be the planes have new lights that are so bright that the light radiates so much that the red and blue lights and the object of the plane can not be seen at all going N. west to S. east and one can no longer see blue or red lights. The sky was clear only for less than a mile and blue. Light dims out in light and this object was bright. I could see the rays. The object was fast. The measurement from my piont of sight left the object looking 10 inches by 7inches as the closest piont of vision. I could see the the rays of light as if looking at are going much faster now. This is the first time I have seen this and I have been allover the NWT. USA, Yukon, Europe, Canada.  If I can not explain it report it. It seemed to slow down when it passed over my head slightly to the south and when I got aroungd the house it shot off into the distance. Real Strange. I became scared and have had trouble falling a sleep and a little scared to go out alone out side my house to have a smoke. Because that was what I was doing at thae time and staring at the sky as I have always like to do.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
Star-like point of light, flashing periodically, erupts into bright sparkle after 30 minutes.;2008-08-06 21:30:00;30 minutes;Star-like point of light, flashing periodically, erupts into bright sparkle after 30 minutes. After a hard day, I thought it might be nice to sit and enjoy a small pot of tea in my back yard, which faces north. I first went out at twilight, around 9:30. I have a good view of the eastern and northern sky. Portions of the western sky are blocked by trees. My house blocks the southern sky. Directly overhead was one of the bright stars of the constellation Draco, the first star in my field of view bright enough to be visible. It was still too bright out for other stars to be visible. As I unwound and watched the sky, I thought I saw a flash or twinkle in the northern sky, almost due north, about 35 - 40 degrees up. Perhaps the sun glinting off a satellite, I thought, or maybe the navigation lights of a high-altitude jet aircraft crossing the country. Intrigued, I scanned for signs of an aircraft. About half a minute later, I saw it again, in exactly the same place. That ruled out a plane a satellite or, at least, the same plane or satellite, but what are the chances of two of either reaching that same spot within half a minute? Could be my eyes playing a trick on me, can't rule that out. Half a minute or so later, another flash or twinkle. A few minutes later, same thing. Always in exactly the same spot, near as I could tell. I got distracted for awhile by some things in the yard and inside the house, but was back watching the sky a little before 10:00. By that time, it was dark enough that I could make out more stars. There was no star visible where I saw the twinkle. There would be a couple of stars in the constellation Camelopardalis that would be visible in that area most nights, but it's still too light out to see any stars around there at 10:00 at this time of year. Toward the northeast, one of the brighter stars of Cassiopeia was now visible. Further east, I saw a light aircraft with flashing navigation lights flying level, headed due west. I watched the small plane cruise through the sky, noticing that there was another small plane flying a parallel path to the south. I figured one of them, probably the slower and more southerly one, was Saskatoon's police patrol plane, which is out most nights. It looked like the more northerly plane could have been preparing for an approach to the airport. After a few moments it reached the part of the sky where I saw the strange twinkling earlier, so my eyes were now drawn back to that area. Suddenly there was another flash of light from the same spot as before, but this time it was much brighter. The shape was not like a twinkling star, but more like a line or thin cylinder or dumbbell kind of shape, consisting of two very bright twinkly points, shining momentarily like sparklers on a birthday cake, with a straight, thin bright or shiny line joining them. The two bright points were maybe two degrees apart, about the width of my little finger at arm's length. The phenomenon lasted only a fraction of a second, maybe an eighth to a quarter of a second at most, but long enough that it was unmistakable. It made me jump. I watched the sky for several minutes, but did not see any other twinkles or flashes. Frankly, I began feeling a little uneasy once the bright flash occurred, and I packed up my tea and lawn chair and came into the house by about 10:15. I suspect that whatever it was, was very high in the sky. I would be curious to know if anyone in a more northerly community had seen this, and how it would have looked from their vantage point.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
First time i ever seen something in the sky.;2008-08-14 22:00:00;10 seconds;First time i ever seen something in the sky. It was around 10pm Thursday night and the wife and i were putting the horse in for the night and i saw a very bright light moving from in the northern sky moving from west to east. At first the wife said it was a plane but the lights were to bright and it was moving way to fast for a plane. So i just thought it was a satalite, because it was moving as fast as one, but 10 times brighter. So i watched it for about 10 seconds or so  and i took my eyes of off of it for maybe 2 seconds to tell my wife something and i looked up and it was gone. We panned the sky and the overly bright light was gone and we couldn't figure out how it could just disappear so fast. So i basically said anything that can move that fast it could be only one thing.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
Bright, dancing light, possibly with tail.;2009-08-25 01:30:00;1 hour;Bright, dancing light, possibly with tail. Saw a light (or possibly 2 very close together) hovering in the northern part of the sky, just over the treetops in our yard.  It looked like a star at first but then began to move, dipping up and down in a firefly-like fashion sometimes, sometimes accelerating upward for a while and then plunging back down.  Sometimes seemed to have a tail or a curve of lights in front of it, like something you might see in a photo of a meteor entering the atmosphere.  As I'm writing this, the light(s) are still visible.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
Flashing lights stationary in sky.;2014-10-20 21:25:00;5 minutes;Flashing lights stationary in sky. I was leaving the house at about 9:25 this evening to pick up my spouse from an appointment.  As I was locking the back door a bright flash of light caught my eye in the northern sky.  I turned to look to see what it was.  About 15 seconds later, it flashed again.  It was about 15 degrees above the horizon, about 5 or 10 degrees west of due north, between two closely spaced pine trees in a neighbor's yard that I could use for reference. After about 40 seconds, it flashed again (I was counting off the seconds to myself). I could not discern that it had moved at all in that time.  About 15 seconds later, it flashed again. Immediately after that, another bright light flashed to the east.  It was about 20 or 25 degrees above the horizon, and about 5 or 10 degrees east of due north, between two tall pine trees that I could use for reference.  In fact, I would say that it was in almost exactly the same location as a similar flashing light I reported to NUFORC in 2008. The first light flashed again about 40 seconds after its last flash, and the light to the east immediately flashed again. I watched for another couple of minutes or so. The one on the left seemed to flash at 15-40-15-40 second intervals the one on the right at 40 second intervals. Both lights had not changed their positions in that time, as near as I could tell. After a minute or so, I could hear a high flying jet aircraft. I looked high to the northeast and could see an airliner traveling a familiar flight path, typical of commercial flights between central or eastern Canada and Edmonton International Airport. It was about 60-70 degrees up and northeast of my position. I could clearly see that it was a commercial flight, as I have seen many on this route. The navigation lights were flashing regularly and could be clearly seen. It was then that it occurred to me that the other flashing lights were much brighter, easily 3 or 4 orders of magnitude brighter than the airliner. In total, I may have watched the lights flashing for four or five minutes, and then had to leave to meet my spouse. I mentioned this to my spouse, and when we returned home, about 9:50 p.m., we watched the northern sky for about two minutes, but did not see the lights. I considered whether the lights might belong to aircraft. I have never seen commercial flights in the direction of the first light. It is too far north and west. However, it is possible that military traffic from Cold Lake, Alberta, could be in that area, en-route to eastern Canada or overseas (the CF-18s assigned to the current missions in eastern Europe and the Middle East are stationed in Cold Lake). The other light, to the east, may have coincided with commercial traffic on a Great Circle route between western cities in the USA and Europe. It's possible that I was seeing the navigation lights at the rear of various aircraft, but I've never seen any aircraft lights as bright as what I was seeing tonight, especially if (being perceptually closer to the horizon) they were a long distance away. But that doesn't explain why the lights did not appear to change position in the time I was watching.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
Large, pulsating orange light passing from east to west on a steady path;2015-09-12 01:35:00;1-2 minutes;Large, pulsating orange light passing from east to west on a steady path Awakened by a noise, I looked outside our bedroom window, which faces south.  The source of the noise turned out to be the voices of a couple walking on the sidewalk in front of the house, but I immediately noticed a large orange light off in the distance to the southeast over the couple’s heads.  At first, I thought it was the moon. The light was about as large as a new crescent moon and the color of a rising harvest moon.  Then I saw that it was moving, from east to west.  I wondered if it might be an aircraft. It’s apparent height and speed and its flight path were similar to the police plane that patrols over the freeway south of the city.  However, this light had no navigation lights and was much larger than any aircraft I have seen passing by at that angle above the horizon, near or far. I strained to listen for any sort of aircraft sound, either the propeller noise if a small aircraft of the distant roar of jet engines, but all I could hear through the open window were the voices of the couple walking by.  Otherwise, the night was dead silent.  Because the light was so unfamiliar looking, I couldn’t tell how far away it might be.  As the light continued on it’s path, reaching about south of my position, I noticed that it was pulsating or perhaps had started pulsating, going from very dim to very bright about once per second.  At its dimmest it was still plainly visible and at its brightest it was quite a bit brighter than the ISS would be. A few seconds later, it became obscured by a tree in front of the house.  By that time I had probably been watching it for about half a minute.  Although I could occasionally see the light through gaps in the branches, it took about half a minute for it to emerge back into unobstructed view.  It continued on the same path, still pulsating from bright to dim about once per second.  I watched it for about another half a minute or more, until I lost sight of it behind neighbors’ trees to the southwest.  A few seconds before it went behind the trees, I thought that it might be turning slightly to the northwest, but I couldn’t be sure. Whatever it was, it wasn’t an aircraft.  Its flight path was too steady and fast and it looked too far away to be a Chinese lantern, although I can’t rule that out entirely.  The couple walking on the sidewalk appeared to be unaware of the light.  I looked at the clock and saw that the time was 1:35 a.m.  Before going back to bed, I pushed my face close to the window to look over as much of the sky as possible.  I wanted to see if any stars were visible, because at that hour it almost seemed as if the sky might be overcast (it gets hard to tell these days as our growing city emits more light pollution).  The sky was somewhat hazy, but the brightest stars were visible overhead through our urban skyglow.  With no cloud cover, the light could have been any distance away.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
It looked like a star but cruised like a helicopter.;2016-09-13 05:20:00;5 minutes;It looked like a star but cruised like a helicopter. It looked like a star but it was cruising along at the same altitude and speed as a helicopter.  It made no noise and had no flashing lights on it like a helicopter or airplane would have.  I watched it fly overhead coming the west heading east over a 5 minute time period.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
Lights emerge from thundercloud.;2018-08-02 03:00:00;1-2 minutes;Lights emerge from thundercloud I was having a fitful sleep as a result of a thunderstorm that was blowing through our city in the middle of the night.  At about 3:00 a.m. a bright flash of lightning and a loud thunderclap startled me awake again.  Looking out our bedroom window, I could see that most of the storm had passed from the southwest and was now mostly east of us.  As I was looking, I saw a white light to the south-southwest about as bright as Mars has been these past few weeks.  I thought, a star, that means the storm must be breaking up and I can get a few hours of sleep. But then, I saw that it was moving and after a few seconds I thought perhaps it was the ISS, based on how fast it was going and the direction it was going - mostly eastward, but with a slight northerly track.  But I also thought that it didn't appear as bright as when I saw the ISS pass overhead a couple weeks ago.  But then the light began a gradual turn and after about two or three seconds continued to the north or to the north-northwest.  Well, that's peculiar I thought, and sat up to look more intently at the sky.  The light disappeared out of my view, blocked by the window frame. Then another light appeared, from more or less the same region of the sky as the first.  It was moving about the same speed, going slightly to the southeast.  Then it, too, turned and moved off to the north.  Up until this time, I thought I was viewing these lights against a clear sky, having thought the storm had moved off to the east.  But at the next moment, a bright flash of lightning in the east lit up the whole sky and I could see that the entire sky was filled with clouds, with no breaks to see the stars, and the area from which the lights had appeared was in fact a large, dark thundercloud.  Reviewing the public weather radar some four hours later, I would guess that the cloud could have been between 20 and 60 miles away, although at the time I had the impression that it was almost upon the city, less than 5 miles away. As I continued to watch, a second or two after the lightning, a third light appeared from the same area of the sky and continued on a path similar to the first one, at first heading east but then turning to the north or northwest.  I watched the cloud for two or three minutes but saw no additional lights, then went back to bed.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
These aircraft or lights where flying straight up into the sky.  ((Starlink satellites??));2019-12-28 19:00:00;30 minutes;These aircraft or lights where flying straight up into the sky. Disappearing once they were high enough.  Over 100 my spouse thinks as she was watching them before we stopped .;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
