Wing-shaped or boomerang-shaped craft at high altitude directly overhead.;1998-06-21 22:30:00;<2 seconds;Wing-shaped or boomerang-shaped craft at high altitude directly overhead. While sitting on the patio with friends, shortly after sunset I looked directly overhead to view the sun shining on the high, wispy clouds. At the same moment, I saw what at first appeared to be a fast-moving jet moving from NNW to SSE. Because of my location, I could only view about as much of the sky as the equivalent of twice the width of my hand held at arm's length. The object crossed this section of the sky in less than two seconds (possibly as quickly as one second), only long enough for me to barely open my mouth to draw attention to the others sitting with me, but not long enough for me to utter a word. What surprised me about the object was that it was very dark compared to other jets in the air that evening (dark grey) and the way the wings met at a right angle, giving the appearance of a carpenter's square flying through the air. There was no fuselage visible. I thought it might be a very large, very fast jet flying at very high altitude or a smaller, slower jet at lower altitude. I observed other jets crossing the sky within the following quarter-hour and, even though some were quite some distance away (i.e. viewed at 45% from the horizon or less), I could clearly make out their fuselages in all cases, they were much lighter in colour than what I had observed earlier, their wings did not have the distinctive right-angled proportions or even width from fuselage to tip, and they travelled at much slower apparent speeds. There was no sound from the object (not necessarily surprising if it were in fact a very high aircraft), although I could hear most of the other aircraft I observed that night, even the high, distant ones. Anyway, it made me curious, and I've been closely watching a lot of aircraft for the past few days and nothing I've seen in the air even closely resembles what flew over on Sunday night. The object's flight path struck me as rather strange, as most commercial aircraft fly either more-or-less on east-west lines in this part of the country or northeast to southwest if they're overseas flights. I've never seen anything flying on so nearly a north-south axis (although this might be a good route for commercial flights from Russia or military craft returning from the far north).;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
I went out to my back deck at 11:55 p.m. tonite (Sunday).  Immediately upon looking up at the clear night sky, my eyes caught hold of a;2004-07-19 00:00:00;6 minutes;I went out to my back deck at 11:55 p.m. tonite (Sunday).  Immediately upon looking up at the clear night sky, my eyes caught hold of a moving object higher altitude than a plane, lower than a satellite, and moving at speeds too fast to be either.  Red and white blinking lights, it flew straight north to south. It was clearly visible during it's entire journey. It jutted quickly from side to side very periodically. Fifteen minutes later, I saw a small star-like object moving very slowly, east to west, at the top of the sky.  It appeared to be about the altitude of a star.  My eyes follwed it closely, as it was almost moving too slowly to be detectable. It began to move in the opposite direction, speeding up and slowly down in random rythym.  Then it began to move in small circles.  It continued in this haphazard pattern, all in the northwestern sky, just above the Three Sisters constellation, for approximately 6 minutes.  Too small to be caught by my video camera.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
Repeat of Last Night's UFO Show!!;2004-07-19 22:55:00;7 minutes first sighting ;Repeat of Last Night's UFO Show!! I reported to you last night of the small star-like object that was moving slowly and haphazardly in the northwest sky.  Tonite a friend was visiting.  We went out to the back deck and we joked that we would see another UFO.  Immediately our eyes were drawn to a large star like object moving somewhat steadily through the sky, directly from north to south. Tonite there were no colored blinking lights, only one large white light. As soon as it passed into the distance, the same dancing star as the night before began performing for us - moving slowly from side to side, ,back and forth, small circles, disappearing foro short periods of time, only to reappear somewhere close, but certainly out of line of a normal flightpath.... I couldn't believe our luck.  I kept asking my friend if she saw too its movements.  She did. This was exactly one hour earlier, 24 hours later.  I just checked again and it's still up there, I watched it for 25 minutes and then cloud cover spoiled my view.  No sound from either craft. Is anyone else seeing this??;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
scrolling around on google maps, found a strange object at s7m1a8;2005-05-15 14:00:00;unknown;scrolling around on google maps, found a strange object at s7m1a8 I was looking at my city on google maps. i noticed a strange image over a house. it looks like a glowing purple toilet plunger shaped object. I assume its in the sky, because it is partly over a house and yard. I looked in the phone book to fine the postal code(or zip code for americans) so that i could easily link to it to show my friends.  so you can check it out on google maps until they update the satelite image. just search using the postal code s7m1a8 and zoom in all the way. its right next to google's green pointer arrow. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  PD));52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
Bulbous looking object seen moving through the sky;2010-05-18 16:20:00;30 seconds;Bulbous looking object seen moving through the sky I had stepped outside to sit in my back yard around 16:10 (4:10 p.m.) CST today for a brief rest after spending a long time working at my computer. I recently bought a pair of Nikon Sportstar 10 x 25 binoculars and so I thought I would pass some time looking at birds, clouds and aircraft. There were scattered light cumulus clouds in the vicinity, but most of the sky overhead was clear and brilliantly blue. There was also a lot of air traffic. I watched three Boeing 737s pass directly overhead, a few minutes apart, and a four-engine jet somewhat south of my location. The larger jet was too far and too high to identify, but the engines left pronounced contrails.  The 737s showed up very clearly in my binoculars, although there was a slight atmospheric haze, but I had them sharply in focus. At about 16:20 (4:20 p.m.), just after watching the last of the 737s pass over, I began lowering the binoculars toward the horizon, when another object appeared in the field of view. I thought I had happened upon a small aircraft, so I steadied the binoculars to follow the craft through the sky. At that point, I realized that it didn’t look like an aircraft. It was filling a greater portion of my field of view than any of the jets had earlier. If it was a small aircraft, it should have been close enough to hear the engines, yet there were no aircraft sounds to be heard. If it was an aircraft, my view would have been about 45 degrees off its right front, with the aircraft banking in a right-hand turn, such that the wings would have been “level” with my point of view, but it was traveling perpendicular to my position, not turning toward me. For a second, I thought it was an aircraft similar to a de Havilland Tracker, with brightly painted engine nacelles. Then I thought it mig! ht be some kind of bird, first thinking that it must be soaring, because there was no motion of beating wings. But it didn’t really look like a bird. The object consisted of two large red-orange spheres, separated by a distance that was somewhat less than the diameter of either sphere, with a white body or fuselage between them and also a white body or fuselage attached slightly below them. The white shape(s) could have been spherical, about the same size as the red-orange spheres. It was hard to make out the shape of the white part(s), i.e., whether it was one body or separate pieces. the red-orange spheres were very bright in the direct sunlight, almost as if they were lights, but I don't think they were illuminated. I followed the object with my binoculars as it continued a wide, steady, unwavering arc in a clockwise direction, until I lost it from sight as it passed behind my house. At that point, I got up from my chair to try to follow the object further, but I could not find it in the sky. Whatever the object was, it had to have been some distance away, as it was as sharply focused in my binoculars as the 737s had been. For that reason, I ruled out the possibility that it could have been an insect and most smaller species of birds. If it was a bird, it would have been very large. The largest birds we have around here are pelicans, and this certainly was no pelican. I thought it could be a cluster of party balloons, but it was moving contrary to the wind and on a very steady path. Also, it was apparent that it was some distance away, both because it was sharply focused in the binoculars and because of the atmospheric haze between the object and me. Party balloons would not have filled so much of the field of view at that kind of distance. Because I saw it for only a short time and was not able to see it by the naked eye, I really can’t say for sure what I may or may not have seen. I’m reporting this mainly in case someone else saw it and either can explain it or would like confirmation that they were not alone in seeing it.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
