2 sightings in daylight;2004-06-28 17:00:00;3 minutes;2 sightings in daylight I just thought maybe I should start reporting some of the things that are being seen in the skies over Saskatoon, Sask. I think I mentioned to you in my last communication with you that over the last few years we have experienced some pretty amazing sightings right from our back yard here in Saskatoon, but I never took the time to report them to anyone. After each experience, I always tend to think, well, that will be the last one we will every see, but it definitely isn't turning out that way. It seems myself, my family, are seeing way more than our fair share.  I do plan on sitting down and writing a report  of descriptions of what we have seen over the past few years, but for now, I thought I would send you a quick report of what we have seen over the last few days, with a couple of photos attached. On June 28th, my wife and I were sitting out on our back deck around 5:00 p.m. discussing our day when I noticed something in the sky to the east. From past experiences I have learned to always have a pair of binnoculars close by on the deck, and immediately grabbed them and focused in. I think my wife could see my jaw drop as I asked her to quickly run into the house and get a Christmas present she had gotten for me just for this purpose, binnoculars with a built in digital camera. While she was doing that, what I was focused in on was a series of bright white spheres, very high up, but yet very clear. I would say a series of 9 spheres that where joined to form a unbroken ring. I could even see the blue sky through the middle of the ring. The ring kept changing shape from almost a circle to oval and everything in between. I was stationary at first and then, the best way to describe it was, it just kept increasing in altitude until it disappered. Any ways it turns out that the batteries where dead in the binnoculars with the digital camera, so no photos of that one. Needless to say, we replaced the batteries. The very next day, at the same time of day, we where out on the deck again talking about the day before, both of us not expecting anything, but sure enough, as we were talking something out the corner of my eye caught my attention. In almost the exact same location as the day before. Again, grabbing my binnoculars (without the built in camera, that one is sitting on top of the fridge in the house, geez) I focused in on a single sphere, very metalic looking as you could see light refecting off of it. Moving very slowly towards us from the east, it was hard to tell if it was changing in size or just increasing in altitude. What ever it was doing, it was doing it every few seconds. Something I hadn't seen before was a strange haze or distortion of some kind around the object, almost making it blurry at times. Meanwhile, my wife had run in and got the binoculars with the camera and I managed to get a few photos which the best two are attached in this email. Although not very dramatic, I think they give you the idea of the shape and also the distortion around the object that becomes clearer when you enlarge the photos. Have a look and any comments would be valued. An interesting aspect of what we have been seeing here is that they are all in broad daylight.;52.1494699570812;-106.602005579399
