Cylindrical shape, quasi-transparent dome like structure attached on top flying high. Kanata Ontario, Canada.;2001-08-25 19:45:00;~ 8 minutes;Cylindrical shape, quasi-transparent dome like structure attached on top flying high. Kanata Ontario, Canada. There was a clear and nice blue sky. I always observe the sky. I was in my car and my wife was driving north. We were going to the movies. I first saw a jet plane flying high going west at an altitude of 45 degrees. I could clearly saw the white trail the plane was leaving behind. I watched the plane until it disappeared in the distance. One minute after, I look southwest and I saw what I first believe to be another plane at an altitude of 30-35 degrees.  It looked to be closer than the commercial jet plane, but you could tell it was very high. It was moving northeast at a steady speed. The first thing I noticed is that there was no white trail, and it was moving just too fast and high to be a glider or small airplane. It looked like a metallic object (commercial jet plane like) but perfectly cylindrical. Looking with more attention, I noticed a quasi-transparent dome shape attached to the top of the object (similar in texture to what you can see when the moon is barely visible during the day)and what appeared to be like a variable haze sorrounding the object. I immediately told my wife to look. Even though she was driving, she could see it too. I though then that it was high altitude balloon, but again the payload seemed just too big and it was moving way too fast. As the object became closer (altitude of 60-70 degrees) I had to stick my head out of the sunroof to look at it. I laugh to myself because the shape of the object was just like a UFO portrayed in a bad cartoon or B movie transparent dome like with metallic base. As we were moving north, I saw one person walking at the street looking at it puzzled. Once we reached the AMC parking lot, I saw a helicopter flying at ~500m above, this gave me a point of reference. The apparent size was of a big commercial jet plane flaying high. We watched until it disappeared in the distance. For the record, I am an amateur astronomer and I hold a Master degree in engineering. I have many years of working experience.;45.3201018518519;-75.8913712962963
