As soon as I exit the Walgreens on Broad. St My attention is immediately captured by a very bright, very low hovering light. The light;2015-12-24 23:00:00;3 minutes;As soon as I exit the Walgreens on Broad. St My attention is immediately captured by a very bright, very low hovering light. The light which did at first look like a very bright star, was the exact color of a old street light, and was stationary. I paused in the middle of the semi busy parking lot to get a better look.  The object was hovering over the far right side of the new Santander bank, while high up, it was considerably low, its worth mentioning that if you are formulaic with this area of Cranston/Warwick you would know that this area is VERY heavy with air traffic, I see dozens of planes of all types and sizes every week night and day, it was very obvious and clear that this was no satellite or aircraft. As I begin to head down Broad. st to get home (I am walking) the object seems to move very slowly to the right, than heads not straight up, but forward away from my direction the opposite way and dims out as it hits a dense dark cloud. I take a right turn down Grand Ave, right off of Broad. St, the first right after the bank so now I'm heading the direction this thing was going the last I seen it which was maybe only 25-30 seconds, as I'm waking what looks like a giant, bright street light traveling at a respectable speed that I won't even attempt to try to measure, it was incredibly bright and looked much, much lower than it appeared to be the last time I saw it, if this was an airplane than there had to have been at least some sort of sound, but it was completely silent as it eerily, smoothly, and easily floated diagonally through the sky to my right. This thing was so bright and eerie that I desperately looked around to see if anyone else was seeing what I was seeing, I was hoping at least someone would be out walking their dog because if any one was out at this time especially on Grand ave the object would have been a very obvious sight, but no one was around. I try to keep pace with the object as it starts to enter another large dense, dark, natural cloud...  I've never seen anything like this as it literally made my heart beat go crazy and I got a slight adrenalin rush, the whole time while observing the object I kept telling myself that it was real and I was seeing it, like I described before, the object started out as a very bright, streetlight colored star that was very low and very obviously out of place, when I seen it the second time it was drastically lower, I could make out the shape to be sort of like a football, the color remained that solid old streetlight, orange with a very bright glow around it, I've described the thing to people as a flying streetlight with out the pole.  Very eerie and unsettling, considered calling the police.;41.7692307692308;-71.4739009615386
Four bright orange orbs drifted in the Eastern sky over Cranston,RI at 10:15 pm on July 3rd.;2016-07-03 22:15:00;15 minutes;Four bright orange orbs drifted in the Eastern sky over Cranston, RI, at 10:15 pm on July 3rd. Over the course of 15 minutes, 4 bright orange orbs drifted S to N in the Eastern sky starting at 10:15 pm.  Each disappeared to the North before the next one became visible in South.   They were silent and moving about half the speed of a small plane.   I took pictures, but having seen 9 on June 11th (see report) I was a bit disappointed because there was only 4.  (ah, how quickly we get spoiled);41.7692307692308;-71.4739009615386
