2 triangle objects and 1 sphere object, dancing and hovering in sky, red, purple, green, pink, very bright white lights.;2012-03-27 21:20:00;20 minutes;2 triangle objects and 1 sphere object, dancing and hovering in sky, red, purple, green, pink, very bright white lights.  Watched them for about 20 mins then they took off at a very high speed.;34.2204;-77.7953
Triangular Shaped Craft over Wrightville Beach, North Carolina;2012-10-16 20:40:00;15-20 seconds;Triangular Shaped Craft over Wrightville Beach, North Carolina As I was Metal detecting on the beach tonight not having too much luck i stopped and started star gazing, I noticed two Military fighter jets come from out over the ocean from the south and flew off to my right.They only had red lights on...  Maybe 15 mintues later I began detecting again and the tide was coming in and occasionally would send a surge of water rushing towards me, and as a surge came towards me i turned and ran away from it to keep my metal detector from getting wet and as i turned and stopped and noticed off to the Northwest 5 Giant white lights moving from left to right , THIS WAS A CRAFT!  From my vantage point i could tell the object was triangluar in shape, it was totally silent and for being atleast a mile away it stuck out like a sore thumb in the night sky! These lights like i described to the operator upon my oringal report to the UFO Reporting Center were smaller than a full moon but definately bigger than a star and venus!  As it conti! nued to move slowy from West to East it began to slowly make a 90 degree turn and started heading to the North and that was when I got my iphone out and attempted to get a video of it but my phone froze up, im not sure if it was because of the UFO or just my phone messing up but it has never done that before, i could see the object from the back and also the lights werent as bright as before because they werent directly in front of me, but the underside of the craft had a red pulsing light smaller than the white ones but not by much! The craft headed slowly towards the north and as it headed away from me the dunes from the beach blocked my view.  As i stood there i automaticly knew what i had witnessed! i started running to my car determined to get another look at the object and as i was running i heard a military helicopter coming from east along the shoreline and came directly over my head and turned and headed toward the north like it was chasing after the craft! The Helicopter had only its dull red lights on. I got to my car and sta! rted hea ding in the direction i last saw the object but i never saw it again after it last left my line of sight behind the dunes. I called my local poilce department and they said they will call air traffic control and report my statement to them!  This undeniably a legit UFO!!;34.2204;-77.7953
