bright ufo passes military plane;2005-09-13 19:45:00;approx. 5 min;bright ufo passes military plane i went outside onto my third floor balcany, looked up at the moon and noticed a military type plane ( grey with the black nose ) and noticed a bright light in the sky heading its direction. it was kinda rectangled shape or saucer shaped from my p.o.v. it was so brightly light up compared to the dim colored plane. the sun was behind clouds and the plane had almost a shadowy effect to it ( just a darker/dull color, but not from the ufo.) so i know that the sun wasn't playing into effect here. i called to my wife to come look and she seen it also, but basically she is a non- believer so it is hard to get any response, which i think is funny since she believes in ghosts!! the plane was about 5-10 miles to the south of hwy 6 and 148 st. the plane was also closer than the ufo. the ufo being maybe less than a few blocks to a mile away from the plane!! there is no freaking way that the pilots did not see that thing heading towards them, not so much a collision course but so very close!! i say ufo because there were no flashing anything, just a bright yellowish white light that covered the whole craft. the lincoln airport is only about 15 miles away from here and that was no plane that took off. like i said the military craft was dull compaired to the ufo. the ufo steadily went higher and higher into the sky as it got further away at a nice slow pace towards the east. i have left a report in the past either this year or late last year about the constilation like formations that i had seen after work(might be under a different screen name). and i had just seen footage of a ufo in ashland which is only 5-6 miles away from her.it is the closest thing i had ever seen for real.oh, plus the ufo appeared to be about half the size of the military craft. it stayed lit up like that all the way till it ran out of plain sight. i would love to hear back about this if anyone knows how to get the info from whatever source. man o man i wish i had a camera with some film in it.;40.9201;-96.5279
Very bright orange objects;2011-07-03 22:30:00;4 minutes;Very bright orange objects Very bright orange light balls traveling southeast to northwest.  I would estimate they were between 5-10,000 feet in altitude.  We see alot of aircraft form private jets to F16's flying over, and the speed was similar if not a little faster than the private jets making a final to Lincoln airport, but at a much higher altitude.  There were not blinking lights on them like aircraft flying overhead.  They were just a bright orange light kind of pulsating, but the pulsations could have just been clouds.  Three of them were flying in a V formation. ((NUFORC Note:  We assume that the sighting occurred at night.  We have changed the time above, until we hear back from the source of the report, to reflect a nighttime sighting.  PD));40.9201;-96.5279
