I am a natural 3rd shift person. Unfortunately I stay that schedule even when I'm vacationing.;2019-06-09 03:14:00;<5 minutes;I am a natural 3rd shift person. Unfortunately I stay that schedule even when I'm vacationing. I was on the balcony enjoying the light scattered rain while my friend slept. All of a sudden my phone froze and switched screens.  Then RAPIDLY flipped through a FEW screens. By the time I got the words, What the heck? out, I glanced up toward the sky, and seen a strange flat type disc hovering the Atlantic! (I am a 38 year old lady and I'm putting EVERYTHING I KNOW AND OWN that this was NOT a boat!)  I couldnt take my eyes off of it because I REALLY didnt want to believe it to be honest.  So I made my right hand go behind me and slide the door open and mumbled for my friend to please come to the door. (I wanted him to tell me that wasnt what I thought it was.  However, he did not.) It had yellow/orange tinge lights going around it.  In uniform.  And just kind of hovered there.  Then it threw off two floater type lighting hover balls (?) that floated at the same level for a while.  Then a few strikes of lightening were REALLY bright and it was confirmed. that it was NOT ON THE WATER-!!  I WAS SO SCARED I actually started crying and I STILL WANT TO!  Of course I do have a few pics I was somehow able to get. Then after a bit...  It disappeared.  Just GONE.  About 2 minutes later came one HELL of a storm!!!  Flooding the parking lot of the hotel I'm at and all.  There happened to be a bit more that went on afterwards.  The coastguard (if I'm not mistaken) had come oit to that same area about 20-30 mins later (give or take). I'd really appreciate it if those who specialize in this area would mind confirming?  Maybe I need to get my eyes rechecked?  Or that it was something?  You're more than welcome to call if there are any questions. Thank you. ((witness's name deleted));32.0057;-80.8548
My boyfriend and I went to the beach on Thanksgiving. I had shared an experience that I had out West probably 20 years ago where I watc;2019-11-28 03:30:00;5 minutes;My boyfriend and I went to the beach on Thanksgiving. I had shared an experience that I had out West probably 20 years ago where I watched 2 entities 'playing' beyond the stars - moving across the sky behind the stars at mind boggling speeds... they'd streaked across the sky faster than a 'shooting star' on and out of sight. On Thanksgiving day he said I think that might be a UFO, which surprised me because I didn't think he would consider that. I didn't see what he did initially, but he said it was a bright light. He mentioned it to me - that maybe it was a UFO - and I looked and watched it, too. By then it wasn't bright, but a dim grayish completely round and obviously 3 dimensional object. It sat still for a minute or two then moved up and to the right where it sat for maybe another minute before it was gone. Unfortunately I wasn't able to see how it went away/disappeared as I was trying to take a picture of it. I'd like to know if anyone else in the area noticed anything.;32.0057;-80.8548
