Fireball on Tybee Island, GA.;2013-06-23 20:45:00;2 minutes;Fireball on Tybee Island, GA I am a law enforcement officer.  I have also been an investigator in property crimes, robbery, and homicide.   My wife and I were at the beach to observe the Super Moon on Sunday June 23, 2013 at approximately 8:45pm. We observed a fireball very slowly moving across the sky.  It was very windy yet the object didn't seem to be affected by the wind.  We thought it may have been a Chinese lantern, but it seemed to move along its course at a very slow definitive course.;32.0057;-80.8548
Fiery red lights appear and disappear above the Atlantic, just off the coast of Tybee Island.;2013-08-13 21:30:00;~2 minutes;Fiery red lights appear and disappear above the Atlantic, just off the coast of Tybee Island. On the night of Tuesday, August 13, 2013, two other adults and I visited the beach on Tybee Island, just off the coast of Savannah, Georgia.  We were standing near the pier when we witnessed several orange/red lights in the sky.   First one light appeared.  Seconds later two more appeared at about a distance of 3 or 4 times the width of the original light and to its right.  They remained absolutely still for several seconds.   Then the first light went out, followed shortly by the twin lights also going out.  Several seconds later, the twin lights reappeared as before, followed by the first light again coming on.  For a minute or so, the turning on and then off of these three lights continued.   There was no discernible pattern.  Sometimes the first light would come on sometimes it would be the twin lights.  Whichever appeared first would be the first to disappear.  At no time was there any movement of these lights.  They remained steadfast in their positions,! appearing and then disappearing like fire in the sky. At the conclusion of the light show described above, there appeared yet a fourth light to the left of the original light’s position.  Then a second light moved to the left of this fourth light.  Then another light moved to the left of it, and another light to the left of that one.  As I recall, there were now four lights sitting in a row, perfectly still as though they were hanging from an invisible rod.   As one of my companions described it, it seemed as though the lights had been hiding behind one another, each taking a turn to move to the left and within our sight.  There they remained for several seconds and then they were gone.  We did not see them again, but we left the beach shortly after as there was a mighty storm approaching. Before the lights appeared, we had watched a distant fireworks show far up the beach to the north.  So it must have been between nine and ten o’clock.  The lights appeared about 65 degrees above the horizon.  They were straight ahead of us, out over the water.  We had earlier observed the lights of a distant barge, and the fireballs in the sky seemed to be closer to shore.  I remembered the lights as being triangular, but with rounded corners, more of an egg shape or oval.  One companion remembered them as being more circular, and my other companion said he saw “portholes” in each light. The lights we saw were beautiful.  They had an organic look, not like artificial light, but a warm glow like that of candle light in a pumpkin, but redder.  They emitted no beams, and were not reflected in the water below.   Some might think they were Chinese lanterns, but I know they were not.  It was a very windy night, and the only movement we saw was that of the final lights.  And they moved almost mechanically before standing still as the first lights had done.  Then they were gone.;32.0057;-80.8548
