Blue orb moving slow but steadily across the Georgia coastline sky towards Tybee Island;2007-06-10 04:00:00;20 seconds;Blue orb moving slow but steadily across the Georgia coastline sky towards Tybee Island My husband and I were traveling toward Tybee Island for our honeymoon.  He was driving and I was in the passengers seat.   I spotted this brilliant blue orb moving toward us from over my right shoulder.  I immediately said to my husband, Look!  Do you see that?!   He replied, What ((deleted)) is that?   The blue orb with no discernible parts, only light, moved across our path and vanished.   It was wild.  I never knew there was a place I could report this where I wouldn't be completely humiliated and called crazy until now, thus the late report. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));32.0057;-80.8548
Sphere hovering over the ocean.;2011-07-20 23:00:00;~2 minutes;Sphere hovering over the ocean We were vacationing on Tybee Island and had an ocean front condo.  My husband was on the balcony at approximately 11:00 PM.  I opened the sliding doors to the balcony to join him.  I saw as I opened the doors a large ball of white light that appeared to be hovering over the ocean near the water's edge.  I asked him what it was and he said he didn't know but had been watching it for a few mins.   I moved to the left of the balcony to sit beside him and realized this object had no trailing light behind it.  We didn't believe it then to be a light from a ship and there was nothing notable on the water that we could see.  I hadn't been in my seat more than 3 seconds when it disappeared right in front of us.  I don't know which way it went because it went so quickly it left us really puzzled.  It didn't change colors but remained white the entire time before it was gone.   We just sat there not saying anything for some seconds and then we started to speculate as to what in the world it could have been.   My husband hadn't gotten up to come and get me because he was trying to figure out what it was, and he didn't want it to disappear if he made movement on the balcony.   He then said that it was much bigger than we probably realized and appeared to him to be farther out than I thought it was.  Its light was cast on the water underneath of it.  I especially wanted to ask my husband if he had seen any beam of light behind it and he hadn't.  He said it was solitary...just hovering there over the water.   This particular night I didn't see anyone on the beach and usually there were people walking with flashlights all through the night on that beach.  I have no idea if anyone else saw it.  I tried to remember if I had reported it here on this  site before but couldn't so I decided to report it just in case.  Needless to say I didn't sleep well at all the remaining nights.  We never saw it again but unless it was some strange natural occurrence we just happened to witness and know nothing about then it was indeed unidentified! by us. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date may be approximate.  PD));32.0057;-80.8548
Reddish orange orbs that changed to white and disappeared at a high rate of speed;2019-12-25 20:30:00;30 seconds;Reddish orange orbs that changed to white and disappeared at a high rate of speed My boyfriend and I were walking our dog about 8:30 pm on Christmas night 2019.  On our way back, I looked up and saw 6 reddish orange spheres/lights hovering above us.  They were all hovering and moving south at the same slow speed.  There was no sound at all and the lights were not flashing.  I said to my boyfriend, hey, what is THAT?  When he looked up, the lights changed to white and then we could only see four.   At that point they looked to me almost like hazy little diamond shapes with a tiny circle in the center.  My boyfriend said he did not see the diamond shapes, only little white circular orbs.  They moved together and then apart again and did some acrobatics and crossed paths before they shot apart.  After that, two went east and two went west at a high rate of speed and disappeared.;32.0057;-80.8548
