I live off of route 101 East in NH , which goes to the ocean. I was going out around 11:00 p.m. to smoke a cigarette and I looked up an;2020-08-30 23:00:00;30 minutes;I live off of route 101 East in NH , which goes to the ocean. I was going out around 11:00 p.m. to smoke a cigarette and I looked up and saw what I thought maybe a star at first but it was blinking and looked like it was moving. I knew that it wasn't a plane just by the look of it. I watched it for a while, then I got my boyfriend to verify what I was seeing and he thought it was very odd too. Then I got my phone out and started recording at first I was recording it and I could see it on my phone moving and then my phone just stopped recording and went to the home screen. I went to re-watch that and there's weird noises you can kind of see the light a little bit and then there's two different times there is these flashes of lights. And then I tried another time and got a 5-minute video. In the video you can see it moving side to side up and down criss-cross every direction very quickly, which I could not see with my naked eye. I went into the house to get b noculars I only watched it for about 1 minute with the binoculars and then it was gone. It had red green and a white/yellowish light and it was a diamond shape. I went out tonight and saw there again in the same spot. I ran in immediately after taking another 5-minute video and looking at it for not even a second and it started to leave. I went in the house to see it better binoculars and it took me awhile to find it again but I saw something with blinking lights that was very far away what I could not make out of shape but I did see red blinking and a white yellowish blinking. It made no sound or no sound that I could hear being so far away. But was moving very quickly and then it would hover and then move very quickly again and then hover.It was very far away I could tell because I could not see it with my naked eye. And then it got really bright and it was just gone. I've seen it two nights in a row in the same spot. I'm pretty sure it was the same craft. from about how ! far it was from me I could tell it was probably over the ocean.;43.0584;-71.4578
