Bright purple craft hovered above eastward mountains;2016-07-04 22:45:00;2 minutes;Bright purple craft hovered above eastward mountains My boyfriend, our friend and myself watched the Yachats fireworks show tonight at the Yachats State Park.  The beautiful show finished up when my group noticed a bright purple orb/round craft hovering eastward over the mountain tops.  It stayed stationary before steadily moving upward and in erratic circular motions before disappearing over the other side. I have a feeling many people witnessed this considering how many large groups were all gathered outside at the time.;44.3277;-124.0824
I had a very unusual  sighting.  Time line was 12:04, technically Monday, since it was after midnight.;2017-01-23 00:04:00;2 minutes;Sunday January 22nd, I had a very unusual  sighting.  Time line was 12:04, technically Monday, since it was after midnight.   Went to sleep early Sunday night woke at about midnight.  I did not want to read or watch t.v., it was too stimulating.  I wanted to back to sleep, so I went outside and, sat on my balcony to very clear night it was wonderful the stars were brilliant.  I must state that I live on the central  coast of Oregon in a very small town (not many lights).  I moved here from Los Angeles, because I was seeking peace and quiet.   I was looking at Orions belt doing the Jeopardy question, which is brighter his shoulder or his toe (its his toe) suddenly  an orange light that lined up with Orions belt and moving very slowly from south  to  north came into view.  The strange thing about this light.  It was very large and it did not glow.  I say this because I have an ocean view, and see many fishing boats.  They have white and orange lights, these lights glow!  What I saw was very large and not a rounded shape.  Pinched in the middle it did not glow.  It was traveling at a slow speed, then suddenly went very fast and  changed direction going lower and then blinked out.   I have seen many strange things in the sky but I have never seen anything that was orange in color that did not make any sound, and did not glow.  No strobe lights.  Again, let me state, it was high and big (about a 1/4  size of moon), a circle but slightly squished in the middle. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she seemed to us to be quite sober-minded.  We suspect that she is a very capable, and reliable, witness.  PD));44.3277;-124.0824
