Rectangler in shape, lights all the way around it, no noise, darted up and down, left to right stopping very fast, maze like decoration;1979-04-01 21:00:00;30 minutes;Rectangler in shape, lights all the way around it, no noise, darted up and down, left to right stopping very fast, maze like decoration I spotted this object (bright light) from looking out of a two story house window, just star gazing. I realized it was flying over downtown Berkley, by the college. What aroused my curiosity was that it would dart up and down, right to left very fast and just suddenly stop. I got a friend of mine to take a look and he also thought this was very strange. We drove to downtown towards the college, didn't see anything. Took a right turn on a side street and I spotted it flying over buildings (I was not driving) like it was trying to race with us for about 40 seconds. All of a sudden it was gone, so I told my friend to pull over and park. We walked to the next street over which is Telegraph. Their were a few people standing at a bus stop. My friend asked them if they saw the object. They gave us a look like we were crazy. We jogged down the street and back, didn't see anything and decided to give up. On our way back to the car between Telegraph and the street we parked on, I was on one side of the srteet and my friend on the other side. I looked up and hovering over me and the building I was walking by (I could only see half of the object) was the object. It was rectangler, had lights all around it, but only the corner ones were on. It was dark gray in color, there was a maze like decoration that covered all of the bottom of it. Absolutely no noise at all. I had my 8 month old son with me and got very afraid and ran to the car, it followed to the main street. That was last I saw of it. When we got back to the house we called the Police only to be laughed at. We called news stations only to be laughed at. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));37.8726163841808;-122.269972881356
