At approximately 20:35hrs greater than what conventional aircraft (40+ thousand feet) a brightness of two very strong white lights appe;2004-09-19 20:35:00;1-2 minutes;At approximately 20:35hrs greater than what conventional aircraft (40+ thousand feet) a brightness of two very strong white lights appeared amongst the clear night starry skies.  I was was not looking up however the sudden brightness brought my attention to the stars.  For about 35-40 seconds the objects lights were very, very bright and moving slowly east, northeast and away from earth, then began to dim over the remaining minute of viewing time until they became less viewable and dimmer.  Both objects appeared in unisen in their movements.  The objects were not traveling across the skyline, yet just slightly in a direction away from earth.  About one minute after their dissapearance, another object travelled from s/east to n/west as a whitish, redish, orange light which did not have the characteristics of a shooting star at all and was much faster than a satelite.  This object traveled in a straight line and did not vary in brightness and did not appear to be encountering earths atmosphere.  My wife would neither agree or disagree that these objects were not of our planets origin and jokingly says that if they are visitors from another part of the universe they likely decided to leave as soon as they got here because of what they found....  I laughed, however I beleive this siting has merit as UFO's and will watch this site for other reports.;42.9879403846155;-71.4560360576924
Flashes of light with orbs.;2018-01-22 18:20:00;4 seconds;Flashes of light with orbs. This all started a long time ago in 1985 when my Grandfather told me to film Mars when it was closest which was like very early fall of 2003.  He told me to watch for an object he had seen that traveled up instead of down.  This being an asteroid of sorts or perhaps a bolide.   I did as I was told and set up my tripod and said a prayer that it would bring honor to my grandfather.  Early on in the shot I got tired of filming just Mars and decided to film the moon instead.  Not long after a brightly lit object that was potato shaped flew from left to the upper right at an upward angle lighting up in the moons halo as it went.  Keep that at the back of your mind. Then in 2008 I got a report that the Bali volcano was about to erupt so I was watching the live camera.  I saw something that looked like orbs but paid no notice of it.  Then a news agency told me that an earthquake struck the region.  I know from past experience that orbs appear after earthquakes, so I went to see the live camera again and much to my amazement the entire shot was nothing but wild crazy orbs flying in all directions. The critics didn’t like the film and said for me to film one in doors at my home so I went and did just that.  On the first day of filming I shot three orbs traveling fast in my home appartment in Manchester.  I missed the first orb in the kitchen because it was fast and the lighting was too bright which led me to believe that the object wasn’t worth my time but I remember it just the same. Then some time went by and nothing much appeared on the night vision camera.  I’d been working hard in my office and it was getting late.  I was about to go to my girlfriends house and I typically have that room in the dark.  I noticed my phone light up but it wasn’t coming from the screen or the back of the phone.  It was more like my pocket lit up. I thought nothing of it and went to open the door to go outside.  Just as I turned the key the entire lock assembly lit up in a bright pleasant white light that was radiant like neon white.  It flashed twice and I left the apartment feeling somewhat befuddled.  I told myelf its all good and thought nothing of it. I then returned to my apartment very early that morning around quarter of six and my apartment was still fairly dark.  As I went to shut the lock the same thing happened but my phone didn’t light up this time.  Just the lock did and this time it was one blink and was located much closed to the inside wood.  It was not my normal standard lighting and I decided to call someone to report it. Now...  My mother was nearly killed by a serial killer back in the day when she was young and a bright light saved her life.  I guess the killer lost his nerve when the flat desert like sand of western Kansas (there abouts) lit up bright as day all around his pickup truck.  So I knew from stories I’d heard that this was not the “first” time it had happened to my family. Lastly on August 10th, 2005, I was working in a basement in Plaistow, NH, at a friend's house when the two of use decided to sit down.  All of a sudden a bright ball of energy flew out of the fruit cellar in front of us and traveled right past my left side.  It then bounced off the hot water heater, turned slightly then went across at a fast wobble at about eye level when it then traveled out a window.  I said to her “you saw that, right?”  she said yes. I am including a link to the only evidence I have and that is of the 3 orbs I filmed.  The film is a composite so that the video is shorter.  The times on the video are wrong the rest is accurate.  Here is the youtube link.  The orbs were spotted on December 27th, 2017, at around 7pm. https://youtu.be/NlKTSc2mK94   Lastly the snow looked strange on the day of the 23rd of Jan. 2018, so I photographed that.;42.9879403846155;-71.4560360576924
Fast streak of light in sky about 10mi north of position.  ((anonymous report));2018-08-03 19:30:00;<10 seconds;Fast streak of light in sky about 10mi north of position. In the car with my father travelling north on I-93 near the I-293 interchange.  Saw a very brief streak of white light in the sky, travelling northeast at an incredibly high rate of speed (in excess of several hundred mph).  We both saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.9879403846155;-71.4560360576924
