Life changing, amazing, frightening, best experience of my life.;2002-07-15 03:00:00;1 hour;Life changing, amazing, frightening, best experience of my life. It was about 2 AM around the fourth of July of 2002. I was outside on a hill with two other friends of mine. We were all just relaxing and looking at the stars when all of the sudden a fairly large bright star looking object that was above us for sometime started to move. It went unnoticed before because when it was still it looked like just another star in the sky. When the object started to move it was CLEARLY not an airplane or a satelitte. It started off moving a signifigant distance acorss the sky, from a our view of the sky I would say a few feet, which I'm sure in terms of space is millions of miles.  After doing that a few times it came to a stand still. When it was at this stand still, I'm sure that it was directly above us, and when i say directly I mean as in if they dropped a pin it would have hit us. After repeating this process a few times, it went it to a frenzy of figure 8's. When the figure 8's occured we all noticed three other birght star figures which in turn were UFO's as well. They did not do as much moving as the one above us did. It seemed as though the one above myself and my compainions was the leader and the other three were followers. After doing the figure 8's and unexplainable patterns for about 10-30 min, it stoped abruptly. Right as it stopped, a car drove by us, this was probablly about 3:30 AM in a suburban area, thats not very typical for our neighborhood. The creepy thing about the car was that it stared directly at us when it drove by, which at 3 in the morning, and in very dark night on a hill, is strange. They should not have known we were up there because we made no noise and blended in with the hill. After the car drove by we became very frightened and ran back to my friends house. ((NUFORC Note:  Date in July 2002 is approximate.  PD));42.9879403846155;-71.4560360576924
Flickering object sighted moving from SE to NW in Manchester, NH.;2018-07-20 17:50:00;<3 minutes;Flickering object sighted moving from SE to NW in Manchester NH. I saw a single object.  At the start of the occurrence the object at first appeared to be a distant jet liner.  But it produced no contrail and its motion seemed slower than that of a typical airliner cruising at altitude.  Furthermore the object flickered.  Whether this was due to light emitting apparatuses or protrusions reflecting sunlight off of them is not clear. It's size and distance was impossible to determine.  It did appear to me to be high up in the sky and distant.  The object appeared to be solid as it was dark against the sky when it was not flickering.  The color of the flickering light was white in hue and the period between flashes was rapid in frequency.  There may have been two points of light as the object flickered but I could be mistaken in the recollection.  There was no sounds coming from the object all through out the entire time I witnessed it. The path object traveled was from southeast to northwest.  The object's path took it across Moon which was approximately 40 degrees above the horizon at the time.  In fact, as I recall, I first caught sight of the object as it as slightly below the Moon's position in the SE sky.  When the object moved over head and passed my vantage point, the object appeared to slow almost to a halt and remained in that position for about a minute before it seemed to vanish.  The estimated elapsed time from when I first spotted the object till when it vanished was under three minutes. I was riding a bicycle at when I first spotted the object, but I dismounted and walked along the street and pausing frequently to observe the object.  I was traveling south and traversed a distance of a block and a half through the entire duration of the occurrence.  I do wear glasses to correct distance vision.  I had them on through the entire time.  I was in a residential neighborhood however there was nothing obscuring the object all throughout the entire time it was observed. It was mostly clear skies at the time and sunny.  There were no clouds in the part of the sky the object traveled through.  The wind at the ground level was southeasterly a little over 10 mph I'd estimate.  It was warm at the surface over 85 degrees F.  No other aircraft was operating in the sky at the time the object was visible as best I can recall.;42.9879403846155;-71.4560360576924
Mysterious Green Light Zooms Off at the Speed of Light;2020-11-06 21:10:00;4 seconds;Mysterious Green Light Zooms Off at the Speed of Light On 11/5/2020 at appx 21:10 I was traveling on I293 South in Manchester, NH. I'm a registered nurse and I work as an evening supervisor at a nursing home, I was on my way home from leaving my shift slightly early that evening to catch the US election on the news. I began to take Exit 2 for Brown Avenue. As I was changing into the off ramp, I noticed a light ahead. Not from a plane, which are very common in the area as the airport is appx 2 miles from that specific location. Instead, this light was emanating from within a cloud and was green in color, and the area it covered appeared larger than a regular airplane which I observe on a regular basis. It appeared that the light was either square or triangular in shape vs. round or elongated. It was in the eastward direction, at a decent height but low enough in the sky to be noticeable within my windshield view. And without a sound or other event, the light zoomed off in such a fast speed that I can only describ! e it by saying that if I had looked away or blinked at that moment, I would have missed it entirely and thought the light had just vanished. It had accelerated off into the eastward direction. This all occurred within the time it took for me to signal off of the exit and was gone before I came to a stop at the light at the end of the ramp, appx 3-4 seconds, as the light did not stay after I had witnessed it in the sky. I am not aware of any other witnesses to this event, I do not remember any other vehicles at the off ramp at that time, as I was the first vehicle at the red light.;42.9879403846155;-71.4560360576924
