Organized fireballs over Belmont, NH. Coordinated with separate occurrence also visible.;2014-07-27 00:20:00;3 minutes;Organized fireballs over Belmont, NH.  Coordinated with separate occurrence also visible. Driving home my friend and I noticed a bright orange light entering the horizon from our right.  We immediately asked each other what it was noticing it was moving very slow, wasn't blinking and seemed to burn orange with no tail or sound. The light drifted a visual distance of a foot to a foot and a half before it appeared to drift in our direction.  We would later comment that it seemed to notice our headlights and swerved in to investigate.  I put my car in park as the second light entered from the same direction. The second light passed with seemingly more resolve.  It was larger and passed by much the same way. The first light had seemed to pick its spot in the sky to diminish in brightness.  Light number two seemed to decide on turning in our direction more aggressively at this point I felt nervous and turned off my headlights. Upon turning off my headlights, the second light went the same as the first.  This one persisted as the third enter from the right. My co-witness captured crude photos on his cell phone as well as a short video capturing their pass. The third light, more consistent in brightness did not seem to notice us as it passed by and went the way of the previous two. These lights were bright and clearly different from the other celestial bodies.  I compared it to my wife later as a fireball who's light reflected off a thin mist. When we returned home upon completing a short scan for any other such objects we noticed a second 'patch' of three similarly moving, similarly colored objects moving on the horizon.  The second patch was too far to see with the same profound detail however the similar behavior led us to a relative conclusion. The reason for the + followed by the question mark is that along with the obviously unique sightings mentioned earlier, a huge number of 'stars' were acting very odd.  More like a junebug around a streetlight then a star.  Wiggling and pulling from side to side.  These 'wigglers' can be found nearly every night however the six fireballs are things we have never seen before and defy our ability to explain.;43.4512;-71.489
