Balls of light in formation in the north west area.;2012-11-08 17:50:00;~10 minutes;Balls of light in formation in the north west area. I was out walking in our field and just happened to look up above the horizon and saw these very bright lights.  My meditate reaction was that it was a new cell tower or something.  As I continued to stand there I realized that this was no plain or tower.  All I wanted to do is stand there and watch but I pulled out my phone and started taking video.   I called my brother to come see cause I knew he would never beleive me if I told him what happend. The lights where North West in a funny formation. There was four of them.  Omost in a straight line except the second light was a little lower making what it looked like was a v shape.  The balls of light seemed to be flashing omost but more like flickering. They did not appear to be moving.  Then they one by one disappeared. The one on the far left disappeared first then if was the second and within a couple of seconds they were gone. I wad on the phone with brother when they disappeared. In shock I was looking all ar! ound wondering if the lights were all around. Next thing I know my brother said there back.  I turned back around to the area where I say them last and there was nothing. I told him that I didnt see them. Instead of the lights being in the same spot the light were now more west. The lights made a giant triangle in the sky with only three this time. Two were high up level with each other and the third was very low to the ground. they did not move.  I had told my brother to come out there with me. So ny this time he was with me.  I called a real good friend that lives in town to step out side and see.  He also saw what me and my brother were looking at. My parents were gone but by the time we got to the house my parents were home.  We told them we say a ufo and they just nodded and said they saw it to.  My dad is veteran and was telling me all these laws about plains in formations. And was saying things about how lights ate on plains but long story short he was saying there was no way those were aircraft.  From what they say he said that the on! e appear ed as if it had landed but from my point it was still barely in the air. The lights in the triangle also disappeared quickly in sink. My parents said the say one move but I never did. I am now a true believer.;30.7381;-97.4479
