I witnessed two fast-moving red lights which made no sound.;2014-03-01 21:50:00;8-10 minutes;I witnessed two fast-moving red lights which made no sound. I was just walking my dog that night, and thus not expecting anything unusual.  The sky was partly cloudy and there was no wind to speak of.  As my dog was feverishly sniffing around, I looked toward the southeast and saw a bright, red orb of light.  I estimate that it was about 1/8th of a full moon in size, although I admit that measuring with the naked eye is not my forte.  It was too low to be a satellite, and it neither made sound nor emitted any trail.  It was moving quite rapidly for about 15 seconds before stopping almost above me. I ran back home in a panic, not certain as to the craft's intentions.  Just before I could walk back in, I saw that it was growing fainter.  After about one minute of hovering and whirling erratically, the craft faded out of view.  I decided to continue walking, since my dog was utterly unfazed.  After about 3-5 minutes, I estimate that the time was 22:0. I was walking on a pier down the hill, when I took notice of another orb of much the same appearance as the first. This time, it was moving in a more northwesterly direction and was in view for about a minute or less.  Otherwise, it was too similar to the first encounter to recount without sounding redundant.  I am not even sure if this was a separate object, or the same one from before. I habitually look up at the sky whilst walking outside.  However, I cannot name the stars and planets in the night sky right off my head.  It was very dark, so I could not make out any other shape except for the red light.  Its flight patterns did not seem consistent with weather balloons or Chinese lanterns in calm conditions.  I did not take any pictures unfortunately, as I don’t generally go looking for UFOs.  To my knowledge, there were no other aircraft nearby during the first encounter at least, nothing that would be consistent with what I saw.  The two aircraft which I saw at the time of the second encounter seemed to pay no heed to the object.  I can assure you that I was perfectly sober that night, and I am above drugs.;38.9547;-76.5786
