lights in the sky over Wolcott New York;1993-06-01 00:00:00;15 minutes;lights in the sky over Wolcott New York Ok what I’m about to say is something that I preferred to keep secret for a long time but its been eating me up inside for many years, not so much to tell someone but more in hopes to better understand what I saw.  I apologize for some of the story I cannot remember for whatever reason I don’t know.  The things I cannot remember are the exact date and time this event happened and how many lights there were.  My mind is also kinda fogged as to what colors of lights were involved.  I always wondered if just being in the presence of this UFO had something to do with my memory being fogged because I generally have a clear memory of events in my life.  What I can say is that I know it was the mid 1990's and it was late I would guess midnight.  Though it may seem hard to believe but I was a smoker at the age of 12 on up and my parents were very upset about that but I did it anyhow because I was kind of a “get what I want” child.  They did not support my habit but ! I just kinda did what I wanted regardless of consequences. Anyhow, they wouldn't allow it in the house and I took it outside on the small deck.  I lit a cigarette and began smoking and just listening to the night sounds of crickets and frogs everywhere.  Then suddenly I saw a raccoon running from a hedgerow across the road and towards a barn.  When it got into the night shadows of the barn I lost sight of it and that’s when these huge lights appeared suspended and perfectly still with no movement to them just above the rooftop of this barn.  And just as it appeared I instantly noticed that every night sound I was hearing before came to an erie dead silence.  It was a very chilling moment and I was so scared I could not move and I could not yell or scream.  I tried moving and yelling but it was like my mind was sending my body the signals and my body was not complying to what I wanted to do.  The cigarette I had just lit burned all the way to the filter and died out.  The li! ghts were there for about 15 very long minutes it seemed.  And! during this 15 minutes I had plenty of time to determine that it was not fitting any description of anything man made that I knew of.  I could not hear any noise coming from an engine of any type, if it had an engine that is.  I thought, if it were a helicopter that I would be seeing some movement in the lights even if it were hovering and it too would have an engine.  I thought, what on earth could make all the crickets and all the frogs come to a dead silence.  I thought of the raccoon and maybe it had some part in this things appearance but what would a raccoon have to do with lights in the sky, didn't make sense.  The lights on this thing were so blinding that I literally could not see what was casting them.  I saw no shape or silhouette behind them because it was a brightness I have never seen before.  I know there were white lights for sure and there was another color light.  I wanna say the other color was red but I cant be sure of that because this is where my memory is par! tly fogged.  And so I stared at it wondering whats to come next and after about 15 minutes it just vanished into nothing and the night sounds of nature came slowly until it was as if nothing ever happened.  Sadly enough I don’t have any evidence of this because I didn't own a cell phone with a camera on it like I have now days because that technology didn't yet exist in people's everyday life then.  I didn't have any other type of camera either because I had no reason to ever carry one.  Even if I had a camera, I highly doubt I would have photographic evidence of this because I simply could not move my body while it was happening and that’s all I got, thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.2331;-76.8238
