Hovering saucer seen during daylight by many witnesses;1975-06-15 18:30:00;2 minutes;Hovering saucer seen during daylight by many witnesses In the summer of 1975 after dinner one evening I was watching TV with my brother.  It was still light out, probably around 6-7pm.  I heard a strange buzzing/whirring sound that started softly and became louder and I said to my brother “do you hear that?” He said “hear what?”   As the sound diminished. A few seconds later the sound came back much louder this time and I said “you can’t hear that?” He replied “now I do” and we looked at each other puzzled.  I got off the couch and went and put my ear to the speaker on the TV set to hear if it was coming from there.  It wasn’t.  It became apparent it was coming from behind where we were sitting from outside the window. I walked over to the window and to my surprise a saucer shaped object about 35 feet in diameter was hovering at tree top height over a field between two houses a few hundred feet outside of our window.  We both watched in amazement as this saucer shaped craft hovered in front of us.  There seemed to be sec! tions of it that were rotating, some clockwise some counterclockwise and at different speeds. It was shiny grey metallic and had what appeared to be rows of colored lights.  I was eleven at the time and the feeling of overwhelming excitement was hard to contain.  I had no negative feelings about it. In fact I found it to be a very positive experience.  We were not scared.  It felt like the most magical experience of my life.  Very positive. I ran to get my camera and my brother went to get my sister.  When we got back to the window half a minute later it was gone. We checked the local news paper when it came out the following Monday for other reports.  Many people reported it to the police as could be seen in the police blotter, and later in the week a story came out about all the families who had seen it from a nearby school field while playing baseball. Witnessing that at such an early age has had a huge impact on my ability to accept the concept that we are not at the apex of intelligence in the universe as many would like us to believe. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.0351;-73.5825
