I believe my account above is complete & I herein swear to it's validity.;1983-08-15 20:00:00;20 min;I believe my account above is complete & I herein swear to it's validity. Due to recent acceptance I will now reveal my encounter, which is only the 1st of two different sightings in my life. In 1983 I lived in the town of Cookstown, N.J. This is a town just outside the main gates & reserve of Maguire Air Force Base in addition to Ft Dix. After dinner I had took my (2) dogs for a walk through the adjoining field of Balasko Oil Co next to my house, it was dark, there was no wind and it was very humid. The field was isolated which was ideal for my needs as my dogs were vicious. Something then happened which I can only verbalize as a sence of something terribly wrong. As this thought was registering in my thoughts, both of my dogs began to growl which escalated my feelings and I could feel the hair raised on the back of my neck. Please know that I have never felt this sence of fear while in the presence of my dogs! As a dog handler, I knew their perception was keener than my own and I looked to where both dogs were focasing their aggressive behaviour. To my complete shock & fear, both dogs were looking up in the same direction at a 45 degree angle. I looked but did not immediatly realize what I was vaguely beginning to see was the silouete of a triangular shape no more than 100 ft above me and no more than 200 yards in front of me. The most upsetting feeling was consuming me as this shape was standing still in the air without the slightest sound! In retrospect to the angle, nose straight up with bottom triangular sections down. A terrible sence consumed me which I can only ascertain was what was making my dogs snarl and show their teeth. I did not stay any longer and pulled my dogs and took them back to the house. Many years later when the Stealth was first revealed I was amazed at how similar it was to what I witnessed in 1983. Possibly could have been the testing of the stealth but I still question why it would have been over Cookstown in lieu of the endless barren miles of the military range. The key I would assume that would solve this or separate this incedent from question would be if the stealth is capable of hovering 100 ft off the ground, nose straight up without making a sound or vibration.;40.0493;-74.5645
