I witnessed a slient chevron shaped craft with 10 large white lights simutaneously going on and off  near Tallahassee 11/20-01.;2001-11-20 04:05:00;30 seconds;I witnessed a slient chevron shaped craft with 10 large white lights simutaneously going on and off  near Tallahassee 11/20-01. I am a 41 year old registered nurse who saw what I considered to be a UFO on 11/20/01 at 0405.   I discussed it in detail will my father who urged me to report it.  He gave me this web site to do so.  Why did I wait to report it? I had a friend's husband who is a retired airforce pilot say that many sightings are reported in this particular area where an airforce base is and fly secret aircrafts that may look unusual to a civilian and I took his word for it.  But after looking this web site up, I saw another individual report a sighting on the same night in the same area and knew I had to submit my story....... I live in Jacksonville Beach and was on a trip to Pensacola to a company to give flu vaccines.  I left the beach at approximatley  2am.  I was traveling west on Interstate 10 in my car.  At 0405 I noticed a low flying aircraft flying toward me, traveling east. It was visible through the left of my windshield and left side window. I thought it might be a radar plane at first but soon realized it was shaped like a stealth/chevron. I wouldn't say it was larger than an average aircraft.   It had 10 large white circular lights on the bottom of the craft slowly going on simutaneously and then going off to where I could not see it.The lights were triangulary placed.  One at the point, then two, then three, then four.   When the lights came on it was very clear. It was shaped like a boomerang with a jagged edge, like the stealth.   There were NO other colored lights (Green/red)as would be expected in normal aircrafts.  To compare it to a full moon size, I would say it was at least one and a half times the size of the moon.  It made no noise, which scared me because I just went to a sea and air show with the Blue Angels here at the Beach a few weeks ago and witnessed many different looking jets and aircraft that were pretty deafening.  It seemed to travel very quickly for a craft flying that low. (Difficult to say how low, a guess...2-3 miles)  I slowed down to watch it go by, but it was gone in about 30! seconds , the lights went out and never saw them turn back on. I knew it wasn't anything I had ever seen and thought it may be a UFO.  I quickly noted the time, the exit I was closest to, a tractor trailer a quarter mile in front of me was the only other vehicle around, and I noticed him driving erraticaly as if he was trying to see it go by as well.  Im sure he saw it too.  I even wrote down his licence tag number to see if I could contact him later if I needed to, but I misplaced my notepad.  Im still looking for it.  If you're out there reading this, please write in!!...As requested I will make a sketch of it and mail it in for you to see.....Thanks for listening. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this individual at length over the telephone, and she was most convincing.   Please see other reports for this date.  PD));30.06975;-83.6371
