First time for everything !;2009-05-30 20:45:00;approx 3 min;First time for everything ! At approx 2045 hours I looked out of our second floor bathroom window to check the weather . Brought to my immediate attention was a very bright (brighter than a KC-10 landing light seen at one half mile distance) , very large (larger than a seedless grape viewed at arms length) , object which was shaped in the form of a child's top . The object was spatially stationary (I fixed its position relative to two near tree branches.) , although it was rotating counter-clockwise at (best guess) about one RPM . It's color was opalescent white  there was a small red , eccentrically located red light near the upper portion which rotated as if fixed to the object . As a best guess , I'd estimate the object to be about two or two and one half miles distant , the direction being to the N.N.W. . As for atmospheric conditions , the sky was overcast with a ceiling of about 3k feet . The object appeared to be approx 1.5 to 2.0 k feet above ground level . I watched the object (with fascination !) for about three minutes , after which I left the bathroom so as to procure a camera . When I returned , the object was no longer viable . I continued to observe the area for about two minutes , at which point I noted two slow moving conventional aircraft circling the area where the unidentifiable object had been sighted . These conventional aircraft were circling in a 360 degree holding pattern , about 500 feet above and roughly a half mile beyond the diameter of the unidentified craft . Although I could ascertain no distinct shape of the two circling smaller aircraft , I assumed them to be helicopters (nav lights , and air speed too slow for fixed-wing) from McGuire A.F.B.  I watched the circling aircraft for an additional five minutes or so , and retired for the night . I awoke at approx 0400 , and immediately (even before coffee !) checked the television news programing for additional details about the very strange object - There was none . The network news did (at about 0920) , however , make mention that some people in Arizona had become alarmed after viewing a U.S.A.F. weather balloon . Why did I wait so long to report such a strange object , when its size surly must have attracted the attention of very many people ? Although I'd never witnessed such a thing before , I suppose that the answer would have roots related to both a sense of frustration/disappointment and the potential risk of loss of credibility . If you've stayed with me this far , I'll seize the opportunity to note that I've been an aerophile (an airplane affectation)for over fifty years , that I'm a former member of the United States Parachuting Association , and that I'm an armature (very)astronomer . In closing , although the experience only lasted for about three minutes , it was quite a show ! I thank you for your kind attention . Sincerely , ((name and specialty deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.0664;-74.6883
