Liquid craft steals time;2002-05-19 00:30:00;24 hours, 30 minutes;Liquid craft steals time Three days ago between the hours of 12:00 and 1:00 am, near the hills above Padre Serra Church in Camarillo, I saw a silvery-spherical object hovering slightly above the horizon of the mountains. My two friends, who wish to remain anonymous, were with me and we decided to ivenstigate from a closer distance. When we pulled into the gravel parking lot of Padre Serra Church, the object slowly descended out of site behind the mountains. Before it descended out of site, from this distance, we could tell that the surface of the object had a distinct liquid-like texture resembling a ball of water in zero gravity. From where, I assume, the object had landed past the horizon there was a short but distinct flash of light which momentarily lit the surrounding area to the point of daylight. When this happened, the headlights of my car instantly died followed by a sputtering motor about three seconds later. When I checked my cellular phone I found that it was also dead. I saw, what I assumed to be, the same spherical object rise above the horizon again. This time, at a terrific speed, the object approached us and halted directly above the car. My car was about and eighth the size of the sphere. It's surface was definitely liquid though we could not see what was inside due to the silvery reflection of the surface. My friends and I panicked and tried to run from the car in different directions at which point the object descended with the same terrific speed, encompassing the entire vehicle as well as us. At that instant, there was another flash and the cold feeling of the liquid on my skin was gone. Neither my friends nor I knew what happened but when we checked, we found that we could not account for a twenty-four hour period of time. Although we pleged to keep it a secret, I believed it important to inform someone. ((NUFORC Note:  This is one of a flurry of reports we received from Ventura County, CA, following three telephone calls we received on May 18, 2002, from a raucous student party.  The reports seemed to us to be not convincing at the time of the call, a fact which we shared with the callers.  Shortly afterwards, approximately a dozen reports were submitted from that area.  We have no way of confirming any of these reports.  PD));34.2252478260871;-119.029715217391
