The craft made two passes by my location, i got a good look at it, i beleieve to have been taken onboard for a short time.;2002-05-21 01:45:00;approx. 30 minutes;The craft made two passes by my location, i got a good look at it, i beleieve to have been taken onboard for a short time. Date of citing: 5/21/02 	Place: Ventura County 	Other References: Available upon request I was with a friend of mine, who is also certain of what she has seen 	Before I go any further, I would just like to ask anyone with diminutive comments to please hold them to themselves, as I have already heard my fair share of them. I am certain of what I have seen, and the only reason I am willing to share this information lies within my hopes of finding someone in my area who may have seen it, and for the further research of UFO’s. 	At about 1:45 in the morning I was out on my porch finishing a personal conversation with a friend. As she went inside to get ready to go to sleep, I thought I saw something flash by in the sky, but disregarded it as a result of my being tired. No more than one minute later I was proved wrong. I saw something (what I took to be an odd airplane, which isn’t uncommon with the navy base close by) flying through the air, in the direction of the base. What I am about to tell you I do not expect most to believe, as I would not had it not happened to me. I believe that I was taken onboard their UFO. My memories of it are very vague. I cannot tell you how I was taken onboard, but I can tell you how it looked. The UFO appeared to be circular, but as it got closer to my location, and slowed down to a hover, I could see that it was a triangular shape, and was given its round appearance because it was rotating so fast.  I remember only a few things. I was on a table, but not by force, I felt like I had the option of being there. For various reasons I believe that I was being examined, but only to be released due to their dissatisfaction. To be honest I think they were looking for a female. The next thing I know I was sitting on the step of my porch. If none of the above is true after all, I do not know how I got there, because I am certain that I do not get up and walk over. I also cannot account for 30 minutes of that evening , the same amount of time my friend was in the shower. The thing that made me believe for certain is her description of what she saw dart off right as she was coming outside. Her description was identical to mine, only I had not given mine to her yet. 	You must know that I do not, and have not ever taken ant illegal drugs, and that I am not currently on any medication that would alter my own judgment. ((NUFORC Note:  This is one of a flurry of reports we received from Ventura County, CA, following three telephone calls we received on May 18, 2002, from a raucous student party.  The reports seemed to us to be not convincing at the time of the call, a fact which we shared with the callers.  Shortly afterwards, approximately a dozen reports were submitted from that area.  We have no way of confirming any of these reports.  PD));34.2252478260871;-119.029715217391
Chevron shaped black object flying low ans slow with no sound and appeard to have been pursued by 3 navy planes.;2003-06-12 17:30:00;5 minutes;Chevron shaped black object flying low ans slow with no sound and appeard to have been pursued by 3 navy planes. Observer:  Education - doctorate level.  Respected professional in education.  Event:  Happened near Pt. Mugu Naval Air Station.  driving S. on Lewis Rd., note 3 planes flying low along foothills of Santat Monica Mts.  Assumed they were Navy planes but were not like F-15's... Had more standard olane shape un terms of wings, tail, etc.  They  were flying west then veered around mts. to south and went out of sight.  Thought nothing of it other than, cool, a free air show, like the Blue Angels or something.  Then, looked to my left (east), and saw a large, low flying chevron shaped craft... black.  Moving slow.  Thought Stealth Bomber.  Because of low altitude and its distance, got a straight on view.  It appears completely flat on top, not cockpit like a stealth bomber.  It flew overhead.  No sound, but I was driving, so maybe I just couldn't hear it.   Could pull over (no shoulder), so turned off as soon as I could and parked and looked towards where it had been heading.  Nothing was there.  It had been flying E to W in about a 90 degree angle to Lewis Rd.  Assume it was  some aircraft I was not familiar with but....? ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate, apparently, even though the event allegedly had occurred just four days earlier.  PD));34.2252478260871;-119.029715217391
