Nightime Residential low flying black triangle captured on video.;2002-09-14 03:00:00;60 Seconds;Nightime Residential low flying black triangle captured on video. Leduc is a relatively small town with a population of around 15,000 situated just south of Edmonton. The area is dominated by residential housing, schools, religious centers and surrounded by farmlands. At roughly 2:45 am I decided to step outside for a breath of fresh air. The night was clear and windless. As I gazed upon the stars a grouping of them began to move. My first thought was that I was having a dizzy spell so I gave my head a shake and refocused my gaze upon the sky. I soon realized that I wasn’t dizzy at all when three points of light, forming a triangle made their way from south to north. The triangle of lights moved at a speed similar to satellites but unlike satellites this grouping changed directions 30 seconds into the sighting. The triangle began to move east. The object was either very large or very low and appeared to blot out passing stars. The object was completely silent. The lights on each tip were solid white but of very low intensity. There was a distinct impression that this object was doing its best not to be seen as it moved across the star field. As I realized what I was seeing It occurred to me that I should attempt to make record of the sighting. Very quickly I entered the house and grabbed my digital video camera. I returned to the front of the house and began filming the object as it made its way towards the northeast. I soon lost sight of the object behind a neighbor’s home and quickly ran to the backyard to resume filming. I was unable to find the object from that point on. Shortly after the object had disappeared a number of dogs in the neighborhood began howling and barking. This was all captured on video but the triangular formation of lights (or any stars for that matter) could not be resolved on film. I am willing to send you the footage in the hopes that you can somehow enhance what is there. Leduc is southeast of the Edmonton International Airport and I can tell you with the authority of living near the strip for over 10 years that this was NOT A PLANE and if it was it was heading in the wrong direction for a landing. The lights did not blink nor did they form any standard aircraft lighting array that I am aware of. The lights were not bright enough to be considered effective or safe landing lights. The bottom line is that the object in question was far too huge to be compared to anything I've seen in our local skies. It was more like the corner lights were used to camouflage the object into the surrounding star field. I consulted the Heavens Above satellite tracking system for my area (www.heavens-above.com) to attempt to confirm the satellite theory but there was nothing in the sky at that time that would even remotely account for a tight triangular formation I saw. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that the sighting may have been caused by the three NOSS satellites, but we do not know if satellites would be visible above Alberta at that time of the morning.   For positive identification of NOSS, we recommend the following website, to which we were only recently introduced:   http://home.earthlink.net/~sigma04/NOSS_UFO_Identification.html PD));53.2659;-113.5587
Two triangular aircrafts moving very hastily and quickly, one with a blinding light and the other with 3 lights in a triangular form.;2017-03-24 23:30:00;10-25 minutes;two triangular aircrafts moving very hastily and quickly, one with a blinding light and the other with 3 lights in a triangular form. I was looking over a barren field with my girlfriend, we both saw two triangular aircrafts with 3 blinking lights traveling in a very linear direction,  very soon after spotting the aircrafts, one split from the course and turned directly 180 degrees, flying the opposite way in which it had previously, whilst the second aircraft sat still.   The aircraft in which turned around, had a light turn on so bright it was blinding, and continued to do so until it had flown down and out of sight, whilst it was flying it was moving in a very wobbly motion as if it was moving up and down very hastily.   the second aircraft at this time, turned directly around aswell and flew toward the exact place the first aircraft had, except at extreme speeds and dissapeared quicly, but this second aircraft could be seen 15 minutes later around 11:43PM orbiting the area very far away,   there were no further sightings of either aircraft.;53.2659;-113.5587
