Large bright light in night sky, motionless, it did not belong in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius.  PD));2015-12-20 03:00:00;1.5 hours;Large bright light in night sky, motionless, it did not belong in the sky. December 19th, 2015. I went to bed as I usually do at just after 11:00pm. Because of a medical issue I get up often through the night.  It was at this point the date is technically now December 20th, 2015 3:00 a.m.  My staircase stops at the front door and out that door window I have seen the same night sky for a very long time now.  But this time there was an extra light out the door window pointing to the North West. I live in the country there are not lost of extra lights, we have very active night life of coyotes, deer, and many other animals.  This light I noticed was very bright, at first I thought maybe it was a planet but this object grew in brightness, grew extremely bright. But it was motionless and as I watch it a plane very far off blinking red light so I assume it was a plane far in the sky.  This other object was still motionless but what seemed to be too low in the sky to be a star also this was normally a blank space in the clear night sky.  There should not have been an object there and has not every night since.  I went back to bed after watching this object for about ten minutes.  Again the time is now approximately, December 20th, 2015 3:10 a.m.  I pass a stove clock on my night trip to the bathroom so I see the time each time I get up. I again got up as I do this time it was just after 4:00 a.m. December 20th, 2015 and I took notice that the object was gone not out the front door window North West.  This time I took a quick shower as I itch often so bad I need to shower just to be able to relieve the itching, it is all part of a recovery from a bone marrow transplant.  I got out and checked the time so I knew how long before my wife would be waking it would be Sunday Morning December 20th, 2015 when we got up and the sun was up.  So again it is almost 4:30 a.m. December 20th, 2015, I have to the South East a wall of windows and looked out to see is there was any snow falling?  No, still too warm, very unseasonably warm for the North where I am.  It is at this time I notice that object from the front door window is now out my South East Window, this is not the direction the stars or moon moves in as they travel the night sky, so this right off tells me there is something different about this object. I call to my wife upstairs to come down and take a look.  This object is so bright and motionless and again too low in the sky from the horizon perspective to be a planet or star and it is far brighter than all the other stars.  And now each night I look for this object, if it were something regularly in the night sky I expect I should see it but, I have not.  It was there it was very big and bright, to me it looked the size about what looked like a ¼ of the size of the moon which was not yet out as the full moon is still to come for this month.  Compared to other objects in the night sky this was huge and bright and did not move while I watched it.  I watched it for about 15 minutes this second time and it just got very bright then would get very dim, once it did seem to just go out but then came back on, this was a very white light in that is seemed to appear to be so white I could see other colors of the spectrum in it like neon green, yellow, very lite blue.  Today is December! 24th, 2015 and still no sign of it in the sky, I wonder was this my very first sighting?  I can-not explain what it was and it did not seem to belong there.  I will watch and look every night from here on out, and now am looking to get some form of telescope, I don’t really care to try and prove this to any but for my own fascination I want a better look.  To each their own.;43.6819999999999;-70.4694
