Seven low flying bright orange orbs flying north at 9:10PM.;2016-08-20 21:10:00;3 minutes;Seven low flying bright orange orbs flying north at 9:10PM My wife and I driving home from Watchic Lake in Standish @ 9:10PM, driving south on Rt. 25.  We had crossed the Standish/Gorham line and were about half of a mile from our next turn, when I (the driver) noticed very bright orange lights above and to our left just over and amongst the tree line.   I glance up a second time, and noticed how close and bright they appeared.  My wife noticed I was weaving slightly and I told her to look up to our left.  She was a little more concerned with my driving, but looked up and confirmed that she could see the orange lights.  I purposely started to count them and said I saw seven lights.   It was then that I realized that our turn was up ahead, so I stepped on it so we could turn left onto Spiller Rd and be facing the line of lights.  We pulled over, now watching as the lights were going from right to left fairly slow and steady but in a staggered formation.   I was telling my wife to take a video quickly while we could still see five of them, before they went behind the tree line.  She just got the new cell a few days before and was pressing buttons frantically trying to find the camera app.  I was pleading with her to hurry up because they were moving away, and by the time she took a picture there were just two of them.   The last orb seemed to speed up closer to the one in front of it.  I thought she got a video but she didn't.  As they flew out of view I hurried to get to the end of the road where the fields start and we would have an unimpeded view.   From time to time we caught a glimpse of bright orange light through the trees, but when we got to the field area we scanned the skies northward to our left but they had disappeared completely from our view.  The bright moon was in front of us to our right.   We drove to our daughter's house in Gorham to tell them and show them the picture.;43.6819999999999;-70.4694
