Three separate objects proceeding one by one towards the same direction.;2014-02-28 22:00:00;10 minutes;Three separate objects proceeding one by one towards the same direction. At approximately 10pm on Friday, February 28, 2014 my wife and I saw unexplainable lights in the sky. My wife alerted me to a strange light outside of our South-facing bedroom window that she said she had seen hovering for a few seconds, then slowly move West (to the right) and suddenly turn North East (tracking left).  I turned to the window and saw the object.  It was moving North East over Buxton.  It appeared to have a triangular shape with white and red lights, none of which were blinking.  It was very low in the sky, sometimes obscured by the trees even when looking from a high second story window.  We followed it from window to window and lost it behind the trees heading towards the direction of North Gorham or Windham.  It appeared to be either very close or very large.  It did not follow any route that I’ve seen other air traffic follow here.  A very soft rumble was audible, but I am not sure if it was emanating from the object.  Our observation of this object lasted about a minute.  As we watched the first object, I spotted a second object moving in an irregular manner.  It appeared more distant, or smaller it was just a spot in the sky.  It too was very low in the sky, peeking out from behind the trees.  We watched it appear to ascend behind the trees to the South East towards Scarborough.  As it very slowly ascended, it meandered back and forth to the left and right before it began to accelerate towards the left – Northward, in the direction that the first object had been going.  It very quickly reached what appeared to be a much higher speed than the prior object while still appearing to be very far away.  No shape or sound was discernible, but it the light appeared again to have white and red colors.  It disappeared behind the trees.  Total observation time of this object was under a minute. After standing there for several minutes looking to see if anything else would appear, we returned to the bedroom from the other side of the house.  Glancing out of the South-facing window, we again saw an object almost identical to the first and following a similar path.  This time, however, it was even nearer and one of the white lights was flashing.  It also moved more quickly than the first, or perhaps it just appeared to move more quickly because it was closer.  We followed it back around to the other side of the house again and watched it disappear in the same direction as had the first two objects.  No sound was audible this time. I’ve never seen anything like it before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));43.6819999999999;-70.4694
