Orange/red ball of light heading from S to the N the appearing to stop and change course leaving the atmosphere.;2014-06-14 01:20:00;1-2 minutes;Orange/red ball of light heading from S to the N the appearing to stop and change course leaving the atmosphere. Me and my fiance were sitting outside when a ball of light appeared from the south at the treeline heading north faster then anything I've ever seen in the sky.  During its path, the object changed color from orange to red constantly until it appeared to stop its northern progress and move away from the earth. It then appeared to start slowly fading in and out until it appeared to leave the atmosphere. No sound was heard by either of us from the object it was too far away, I'm assuming.;41.5271;-87.2533
Lights in the sky.;2016-05-20 21:00:00;15+ seconds;Lights in the sky.  My fiancé and I were driving down a back county road on our way home to Hobart.  The sighting posted of the Blue Taleh Restaurant with the three lights exactly sitting the way in the picture was what I seen.   One other sighting of this was about a month or two ago, my fiancé and I seen it again driving down State Road 51 SAME POSITION SAME LIGHTS.  We we're driving, so we didn't stop, but the whole time we watched nothing moved, nothing shinned brighter it just stayed.  I'm assuming no one would of really noticed because when you look you would mistake it for street lights in a distance, or just stars.  These weren't stars though they were more down to earth closer to us.  Two separate occasions, two separate places.  What really made me look into this site and get really over the top and start digging.   Last night 8/14/2016 4am, at my house.  I know the meteor shower was supposedly for August 11th, 12th, and 13th....  This wasn't a meteor, this wasn't a shooting star.  My eyes we not messing with me, and I know the image that is stuck in my head.   It wasn't normal, and I have never really believed so much into ufos or these crazy sightings till last night.  It was round, flat, light to it. like a yellowish tint the moon gets BUT LIGHTER, almost phantom like.  It moved so quick in an out of this cloud I mean so unbelievably quick.  It looks almost as if it had a light tracer too it.  It happened so quick, you almost thought your eyes where playing tricks.   I didn't hear a sound in the sky.  Not a plane, not a helicopter.   I can't tell you what it is that I saw, but I seen it.;41.5271;-87.2533
