I am reporting this as it has been a long time and has bothered me for quite some time.  I was about 7 or 8 at the time my parents and;1979-06-01 23:40:00;10-15 minutes;I am reporting this as it has been a long time and has bothered me for quite some time.  I was about 7 or 8 at the time my parents and i were traveling home one night and when we were close to home my father noticed some lights in a field ahead of us. as we got closer we could see a very large craft hovering above a field. We stopped and my dad says i am getting out to get closer and i said im going with you dad. we walked toward the object and got within 50 feet of it it was huge. I would say it measured about 300 feet in length and height wise was about80 to 100 feet. It was saucer shaped with windows going all around the middle.  I remember looking up through the windows and the inside was just the purest white i have ever seen as far as lighting goes. the outside was pure silver and underneath was a light that glowed. then i noticed figures coming up to the windows.  I started to get frightened and walked back to the car and stood by the passenger side by my mom and it appeared as though she was frozen i tried talking to her but she said nothing. i said come on dad lets go and he never answered me just stood in one place staring. then it took off made no sound but i heard like a rush of air as it moved at an unbelievable amount of speed and disappeared.  Then we got back in the truck and drove to our house on elk lake. After getting home we went into our basement and looked out over the lake and witnessed the craft hovering in the same spot , it had red and green lights emulating from the bottom. I remember looking at the clock and seeing that it was 12:00 midnight excactly.  My dad said he was going back and i said i was tired and going to bed.  We never talked about it the next day and went about our business as though nothing ever happened. Within the last 8 years it has been increasingly been on my mind and now being 32 i am curious as to what happened that night. I asked my mom about it and she says that i was in the car the whole time.  Thinking about the time i dont think it was that late, i mean my parents usually had me home in bed by 9 or 10 at the latest all the time .  I have since have repeated nightmares of being taken and am not sure what is going on.  I haven't really told anyone about this other than a very few close friends and fiance.  I cant say for sure that i am a recipient of an abduction but i know what we saw that day and i believe we had some serious missing time.  I would like to go under hypnosis but am scared of what i may recover from that day. ((NUFORC Note:  We have written the witness, requesting that his parents submit reports of their recollections, as well.  We will attempt to put him in touch with investigators, if he wishes to delve into the incident.  The date of the incident may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));43.058;-83.1718
