Three Bright Red Triangles sighted Twice in Colonial Heights;2012-12-23 00:30:00;30 minutes;Three Bright Red Triangles sighted Twice in Colonial Heights I live in Colonial Heights, VA, and have recently eye witnessed two unexplained UFO encounters.   FIRST ENCOUNTER: During the night before Christmas Eve - December 2012, I was driving down Branders Bridge Road and came to a stop at the Lakeview Avenue intersection.  I distinctly remember looking at the time on my cellular phone about five minutes earlier and it was 12:21 AM.  While approaching the stop sign, I spotted three large triangular objects hovering over the field of trees at the northwest corner of the intersection.  The three bright red glowing triangles were huge in size and were hovering very low to the tree lines.  It seemed as if I could literally reach out and grab them.  I then noticed the three objects begin moving at a steady buy slow pace north on Branders Bridge Road toward Swift Creek. Amazed at the whole situation, I began following the objects in my car down Branders Bridge Road.  As I am traveling northward up the road, the red triangular objects disappeared in and outside of the tree lines.  This section of Branders Bridge is curvy and heavily wooded.  As I approached the Swift Creek Bridge, I saw the red flying triangles hovering above Swift Creek and then In a Blink of an Eye they disappeared faster than light.  Puzzled, I drove further north up Branders Bridge Road and later cruised through the Sherwood Hills neighborhood in hopes of locating the red flying objects again.  To no avail, I did not locate these strange flying objects again.  I live a mere five minutes from the initial sighting location and the whole incident, including the long cruise, might account for 30 minutes tops however, it was exactly 2:22 AM upon pulling into my driveway!   SECOND ENCOUNTER: About two weeks ago, I was driving down Branders Bridge Road in the late hours around 2:30 AM.  There is a railroad track on Branders Bridge Road.  As usual, I always come to a complete stop before crossing any RR tracks.  When s! topping at the railroad crossing that night I saw the SAME thr! ee brigh t lava red triangular objects hovering yet very gradually moving north toward Chester.  The three triangular objects were hovering at a higher level above the trees (wooded area).  I quickly noticed another car on the opposite side of the tracks at an intersection just a quarter mile up.  The driver was obviously witnessing the same phenomena as me.  I drove toward the car and as I got closer they quickly took off toward Colonial Heights on the opposite side of the RR tracks and then stopped again.  All I wanted to do was roll my window down and ask them to confirm what I was witnessing.  I then noticed that the red triangular objects disappeared.  A bad feeling came over me and I immediately drove home and spent hours trying to rationalize the events which had taken place.  I never notified 911 dispatch in fear of being laughed at and not taken seriously.  I have been contemplating contacting the Colonial Heights or Chesterfield Police Departments to inquire whether or not! they have recent UFO reports on their blotters. ((NUFORC Note:  For some reason, witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));37.2718;-77.4028
3 white lights and a blinking white and red light hovering, then moving slowly.;2020-01-28 23:44:00;2-3 minutes;3 white lights and a blinking white and red light hovering, then moving slowly. Couldn't make out the exact shape.  3 white lights in a triangle shape, and a blinking white and red light as well.  Hovered stationary in the sky, then moved up slowly and got closer and closer to my house.  Then went on its way to the other side where I could no longer observe it.;37.2718;-77.4028
