strange and lonely light attracted the attention of two seperate groups of people as it flew overhead;2008-01-12 18:00:00;approx 3-5 min?;strange and lonely light attracted the attention of two seperate groups of people as it flew overhead Event: Jan 12 2008 approx 6: oo pm Location: Canonsburg, PA Shape:  triangle and/or light Witnesses:  3 in car + 2 strangers in a nearby parking lot  I wasn’t going to report this because the two other witnesses in the car with me do not claim to have seen exactly the same thing that I saw.  Then I explored the NUFORC site further and read an account regarding a possibly similar “translucent” craft close by over Pittsburgh reported to have happened during Oct of 2006.  Besides that the whole incident is just bugging me.  My daughter, a friend of hers, and I were traveling Pike Street towards the intersection of Rt. 980.  This affords us a view of the sky to the north of town and we can see part of Rt. 79N towards Pittsburgh.  The sky was overcast and a bit monotone with no visible stars.  It wasn’t dark yet.  As I slowed to stop for the intersection, a large white light appeared over the traffic light at a fair amount of distance and it just looked like an airplane that was headed straight towards us.  I noticed that there were no smaller lights to either side though and pointed it out to the teens.  They continued to watch it as we made our right turn and came to another stop a short distance away.  I was able to look out the driver side window and saw that the object was getting very close and was about to fly directly overhead.  After it passed over, my daughter pointed out a man and an adolescent girl close in a nearby parking lot pointing at the sky in the direction that the object had been headed.  I cannot begin to estimate the height accurately.  The object was under the clouds, not over them.  It was at an altitude that I would associate more with a small aircraft rather than a commercial passenger plane.  I heard no sound but the car windows were closed.  The traffic light changed and while I made the turn, my daughter continued to look for the object out of the passenger side window but did not locate it again.  When the object got closer before I had to react to the traffic light, I could see it more clearly and could eventually see the bottom of it.   I saw a large white center light surrounded by three smaller red lights within a silvery whitish outline of a triangle.  The outline gave the object an appearance of being “see-through.”  The lights were all rather muted and not exceptionally bright or glaring.  But I am the only one of us three that saw more than one light as it passed overhead.  When we discussed what we saw, the kids said that just a big white light flew over.  But I clearly saw more than that and I know I didn’t hallucinate.  Even a big white alone is rather unusual though.  There were no additional lights normally associated with an airplane and the teens are adamant about that aspect in their descriptions.   My daughter also remarked that it was odd that there were no other lights in the sky anywhere at the time of the sighting.;40.2692;-80.1611
three bright amber lights moving in unison;2020-03-06 21:35:00;3 minutes;three bright amber lights moving in unison Not really sure if it was a single triangular craft.  Saw three bright amber lights that appeared to be moving in unison.  Two fairly close together, and the other much farther apart from the first two.  Seen in the eastern sky.  Could have been three individual planes, however the lights did not seem to be blinking, and the oddest thing to me was the solid amber color.  Most planes I see are white lights with blue and or red blinking lights. After about 3 minutes they disappeared from view.;40.2692;-80.1611
