I was driving north towards wahoo on a highway from Lincoln and I noticed there was a very bright light above what look like Wahoo it w;2019-11-15 17:20:00;2 minutes;I was driving north towards wahoo on a highway from Lincoln and I noticed there was a very bright light above what look like Wahoo it was probably a little further but it was very bright and it was not moving and it was up there for about 2 minutes I looked at it a lot because it was so bright and so high in the sky and I looked at my phone for a few seconds and I looked up and it was gone.  The sky I looked at it a lot because it was so bright and so high in the sky and I looked at my phone for a few seconds and I looked up and it was gone. the Sky was dark enough that there was no way a light that bright so high in the sky could have disappeared that fast after it was not moving the whole entire time I was looking at it.;41.2093;-96.6141
One witness saw light formations evenly spaced and moving rapidly across the entire sky before disappearing.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-04-18 21:00:00;2 hours;On a motorcycle ride one witness saw light formations evenly spaced and moving rapidly across the entire sky before disappearing.  They rushed home and alerted me and a few others.  I grabbed my phone and filmed the even live on Facebook. They just kept appearing proximal to the direction of Venus when facing west. Dozens of small star sized lights continued appearing for about an hour. During one live video a light appeared to brighten and come toward me when my feed was interrupted. I started a new video when clouds began to roll in from the north and a humming sound began.  There was a sudden very strong gust of wind and it became very cold.  We continued to watch for another half an hour and witness many lights darting between gaps in the clouds.  We heard strange noises during this time including humming and very soft crackling sounds like tiny rain drops falling.  I am happy to provide the video that most clearly captured one of the lights.;41.2093;-96.6141
