A small amber colored light in the trees across a large draw in the mountains above Wallace, ID.;2006-07-15 22:00:00;Several hours;A small amber colored light in the trees across a large draw in the mountains above Wallace, ID. My little brother, best friend, and I were on a routine camping trip to the mountains above Wallace, ID one summer in July back in 2006.  We have camped at this location, an abandoned mine shaft, many times over several years.  We used to spend entire weekends up here and around most of the mountains in the silver valley exploring old buildings, mines, and hiking into the forest to find untouched ruins. After a day of exploration we settled at the campsite which is a large flat area out of a steep hillside created by the removal of waste rock from the adjacent mine shaft.  It has a view and we have traditionally shot clays over the edge because of the drastic drop off.  So we had a campfire, beers, dinner, music and just waiting for the stars to shine for a few hours.   Around 10pm or so, it is almost completely dark and I noticed a light glowing on the hillside across the valley or draw.   It was small but bright and amber in color.  It appeared to be near the ground or in the trees.  It did not light up the ground or the trees, it did not move, it made no sound.   We sat and reasoned about what it could be.  I am very familiar with the area and there are no roads or even trails on that side of the valley.  The hillside is quite steep with tall trees and loose talus, making a camp spot unlikely.  I also think we would have noticed people over there during the daylight. I tried to get a closer look with a rifle scope but my scope was not strong enough.  I did not shoot at the light for fear it was people or something more dangerous.  My brother, friend, and I were very spooked and decided to retire to the tent and sleep with our small arms for the illusion of safety. I woke up early before sunrise to pee and the light was gone. The next day, there was no trace of anything across the draw. We discussed the situation for hours the next day with no decent explanation. I will try to find a picture of the area where the light was seen, again, we have been to this spot at least 10 times over the years. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.4914;-115.9582
