Two large black objects fly over town ... 0nly 4 people observed them .....;1993-10-15 15:30:00;5 TO 10 MIN.;Two large black objects fly over town ... 0nly 4 people observed them ..... On are around Saturday October 15, 1993, as I was sitting in my living room talking to my dad, I happened to turn and look out the front door toward the west. It was approximately 3:30 pm in the afternoon on a beautifully clear fall day, I happened to notice what appeared to be a black object moving toward the north at a speed I would guess to be from the distance from where we were to be about 100 mph. It appeared to be about 500 feet above the ground. I quickly ran out the front door to get a better look, as my dad followed behind me. As we viewed the object from the street to get a better view, I shouted back to my wife to bring my binoculars out. When we arrive on the street, the object had almost slowed it's forward motion to a stop, and started a slow but steady upward motion to the south / southeast, but a more stright up motion than anything. As we were viewing this object, another object came across moving in the same northerly direction, about the same speed, but this one did not slow down or change direction. The objects appeared to be black in color, and from what I could see, ( as the objects appeared to be about a mile to a mile and a half from where we were ), each looked to be like two very big  black donuts  overlaping each other with something attached inbetween. They made no noise. The had no lights. The color was more than black, it was like the absents matter. My father and I viewed this one object through my binoculars until it accended out of sight, as a small black dot thousands of feet toward the Gulf of Mexico which is about 50 miles from our hometown. The rest of the story..... I call the Regional airport in Lake Charles, (a larger town just east of Sulphur) and ask to speak to someone in the control tower. Well to make a long story short, I was told that you could not talk to them, and So I then asked the person who had taken my call if he could ask them if they had spotted anything unusual on their radar. He called back to inform me that  even if they had, they could not tell me !!! But,they did give me a UFO hotline number to call. Well, I  called  and got a recording to leave information...which I did. I never received a return call on this. I guess in all, the most disturbing thing about this to me was the fact that it seemed that my dad, wife and my mother and I were the only ones that saw this that afternoon. The people that I told about it acted like  yea sure.... ???  Since then, I have been very selective with who I share this story with. NUTS right ??  My dad nor myself use alcohol or smoke. My dad is in his seventys and I in my fiftys. At the time I saw these, I guess one of my real concerns was that these could be some kind of remote controlled bombs floated in from the Gulf of Mexico, as we do live in an area with oil refineies and other plants. Of course, this took place before 911 in New York City and the government was not as alert as they are now.  Sincerely Sober, Lindal Herndon Sulphur, Louisiana;30.2078230769231;-93.4043769230768
Oval, shiny object very high in clear sky moving SE to NW.  ((anonymous report));2018-12-10 14:30:00;10 seconds;Oval, shiny object very high in clear sky moving SE to NW. While conducting a crane safety practical exam practice outside, I looked up at the ball on the crane and noticed an oval shiny object in the sky behind the ball.  I followed it as it moved from southeast to northwest and watched it go out of sight.  The sky was crystal clear and blue.  There was no vapor trail of any kind and the object appeared to be very high up. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));30.2078230769231;-93.4043769230768
