12 brilliant silver orbs surge from the cloud cover;2004-12-11 14:30:00;3 seconds;12 brilliant silver orbs surge from the cloud cover I was traveling south on Route 36 (Ocean Avenue) from the vicinity of Sandy Hook, NJ. It was approximately 2:30 p.m. on a Saturday afternoon with overcast skies. While driving, I happened to glance out my driver's side window at the sky over the ocean. At the instant I looked at the sky, I observed approximately 12 orbs of the brightest silver light I have ever seen. I could only describe the luminosity as being like that of liquid mercury--only many times brighter--and pulsating. These bright lights appeared to surge out of the cloud cover and pulsate in a formation of 3 stacked rows. The size of each orb was larger than a marble but smaller than a golf ball--if held at arm's length. Almost as quickly as the orbs appeared, they disappeared.;40.3386;-73.9815
Many strange red lights over Monmouth Beach;2009-04-05 20:00:00;1 hour;Many strange red lights over Monmouth Beach Sometime in early April, three of my friends and I were sitting on the beach around 8 pm when we noticed about 10 different strange lights that pulsated red and white, but not in any kind of sequence. They were out on the horizon and would all of a sudden flair up and become extremely bright, then slowly fade away, but not all at the same time, it was completely random. They would move left or right and sometimes drop altitude then ascend again, then hover in one position and fade out, then flair up again, and it started the sequence all over again. They looked like they would sometimes form a pattern. For example, two of the lights got into a straight line, but with some distance between them. Then they both moved away from each other, and then eventually faded away. Many of them did this randomly all around us, but mostly just in pairs. We saw a few of them seem like it dropped another light (aircraft) from under it. Also, we saw many planes fly over us so we were able to compare the lights and you could clearly tell that the lights weren’t any type of plane. This kept happening around us for about an hour then it seemed like all of a sudden they all disappeared. None of us can explain what we saw that night. I know what we saw wasn’t anything that I’ve seen on Earth, from any kind of vehicle. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));40.3386;-73.9815
