Mysterious Red-blinking Lights Appear and Disappear, After Hovering Stationary Over Busy Shopping District in Biloxi, MS.;2016-11-24 00:05:00;5 minutes;Mysterious Red-blinking Lights Appear and Disappear, After Hovering Stationary Over Busy Shopping District in Biloxi, MS. At around 10 minutes past midnight on 11/24/16, I left Diberville, MS Wal-Mart and was in the process of loading my groceries into my car, when one of the shopping cart retrievers said loudly:  Will you look at that?  What is that?  I immediately looked his way, which was to the north of the parking lot, and along with five other Wal-Mart employees (and maybe dozens of others we couldn't see in the area) were staring at what was at first glance, two stationary (hovering in-place) red, blinking lights.  Almost instantaneously, two others popped out of what appeared to be nowhere, in equidistant proximity to the first two. What was instantly apparent to me was the nature of the sighting, these lights weren't an airplane or any known aircraft that I could identify due to the nature of the lights.  They were silent, no apparent noise, they were stationary, as they didn't have a specific trajectory or path in any direction.  Also, the fact that they seemed to be blinking in unison and were hovering silently discounted the possibility of being any known aircraft.  We have an air-force base close by (Keesler AFB in Biloxi, ~ 6 miles from the sighting) from which land and take-off many C130 Air Force planes (Keesler is a home of the Hurricane Hunters).  Now, I've seen many a C130 land and take off at night, and the sighting pattern of what we seen last night was as different from a C130's profile as different could be. Then, almost as suddenly as these lights appeared, in twos, they disappeared completely from sight, in twos (there were four visible to us).  The whole incident lasted maybe 40 seconds to 1 minute.  Within 10 second of the UFO lights disappearing, the car alarms on four cars in the parking lot began to chime in unison, as if some kind of invisible beam and/or electromagnetic wave pulse triggered them.  One of the Wal-Mart employees then said in a spooked voice:  Something strange is goin' on here!  I agreed!;30.4419;-88.8959
