On way to work, parked car and upon exiting car observed a u.f.0. hovering at the far end of the parking lot ( no noise ).;1990-11-30 19:00:00;10 minutes;On way to work, parked car and upon exiting car observed a u.f.0. hovering at the far end of the parking lot ( no noise ). This is second hand info. provided by my sister who is a serious minded, responsible, and sober individual. We don't see much of each other but last week I visited her for a few days. My sister and I are very close and we talk freely with each other. As close as we are she reluctantly told me about her encounter with a u.f.o. the following is her experience: She had pulled into the parking lot of the V.F.W. where she had worked at that time ( keep in mind she is a non-drinker, as I have said she is a very responsible person)upon exiting her car she noticed a strange object hovering at the other end of the parking lot above a small patch of trees about 40ft. from her car. She told me that the craft was very large, but couldn't tell exactly what color it was because at that time of the evening the sky was dark. She told me that the disk shaped object had six very bright lights that flashed around the perimeter of the object as it hovered motionless and silently above the patch of trees. She told me that she stood and observed the craft for about ten minutes and the craft just sat there hovering, then to my amazement she told me that she turned and walked to the V.F.W. and unlocked the door and entered the building to prepare for her evenings work. I ask her if she didn't think it was strange to just turn and walk away from the strangest event that she will probably ever encounter in her life, her response was that she had work to do before the customers arrive. She told me that a few minutes later that she looked out a window of the building and the craft was gone. She told me that while standing and observing the object she was in awe but had no fear and she felt strangely calm. She also told me that didn't appear to have any time period that she couldn't account for. The mysterious part of the whole esperience is that Hollsopple is a small town and only one person that she knows observed the object and he was driving on a highway that was about two miles from the site where she was. As I said Hollsopple is a small town and I believe there had to be more eye witnesses, but my sister said that no one else had said anything except for a few phone calls to a t.v. station in Johnstown reporting a strange object that they had seen in the night sky. I am writing to you after conviced my sister that she should pursue this incident further. I've suggested going to a Hypnotist in the hope that he can bring out further detail about her experience. I guess the reason that i'm writing to you is to get some advice from an organization such as yours who are experienced in these matters.;40.2343;-78.9568
