Multiple objects of differing size and possible jet intervention seen in late evening sky over rural area of Ohio, early 1980's.;1981-08-15 23:00:00;20 minutes;Multiple objects of differing size and possible jet intervention seen in late evening sky over rural area of Ohio, early 1980's. I was going to bed late one evening and I noticed some lights in the distance through my bedroom window. My room was on the north side of the building and the window is a north facing window. The area where I lived was 2 miles north of town. Pop. 12,000 in the town, 40,000 in whole the county. As I approached the window to see what they were, I observed over 10 small lights which alternately flashed blue, green, and reddish orange. They all seemed to be moving in a hap-hazard manner. I then noticed further up in the sky a much larger elongated craft, this object had the same color lights around it with the exclution of of the reddish-orange. I noticed a steady white light on the bottom of craft off to one end. This white light was not flashing but appeared to be from an internal light source. The distance from my location seemed to be at least a half mile at other end of a valley. The larger object was stationary throughout the sighting till the very end. I aproximate the size to be at least 200 to 300 feet long and 75-100 feet accross. The smaller lights may have been 10-15 feet across. Upon seeing this i called my mother who was in her room adjancet to mine. She looked out her window and observed the same scene. The smaller objects began to move up to the larger craft and back down below the horizon. After 20-30 seconds i spotted the objects rising back to larger craft. After 8 to 9 minutes of this action, I heard a loud roaring sound. We noticed 2 objects heading toward the larger craft but they were different from the others. As soon as i noticed them the smaller objects started to disappear inside the larger craft. The larger craft began to move away from the approaching objects, slowly at first, then at a great speed till it disappeared from view. The approaching objects gave off a loud roaring sound that gave me to believe they were some type of jets. The pursuing objects suddenly had 2 large bright orangish white lights at rear, (I assumed afterburners). The large craft well out ! accelera ted the pursuing objects as they approached the area it occupied. After this sighting, my mother was quite un-nerved and had to sit down for 45 minutes to calm down. Side note: in the area it is very rural and only a few families lived in the area below the where the craft were spotted. Also the closest airbase is at least 80 miles to the west in Columbus, Ohio. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));40.0267999999998;-81.5773000000005
Possible Abduction (Ongoing);1993-07-15 00:00:00;Don't know;Possible Abduction (Ongoing) I was in the Air Force from 1982 till 1991.  My wife and I had tried to have kids the whole time while I was in the service but to no avail.  An Air Force physician had told us that we couldn't have any kids because my sperm count was too low.  I told him that I had suffered an injury ((deleted)) when I was a child.  He said that this was probably the reason why we couldn't have any children. One night in the summer of 1993 I had a nightmare and woke up the next morning in a cold sweat. For some reason I couldn't recall what I had dreamed and just shook it off.  I noticed a burn or boil ((deleted--in groin.))  A couple of days later I was mowing the grass and noticed three burn marks on the ground.  Each mark was circular and about 2 feet in diameter and blackened. I then noticed that the three circles formed a perfect triangle with about 30 foot sides. My wife can confirm this.  One of the circles was in close proximity to one of our blue spruce pine trees.  I thought that was peculiar so I grabbed my flashlight and squirmed underneath the tree.  On the trunk I found that the bark was burnt and a couple of small branches had been burned off. There was also some residue on the ground that resembled small chunks of yellow plastic.   This is not the end of the story.  Next month my wife missed her period. We did a home pregnancy test and found out she was pregnant with my daughter **** (Born April 1994).  **** is extraordinary.  She gets straight A's and has some precognitive abilities.  A very sensitive child. It's as though whoever put the burn marks on my privates, fixed whatever damage there was from childhood.  Last year **** came into our bedroom and asked to sleep with us because she was afraid. We said yes and the next morning she said that she woke up in the middle of the night,(she was laying between us), and said that four alien looking creatures were doing something to mommy and daddy.  Two on daddy's side and two on mommy's side.  She said that she got scared and put the blanket over her head and stayed that way till morning.  She did go on to say that they stepped through a door or portal and it had a bluish haze to it. It wasn't our bedroom door.  This makes me think that maybe the aliens are traveling through dimensions and not space.  Anyway, you might think that I'm totally wacko by now but I swear on a stack of bibles that this is the truth.  I told my parents about the facts and they laughed at me, so that's why I dropped the subject.  Please, if you print this story I don't want my name publicized for obvious reasons.  ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));40.0267999999998;-81.5773000000005
