Huge triangle craft hovering silently 40 ft. above highway 19-E. 6 witnesses, craft seemed to be aware of our presence.;1989-08-01 23:30:00;10-15 Min.;Huge triangle craft hovering silently 40 ft. above highway 19-E. 6 witnesses, craft seemed to be aware of our presence. Myself and 5 friends were headed home from a regional Fair in Grey TN. The Fair is about an hours drive from my home. It was just before midnight. The area in which we live is rural, and situated in the Blue Ridge Mountains. There is a stretch of Highway 19-E between Hampton, TN and the TN-NC state line that winds through an area with very few homes, no homes or businesses at all in some places. The road is a narrow, 2 lane in most places with no street lights. I was driving, my Aunt was in the passenger seat, and three of my friends were in the back seat, 6 of us total were in the car. The evening had been one of too much cotton candy, corn dogs, and oversized stuffed animals won at overpriced games of skill! We were driving along,everyone was laughing and talking at the same time, the radio was playing. Each person, trying to outshout the other. There was basically no traffic at all on the road as it was getting late, at least for most people in this area. We were only about 7 minutes from my house when we rounded a curve and saw what appeared to be a highly illuminated area in the road ahead, I was the first to notice, and it took a few seconds to put together what was happening. I slowed and realized that the road was illuminated...from above. I looked up and could not believe my eyes, by this time everyone had fallen silent and I came to a complete stop in the middle of the road. Hovering about 40-50 feet above and in front of us was what I would describe as a textbook UFO. For anyone who has never seen a UFO, it is almost impossible to describe the feelings/emotions that you experience. Your logical mind says impossible, you're dreaming, hallucinating, whatever, but it can't be real, and yet there it is. It's overwhelming. Above us was a HUGE, black, triangle shaped craft with slightly rounded corners. On each of the three points it had very bright hallogen type lights shining straight down, and the front light seemed to have the ability to aim it's beam somewhat. There may have been a few very small lights of other colors (a couple of my friends said they saw them, I cannot say that I saw anything but the three large white lights). The craft was hovering, and was completely silent. There was no sign of air displacement or means of flight whatsoever. The craft swayed and bobbed slightly like a mylar balloon in a still quiet room, just very slight movement. I put the car in park and looked around to see everyone in the car stretching to the nearest window for a view with their mouths hanging open, and a look of astonishment on their faces. What stands out the most in my mind in how utterly silent everything had become. As if by instinct, I turned to open the door to get out and my Aunt grabbed my arm and said NO SIR...you're not getting out of this car!! What is that thing? You could get killed! I told her it was fine, and when everyone saw that I was getting out, they too decided to do the same. Carefully, as if we were sneaking up on something, we opened the doors of the car (all but my Aunt),and we stepped out of the car. There was not a single cloud in the sky, nor any sign of traffic, wind or sound....it was eerily silent. Time stood still for us at that point. Whether the craft was truly observing us, or if it just appeared to be, we stood there looking up at this thing drifting ever so slowly towards us, looking back, it must have looked like an Old West standoff! Several minutes passed of staring up at the enormous otherworldy machine, and then glancing at each other. Not a single word was spoken by any of us, except the occasional plea from my Aunt to get my A-- back in the car and lock the door! After some time, I suddenly had the thought to reach inside and toot the car horn. The very SECOND I did so...the craft rose straight up about 15-20 ft. and shot straight back over us and disappeared over the tree tops. We all jumped back in the car and did a sharp U-turn and drove as fast as I could in the direction of the craft. We were able to follow it probably 7 miles or so before it picked up speed and disappeared over the hilltop. The rest of the drive home was a mix of emotions... from disbelief, to laughter, to what should we do?...who should we tell? To this day, none of us can explain what we saw, nor have we ever witnessed anything else that compares. I have a couple of times since seen things that made me wonder, and mysterious lights that seemed to have abilities beyond human technology, but NOTHING to hold a candle to what happened to us that night. I have always said how glad I am that I was not alone that night. Having 5 other witnesses makes it so much more solid. I understand the people who disbelieve, or have reservations on this subject. Looking back over what I have written tonight, it sounds so unreal. It WAS unreal, believe me. There are certainly a lot of hoaxes and misinformation out there, sad to say. I can assure you however, if you ever have an experience like we had that August night, your world will change. If there is one thing that I can say with the deepest, most sincere conviction of my heart...my friends and I saw something that is not a part of this world and time as we know it. Spacecraft from another planet? Time travelers? Beings from another dimension? I wouldn't even begin to speculate, but let me assure you of this one thing, without ANY reservations or hesitation, WE ARE NOT ALONE AND ARE BEING VISITED AROUND THIS PLANET EVERY DAY. That, my friend, is an absolute certainty.;36.1646;-81.9639
