Saucer lights up farmhouse, tree, and puts on a light show for two unsuspected teenagers.;1991-05-10 02:00:00;10 minutes;Saucer lights up farmhouse, tree, and puts on a light show for two unsuspected teenagers. I was approximately 18 years old at the time.  (I am now 33 years old) My male companion and I were driving down an old country road, where we stopped off for a little car talk session, as we were having fun that night.  I turned of the car lights, but left the radio on.  Then the radio station started messing up and completely stopped.  I looked over at my friend, who at the time was approxiamately 17. I looked in front of the car and there was, what appeared to be a very bright street light about 100 feet in front of us.  I asked my friend if they had a new street light installed because it was bright.  He said no.  Then, I looked again, and the light had moved positions.  It was now hoving over a rural farm house that we had stopped by.  I asked him if the light had moved positions, and he laughed at me.  We both looked again, and it moved a third time.  This time it was hovering over a tree.  The house and tree looked bright as day.  The light was so bright that it was like putting a spot light right on them.  Only in a big way.  We both continued to watch the object as there was absolutely no sound, yet it moved.  I'm not sure that whoever was flying the craft realized that we were in the car watching, but we didn't move.  We watched the object come closer and we started getting very scared.  It came very close and we got a very detailed description.  The object was a grey-metallic color, it was saucer shaped.  It had what appeared to be tiny windows in the middle of the saucer, going all the way around it.  The object just hovered there and then it happened.  They turned on the lights.  Oh what amazing lights.  They were almost irridescent in color.  Red, Yellow, green, blue.  I could almost see like a fuschia pink/purple color in there.  Like a christmas tree with flashing lights.  Only they flashed the lights so fast that I couldn't keep up with the color changes.  My friend was punching me in my leg and screaming to drive, but all I could do was put my face in the windsheild and! say, L ook at all the pretty colors.  Then I saw what seemed to be an almost transparent dome on the bottom of the saucer.  It was like a golden amber color.  I thought that maybe the bright lights were coming from that.  I mean the bright white light over the house and tree.  The dome wasn't very big at all.  Matter of fact, I would have never noticed it unless the thing was so close.  It was approximately 1 acre away, just hovering.  It was as close to me as my neighbors house is today.  I was completely mesmerized. Then, approximately 5 minutes after the last move and light show, it just stopped all lights and moved to the south as fast as it could.  It was gone in a flash, and I was shaken.   Of course, it was a very big ordeal and I told my parents about it immediately.  I stayed home from school for a while that week, as I was a senior in high school, and was very confused about the situation.  My friend had gone to school and when I went back, he had told people at school what we had seen.  I was embarrassed about it because I didn't want people knowing what we had seen.  I didn't want people to make fun of us about it or ask any questions.  Now that I'm older, I've learned to deal with this situation much better.  If anyone at the center has seen anything remotely close to what I've encountered, please let me know.  Curious. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));40.7494;-86.0686
Object over Indiana.;2004-04-08 00:30:00;3-4 min;Object over Indiana. This is the first time I have been to your web site and decided to visit after listening to coast to coast last night. I decided to file this report after seeing other reports about an object that was sighted on April 8, 2004 near Rochester IN. I am a truck driver and was traveling northbound on US 31 between Peru and Rochester IN when I noticed a series of amber lights approximately 100 ft above the ground traveling east at a slow rate of speed. At first I thought it may be a commercial or military aircraft because of my proximity to Grissom Air Base, however, as the object grew closer it looked as if the front was rounded or oval shaped. I slowed my truck and the object passed just behind me making no discernable noise. I began to speed up and I noticed the object had changed its direction, now moving towards the north northeast gaining altitude until it dissappeared in the clouds. When I got home a few hours later I told my wife what I saw and never thought anything more about it until this morning when I saw the other reports. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other reports from apparently same event.  PD));40.7494;-86.0686
