UFO - 15 feet away and scared to death.;1991-08-15 01:00:00;15 minutes;UFO - 15 feet away and scared to death. Presently, I am a 31 year old female with two college degrees.  I was a senior in high school during this encounter.  My boyfriend and I were parked along side of a country road talking.  We saw what appeared to be a bright street light, but then it moved. We watched it hover above a farm house and then a tree, radiating a bright white light from the bottom of the craft.  Then it moved towards us slowly.  It was about 15 feet from us and we were scared to death.  The craft was a gray silver metallic color.  In the middle was a band of lights.  The lights turned on and it was like the most profuse pinks, purples, reds, blues, greens.  The lights were astounding.  Then the lights stopped.  We could see the shape of the craft, where the lights came from and on the bottom there seemed to be a golden dome that was transparent in nature.  We assumed the bright white light over the farm house and tree came from this transparent dome.  We watched the craft hover with a slight hum, but nothing loud or distinct in nature.  Then the craft started moving away from us and it disappeared over a line of trees in the distance.  I was to afraid to turn the car back on because I was afraid of it coming back.  I had my face plastered to the windsheild watching this amazing site.  I'll never forget the bruises my boyfriend left on my legs begging me to start the car and leave.  I wonder if it were just some new aviator craft from the Grissom Air Force Base or was it some governmental project unbeknownst to the public, but what I saw with my friend that night, was nothing that the public would take lightly.  I've never reported my sighting until now.  I will never forget my experience.  If there really are little grey people, I came too close for my comfort, if you get my drift.;40.7494;-86.0686
Slow moving silver egg-shaped unidentified flying object observed from my front porch twice::::very concerned!!!;2000-06-02 00:00:00;4-1/2minutes;Slow moving silver egg-shaped unidentified flying object observed from my front porch twice::::very concerned!!! this is the second time in 1 year I have seen this same exact kind of object! the object is a silver shaped egg, that has 1 visible light, the color of the light has the same color characteristics of a cool-blue headlight.  the first time was during the afternoon, this second time was shortly after midnight, I am rather convinced that this object has a purpose for I spotted it from the same location, my front porch, I am positive it is not a weather balloon, for both times I used my binoculars,  I am submitting this, because I feel this could end up having a pattern, and feel it should be payed attention to...   The object moved in a slow, what appeared to be slow moving, and i observed it until it was out of my view...;40.7494;-86.0686
