big luminous yellow light in sky that fades and then produces 3 more that blink and fade out;2003-01-14 20:00:00;15 min.;big luminous yellow light in sky that fades and then produces 3 more that blink and fade out I will try my best to tell this as i  can recollect. I left my home in Wabash, Indiana at  approximately 8:00 p.m. en route to Kokomo,In. to see my girlfriend. I was on bypass 24 east around the area of the city Peru gazing up at the sky  in front and to the sides of  the vehicle. Plenty of stars were out and i always notice venus, which i know is commonly mistaken for ufo's. Well, after about 20 minutes i notice to the upper left corner (drivers side) a luminous bright yellow light of significant size glowing and just hovering there like i've never seen before. I would guess it to be just a little above a radio tower in it's reference to height in the sky.This yellow light had definately captured my attention to the fullest. Ok, so trying to drive and keep my eye on it without accident, it faded out for maybe a minute before glowing again. It did this a couple of times for reasons i don't know before 3 more of the same size lights appeared to  what would be the right of  whatever it was. These other 3 yellow lights (which  were all in the same size)  luminated in what i would describe in junction to the original light as going up in a quarter moon fashion. They stayed on only briefly before giving  what i'm calling a blink in order from the first yellow to the fourth yellow and then it was done. I did turn left on county road 550 to try and get closer if not locate it after it faded but had no results. I have to admit that i am a believer in the ufo phenomenon and when i witnessed this it really made me nervous! It is really hard to say exactly where it was, but i do know that it was close to the Grissom Air Force Reserve Base in Bunker Hill, Indiana (roughly about 10 miles from where i was at the time) to make me wonder if it was montoring activity if any  going on there. I did notice a reasonalbe amount of airplanes around so i knew i could dismiss the fact that it wasn't a plane. The planes were much smaller and appeared to be higher.  After i reached my destination i told my encounter to my girlfr! iend wit h her knowing my interst in this she could tell that i was shaken . I never reported this to any law enforcement, media or the base, but now i wish i would have. I don't imagine they could have giving me any answers because there are a  lot of skeptics, but i need someone to know that understands just what so many people are witnessing on a astonishing basis. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));40.7494;-86.0686
level points of light that dissapeared.;2005-01-14 18:15:00;15 seconds;level points of light that dissapeared. On Friday evening 1/14/04  I saw three objects that were unlike anything I had seen before. I was on Indiana SR24 just to the Southwest of Wabash heading toward Peru Indiana and US31. It was dusk behind me and still light ahead of my in the west.  I saw what I first thought was a star. It was 30-35% and bright. It caught my attention because it was brighter than the brightest star in the night sky, but it was still daylight ahead of me. I noticed another star like it immediately to my right. The second object was like the first and equally bright. It was level with the first object. At that point I realized that I was seeing something far out of the natural.  A third object appeared to the left of the first object. It faded in and went from being unnoticeable to gradually increasing in brightness until it was a bright as the other two objects. It was level with the original two objects. When it reached the brightness of the original two objects all three disappeared. All three objects were white like a star.  I wondered if the lights could be attached to a power line( making them level) near an airport. I drove on 24 for miles and the lights didn't reappear nor did I find a power line. Several minutes after I saw the lights I saw the lights of an aircraft in the same area. I wondered if it might be looking for what I had seen. the lights I saw did not appear to be aircraft, they had not flickering lights of chem trail.  I submit this report anonymously.;40.7494;-86.0686
This has cured me of my scepticisim;2009-01-13 19:12:00;47 minutes;This has cured me of my scepticisim Three round balls of light, in a southeasterly direction from our home. These lights were flashing red to blue. The items were also stationary as we could see military aircraft flying in the vacinity of these lights. The wind out of the wnw at 10 knots and we can hear a hilo turbine and rotor. Rough estimation of distance is within 5 nautical miles. Tried to reach family in the Marion and Wabash areas, and was unsuccessful in getting other witnesses.;40.7494;-86.0686
Red light formation over Grissom ARB Indiana;2013-07-04 21:50:00;15 minutes;Red light formation over Grissom ARB Indiana At approx. 2150 while watching fireworks on the old Grissom ARB housing area, myself, my 15yrold daughter and a neighbor saw 4 very Bright Reddish colored lights traveling north approx. a mile away and at about 1500 feet altitude, they were in a semi V formation, and they were not traveling vary fast, maybe 60 plus Mph, the weather was overcast,70 degrees and about 2mph wind from the east,  and lots of fireworks going off in the area, yet the craft(s) made no sound. I had my daughter try to Video the objects, she did get some video of them, I went in the house to grab a pair of binoculars, I turned on the Flight Aware website for Grissom and the Live ATC, there were not aircraft noted on it in the immediate vicinity at the time and No ATC chatter. I returned outside, and could still see 3 of the objects now headed west, and beginning to disappear, as if the lights were fading or possibly turning off, we then lost sight of them at approx. 2205. No other aircr! aft were noted during the observation. Noted that as the Objects approached the fireworks stopped for a couple of minutes then resumed as the objects passed overhead.  I am a 58 yro Retired Astrophysicist, served in both Army and Marines in Law Enforcement, as well as being a Private Pilot. My daughter is 15, neighbor also witnessed the objects, and maybe a number of people in the area as there were a lot of people shooting off fireworks at the time. I did call the sheriffs dept they had no other reports of this at the time.;40.7494;-86.0686
A bright orange light with blue-ish white middle was observed launching upwards into the sky while driving home on a clear night.;2021-02-15 19:00:00;7 minutes;A bright orange light with blue-ish white middle was observed launching upwards into the sky while driving home on a clear night. I am a 23 year old Father of 1 and stepfather of 1 with my lovely GF. My employment history is spotty, so in my free time I study greatly on medical uses of drugs, ufology and the registered close encounters, crimes/detective work and so forth. At the time of this incident I was returning from a friends house located 15-20minutes from where I live. At the time of this incident I was alone and seen no other drivers on the road. It gets dark very fast here in the winter but you could make out every single star and constellation with ease this night. No cloud. No tree lines as my hometown is surrounded by cornfields. I’m very familiar with planes, what they look like at night, and sound like due to living only a 20minute drive (max) from Grissom Air Force Base all my life. This was no plane or anything of human made origin.  The singular object was very bright orange (with a hint of blue-ish white in the middle) ball of light that sat in the sky. I first noticed it after going from a 4-way stop.  Half way through my drive home. I paid no attention at first, thinking it was someone flying a drone nearby or was just a bright star. I continued my drive and realized the object was keeping pace in front of me but was at a great distance away, easily 500-600ft away and had an elevation of around 8-10,000ft. I then slowed my speed 55mph to 30mph (no other cars around on the road) so I could get a better look at what I was seeing. The object then seemed to rotate, which I then seen the blue-ish white color in the middle. This is about 5-6minutes into seeing the object, time seemed like it was at standstill. I felt like I was being watched. I continue driving but keeping my eye on the object. After I got back up to 55mph and only a few minutes away from home, I seen the ball of light jolt itself to the r! ight of about 35ft. Stop. Jolt upwards of I’d say 50-100ft. The blue-ish white in the middle became slightly bright, then the object launched itself upwards and disappear, faster than I ever seen anything go in my life. No sound. No booms from the fast speeds. I finished my journey home and instantly told my Girlfriend about it. I grabbed our binoculars to try and see if I could locate the object and seen nothing but stars.  To this day I am for certain I did not see a plane or human made craft, but something truly otherworldly.;40.7494;-86.0686
