Strange lights!;2005-02-18 19:45:00;1-2 minutes;Strange lights! As my daughter and I were coming home we BOTH saw in the sky a set of 3 different sections of lights close together, consisting of about 2-3 different lights in each section.  Colors of red and yellow, maybe blue too, can't remember- we watched them trying to figure out if it was a plane or what and then all of a sudden the lights just went out!!  Very Strange- and would've thought my mind was playing tricks if my 8 year old hadn't seen it to.  I am a professional and I AM NOT making this up!  I would love for someone to tell me what this was!!  The other wierd thing was a truck was coming rom the opposite direction and his lights kept flashing on and off, don't know if he/she was trying to get my attention or if it was electrical interference?  No trouble with my vehicle though.;40.7494;-86.0686
A Really Wild Full Moon Night;2005-02-24 01:00:00;3 Hours;A Really Wild Full Moon Night At 1 am my 8 month old woke up screaming crying. I went into her room and began to rock her back to sleep. As I was rocking her I noticed an engine noise outside. I dismissed it thinking it was my mind playing tricks on me so late at night. Once I got her back to sleep I went back to my room and thought I saw a shadow in the doorway to the bathroom. I got a sudden fear and turned on the lights nothing was there. I again dismissed it thinking it was a shadow. About 3 am my older daughter age 6 came into my room I asked her if she had a bad dream. She said no  there was alians and ghost all around her bed. As she began to tell me the story I asked her if it was a dream she said no, it was real, She continued to tell me the story and then started to say it was a dream. I'm am sure this was all just a silly night with our imaginations running wild. But it was enough for me to think about it more then once. Just as an FYI I was not aware of any tv show until the next day when I was telling my friend about it. She asked me if we watched the show. Thinking it was our minds playing tricks. I know this sounds so far fetched to me also. And I can't believe I am even typing it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));40.7494;-86.0686
