White light moving at very high altitude from SW to NE.  ((NUFORC Note:  ISS was visible at this time.  PD));2010-07-15 22:50:00;4 min;White light moving at very high altitude from SW to NE I stepped outside to put the trash to the curb at 10:30 this evening and was enjoying a lovely evening I noticed a star like point of light moving across the sky, far too high for a commercial aircraft.  I assumed it was a satellite traveling from the SW to the NE but when I went in the house after viewing for about four minutes time in which it traveled from my one o’clock to my nine o’clock  I could not find where any satellites where scheduled to cross overhead during this time, I do not know what it was if it was not a manmade space vehicle. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS was visible at this time.  PD));45.2816;-123.0108
Two round red lights in the night sky in Oregon.;2019-01-01 21:30:00;10-15 minutes;Two round red lights in the night sky in Oregon. I was facing South in my backyard when I saw two round red lights moving from South to North, I watched them for about five minutes.  They were less than 30 degrees above the horizon.  There was no moon and these lights were brighter and larger than any star in the sky or a passing airplane.  They appeared to be coming towards us because they were getting brighter in red color. The first occurrence was two red lights moving together, one in the lower right position and the other in the upper left flying fairly close to each other. After getting brighter, the lower right one dimmed quickly and then turned white before disappearing.  About two minutes later the upper left one did the same thing.  This was repeated in the second occurrence. The second occurrence, happened about five minutes after the first occurrence completely disappeared.  They followed the exact same pattern. There was no pattern to the pulsing of the red lights. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with the source of the report, and found him to be quite eloquent and sober-minded.  We suspect that he is an excellent, and reliable, witness.  PD));45.2816;-123.0108
