Five Dancing Dots;2005-04-09 13:00:00;3 minutes;Five Dancing Dots Let me start off by saying that I am (was) not a believer in this stuff. But, what I saw yesterday was unreal. I stepped out on my deck because it was a very nice day, not a cloud in the sky. We have a large amount of air traffic in my area and I enjoy watching the various jets fly by.  Yesterday there was a jet that was lower than normal and it caught my attention. As I was watching this jet, I notice what I first thought were five birds swirling around. It didn't take me long to realize these were not birds. In fact, they were shinny dots. I thought, What the heck is that?  These things were not moving across the sky, they were staying in one general area. Then they went from this swirling dance into a perfectly straight line. It was at this point that I knew for sure what I was seeing was not balloons or birds or planes or helicopters or anything I had ever seen before.  OK, now they have my attention. From the straight line one of the dots just vanished. The remaining four spread out across the sky and formed a perfect square and drew the square tighter until they were close to each other again. Then another one of the dots just vanished and the three remaining formed a straight line again. They then spread out across the sky again to form a perfect triangle.  I ran into my house to grab my video camera at this time. I think I was back outside in about 10 seconds. When I returned, they were doing the same thing they did with the square. Going from a large triangle down to a very small one at which time they broke it off and danced around each other again. Then two of the dots vanished. The remaining shiny dot just stayed in position for about 20 seconds, It darted back and forth for a few more seconds and then just took off into oblivion.  That's what I saw. It was real, it was there and I can't believe it. I have no explanation for what I saw, but I saw it. I don't know if I got anything good on video. They were VERY high up and very small. I could not see then in my video camera's tiny view finder. I am going to watch it today.  Total event time: about three minutes. I will spend the rest of my days wondering what it was I saw yesterday. I am mystified.;42.6584;-83.2363999999999
