September 16, 2020---  On this night, at approximately 2:00 am, I was laying in bed with my 9 year old son in our “apartment&quot on m;2020-10-04 00:00:00;Sept 16 to current;September 16, 2020---  On this night, at approximately 2:00 am, I was laying in bed with my 9 year old son in our “apartment&quot on m September 16, 2020---  On this night, at approximately 2:00 am, I was laying in bed with my 9 year old son in our “apartment on my best friends 23 acre property. I kept seeing a light flashing outside the window. It looked as if someone was outside checking stuff out and every once in a while I would get a beam of light almost directly on my window. So I started to shine my cell phone flashlight out the window, basically telling whoever it is that I’m aware they are outside. After doing this off and on for about 5-10 minutes, it stopped but seemed awfully bright outside for a foggy september night. So I opened the curtain and this mechanical figure flew down from the corner edge if the roof and turned to expose itself to me. Before it got one to my window, the big chicken that I am, I closed the window. The next day I had asked my friend if there was a light outside that building that I was unaware of, I knew there wasn’t, but I had to be sure. They confirmed there was not. I thought nothing of it. I though it was the neighbors messaging around, so I didn’t think anything of it. About 3 or 4 days go by and by this time Im sleeping in the main house, again I’m a chicken, with my exboyfriend/current boyfriend. I didn’t want anyone to mess with me or my child, so I slept where I’ve always felt safe. Anyways, I’m laying in bed, its probably 1:30 and I see this light outside, almost a flashlight, but it was too high, too bright and moved smoothly. I’d assumed it was a drone. It was checking out my friends property. So I stare at it, suddenly my vision becomes distorted and everything is black. I wake up my boyfriend and he sees nothing, ofcourse. A week goes by and I see this thing everynight and from what I can tell, it does the same thing every night, but I think it has a “watcher drone or thing. I say this for many reasons, one mainly because whenever I would try to show someone this thing, the light outside shuts of instantly. Either it is telepathic or someone is very close paying attention being a distraction maybe. We put up game cams and al! l 3 cameras stop recording video between the times this thing is here. It doesn’t show anyone shut it off at all. Maybe it has a camera distortion deal. There is so much more detail that I really do not have time to explain. This is the jist of it. Idk if its government or alien. But whatever it is, its very very intelligent. To be completely honest, it hasn’t hurt anyone or anything, it hasn’t stolen anything. Everyone is this house is nothing big enough for any government to want anything to do with or investigate. The property is beautiful, but that’s not a reason to sneak and hide in the middle of the night. I’m scared for my life and my family and for our home. I’m a little tech savvy, but I don’t have the equipment or funding to do any further investigating. This thing has stumped us and our only form of security.;46.0673;-123.206
