An object similar in size and brightness to Venus higher in altitude and slightly south that hooveredand simply vanished;2018-05-03 20:45:00;5-7 seconds;An object similar in size and brightness to Venus higher in altitude and slightly south that hooveredand simply vanished Approximately 8:45 PM on May 3, 2018, between the towns of Chilhowie and Saltville, VA, my two sons, ages 11 and 17, witness something amazing.  As they were facing west  (slightly southwest)  they saw Venus with a very similar object nearby.  It was slightly higher altitude and just to the south.   Both of them were immediately confused.  They are very familiar with the night sky and  are used to seeing the one bright object.  They knew they had never seen two similar objects in those positions before.  They observed both objects for at least 5 to 7 seconds.   Then the object that was higher in altitude and slightly to the south simply went away.  I was driving the car  and could not look to see the objects, yet they were narrating the experience the entire time.  Their reaction was quite earnest and not dramatic in anyway.  They obviously had the same experience simultaneously. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and she seemed to us to be quite serious-minded.  She seemed quite familiar with the positions of visible planets, at the time of the sighting.  PD));36.8958;-81.7396
An object similar in size and brightness to Venus higher in altitude and slightly south that hoovered and simply vanished.;2018-05-03 20:45:00;5-7 seconds;An object similar in size and brightness to Venus higher in altitude and slightly south that hoovered and simply vanished Approximately 8:45 PM on May 3, 2018, between the towns of Chilhowie and Saltville, VA, my two sons, ages 11 and 17, witness something amazing.  As they were facing west  (slightly southwest) they saw Venus with a very similar object nearby.  It was slightly higher altitude and just to the south.   Both of them were immediately confused.  They are very familiar with the night sky and  are used to seeing the one bright object.  They knew they had never seen two similar objects in those positions before.  They observed both objects for at least 5 to 7 seconds.  Then the object that was higher in altitude and slightly to the south simply went away.   I was driving the car  and could not look to see the objects, yet they were narrating the experience the entire time. Their reaction was quite earnest and not dramatic in anyway. They obviously had the same experience simultaneously.;36.8958;-81.7396
