Giant white 'Sparkler' wedged in tree during snowstorm;2001-01-30 22:00:00;20-30 minutes;Giant white 'Sparkler' wedged in tree during snowstorm Sorry, I don’t remember the exact date because this happened about 5 years ago…  I was driving along the road around the lake near Independence, Kansas about 10pm or so. It was snowing steadily. I was looking for a place to park and sleep as the next day I wanted to track deer in the new fallen snow. There were no other tracks in the snow so I am sure I was the only person to witness this event. As I passed along the edge of the lake (about 100 yards from the road, right on the shore of the lake), I saw a very bright white light in the upper branches of a tree (maybe 25-30 feet off the ground) across the field. The trees, of course, were bare at that time of year, so I could plainly see the branches both in front of and behind whatever this thing was due to the light. I first thought that it must be a broken power line due to the heavy snow, but I couldn’t see any power line. It wasn’t moving at all, just flashing in the same position in the tree. I only saw a brilliant white light flashing intensely, very similar to a 4th of July sparkler. I didn’t see any flame or sign of fire, which was strange as it seemed to be lodged in the tree branches somehow. I would say the whole ‘thing’ was about the size of a basketball or slightly larger. I drove down the road and managed to turn around. I came back and stopped the car (same position as before) to watch the light. Finally, after about 10 minutes, I decided to investigate. I opened the car door, felt the cold air, and quickly reconsidered. I was either too lazy or scared to hike over the snowy field to get a better look. I regret that to this day because later I found out there was no power line along the side of the lake. I didn't return the next day to investigate either... ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.2304;-95.7004
Bright starshaped objects began moving at random, brightly illuminating and becoming 3 lights, with the other 2 the lesser lights;2017-07-16 03:00:00;2.5-3 hours;Bright starshaped objects began moving at random, brightly illuminating and becoming three lights, with the other two the lesser lights The encounter occured early Sunday morning, on July 15, while fishing on the Verdigris River, near Independence, Ks.  My fishing buddy and I, while catfishing out in a boat, caught sight of a single bright star-shaped light, which began moving at will in all directions side to side, up and down, and with either, a bouncing motion or in a straight line.  Also, the object was able to brighten and dim itself at will.  And after watching for about an hour, two more lights appeared, one on each side of the first.  They also began moving randomly, and sometimes in sync with the first, but were the lesser of the first light.   The time line of the entire encounter was approximately 2 1/2 to 3 hours, until sun completely rose.  As daylight appeared the first light, first object, shined bright and did not dissipate with the other stars.  It vanished when we both looked away for brief time and as we looked back again it had vanished.;37.2304;-95.7004
There were four lightsin the sky that appeared to be chasing each other;2019-12-11 17:45:00;90 seconds;There were four lightsin the sky that appeared to be chasing each other It was about 5:45 pm on Wednesday, December 11, 2019, in Independence, Kansas. I was driving to the Independence High School at 10th and Oak st for an event.  As I approached the school via Oak Street, I noticed lights in the sky to the west.  At first I thought they were meteors.  My husband and 14 year old son also saw them.  My husband remarked that it looked like something was falling through the atmosphere, but as we watched, it appeared as though the lihts were chasing each other. There were four of them, but only three were lit at a time.  They lit from south to north in the sky and as one dimmed another took its place.  We watched them as we pulled into 10th street and then into the school parking lot.  By this time, the lights had moved a great distance across the sky and were then northwest of the city instead of due west. It occurred to me that I could take a picture of them, but by the time I got my phone out of my pocket, they were gone.  My husband said he thought they looked like military flares but that they disappeared too soon, as in they were gone in a matter of seconds. The entire display took perhaps ninety seconds from when we first noticed them until they disappeared.;37.2304;-95.7004
Driving home early morning 3 bright orange lights were witnessed on the south side of the city on highway 75;2021-04-18 04:20:00;5 minutes;Driving home early morning 3 bright orange lights were witnessed on the south side of the city on highway 75;37.2304;-95.7004
