star in the sky during the day?;2006-05-14 14:30:00;1 hour;star in the sky during the day? I was at my in-laws for mothers day , it was fairly clear out, there were a few high cirrus clouds.   I noticed a white spot of light up high in the sky at first I thought it might be a balloon, but it never changed shape at least to the naked eye, and it stayed fairly stationary in the sky.   Also, for reference a balloon actually did float by it and it was not even close in distance to it, this was much higher up in the sky. It looked like a star but during the day, which I thought was strange.  I was able to point it out to a couple of my relatives and they were also able to see it, though I was the one tracking it for about an hour and took pictures of it.  It slowly moved toward the sun from southeast to northwest.   I went online to see if there were to be any astronomical occurances that day.  The only thing that could be a match was Mercury was to be in that exact portion of the sky.  But reading more into it, it seemed it would be to dim to see during the day.  The pictures I took, do seem to be of a crescent planet. That would shift back and forth most likely due to atmospheric distortion.   I am really curious to as if this was a UFO or a planet. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know what the witness observed.  He provides multiple photos of a tiny white object, the top and bottom edges of which appear to be irregular.  PD));33.9072988399066;-118.008707192578
An extremly bright, sporadically moving object seen flying then slowly fading into nothing before our eyes. ((NUFORC Note:  ISS??  PD));2009-06-08 22:43:00;2 minutes;An extremly bright, sporadically moving object seen flying then slowly fading into nothing before our eyes. On Monday night June 8 at about 22:43hrs, There was a super bright light roughly as high as a cruising jetliner (30,000 ft or so). It caught my attention because one...it was BRIGHT! It was brighter than any light on a plane that I have ever seen.  Two, the entire object looked spherical and unlike a plane or helicopter of any kind.  Lastly, the way and direction it was traveling was odd. It was moving fairly slow, but somewhat sporadically.  It also changed direction rather quickly with no wide turns like a plane or anything like that. Another thing that caught my attention was the direction of travel. I live somewhat close to LAX Airport and often watch the planes lined up for miles on their decent. Rarely do I see aircraft headed at a 90 degree angle towards the line of planes. It was a good deal higher than the planes on their way in for a landing and was of no threat to them. But again, I do not see aircraft flying in that direction. After watching the craft for roughly a minute or two it seemed to start moving higher up and away from us. The once extremely bright sphere began to slowly fade away right before our eyes until it was completely gone!  There were no clouds in the sky at the time and no obstruction of our view.  It simply vanished into nothing.;33.9072988399066;-118.008707192578
Solid white light turned simi-transparent red and then faded-out.;2012-04-08 20:05:00;1 minute;Solid white light turned simi-transparent red and then faded-out. About 5 hours ago I was in La Mirada, California.  I saw a solid white light traveling west to east south of La Mirada.  I saw this light between 8:05 and 8:07pm on Easter Sunday, 8 April 2012.  This light was not directly overhead but if directly overhead is 180 degrees and the horizon is 90 degrees, then this light was traveling at about 150 degrees again, west to east.  The light was about the same size as a normal jet or plane white light at a low altitude.  By the way, this area in the sky has frequent planes and jets and the vast majority of them are flying low, just like the light I saw.  It is very easy to see the flashing red and green lights on EVERY jet and plane flying by La Mirada but this light that I saw tonight, did not have any flashing red or green wing lights and it was low enough so I should have seen at least one of the flashing lights if it had any.  (I was looking south, the heavily flown flight pattern to Los Angeles airport is in the north skies from La Mirada----and at any one moment, you can see 3 to 6 jets lined-up heading towards the Los Angeles airport.)  I watched this light travel for at least 1 minute.   I first saw it first in the southwest night sky and then it disappeared as I was looking it in the southeastern sky.  It was still close when it disappeared, and it did not disappear because it was too far away for me to see it.  The white light just faded off.  Again, never did I see a single flashing red or green wing light like every other jet or plane that close in the night sky.  This light seemed very unusual whole time I watched it but if that is all I saw, I would not have filled out this form.  During the last 3 or 4 seconds the white light turned red.  The size of the light did not change.  The size was still the same size the white light had been but now it was red.  And it was not a solid red.  It was like 50 percent transparent and not uniformly red.  Then, after the 3 or 4 seconds of being red it completely disappeared or faded-out.  (I am sure I was not seeing a plane turning off the white light and now I was seeing the red wing light.)  The red light looked like the same size as the solid white light I had seen but now it had turned a 50 percent transparent red light and then just faded-out.  After it faded out, I could see other planes and jets way past this light in the distance.  I could see their white light and their flashing red and green lights.  Again, I do not think the light went out because it was too far away to see.   The light just turned red, a 50 percent transparent red, and then just faded out.  I watched for 15 minutes to see if the light re-appeared or anything else, but I did not see it re-appear.   I consciously watched and all the planes and jets north of south of me during that 15 minutes.  They all had flashing red and green wing lights along with their large white light.  I do not think the light I saw tonight was a plane or jet.;33.9072988399066;-118.008707192578
