60 freeway upside down white triangle.;2011-01-29 23:30:00;30- 1 min;60 freeway upside down white triangle. 60 freeway sighting   At around 11:30 pm on January 29, 2011 I placed a call to my girlfriend to see if she had gotten on the right freeway to get back to her house in Huntington Beach.  About thirty seconds into our conversation three bright lights over the 60 freeway in Chino caught my attention.  At first it looked like incoming aircraft far off in the distance, because there were obvious aircraft blinking in the sky.  Suddenly two of the objects seemed to zoom straight into each other and become one object, the third object faded away when this happened.  The remaining object which at the time seemed FAR away looked like it was just hovering when all of a sudden it was right on top of me.  It did not appear to even move fast at all, if I had to explain it I would say that it defiantly was not following our laws of physics.  The object probably had just traversed at least a distance of ten miles without even appearing to move, ending up directly over the 60 freeway and my car.  I explained to my girlfriend what I was seeing and suddenly I could make the object out and it gave me goose bumps all over to say the least. I observed what looked to be a floating upside down white triangle. It almost looked like it could be a different color and the shade of white might be heat emanating from the object because there appeared to be no actual lights on it. It floated parallel to myself and the freeway for about 10 seconds, I tried to pull of the freeway but by that time it was simply gone. I have always been skeptical of ufo’s, I even believed to have seen one before when I was younger but it was so long ago even I doubt my childhood memories because all kids have a wild imagination right? What I saw tonight changed how I feel about everything, I could not have seen this ANY clearer. I was bewildered by the fact that whatever this was, it was just cruising along out in the open several hundred feet off of the ground for everyone to see.;34.004269047619;-117.681879166667
