Orange and white light spheres in the woods;1993-06-15 22:00:00;10 seconds;Orange and white light spheres in the woods This event occured during the summer at my parents house in Stonington CT.  I was outside one night smoking a cigarette and I noticed two orangeish / dark yellow lights, maybe 100-150 yards away, traveling together from left to right through the neighboring woods.  One was slightly higher than the other, but both were relatively close to the ground around 8-10 feet or so, and the shapes were spheres.  From where I was the lights looked like the size to that of a cd.  They had a constant steady rate of speed which I would say was about 5 mph but did not illuminate the trees / wooded area where the lights were.  They were just there and nothing else was lit up in the woods.  I spotted the lights in the woods a couple other nights that week, except they were across the yard in a different locations, or were spread out- it was like the lights were there, and then they were gone.  Each time I saw the lights it lasted about 5-10 seconds and then they were gone.  I did not see any other shapes than that of light spheres.  I thought it was strange, and told my parents.  They did not believe me, but the whole thing was spooky.  A few weeks later it was late at night, around midnight, and I was watching tv.  A very very bright white light the shape of a sphere and about the size of a tennis ball passed by in front of the window and was gone.  This was different from the other lights I saw as they were orangeish, and this was a very bright light and scared the hell out of me.  The room where the tv is on the backside of the house that faces the woods.  I had the feeling that it was watching me as it went by. Curious if anyone else has seen orange & white moving lights like this in the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides only e-address.  PD));41.3649;-71.9069
2:36am in Stonington, Ct there was a bar of light in the upper right sky about the sz of an inch, it tilted to  right, then sped away;2010-08-11 02:36:00;a few seconds;2:36am in Stonington, Ct there was a bar of light in the upper right sky about the sz of an inch, it tilted to  right, then sped away This morning,  August 11th, 2010, at about 2:36 am, I was driving home from Foxwoods casino, as I had passed our local movie theater a ways (regal cinema in Stonington,Ct),  I suddenly saw a bar of light to my upper right in the night sky.  It was white light like a bunch of stars linked together to form a line about an inch wide from my perspective.  And it tilted down to the right a bit. I was thinking how it couldn’t be a plane or anything like that because those are usually one dot and slowly moving.  This was like if an edge of a coin were lit up in a line and it wasn’t really moving. Then it slowly tilted with purpose (again this was strange to me because if it were a man made prop or something far away the effort to so even would be quite difficult) like when you weigh something with those doctor scales and you get the lead weight right it kind of has this slow settling into place as it gets its balance.  Like that. It tilted in that ‘gaining balance’ way for another 20 degrees tilting down on the right side. Suddenly it looked like it was moving forward away from me for a moment and then I got this sense of a burst of incredible speed because the lights became smaller so quick they practically winked out they were gone so fast. I was not tired. I was not drunk.  I have never made such a claim before.  I saw my first UFO.  I have no idea what it was alien, military, or otherwise but Unidentified Flying Object.  Oh yes.;41.3649;-71.9069
Line of lights in the sky near midnight over Mystic/Stonington, CT.;2015-09-06 23:45:00;4 minutes;Line of lights in the sky near midnight over Mystic/Stonington, CT. Upon arrival home about 23:45 on 9/6/2015, I exited the car and glanced up into the sky.  A line of lights was approaching me in the sky from approximately west.  At first I thought they were stars but they were so bright I looked again.  The were bright amber, non-flashing and moving in single file towards me, about eight to ten or more in number.  They did not appear to be high like an jetliner at 20,000 feet but not more than about three to five thousand feet.  They snaked a little back and forth single file across the sky towards me.  I grabbed my phone and tried to get a movie of it, but the movie quality is not nearly as sharp and clear as they were.  They did not blink like aircraft.   I ran into the house and woke my wife to come out and see them.  She arrived outside to see the last few file past us overhead.  They had not made a sound up to this point but soon we heard a plane and she assumed that was them and went back to bed.  I watched a little longer and the plane sound got louder and a plane appeared approaching from the south.  It had different colored flashing lights on its wing tips and was clearly the source of the plane sound.  It disappeared in the direction the strange lights had left, approximately north and east.   I have checked the video and only got about thirty seconds of the light show.  The quality is very poor, but you can see a few of them on the screen.  They were much brighter amber to the naked eye.;41.3649;-71.9069
