I watched a cylinder shaped object head west, then changed form to a boomerang, transparent like state and then it traveled south;1999-09-21 20:49:00;25-30 seconds;I watched a cylinder shaped object head west, then changed form to a boomerang, transparent like state and then it traveled south I was sitting on the deck of my home which faces southeast.  At 20:49 on 9/21/99,  an object caught my attention out of the corner of my eye as I was facing south.  To my left, this cylinder/tubular shaped thing appeared to have some substance to it.  It had some depth.  I could not identify the color, but the spiral material was darker than the actual cylinder. The item did not appear to be hollow.  It appeared to have some kind of material spiraling around it, not in motion around the object, but being in complete contact with the cylinder.  At first, it appeared to be hovering but it was slowly moving west.  It was approximately 1500 feet high (max).  I watched the cylinder travel  west for about 5 seconds. At this point, I lost focus on the item for about 3 seconds.  It was like it had just disappeared.  From this point, I believe it was the same object, a transparent, boomerang shaped object located about the same distance up, maybe 500 feet higher, began to travel south.  The boomerang shaped object appeared to have more of a rounded top while the bottom appeared to be more flat.  Maybe 2000 feet high.  The moon was south/southwest of the object and I could see the reflection of the moon on parts of the object.  However, I could not make out a definite outline of the object.  I could see it, I could make out its shape but I could not describe what color it was.  I could see right through the object.  When it passed stars, I could see the stars through the object but they were a little diffused like seeing them thru a tinted window.  Then, the definition of the curves in the object were a little more obvious as I watched the stars kind of curve a bit when they would pass the edges of the object.  The object was pointed south, but it was traveling at an angle where I could tell that it was boomerang shaped. As the object traveled more towards the moon, I blocked the light of the moon out with my hand and continued to track the object.  It continued to travel south but I lost it about an inch and a ! half (fr om where I was standing, it was an inch and a half from arms length) before it would have passed in front of the moon.  Total time of watching the object travel south was about 20 seconds.  I ran downstairs and grabbed the binoculars and yelled at my mother in law to come verify what I had just seen.  I searched the sky with the binoculars and my mother in law for about an hour and saw nothing again but a shooting star.  No sound came from the object.  No light came from the object.  I will be sending a map with the location of the object, the direction it was traveling and a scetch of the item(s) as they appeared;47.9229172;-122.2143404
3 white shape changing UFOs over Everett Wa.;2003-08-30 13:00:00;1.5hrs+;3 white shape changing UFOs over Everett Wa. White in color, almost balloon shaped in the beginning and then changed to a triangular shape and than a wierd shape.  Seemed to be in some sort of formation pattern two close together and one more distant creating a triangle than one dissapearing and then going higher in the sky and all three gone quickly then returning and closer to the earth and than shape change occured as I was looking through my camara lense shot several pictures this pattern has continued over several hours and continues now as I type this report.  It is very difficult to explain the exact shape and size of the crafts as they change.  Two are always together and one is always more distant.  The backround is perfectly blue sky with no clouds.  There is an airport close by but nothing like this has been seen before.  They are very slow moving at time and then complety dissapear so seems to be able to move rapidly. We called the news, they weren't interested.  They are able to change altitude so don't suggest any type of experimental aircraft as they move up and down like a helicopter and side to side without making a sound.  They have been very close to view with the naked eye and very far but seem to be staying in the general area.  Boeing is very close to us as well as a Navy base and Paine field airport. ((NUFORC Note:  We will request copies of the photos to try to identify the objects.  PD));47.9229172;-122.2143404
Shape shifting fast craft zigzagging in skies over Everett, WA leaving vapor trails.;2013-03-30 18:45:00;15 minutes;shape shifting fast craft zigzagging in skies over Everett, WA leaving vapor trails. I was driving at 9500 19th Ave SE, Everett, WA 98208 tonight and I noticed something flying straight up leaving a vapor trail looking south down 19th Ave SE.  It was zigzagging back and forth and that is what caught my attention.  I had a camera with me that had a high power zoom on it and I took several photos where I could see no visible object at the beginning of the vapor trail, but this thing was moving fast and was now headed north overhead.  I pulled over and took several photos and it almost seemed to change shapes in flight.  It seemed to have a double vapor trail coming off of it and it continued to curve sharply one direction and then the other.  In some of the photos it looked like one giant group of rocks and then in others, you can see a ghostly transparent image of what looks to be a large airliner, but why would it be zigzagging sharply at speeds fast enough for a double vapor trail?  It seemed to have no less than 4 different shapes in 4 pho! tos taken just moments apart.  Then it was gone.  I looked back to the south where it had come from and the original vapor trail was fading away as they do, but I took one last photo of it to show the zigzag motion it had.  When I got home and looked at the photo on the computer, I see the craft was back in the southern sky just starting to leave a new vapor trail in the top of the last photo I took.  I didn't see that one until I noticed it later in the photo.  If it was the same craft, it would have had to do a 180 degree turn and move very fast to get back to that part of the sky by the time I took that last photo.;47.9229172;-122.2143404
