A large boomerang object zig-zagging West to East, no lights, no sound lighter than the night sky.;2004-11-03 21:50:00;5 Seconds;A large boomerang object zig-zagging West to East, no lights, no sound lighter than the night sky. I was facing North, the object (viewed at arms length) was approximatly three inches measured between fingers. Object moved at a high rate of speed in an irregular zig-zagging North West - South East direction while on the main West - East direcion. The shape was like a boomerang, lighter than the surrounding dark, star filled sky and the leading edge was lighter than the rest of it sort of a misty see-through glow. The object seemed solid from point to point. No blinking flashing colored lights. No windows. No trail behind. Absoloutly silent. It moved much faster than a plane (prop or jet) or helicopter. Altitude was up about where small airplanes fly. About five minutes later, a helicopter with red and blue strobe lights (patrol) flew through the airspace that the object went through.;47.9229172;-122.2143404
Bright red light in the sky over Everett!  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible landing lights on a/c??  PD));2007-02-11 22:51:00;25 min;Bright red light in the sky over Everett! I was coming home from work and it was bout 10:50p.m. when I pulled up to my house.  I turned off my car and went to open the door when I noticed a bright light in the driver side mirror.  I didn’t think anything of it I just had  thought it was a very bright plane.  I gathered my belongings and got out of my vehicle and looked back up to notice that the object I noticed was extremely bright and was not moving.  I did not want to lose sight of the object so I used my cell phone to call inside the house to my husband.   He came out side and by the time he had come out there were two right next to each other.  They were very bright and the color was red and white.  We watched for a few minutes and a third one came from behind the middle one and they were in a row.   As we were watching we were looking toward the south.  The one on the right moved out toward the south west and sat above the mountains.  After the one on the right moved out to this direction another one came from behind the middle on and took the place of the one that had gone.  We could still see the light from the one out in the distance just sitting there and then it disappeared.   After this was gone the one to the right of the middle one moved into the middle one and there was just two.  The two stayed in the same spot for a few more minutes and then they started to go out farther to the south.   And then they were gone.  A few minutes later they appeared in the same spot that we first saw them (two) and they stayed for just a few seconds and then they slowly disappeared towards the south. ((NUFORC Note:  We observe that the description is not inconsistent with witnessing of landing lights on distant aircraft.  There are several civilian and military airports in the Everett area.  Just a guess.  PD));47.9229172;-122.2143404
Dark object silently flying overhead in the night sky.;2013-10-08 21:40:00;10 seconds;Dark object silently flying overhead in the night sky I was just out in my driveway having a smoke looking at the stars when I noticed a dark object that was hang glider shaped but as big as a small airplane fly quickly over the tall trees in my backyard and over my garage.  It was completely silent and blacked out. No lights on whatsoever.  It was erie seeing this thing fly over silently and quickly.  It was maybe only 150 feet up because the trees in my backyard are around 100 feet tall.  Sky is totally clear tonight and I work in aerospace so I'm familiar with known aircraft and regulations. And no big hills for hang gliding around this area.  Possibly a totally silent  drone?  It was too fast and dark to get a picture.  Flew in a NW to SE direction, almost the exact same flight path I have witnessed a red fireball silently fly over a month or so ago.;47.9229172;-122.2143404
Inverted V-shaped crafts with orange lights in North Everett, WA.;2015-03-24 20:15:00;30 minutes;Inverted V shaped crafts with orange lights in North Everett, WA. It was approximately 8:15 pm, and I was in my kitchen facing north talking to my sister on the phone.  In my peripheral vision there appeared to be the big dippers and the stars were unusually bright.  After a few more moments of conversation, I remembered that the big dipper is seen from the east at this time of year and never so low, so bright in the sky and never from the north. I looked out the kitchen window and saw an inverted V shaped formation of bright orange lights. There were three lights on the left side of the formation and two on the right side.  They didn't blink, just a steady light.  I ran outside to investigate and the formation turned from a side v formation to the inverted V.  A bright orange lights moved very fast and secured itself to the right side of the v-formation so now there were three orange lights on both sides. Another inverted V-shaped craft moved in front of the first and they moved in sync very slowly and methodically through the night sky towards the sound. At first glance I thought the orange lights were individual crafts moving in a carefully orchestrated procession through the sky.   After running outside for a better look, I concluded that it was two massive crafts, solid black in color and the inverted V orange lights were part of the crafts.   I was alarmed and scared as this was close, just above the tree line and electrical power lines.  I got the eerie feeling we were being invaded by paratroopers from another country until I saw the crafts. I did some online research and reported this sighting.;47.9229172;-122.2143404
Looking up I saw a crescent shaped UFO.  It was a similar color too a dark;2017-10-02 21:34:00;8 seconds;I was outside with my mom and baby, looking at the night sky.  Looking up I saw a crescent shaped UFO.  It was a similar color to a dark cloud in the night sky.  It was dark grey and it looked like a boomerang.  It was moving relatively fast, but I tracked it for about 5 seconds. It moved Northwest to Southeast.  It moved from behind one tree directly overhead across to be behind another.  I guess it would have been under under 5,000 feet, but it was hard to tell.  It was silent as it moved.  It was really freaky.  It looked like solid smoke.  It had no lights and was perfectly shaped.  It should also be noted that I live near one of Boeing's manufacturing plants.  It could have been military, but it was definitely something I've never seen before.;47.9229172;-122.2143404
