2 UFO's sighted in Beaumont, Alberta, Canada, multiple witnesses.;2015-03-03 19:00:00;5-6 minutes;2 UFO's sighted in Beauont, Alberta, Canada, multiple witnesses. Tuesday March 3, 2015, 19:00   My friend and I were headed to Beaumont to go play some ice hockey with some friends at the outdoor rink.  It was a perfectly clear evening, not a cloud in the sky and the sun just set so there was still some light.   As we were driving west about 5 minutes from Beaumont I noticed two small but bright yellow lights just above the tree line.  I noticed that both of the lights were in perfect unison which made me question what kind of aircraft they were and if they were maybe military aircraft landing together at the Edmonton International Airport.  I took an aircraft maintenance engineer apprenticeship last year so I understand aircraft and have enjoyed them my whole life, so I noticed that I couldn’t see any navigation lights or strobe lights on what you would see on a normal aircraft.  I scrambled for my cell phone to start videoing it because the reality hit me that I was about to actually see a UFO.  The two lights then continued to come our way and the one of the left started to kind of glimmer and then it changed into a bright red light which started blinking fast and then slowed down to about a blink per second.  Then the yellow light craft of the right turned all of its lights off and my friend and I could both see the silhouette of the ship which slanted at an angle and was not moving and the shape of it looked like a saucer with a little dome on top, but it was pretty thin in design.  Then it re-lit itself up and was glowing yellow again.   As we continued to drive up towards Beaumont it started getting closer to us to the point where we had to look out our right window because they were just in the field beside us about 300 feet up in the air and about 400-500 yards away and they weren’t moving. They were about a half a centimeter in size looking at it and I guessed they were at least 60-80 feet in diameter.  Then they slowly started heading north east towards Edmonton and their speed kept getting faster and faster and the lights were getting closer and closer together because they were moving away so fast, then they merged into the one red blinking one and my friend then called his girlfriend because it was flying over her place and she said she seen it and thought maybe it was a drone or something and her mom said she thought it was a UFO.   Then when we got to the ice rink my friend said they all seen them fly right over the ice rink, my friend also said he thought it was aliens.   Later on my friend and I would confirm with each other that there was a point where we both felt like whatever it was it knew we could see them.   The 5 minutes of footage was filmed on my iPhone 4 in low light conditions so you can see the lights but the quality is quite low.  Funny how that always seems to be the case with UFO videos. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));53.3466;-113.4143
