About 25mph and silent tablet shaped bottom covered in small dimley lit light blue lights.  About 50 ft long and 150 ft off the ground;2009-09-01 04:45:00;1 minute;About 25 mph and silent tablet shaped bottom covered in small dimley lit light blue lights.   About 50 ft long and 150 ft off the ground As someone who has spent a life time staring at the sky I have seen some unexplainable things.  But in the last two years I have lived in Mineral Wells Tx  I have seen four unexplainable things in the sky.  In the first case about two years ago I saw something that I can only to explain as the aurora borealis.  Two color changing orbs moving at phenomenal speeds and erratic directions moved from the east to west horizon in seconds.  They were in the same place about three hours apart about march 2007.  I wonder what I missed. But my newest sighting has me on edge.  On 8-27-2009 at about 3:30am I saw what appeared to be a flock of birds come out of a light cloud covering to the east moving to the west at about 100 feet in altitude.  I stepped under a tree to pick up a puppy when I realized that the dots I believed to be birds were stationary to each other.   At this point the completely silent object turned to the north directly above me and then back to the east in almost a u turn.  At this point I stepped out from under the oak tree as it continued to travel in a circle back to the west.  This is when it hit me that I was looking up at a tablet shaped craft about fifty feet in length about a hundred to a hundred and fifty feet above me.  It was difficult to see because the bottom was covered in about thirty to fifty very dimly lit light blue lights less then an inch in diameter.  The lights made it very hard to see because it looked like I was looking through the clouds into a  dense cluster of s! tars.  I think the body was black because I could see a definite outline.  Coming out of its second u turn it was pointing west as it continued to circle. Yes I think this thing was looking back that is when fear over came my curiosity and I hauled ass inside.  Only to have my fear replaced by intense anxiety as I thought about the fact I just saw a UFO looking back at me from about a hundred feet.  As a habit I second guess myself, it’s the scientific process, and I have seen a lot of strange things in the sky.  But this is the first time I have seen anything  that was more then a strange light moving erratically in the sky.  This is the first time I have ever seen something so close to that really spooked me. Here is where it get really spooky I saw it again last night at about 4:45am on 9-1-2009.  I stepped outside to smoke a cigarettes which is one of a dozen or so ten minute brakes I take a night outside to stargaze.  This time it was moving north to south in a perfectly straight line.  Again it was as silent as ever  and moved in a straight line at about 25mph between one and one hundred and fifty feet above the ground. I just spent the day reading a hundred other experiences with  only occasional vague similarities to mine.  Did I just experience the rarest two minutes of my life or am I loosing my mind?  Why so many different types of sightings is it the many different ways we can describe the same thing, are we an extraterg,restrial highway, or are we all just nuts and haven’t realized it yet?  How could I have been the only one to look up at the rite time?;32.8099;-98.1138
On the horizon a oblong shape with srobing lights.  It hovered a hands width above the rest for 2 minutes and quickly dipped below the;2012-10-09 08:49:00;3 minutes;On the horizon a oblong shape with srobing lights.  It hovered a hands width above the rest for 2 minutes and quickly dipped below the horizon.  There is nothing but Country north of us. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));32.8099;-98.1138
