Wedgefield SC sighting;1981-06-05 10:00:00;maybe 30 seconds;wedgefield SC sighting Hi Peter, thank you for hearing me out-I am a 38 year old female, that had a sighting at the age of 15.  I Just seen the show, as I watch just about EVERY UFO show I can & have ever since my sighting.  I realize 23 years is a long period of time to go by, but I tell you something thats true..I cant remember alot of things that goes on in my life, but I remember this experience as it were yesterday. My father was in the Air Force for 30 years, therefore I know what an airplane looks like...I also know what helicopters & hueys look like...I know what our US aircrafts look look like.  I was made to go to mannnny an airshow...I guess Im trying to make someone believe me as ive only told a handful of people my story...my dad being the last as I didnt think he'd take me seriously.... anyway..I was 15.  My dad was in Korea for a year & my older sister just got a new boyfriend & they decided to take a walk one night...they wouldnt allow me to go with them, so I decided to sit on his (my sisters boyfriends) motorcycle & wait for their return...i was alone in the yard ...& something made me turn my head & when i did I seen this craft so to speak hovering over the trees of my neighbors yard...hovering...as if looking at me! I didnt hear it come...& i promise u it was looking at me...I was like in a trance for...well I dont know how long for...I dunno how much time passed before i seemed to tear away as I wanted my mom to see it...maybe 30 seconds passed after i tore away...long enough to run up the stairs on the porch & yell loud enough to get my mom & brother out to look...by then it was gone...( no noise as it left)..didnt hear it come...didnt hear it go..over the years my mom kinda just acted like she believed me, but before my father died (& I knew he was going to die as he had cancer), I finally told him the story, thinking he would tell me it was nonsense etc...but he didnt ...he told me a story about he was in a watch tower somewhere & there was a call to him about an aircraft or something & no one seen it on the radar & they were all confused about it-they had a sighting too-I also explained to him what i'd seen & he knew every aircraft aswell...(mind u i live near an airforce base) & he just couldnt explain it-he knew of some craft that could hover but not without sound... anyway sir...what i seen was not from this world-I promise you that...I dont think i was abducted but they did have me hyptonized maybe? anyway it was a gray craft, with red lights not blinking I'll never forget it for the rest of my life-I keep looking everyweek for a return yet ive not been lucky...or unlucky...I dunno if they are friendly or not...but if i had to say one or the other i'd say unfriendly.. Please take my story serious...I will take 50 lie detector tests to prove i know what i seen & it wasnt from here! Thank you for your time... Sincerely...yes  ((name deleted)) everyone! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of the event is approximate provides no contact information.  PD));33.897;-80.5001
was 14 or 15, was standing in front yard, waiting 4 my sister to get home, and glanced in the air, and there hovering over treetops, ac;1983-06-30 21:00:00;unsure;was 14 or 15, was standing in front yard, waiting 4 my sister to get home, and glanced in the air, and there hovering over treetops, across the street was this huge object...seemed to be staring at me...I stood hypnotized for how long,  i do not know,i just remember finally pulling away from its hypnotism, to yell at my mom to come see, i know that only took 15 secs for her to come out cause i hollered so loud and terrified...of course, as soon as i turned back around it was gone...I know it was not an aircraft from Shaw Air force Base.  My pop was airforce for 30 yrs!  I know what aircraft (american) looks like...this wasnt from this earth...I swear to that..it was a silver disc shaped object with red lights all around it..never made a sound coming or going..AWESOME!!!  It was great!  I will never 4get it, and whats more, I felt they were watching me..u know how u feel when u get that feeling...well....I KNOW they were watching me! would love to hear other stories too, and chat with only serious believers..thank u for ur time..  ((name deleted));33.897;-80.5001
