silver disk hovers above in VA country section of RT 66 then dispears;2010-11-10 15:00:00;30 minutes;silver disk hovers above in VA country section of RT 66 then dispears It happend again on Rt 66. I was driving west on RT 66 coming out of Prince William County.  After you get out of prince william\Haymarket it is pretty much country open fields on either sides of RT 66. it was a bright sunny day.  Hardly any clouds in the  skys.  Then I saw a silver disk in front of me. it seem to be hoovering up in hte air. It would seem to disappear and then come back all in the same area. Then I saw a 2nd disk or what could have been a jet. It seem to chase the disk but the disk just dispeared.  The Jet seemed to go out to the North West. then about 10 minutes later it appeared to go the opposite directions. the other disk appear again.  It was like it was playing hiding in seek. then I saw this white shape object in the sky. it kindof looked like an airplane but didnt and then another one appeared. I dont knwo for somereason it was like I felt in a daze.  For some odd reason I went off Rt 66 and at Dalphlane\Paris Exit and took RT 55. I felt t! hat it was leading me off RT y66. Ifelt really weird but somehow it was like it knew I was in danger or something.  Then when traveling down RT 55 you can look over and see RT 66.  There were several cars pulled over on the West bound lanes on RT 66. they had their emergency signal on.  I say it was about 5 or 6 cars.  One guy got out of the car and looked around the car like he was kind of puzzled about what happend. But the freaky think was in two of these pulled over cars, it was like the person in the car was looking over at RT 55 and looking right at me. It freaked me out.  Although I believe in UFO I never had seen one before but it seems like in the last couple of months I have seen simialr objects hovering in the sky. then there has been two incidents where at last minute I decide to go another directions and within a minute I had this white van speed across the intersection not stopping at the stop sign and kind of just dispears.  At the time I thought what an ((profanity deleted)) whole but now it is kind of spoking me out.;38.9301;-78.1887000000001
