3 spherical object formationwatched in night sky.;1988-12-23 20:35:00;aprox 6 mins;3 spherical object formationwatched in night sky. While home on leave from the service, my parents and brother and I were returning from my grandmothers house. We were traveling on a paved road which for the most part was free of traffic. We passed maybe one car before the incident. The night sky was clear of clouds and spotted with stars. I do not recall the moon cycle at the time, but I believe it was a sliver. It all began when we were just having a conversation about the evenings visit and dinner. I was just admiring the stars out the mini vans window when I noticed something catch my eye. It was postioned to my right of the vehicle in the sky. The object was spherical and a deep blue color. At first I thought it was a plane light but i'd never seen a plane light that dark before. I quickly told my dad who glanced over as did the whole family. The object remained almost even with our vehicle. In this I mean it never traveled out of our line of sight. My dad slowed a little and my mom put down her window to make sure it wasnt a relection. After viewing the object for a couple of minutes it was my mother who stated that she something on the drivers side of the vehicle this time. In the night sky on the opposite sid eof the road was a similar object but this one was dark red. The light from these vehicles didnt pulse, didnt blink, but were constant the whole time. It was at this time that I felt a sense of awe and unbelief. Both objects kept up the same distance and speed with each other. It appeared that each was just smoothly traveling as we were. After taking in both objects, for some reason I leaned forward to look up higher and was stuned by what I saw. I pointed out an off white spherical shape positioned above the road. This would put the lights in a triangular formation. After watching them for about 3 minutes the red and blue lights lifted even with the white light. The two outside lights began to draw in towards the white light and they appeared to change position on the opposite side of the road. After this the lights then d! rew closer so they were almost side by side. They then increased thier traveling speed and quickly flew off into the night sky. It was also at that time that we came into an area with a large number of trees that obscured the objects departure. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate, although the witness does not indicate that fact.  PD));42.9969;-84.3649
