jet black blanket foating in the night sky, as welll a round sphere way out in the distance shooting out multie colored fire balls;2008-02-09 09:00:00;2 hours;jet black blanket foating in the night sky, as welll a round sphere way out in the distance shooting out multie colored fire balls I was sitting out side an looked above the tree line and noticed a square jet black blanket darker than the sky floating yet waving similiar to a flag but not as much just slightly waved. of in the distance over the mountains I saw a round object at the same time that was shiny but far away shooting of from the round object spitting out different color fire balls from all directions. The flag type blanket was above for two hours I caught it out of the corner of my eye otherwise I woul probably not noticed it Very hard to see if you did not happen to see it. Seemed to blend with the sky after noticing though I then observed for about two hours I stayed up late too watch it wondering if it would be around this morng at 3: o clock. I set my alarm and went back out at 3:o clock lokked closely and it was gone.;34.0929491666666;-117.887760833333
I saw twice at two locations: A VERY Black rectangular blanket in the sky once there was a bright round object shooting smallers balls;2012-06-19 21:41:00;1 hour;I saw twice at two locations: A VERY Black rectangular blanket in the sky once there was a bright round object shooting smallers balls I had three black recording boxes installed in my home voluntarily.  I cannot tell you why all I can say is they transmitt data. I will have them for two years in my home.  The night they were installed I got a feeling of an energy so much I got up out of bed and went out my back door.  At first, nothing seemed out of order. So I just thought I was having insomnia.  I went to the chair at my small table in the dark and sat for a minute, then glancing to the sky realized it's back!  The hair stood up on the back of my neck and I understood what the ENERGY is. Back in 1997 approx. I was in the front of my home mowing my lawn Just as it was getting dark. I happened too look up and saw a large BLACK BLANKET in the sky&ltit had a slight wrinkle every so often.  Now I am talking blacker than the background of the sky.  Then looking from my home on this street 4 miles from where I live now, at the same time and over the Sangabriel mountains and at the same time their wa! s a large off in the distance round glowing round ball throwing off smaller round balls.  My nieghbors all came out and looked and I called the Sheriff. they arrived one black lady sheriff and I believe a female white driving.  They too looked and just said they could not explaine what we were seeing.  A Black Floating Blanket.  So they left. my niehgbors all went in i watched for two hours went in to get a cup of coffee, then when I came back out it was gone. my sighting at my new home of one year just happened after these black boxes were placed in my home and on the 19th of June 2012 it was back! I pretended I did not see the blanket in the sky although, I felt scared this time.  I just watched from the corner of my eye and it was as though it new of my presence.  Just the feeling I got. It was there an hour I went to the back door pretending not to see it and went to bed.  I peeked out later it was gone.;34.0929491666666;-117.887760833333
