Small silver UFO's and one big green UFO;2007-06-01 19:00:00;3 days;Small silver UFO's and one big green UFO My first sighting started on June 1, 2007.  i came home from work, parked my car and i was walking up the steps from the parking area to my apartment.  In the sky next to the moon was a small silver glowing round object that caught my eye.  As i stood there and watched, a neighbor saw me and said they have been there for a few hours.  She told me there was a fireball type of thing in the sky that lasted a few minutes and everyone in the area by the pool had witnessed.  Then it disappeared and these Little glowing balls appeared.  i looked for a few minutes and went into the house. The next day i got a call that they were in the sky again.  it was about 1 pm.  So i went outside and next to the moon was the same glowing object.  By now I'm getting interested!!  So i started watching and tracking these things.  They seem to have a distinct pattern in the sky.  Usually appearing near the image of the moon, moving west, then moving north to particular point in the sky then disappearing.  This went on for several days. I went to a friends house about 1/2 mile away and told them about the silver objects.  they came out and we waited and they would literally just appear out of nowhere.  So we watched for a few minutes, and some of their neighbors came out and we were all watching.  Then out of nowhere there was this giant luminescent green round thing floating by.  It was round but flat as if you cut it out of paper and held it up in the sky.  it wasn't round like a ball, but just circular.  It was larger then the moon in the sky, but not next to it.  it appeared to be above up. it was really hard to tell how far away it was.  Once this Green thing appeared, 3 small silver ones appeared.  it was the most silver ones i had seen at one time in the sky. Before it disappeared one silver ball appeared next to the green one at about 1 o'clock position, and moved around it to about the 5'oclock position before it faded.  Then as quickly as it appeared it vanished, (it lasted about 15 seconds) and only the silver one remained.  We watched for a few more minutes hoping the Giant green thing would come back but i never saw it again. A few months later i did see one small silver object, i tracked it for a few minutes till it disappeared and went in.  i haven't seen anything else in a few months.  A side note, the silver objects moved very slow, appeared very high in the sky and seemed to wiggle slightly.  i never saw anything after dark and they did seem to glow and not reflect light. i never got the feeling while watching one that i was actually moving, but it was covering sky.  i do have a few minutes of video of the silver objects, but i don't know how to load it from the video camera to the computer.  Unfortunately, i didn't get the green object on film.;34.0929491666666;-117.887760833333
