Gigantic Kingdome shaped craft with orb over front yard;1986-06-25 03:15:00;one hour;Gigantic Kingdome shaped craft with orb over front yard   This experience happened in late June 1986 while living Shelton, WA, at the end on an inlet.  I had showered and immediately stepped into bed.   Around 3:15 AM I awoke to see an orb hovering above the deck and just outside of our bedroom door.  I had an ominous feeling about this sighting.  My children were in the bed room behind me.  The object was brassy in color with flat ends, although shaped somewhat like a football.  I reached behind me for the .357 magnum that was in the headboard.  The weapon was hot loaded and had a trigger safety.  Something was about to get used for target practice. I awoke in an upright position at about 4:45 AM.  It was light out.  I went into the kitchen and made myself a cup of coffee and sat down on the base of the fireplace when I noticed oily spots on my feet.  I knew that I had been out side, but I could not remember anything.  This experience would also be the subject of a regression in 2009.  They walked me into the yard where I noticed a bright light and an absolutely gigantic craft sliding over me.  It was hundreds of feet in diameter.  I felt seriously outgunned.  They sucked me up and took me for a ride.  These entities were red/brown and there were about a dozen of them.  They were extremely angry at me. They felt that I had a very bad attitude. They gave me the cold shoulder and I can remember watching stars blow by in a blinding blur. The dog that I had picked up on the beach was a special gift to teach me how to love.  I did make a number of changes in my life after this abduction. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));47.2123;-123.0971
I was parked at a stoplight, a light just above the horizon caught my eye.  A large, round, glowing object passed directly in front of;1998-04-22 21:22:00;3 seconds;I was parked at a stoplight, a light just above the horizon caught my eye.  A large, round, glowing object passed directly in front of me. As I was parked at a stoplight, waiting for the light to turn green, a glowing ball of light caught my attention.  I looked up in time to see the object moving north to south across my view out my front window.  The object was just above the horizon, and appeared to be traveling at a slight angle towards the ground and seemed to be only a couple hundred feet above the earth.  The sighting lasted approximately 2-3 seconds.   The size of the object was not quite as large as a full moon.  The shape was essentially round and appeared to be moving through a either low clouds or a haze.  The object glowed much like a street light illuminating the fog near it on a foggy night.  The color seemed to be a pale orange.   I was in my car with the engine running, but could not hear any sound associated with the event (My first inclination was that it was an aircraft going down the sighting occured very close to Sanders Field, but the object was much too large).  I am a 33 year-old male, married, with two young children.  I was most recently employed as a credit analyst for a national credit bank, but now am a full-time student.  I have never seen anything like this.;47.2123;-123.0971
Five observers at 23:15 noticed a large UFO traveling slowly west to east with very bright flashing red and white lights.   Viewing thr;2012-07-04 23:00:00;1 minute;Five observers at 23:15 noticed a large UFO traveling slowly west to east with very bright flashing red and white lights.    Viewing through binoculars, object appeared to be on fire.   Observed for 1 min before it vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Report is not inconsistent with the sighting of a commercial aircraft, we believe.  PD));47.2123;-123.0971
I was left confused it looked like the two objects were in conflict with each other .;2020-07-14 23:30:00;3 minutes;I was left confused it looked like the two objects were in conflict with each other . I was out with my telescope taken pictures of Jupiter and moons also Saturn.  I had issue with secondary mirror on my telescope while trying to adjust the mirror for better image the threads stripped out and feel into my hand.  I was talking to my self about great my nights over and seems like always something.  And I stopped talking out loud cause I sensed something at that time I looked up to my right and I seen two lights that were enter acting with one another at that time my phone was attached to my telescope with camera app opened I grabbed for it as I held phone up and moved eyepiece one of the lights shot stright back and now the closer one continues on its path 300 feet off the ground approximately as I got the one object in my sights I told my phone take my picture take my picture take my picture then  noticed my wife and kids coming down the rd to meet me as planned well the pictures tell the rest.;47.2123;-123.0971
