Oblong shaped, silent, moved quickly across the sky and was glowing like pink beach glass.;2008-11-13 21:20:00;5 seconds;Oblong shaped, silent, moved quickly across the sky and was glowing like pink beach glass. At 21:20 I was on the back deck of our house calling the dogs in.  I watched an object move from the SSW sky to NNE.  It was clear night with no clouds. It took approximately 5 to 6 seconds to entirely cross the sky.  It was silent.  It was shaped like a short grain of rice.  It was the color of light pink beach glass softly glowing from within, and with a slight aura of white around it.  If I held my hand at arm’s length with a short grain of rice, this is about how large it appeared. I called for my husband to come, but it had already disappeared behind the trees.  3 to 4 minutes after observing the object, a commercial airliner crossed the sky from SW to NW on an approach path to Seatac Airport.  I am reporting this with the hopes that perhaps the commercial airliner saw something, or traffic control at Seatac. My husband is a fixed wing and helicopter Pilot.  I grew up around Seatac airport and McChord Air Force base.  I am very familiar with the appearance and flight patterns of conventional aircraft.  I also grew up watching for satellites and am familiar with satellite flight paths across the sky. This pink, slightly oblong object was very unique like glowing pink glass. It needs be said that in my life I have seen alleged UFOs.  As a 10-year old (1966) my entire family (7 of us) watched an object above the desert in Utah.  It was composed of two large metallic objects with 7 small metallic objects in between the two larger ones.  We all watched it for over 20 minutes. While camping at Mt. Rainier in 1984 I and my children (7 and 4 at the time) watched as a blinking object flew a path ascending toward the mountain before suddenly streaking out of sight. Here in Shelton, I have experienced several occasions of a very bright flash in the night sky.  Sometimes it is one bright flash.  Sometimes it is a series of erratically timed bright flashes.  The flashes are always in one stationary spot in the sky and are not accompanied by any visual trajectory common to a helicopter or aircraft turning or flying just very bright white flashes, and then nothing. This last Sunday, December 7th, 2008 at 16:43 I observed a very bright white light sitting stationary in the SSW sky above the tree line.  At first I thought it was the first star of the night, however, no other stars were visible and this light was brighter than any star or planet I am accustomed to observing.  I am also aware of metal objects commonly reflecting sunlight at that time of the day in the SW and W sky.  This bright light sat stationary for 10 minutes.  I had my husband get his detachable rifle scope with a high power telephoto capacity.  I propped it on the back of a chair and we watched the bright light.  It never changed position.  It suddenly just disappeared as I was viewing it. I hesitated in turning in my reports because I understand that in order to substantiate anything or lend credibility, it is best triangulated or viewed by more than one person at one place in time.  I was also concerned I’d come across like a quack because I have seen objects before.  I support all research and work being done in the field of extraterrestrial existence, however, and believe it is important to move forward and turn in a report when it happens with the hopes maybe someone else saw the same thing. I turned in the flashing light reports to MUFON, but the local investigator for MUFON in Olympia has a very jealous wife who felt uncomfortable with him talking to women (even though I am happily married and have no interest in playing around).  He began taking report my report from me but abruptly stopped telling me his wife was jealous of me.  !!??  That was just a weird extraneous experience but it effected how eager I was to turn in any report to MUFON.;47.2123;-123.0971
