Military chopper pursues a UFO over central Massachusetts.;2014-08-14 21:50:00;45 seconds;Military Chopper pursues a UFO over central Massachusetts. First, at 9:30pm, a relatively slow moving, large and conspicuous (military?) helicopter flew from southeast to northwest under a moonless, starry sky about 50 knots - half the speed of a typical  life flight chopper or news chopper.  It had a signature deep sound to its rotors like a heavy military war helo.  I didn't pay much attention to it other than noticing its slow speed of travel and bright red/green FAA signal lights for civilian airspace.  I assumed it was just a nighttime training mission… It should be noted that this is not heavily traveled airspace by helicopter air traffic -- only rarely do we see any helicopter at all.  Typically, it's only passenger jets descending into Logan airport at 15,000', and the occasional weekender in a Cessna. What struck me as odd was hearing the exact same chopper (that signature, deep military sound like a Blackhawk, plus the same signal lights on a black chopper, indicating port/starboard) 20 minutes later coming back from the direction it had traveled initially (this time NW to SE), and on the same vector path and altitude (about 500 feet) and speed...  So... I stepped out from my porch and looked up. That is when I noticed it was chasing (more like escorting) what was first one dim light and then which became two lights, lights which were a bluish color, but obvious and present.. also conspicuous but considerably less bright (exactly similar to the magnitude of a low-orbit satellite in a dark night sky...  Actually I'd say identical. The lights were not associated with a visible craft (unless the craft was tiny -- like softball sized?) but they were surely too far ahead of the chopper to be an extension of the chopper:  The lights were travelling about 50ft from each other -- one slightly ahead of the other -- together, at about 1/8 to a 1/4 of a mile ahead of the chopper, travelling at the same speed and vector and altitude as the helo. From my experience, the objects were going too fast to be civilian drones, and were silent under the sound of the chopper.  They seemed to glide effortlessly ahead of the helicopter as if free from our Earthly propulsion systems. If it was alien craft, you'd think the military would use jets to pursue...unless they were testing a drone system and needed a chopper to pursue because it flies too slow for a jet to follow.  Either way, it felt planned, but then again in civilian airspace, even the drone would need proper FAA green/red port and starboard indicators.  They did not.  Something was very wrong. I will say the whole episode felt very off, and is absolutely venture to say, paranormal.  This is a heavily populated suburb, though somewhat rural so stars are bright.  They chose a moonless night to transport or escort *something.*  I believe they were low and slow to glide below the ubiquitous radar. After a web search I did find a similar report in this database, as follows -- which is how I found your site. Related?   Occurred:  3/10/2013 12:00 (Entered as : 3/10/2013 12:00)  Reported:  3/10/2013 10:17:04 AM 10:17  Posted: 4/12/2013  Location:  West Springfield, MA  Shape: Cigar  Duration:2 minutes  Watched a Red and White helicopter follow and stay with the ufo from a distance. Ufo was white with no no markings. It was not a drone nor a plane.;42.3182;-71.6428999999999
