While driving my 8 y/o daughter spotted an unusual craft and pointed it out to me and my girlfriend.  This was a triangular shaped craf;2006-07-14 22:05:00;15  mins;While driving my 8 y/o daughter spotted an unusual craft and pointed it out to me and my girlfriend.  This was a triangular shaped craft approx 500-1000 feet off of the ground traveling from the west to the east at a slow rate of speed.  Craft was not large. perhaps the size of average airliner.  Visibility was clear and there were numerous other aircraft flying at what would have appeared to be higher altitudes.   The car was running so unable to determine if this was a silent craft.  Craft had a row of 4 lights on what would appear to have been the aft end, with 2 in the center and 1 on the leading edge.  There were no navigational lights visible.  The aft row of lights were somewhat dim on what would be assumed to be the port side.  I have witnessed numerous phenomenon in the night sky from all sorts of atmospheric condiions including aurora, this was not any sort of aircraft I have ever seen before and I had a perfectly clear view of this craft;40.1968;-88.3925
Changing lights over central ILLINOIS;2010-04-13 21:50:00;15 minutes;Changing lights over central ILLINOIS My wife was in our backyard taking the dogs out when she started yelling at me to come out back.  We were facing South from our house when I saw what I initially thought was fireworks due to the object emitting white/red/green/blue lights.  It came up like fireworks would but then it hovered in midair.  The perceived distance and speed of the object told me that in order for it to streak across the sky like it did, it had to have been traveling at a VERY fast rate of speed.  I didn't believe it was a commercial or military aircraft because how fast it was moving and more importantly after it traveled west horizontally, it made a rapid direction change east, too difficult a maneuver for any known aircraft.  We also captured a short video of the object that is very blurry due to it being an old digital camera and not a cam corder;40.1968;-88.3925
