Impact flash in brazoria county texas.;2014-01-14 05:15:00;1-3 seconds;Impact flash in brazoria county texas I was driving home from work after a night shift, taking my normal route of beltway 8 to hwy 288 south from Pasadena Texas to home in Richwood Texas, as I was headed southbound on hwy 288 I noticed a flash that covered approximately 90 degrees of the spectrum in front of me.  I would akin this to look like an impact flash.   It was drizzling that morning and there was rain in the area but there wasn't any lightning at all and there wasn't any thunder after this flash or at all this morning.  I have seen lightning before with no thunder but this was not that.  If I were gonna make an educated guess this looked liked something had entered earth's atmosphere and impacted but again there was no sound.  Also the flash was yellowish in color not like your usual white lightning which also led me to conclude this was not lightning.  I know others had to have seen I t but traffic continued as normal but left me wondering what it could have been.;29.1779;-95.446
One set of white flashing aviation lights became to singulr flashing lights.;2016-09-02 20:35:00;21 minutes;One set of white flashing aviation lights became to singulr flashing lights. In explanation, I am a former military aircraft mechanic. While I was headed for the Union Pacific Depot to pick up a Houston bound off duty train crew, I observed what appeared to be an aircraft moving slowly, showing two white flashing tip lights (which I thought odd) headed North, North, East, following the Union Pacific train tracks. While stopped at the light, headed South on the Loop 274 at Texas Hwy [29*09.533N and 095*26.005W] I lowered my driver’s side window.  The light turned green and I progressed South on Loop 274. I could still see the flashing lights, hear the crossing bells ringing and multiple train engine noise, but hear no aircraft engine noise.  I stopped at Loop 274 and W. Plum to turn {right} onto W. Plum, the train was moving on the tracks in a Northerly direction {it’s engine noise fading}, but there was still no aircraft engine noise, I lost sight of the observed aircraft in the surrounding trees. At W. Plum and S. Erskine I turned left and still lost in the surrounding trees.  I again turned left at S. Erskine and W. Munson as I stopped at the yield sign I looked up toward the Union Pacific Radio tower {roughly 110ft tall} and still did not see aircraft flashing lights nor hear aircraft engine noise.  I crossed S. Hancock St. turned to the right, into the yard. I stopped then I backed to the right into my parking spot, shut of the vehicle engine. Out of the vehicle, as I collected my work gear, I again looked up at the tower [29*09.307N, 095*25.585W] and observed the two flashing white tip lights divide. Where there had been one silent single aircraft several hundred foot above the tower and railroad overpass there were two.  I only saw the lights no shapes.  One silent flashing light went to the North of the tower, the second silent flashing light went to the South of the tower. I ran to the Yard Office and asked the duty night manager to please step out onto the North East facing porch. I pointed to the two lights not far off, still slowly headed North, North, East now at least a city block apart and reported the odd sight following the train. I asked what might be so important that two silent aircraft with one bright flashing light each, would be following it.  He stated it was a regular run with no particular importance. I needed to go further to pick up the crew.  Near 20:56 crossing the railroad overpass the two flashing white lights were observable, still headed in a generally North direction along a parallel to the track.;29.1779;-95.446
