The UFO came into view quickly hovered just over trees, green light in center white, and red lights, then the little craft quickly flew;2015-03-30 22:00:00;20 seconds;The UFO came into view quickly hovered just over trees, green light in center white, and red lights, then the little craft quickly flew On March 30th, at roughly about 10:00pm.  As I was in route to my house, in the small town of Angleton, TX, just south of Houston.  I took the turn on North ridge headed west, when in the sky panning into view as if surveying, I see a small UFO come into view.  It would have been coming from the south headed north.  I immediately thought omg they have drones monitoring us in Angleton?  The UFO definitely had a green light and seemed to be centered in the middle of the little craft.  I could totally see this was a flying object flying approximately 30­40 feet above tree level.  There were definitely what appeared to be white head lights for surveillance or to see in general. There were also other colored lights, I definitely recall seeing red on either side of the craft.  Although, I couldn't make out the material of the UFO, I can say the craft did not have wings like a plane. The UFO came in and slowed down, I thought it was coming towards or watching me.  I could see it HOVERING back and forth as I sped down Lorraine Street towards it.  I then turned down the radio and rolled down the windows as it begins to rock back and forth then continues on north bound.  Very, very low flying and NO sound that I could hear.  There is no doubt it was not a plane and definitely not commercial, might it have been a drone?  It was small about 10­20 ft in diameter at the biggest, I believe it seemed small light weight because the way it hovered. I got a really good idea of how it turned and maneuvered. Of course, this was the first and only night I can remember being without my phone! Almost as if the spacecraft knew I couldn’t film it!  I proceed to see more and if it wasn't a threat. However, it didn't let me get to close before zipping away. The craft seemed to me to be surveying, or doing surveillance in the neighborhood perhaps looking for something?  Or only letting me getting a juicy view!  I saw the object for about 20 seconds, so I definitely got a good feel of the crafts intentions:  Seemingly non­ violent but it had orders and it was doing it’s job.  The craft seemed to have a mission looking, finding, searching, surveying or just watching and monitoring us in general.;29.1779;-95.446
Thick red line of light, slightly longer than the moon;2019-03-05 19:20:00;20 minutes;Thick red line of light, slightly longer than the moon I would say it was a thick line of light, pretty high in the sky & a little longer than the moons diameter. It was unmistakably red. It was a cloudy night but it was bright enough to shine through..  The way the red light shown was strange. It didn’t flash, but it was almost like the way something reflecting fire would look, the way the shadows moved in an unpredictable, wavy sort of way.  I stared at it for about 5 min and thought it wasn’t moving at all.  I went inside to do something for a few minutes.  When I came back out, it had moved from the East, a little farther North. It started raining while I was looking at it and it disappeared - I assumed because a thicker cloud was covering it.  I looked outside a few minutes later, but couldn’t find it again.  It was big/bright enough to appear on camera when I took a picture but you can’t tell its shape.;29.1779;-95.446
