large tringular object in the sky over my home;1989-05-15 21:30:00;4hrs.;large tringular object in the sky over my home my husband and i were sitting on our front porch just talking. i happened to see a bright light off to the north east. i thought it was a plane at first, then watching it longer i thought it was a helicopter flying low over our creek. then i realized it wasn't making any noise. i alerted my husband and by then my daughter came home.  when the object looked like it came to a halt over the creek and slowly turned toward us it really got our attention. by now it started to move toward us and also ny now my daughter and i were shaking quite badly.  whatever it was came over the house and sort of hovered right over us. i ran in and got my son, he and my husband went out into the driveway to see it better.  what i saw was a very large triangular shape with three lights and a lot of smaller lights (?) on the bottom.  it gave off no noise except maybe a very low humming(?). also no illumination, but the lights were very bright. my husband saw a sort of purple swirlly light under  it.  i had gone in to call a neighbor but of course he didn't beleive me.  we watched after that for a few hours nad it seemed to make a grid pattern out in the field across the creek.  i called the oneida county airport and the tv station to see if anyone else reported any unusual lights in the skies over barneveld. no one did .  i watched it for a few hours after my husband went to bed.  about 2 years later there was a report in our local paper about anyone seeing ufo's to please draw and write about what we saw. i did and someone from mufon(?) came by to take our statements.  to this day whenever we're outside we are always looking.  we amy never see it again but what a experience we had . and i will always admit truth to this story. it's  something i'll never forget.;43.2241;-75.1637
I was in bed and I heard what sounded like a high winds os, I look outside my bedroom window. As I looked out, I saw a very large black;2005-02-27 01:00:00;1 to 2 min's;I was in bed and I heard what sounded like a high winds os, I look outside my bedroom window. As I looked out, I saw a very large black Triangle above the clouds moving slow and once it came out of the clouds I could see lights going on and off all around the Triangle. The lights r not what u would see on a aircraft, they did not just go on and off,one would light up then go off and the next light would do the same  they would go on and off all around the Triangle, as if they where chasing each other. At first I through it was the B2 bomber, but I do not think it would have the type of lights I saw. I don't know maybe the miltary is testing a new plane? Also it was very large aircraft.;43.2241;-75.1637
