9/22/2012 Saw around 20 objects that changed stages.;2012-09-22 21:50:00;5 minutes;9/22/2012 Saw around 20 objects that changed stages. Today’s Date: 9/24/2012  Date of sighting: 9/22/2012  Time: approximately 9:50pm  I was driving northbound on Frantz Rd. in Dublin Ohio and entered the left hand turning lane and stopped at the red light.  I was anticipating turning left, onto Metro Place North, and therefore looked to my left and noticed some red looking dots in the sky. I thought, ‘Wow, those look kind of odd. Must be helicopters?’   I then heard a three ‘thwump, thwump, thwumps’ of a helicopter blade that sounded every bit military.  These sounds however came from my right.   I looked out my front windshield and up and over toward the direction of old downtown Dublin and saw no helicopter, nor heard nothing more of blades.  Looking back to my left these red dots were now close enough to have a visible shape. In this stage they were red and rectangular. Like the shape of a slightly shortened domino.   As the first one went by, the red color parted as a sliding glass door would at a department store.  This exposed a red translucent keg barrel shaped sphere. There was no red, only night sky all around this.  I noticed some black horizontals and a vertical line as it passed.  I went on to look at the others that opened in the same manner.  These however had orange translucent keg barrel shaped interiors.  The horizontal and the vertical lines appeared in shades of gray. The shades of orange would also vary.  As these passed more would stream in from the distance and follow in fashion continually moving eastward, and towards the end southeast and up. I would say 20 or so total over the course of a few minutes.  Dots, then rectangular, then opening, then closing, then moving on.  Two in particular came very close above the 10 or so story buildings.  They appeared to be maybe a 100 feet above the buildings.  I watched as these two orange keg barrel shaped things seemed to position themselves for something.  The one on the left stopped. It stayed stationary. The one on the right approached the one on the left more hurriedly than the speed at what the others had moved. It was like ! it got to close in error and started to become a darker orange! and red streaks developed in a couple places before it stopped moving. At the same time the one on the left was becoming a very pale, almost clear orange, to the point where I saw the top fray as if to release something and regain its form all in about a second or two’s time. At this same time the one on the right was beginning to regress or move back. This is the only time I saw one reverse direction. It started to return to a more medium or stable orange. This is when I saw something, I don’t know. The one that went pale all of a sudden had a panel on its left as I faced it. The panel turned, expanded in width or thickness, and outward as well. It then immediately contracted, turned back, rippled and looked like night sky again. Then a panel on the bottom followed suit. At this point it turned back to red, as they all had done as they moved on, then it jettisoned or repositioned upward to the left in the sky. Then was followed by the remaining ones. I could see the hydraulics to ! whatever I was witnessed. The design. The movements. The stages. The last one to pass, like the first, was also red. If I can add anything else to this I will.;40.1075244851257;-83.1236828375292
