'X' shaped, fairly slow moving, quiet aircraft. Totally unlike anything I have ever seen.;2004-07-08 21:00:00;2 minutes;'X' shaped, fairly slow moving, quiet aircraft. Totally unlike anything I have ever seen. I first noticed a bright light in the sky, looking like a very large, very bright star. I then thought it was a planet, although it looked a little large. Then I became aware of a red light to the side of it and realized that the object was moving closer to my position. At this point I decided it was a helicopter, as police helicopters routinely fly by this location. I waited to hear the familiar sound of a helicopter in flight, but the sound never came. As it drew closer it looked very much like a big car in the sky was headed towards me. By this I mean that the most noticeable thing was two big lights, on what was presumably the front of the aircraft, looking very much like car headlights in the sky. There was a third, smaller light between these two. All these lights were rather standard looking lights, although very bright. I'll note here that these lights were constant, not flashing. The object wasn't moving very quickly, but it was moving in what I consider to be a normal manner for an aircraft. As it drew closer I began to wonder why I still couldn't hear the noise of the helicopter's rotars, it seemed as though it was close enough that I should be able to hear it. When I did finally hear it it sounded like a jet airplane rather than a helicopter, though it was still moving at a speed that I associate with helicopters, not airplanes. The sound was also remarkably quiet. I am familiar with passenger airlines flying by with a deafening roar, this was nothing like that even as it passed almost directly over me. Now, as it got very close I began to notice the bizarre shape of the craft. It was night, so most of my impression of the shape came from the positioning of the lights, but I also got a general feel of an outline of the thing. It looked essentially like a big cross or letter 'x'. The 'headlights' I had seen before were still visible, and I now noticed that they also extended under the object at what I assume to be the front, reminding me somehow of a cockpit although I make no! assumption that is what I was looking at. This was approximately at where the branches of the 'x' join. On each branch there was a light near the end, plain white light on three but a red light on one, as best as I could tell. It is hard to be sure because the general impression I got was that I was looking at something the likes of which I had never seen before, so that added to the darkness made it hard to draw any 100% conclusions. I immediately called my friend who I know to be interested in this kind of thing. When I explained to him what I saw and told him the direction it was travelling in he informed me that it was heading directly towards Forbes Field. Interestingly, he had noticed a lot of military aircraft flying here lately, I had seen one or two myself while out with him. Also, almost immediately after I saw this UFO I noticed a helicopter circling the area for a few minutes. While my friend was here with me we actually noticed several aircraft flying by. It seemed like a lot more than usual, but it's not like I usually pay much attention to be honest.  Background information of the observer:  I'm 22 years old, currently unemployed. I'm English but I have been here in Kansas for 3 years. I'm not sure what background information anyone would find useful. I did very well in high school, followed by a couple of years in college in which I didn't do so well for personal reasons. In that time I did get an AS level in psychology though. I'm fascinated by anything unusual, but anyone would tell you I'm also a very down to earth guy. I have seen unusual things in the sky before but I have never made a report because I always had doubt. The general populace already mocks the study of UFO's enough without vague reports adding to it. This time I am positive I saw something highly unusual, an aircraft of a design that I am totally unfamiliar with. I am sure background information is meant to supply credibility for the observer. I can't think what to say to increase my credibility, but I assure you I am a sensible person, fascinated by the unusual but if anything I tend towards cynicism. I do not make this report lightly, and I have not embellished or jumped to any conclusions. I make this report because I feel it is the duty of credible witnesses with honest experiences to make a report.;39.040887012987;-95.6930437229436
Luminous Flourescent Green Flying Cross;2012-08-29 20:20:00;5 sec + 10 min;Luminous Flourescent Green Flying Cross While driving westbound on 45th Street, near the intersection of Stanley Road, I noticed a fluorescent green object in the sky to my WNW, at an elevation of approximately 45 degrees above the horizon.   At first it had a tube shape and I thought it was an airplane flying at me.  I realized it was not a single sidelight, but a solid mass of light.  Then the object made a sharp turn to the north and then immediately turned vertically. It had the shape of a &quotbird&quot or upside down cross, as there was no tail.  However, it was twilight and glowed a bright fluorescent green with orange around the entire edge.  Suddenly, it was gone. Logic left me as I realized it was NOT an airplane nor bird. I proceeded to Shawnee Heights Road, scanning the sky outside of my windows, trying to rationalize what I had just seen. I then continued to the roundabout at Croco Rd. and looped around until heading eastbound. I pulled over near the transformers, just east of the roundabout. Now I noticed a jet, with flashing wing lights and landing light, circling the aforementioned location of the object. This plane circled 3 times before moving off in a northerly direction. I continued into Topeka, where I heard and saw a plane flying over, towards the West. I am not sure if this was the same jet, or another.;39.040887012987;-95.6930437229436
