It was shaoped like an oval.;2008-12-15 15:30:00;about 5 min;It was shaoped like an oval. me and my two frinds witnest this event after school. on the day of the sighting we were at 14 and medferd av.  We first seen this flying object to the east.  then about one minute later  we seen the same object to the north east.  Then we seen it directly to the north, then we started to see a faint light coming from the center of the ufo. This object was approximately 2-5 miles away. ((NUFORC Note:  Source of report indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.040887012987;-95.6930437229436
Two different air-ships that traveled through a  city and traveling so low and making  no noise at all.;2011-01-04 19:00:00;30 to 40 minutes;Two different air-ships that traveled through a  city and traveling so low and making  no noise at all. It was 7:00 pm on the 4th of January and I has just gone up to the bed-room window and looked out and seen this very big oval shaped object that was moving very, very slow and on the very right side and on the very left side of it had a big brite light that stayed on and all the way on top and the bottom was these different colored lights that were blinking, (some red, blue, green and maybe some yellow colors) and it had passed right over my building, (the one that I'm living in) so it has passed through the middle of down town Topeka, Ks. and it was moving due-west from me, so after that finally had gone out of sight another UFO had just went over me again but this UFO was alot different, it had either one very-big brite light on it or it might have been a-few lights together but it would blink very, very slow but it's like it would come on for about one second and stay off for about 3 seconds and it was moving about five-times as fast than the first one was! moving at and their was no other lights on it so it could'nt of had any wings on it and both of the UFO's was making NO-NOISE at all and was traveling the very same path that the first one was traveling, so the first UFO was moving at a speed of about 20 to 30 MPH,, but it's weird because no planes ever travel this path before, going through the down-town area and both of the UFO's were at or right below the cloud-deck hight but it was a very clear night at that time and the reason I remember all of this so good is because I wrote the sightings down and drew them both while it was fresh in my mind and I've been living here in the same place for five years now and through the years of traveling around to different statea, (climbing trees for a living) and that I've lived near a-few different air-force bases in my life and also I have always been a star-gazzer, even when I was a young-boy so I've seen just about any and all different planes and their lights too so that's all! of the truth, as God is my witness. I know their are alot of Kids that make-up lies about this stuff but I'd never say or do anything like that because it's wrong and it makes people to NOT believe when people like myself tell of what we have seen and I have seen other UFO's in my life-time and I've Never-Ever reported them before but sence this happened right here in town and forbes air-force base is about 5 to 7 miles to my south and also I think that these UFO's might be their air-ships but I look at it and say why would they fly their air-ships right by us, so anyway that's about it,, thanks for listening and God Bless ya'll… ((NUFORC Note:  No other reports of this alleged sighting were submitted to our Center.  We would welcome other reports, if people witnessed similar objects.  PD));39.040887012987;-95.6930437229436
