Two orange objects, side by side moving south over Topeka, Ks;2010-06-05 01:00:00;35-45 seconds;Two orange objects, side by side moving south over Topeka, Ks I was sitting in my back yard facing straight south on Saturday 6-5-10. I had been outside about 15-20 minutes and then at approximately 1:AM, still facing south, I spotted, at an altitude of about 45 degrees up, and just slightly to the west, two separate lights, side by side, traveling directly from north to south. I ended up following one of the lights with a pair of 10x 50 binoculars, south, to an altitude of about 5 deg, just above the trees down the block. By this time it was far off and very dim. The sighting, from beginning to end, lasted around 35-45 seconds. The objects made no sounds,  jet, prop etc., completely silent. No blinking, or flashing  lights. Magnitude was 2.0, to 1.0 approximately. Looking through binoculars, the colors were a dim orange glow with no distinct lines and the shapes of the glows were rectangular with rounded over corners. Through binoculars they were approx 0.25 inches wide and the position of the “rectangles” were symmetric to one another. My first impression when viewing  when viewing through binoculars was that they looked like sky lanterns when they start to burn low, and all you see is the glow from the lower part of the paper sack, without the flicker of the flame. It was hard to tell, but the shapes looked like they were the bottoms of something as opposed to being the entire object. I could see (with binoculars), a very faint reflection or distortion out in front of the orange glows. This was dark in color and not really a reflection of the orange light but seemed more of a reflection or dist! ortion of the night sky. These reflections or distortions were extremely faint to the point of fading in and out of view. Height of the lights could have been satellite altitude or as low as passenger jet altitude, but I couldn't be sure. I do believe the lights were much higher than local air traffic height. Speed appeared slightly faster than satellite speed. Distance between the two objects, when I first spotted them, ( extending my arm up, in front of me at a 45 deg angle and spreading two fingers apart ) was about 3.  I like watching satellite / Iridium pass overs so initially I thought I was seeing two satellites. Movement of the objects appeared powered and was very fluid and constant. They stayed perfectly fixed, traveling in a straight line, side by side like two fighter jets in formation.  They were definitely not something being blown by the wind. There were stars between them so I know they weren't attached. I watched them like this, with naked eye, for a few seconds, but the lights looked different than satellites, not pin point reflections, but more of a dull glow, so I switched to my binoculars.  After a few seconds I began watching just one of the lights (the other light was outside the field of view of my binoculars ) until It dimmed out of sight, so I don't know if the other object stayed beside it the entire time.  As far down on the horizon as it traveled, about 5 deg, I would think the other object would've come into the FOV but I didn't see it.  The dull glow of these o! bjects was dim enough that had they been the smaller size of the pin-point of reflected light given off from a satellite passover, I probably wouldn't have spotted them.  Night was clear, moonless, little or no breeze.  I would be curious to know what these lights are, and someone else may be able to easily explain them, but in all my years of looking up, I'm at a loss.  I thought possibly a couple of Stealth fighters, but then they wouldn't be very stealthy with the orange glow part.  Forbes Field, (Previously Forbes Airbase) is a few miles to the south, so maybe it had something to do with that.  I'm not an expert, but I would think aircraft running lights would be required when flying over a city.  Background 48 year old male, some college education. Work in manufacturing, Interested in astronomy, I own an 8”  Schmidt-Cassegrain  telescope. Though I'm very much an amateur when it comes to astronomy, I'm not someone who mistakes things like Venus, aircraft running lights, satellites/iridium flares, meteors, etc. for ufo's.;39.040887012987;-95.6930437229436
Walking with children and they pointed up and asked what it was. I couldn't see it until it passed in front of a star and it distorted;2019-11-11 19:00:00;30 secounds;Walking with children and they pointed up and asked what it was. I couldn't see it until it passed in front of a star and it distorted the view of the star. Which I then saw it. I could see through it in parts. No noise. Much slower then a plane and very close to the building.;39.040887012987;-95.6930437229436
