4 similar sightings in one night over Valley City, North Dakota.;2015-08-09 21:30:00;30 minutes;4 similar sightings in one night over Valley City, North Dakota. Earlier this evening, around 9:30 pm (just after the sun had set,) a fellow gardener and I were standing in the community gardens of Valley City, ND, and casually talking.  Out of nowhere, a bright, intense object (best I can describe it, would be to say a white light sitting on top of a red light, faded into view of the southern sky, and began swooping around, quickly changing elevation and direction.  I say quickly, but the movement was also very fluid.  The object then proceeded to stay stationary for a brief moment, and then made a final swoop (in the shape of a backward letter J) and faded out.  This first sighting lasted approximately 45 seconds. As we sat there in amazement for a minute talking about what we might have just seen, a different object of the same characteristics appeared in the eastern sky, in the same manner, except remained stationary for approximately 5 minutes...long enough for us to assume it was a star or planet coming into view for the evening.  But, then the object began slowly dancing left to right (in this case north to south.)  The object began ascending into the sky, seemed to hesitate for a brief moment, and then descend below our line of sight. We sat there again, talking briefly as to what in the world we were just witness to, and then parted ways. When I arrived home about 5 minutes later, I informed my roommate, and we went for a quick drive to a better vantage point just to take another look.  Before we made it up on the hill, another similar object appeared in the eastern sky.  This object made similar movements as well, including low swoops, changes from left to right (north to south,) until finally soaring into the sky, hesitating yet again, and then descending below our line of sight. We sped up to get on top of the hill and look around, and saw nothing...until one final similar object appeared in the northern sky.  This object, although appearance was very similar, did not behave as erratically as the other three.  It simply glided along the horizon, heading east, pausing for a few brief moments.  After each pause, when the object proceeded to move again, it would get faster and faster, and finally disappeared out of sight. Although 3 separate cell phones attempted to capture photographs and videos, the objects we were tracking would not show up. You may contact me if you wish.;46.9232;-98.0056
