Bright light, moving faster than the planes close by!!!;2005-01-24 17:45:00;45 seconds;Bright light, moving faster than the planes close by!!! I first saw two airplanes, one to the north traveling to the west, prop engine noise was why I looked up, the other was a jet, also noise, traveling from the north to the south, while I was looking up, I observed a bright,white, light, just appear overhead, no details, just bright.  It was traveling faster than either of the planes from east to west, it disappeared as fast as it had appeared.  While looking up, trying to determine if this was another plane, it reappeared sightly to the north of the last location I had seen it in and was now traveling south to north, again, it was only visible for about 10 seconds.  While looking, I observed several high attitude jets (vapor trails), with the sun shining on them, but they were not as bright as this light.  And none were in the area I had observed the light. I am a retired Police Detective and now a Director of Training.  Would really love to know what that was?;35.4642999999999;-82.5336000000002
Bright star-shaped light with red center through binos appeared to have yellow and blue trails or bursts coming out of it.;2009-01-12 10:00:00;11:00;Bright star-shaped light with red center through binos appeared to have yellow and blue trails or bursts coming out of it. On the night of Monday, January 12, my son and I were outside facing the south-western sky when we saw this bright light that appeared to be a star.  It was HUGE and for a moment I thought that it could have been Venus, although, I've never seen Venus so enormous.  Upon starring at it for a few minutes it appeared to have a red center.  The Asheville Airport is near here so we are familiar with aircraft travel and appearances.  The aircraft from the airport that we did see during this event would pass behind or to the side of this bright object. I called my Mother who lives in Etowah (about 20mins west of my location)  and she said that she also saw the bright light.  We don't have a telescope so we used binoculars to look closer.  Looking through the binoculars  also appeared to have a red center and trails of yellow which turned blue at the top coming off of it, almost like a meteor or satellite coming into the atmosphere.  However, this changed.  It then began  to appear that what I thought had been trails were surrounding it.  I checked to see how it looked at that point by the naked eye and it appeared to be as I had originally seen it  just a huge star with a red center.  After being unable to determine what it was I went inside the house and checked back 30 minutes later where it had appeared to have moved latterly across the horizon toward west.  I know that it moved because on first seeing it the object had been right between two trees and on my seconding outing I saw it behind a tree more to the west. I have seen this same light on other occasions but assumed that it was Venus or some gigantic star. If I see it again, I will definitely post again.   Could this be Venus?  Or a satellite falling?;35.4642999999999;-82.5336000000002
