I was on my way from Cincinnati to Kettering on Interstate 75 going north and I was about 2 to 3 miles south of the exit onto Interstat;2010-11-04 17:07:00;8 minutes;I was on my way from Cincinnati to Kettering on Interstate 75 going north and I was about 2 to 3 miles south of the exit onto Interstate 675. It was dark and dry with overcast skies.  As I was making my way I saw four very bright white lights symmetrically placed on a craft that I thought was an aircraft. Those lights were pointed south parallel to 75.  Each outboard light was approximately 100 feet from the centerline of the craft and each inboard light was approximately 40 ft from the centerline of the craft. The white lights were brighter and more white than white lights I have seen on aircraft.  However, the brightness of these lights did not bother my eyes.  As I watched this craft I kept on saying to myself  “this is a big aircraft.”   As I got closer to 675 I realized this craft  did not seem to be moving.  Then I said to myself, “ this must be the lights at the Dayton Mall.”   Then I started into my turn onto 675. I rolled down my driver’s window as I was now moving in front of whatever this was.   As I looked at this thing I realized it was not part of the Dayton Mall lighting because it was sitting over a very dark and empty field.  This object whatever it was, was not illuminating the space below its lights, but its lights were pointed dead ahead and whatever this object was it sat about three hundred feet above the ground.  I said to myself “ what is that?”  Then all of a sudden the object started moving ahead and to its left. Wow what is that?  Then I realized it was heading towards 675.  Then I realized it was going to cross 675.  Then I realized it was going to cross 675 right in front of me. Now I watched this craft through my side window and then through my front window.  It was going about 60 mph at about 300 feet above the ground.  As it crossed in front of me I said “Oh my God it is a ring.”   But the rear of this craft was bathed in soft red light and I saw a three-disk type solid structure.  The larger disk was on the bo! ttom.  The middle disk was a smaller diameter than the bottom d! isk and the top disk was an even smaller diameter than the middle disk.   But I could not see where the soft red light was coming from. However, as I watched it fly by I saw a very strange pattern of light on the rear right-side rings of this craft.  This pattern of light covered only a relatively small area.  The pattern of light was a series of black pulses of light or something blanking out the red illumination of this craft.  It was very strange.  There were about 6 black pulses in a row.  Each pulse was about 2 feet square.  They were not constant in time. There seemed to be a fast repetition rate.  I then lost sight of the craft out of my passenger side window. This was a rush hour.  So I could not safely pursue this craft.  And I could not safely pull off of 675 without causing an accident Now what was this craft?   I have no idea. It was not an airliner.  There were no wings.  It made no noise. No it was not a blimp.  The craft was very thin.  There were many cars on 675 and 75.  When this craft crossed 675 (west-bound first and then east bound next) it had to have been seen by many people.  It was so big and slow and right above the heavy traffic.  But I have not seen any reports on the sighting of this craft at all.  Now I must say I could not see any structure of this craft when I was in front of it or when it was flying towards me other than its bright lights.  However, only when it was passing in front of me did I see its 3-disk type structure.  From the side view, this craft was big.  The front-view of this craft was very wide because of the distances of the bright white lights from the centerline of this craft.  However, I saw no fuselage as I looked at it from the front. This craft made no noise.;39.6319999999997;-84.2634000000001
My b.f. and I were stargazing on our back porch after I told him I saw a very vivid and long falling star trail.;2015-08-01 00:30:00;2 minutes;My boyfriend and I were stargazing on our back porch, after I told him I saw a very vivid and long falling star trail.  As we were hoping to see another, straight back above our fence line (in our neighbors back yard), an oblong object with bright and quick flashing red and green lights appears to be dancing back and forth.  There was no sound, only lights. It stopped and went away after a few seconds, but came back and did it once again.   After that, we did not see anything else. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.6319999999997;-84.2634000000001
