Two red lights hovering over home in Northfield, NJ;2015-07-11 21:45:00;5 minutes;Two red lights hovering over home in Northfield, NJ At approximately 9:45 pm on 7/11/15 in Northfield, NJ...I was in my front yard, smoking a cigarette, sort of gazing across the street at my neighbor's house.  After a few moments, my eyes started to wander off to the left (westward) towards the bike path that is provided to us by our municipality.   As I started to look that way, I noticed something in the sky.  I glanced up and instantly dropped my cigarette. Above the tree line on the bike path, there were two red objects hovering.  They glowed a bright red light and seemed to flash and change colors from red to white.   After a second or two of standing there, I ran inside to grab my iPhone so I could record this event.  I work in television production and have been around drones for a lot of that work.  I also fly weekly for my job.  I'm in and around planes and airports and have been for the last 12 years. These objects were not drones.  They were not planes. I took 2:30 mins of footage before my phone's battery started to die.  It was inside on the charger initially and was only around 5% charged when I took the footage. The two objects hovered for awhile, then one took off and flew away. Far away.  They were both pretty large at first.  Smaller than a full moon but much larger than a star.  The one that flew away though did eventually become small enough that it looked like a star. After a few more seconds, 20 maybe, the one that flew off - which was the one situated on the right hand side - reappeared on the left hand side, lower - again by the tree line and much larger. The two hovered again for about a minute. My phone was dying. I ran back inside to charge it and after a few minutes, I came back outside with my 3 year old son.  We recorded another 20 seconds of footage and he - though very young and being a child - was able to identify the object and you can hear his voice call it the flashing star. I'm well educated. I work for a Fortune 500 company. I have a child and I'm an excellent father. I've been around drones and planes for my work. This was neither. My very first reaction was to run and grab a camera.  That wouldn't have been my reaction if I had ever seen anything like this before.  It's also important to note that Northfield is a very normal and pristine little borough outside of Atlantic City.  The area here is quiet and family oriented and filled with decent people.  This is not a hoax or a gimmick or some weird thing. I saw two UFO's.  These two objects hovered, flew, flashed bright red and appeared to travel great distances in very short time.  I have a video that is worth watching. It can be seen at the following link:  https://youtu.be/LPwEFmfgjjQ;39.3774;-74.5612
