7 FT FROM UFO ORB SEEN INSIDE HOW WORKS!;2011-08-27 00:00:00;20 sec;7 FT FROM UFO ORB SEEN INSIDE HOW WORKS ! hi i +-((name deleted)) and started on the 18th out watering yard 9pm and i went water in front yard and i pull hose back streech it out and was in middle of street when i noticed in feild blue red light behind trees and i not think i weed feed my yard that day and i needed water good 2hrs so i was done 1st half then had pull out more hose and i noticed again was 20 30 min later ? so i drop hose and go across street then i really tell it moving back 4th i say looked be 30ft back 4th ! so i run down stop sign get better look at this HUGE grey disk and it moved again back 4th 3 times then 3rd time went east and i trying find open sky but cant see over house then i try video on my ipod but hands shaking so hard and so i push wrong setting and i try whyfi buddy still shaking  i give up and then noticed right above me was bright orb shot over me space so i try once again try whyfi friend still nin panic and stuck on wrong setting then i give up and the this bright orb ! went under our neiberhood about 1000ft ? then all dogs bark sametime and then gone !! so then on the 27th me and my son was out watering yard it was little after midnight and he was up late we watched movie and he wanted go outside me keep eye in sky and so i say ok i done lets go and not even 5 sec after this bright light flash behind us and made pop noise and this orb went spinning next me my son about 7ft away 4 5 ft off ground moving fast walk and it had this bubble around it with this magnetic feild around it and then this glass looking dimond looked be and inside it was this GLOWING CHERRY RED LIQUID and this red stuff seemed be battery and so this orb flew past use about 25ft away it hit man hole and then it arked and hit power pole ! so this how it works !! the bubble of energy pull power everyplace and with this dimond in middle will refect 2 times light ? and so it able pull any power anyplace any powerline .. so if you see these orbs fly in air all perfect posision they all running same power grid ! they all power off eacho! ther it seem ? and so they go up to disk power up it or it power them ? these things can make perfect crop circle and why bend at bottom steam and so be like zerox and it has spin look to it ! now i seen this and me boy compair the fack real and very easy tell ! so when people want take picture these thing run on eletric so by time you push button it gone ! so i see this charles shyes who made smallest engine size hair and it was same type thing kinda we seen and so i got hold him he really interested so he not have time but he was really wanting talk BIGTIME so i really having hardtime with this ! OK JUST STORY ! no i got facts go behind how this works and all these people will see i right . so i have turned other chapter in ufo files ! ALL WE EVER THOUGHT WAS THAT THEY JUST BRIGHT LIGHT OR GLOW MATALIC OBJECT !!! ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he seemed quite earnest in asserting that the report is legitimate.  PD));44.8392;-122.7985
