Bright white spherical objects when stationary blinking white and red when travelling;2006-07-01 22:15:00;three nights;Bright white spherical objects when stationary blinking white and red when travelling On July 1 I noticed a bright object about 20 degrees above the ESE horizon.  Inspection with binoculars revealed a sphere covered with a mosaic of white lights, some tubes, some bulbs.  This was about 10:15 PM.  There was a quarter moon, there was a high thin cloud layer with no stars in sight.   Inspection of the sky with binoculars revealed very many small dim lighted objects with the same features as the bright object.  Several times spheres blinking white and red moved fairly rapidly across the sky from south to northeast.  Only one, a white one only and a bit larger than the multicolored ones moved from NE to S.  A couple of planes readily identified as such passed overhead.  The most bizarre event was the appearance (I don’t know where it came from) of a sphere with red lights, about 6-10’ in front of a fir tree on the other side of a grass seed field about 2-3,000 yards away.  It stayed there until I went in about 11:30 PM.  The next night the brighter-than-anything-else-in-the-sky was at about 45 degrees above the southern horizon with a second, smaller and dimmer, almost directly overhead.  All exhibited the same appearance as those last night.  Only one flashing sphere traveled from south to northeast.  By 10:35 the stars were out in the clear sky, but none as bright as the strange object.  There were no strange red spheres in the woods.  Last night  I invited my neighbor, ((name deleted)), to join me to verify what I was seeing.  Again the bright object was 45 degrees up and again there was a smaller one directly overhead.  ((name deleted)) confirmed the lighting configuration and the existence of several objects seen only through binoculars.  The sky was brilliantly clear showing off the stars which even without binoculars looked different than the lighted object.  We saw on sphere blinking red and white, but it remained stationary, no traveling spheres and no strange red lights.  I will be watching tonight;44.8392;-122.7985
