it desended at a tremendous rate of speed, stopped abruptly above the trees, suddenly a beam of blue white light lit up my car;1972-06-10 00:00:00;20 minutes;it descended at a tremendous rate of speed, stopped abruptly above the trees, suddenly a beam of blue white light lit up my car I worked the second shift at a local hospital in the nursing department.  My 65 year old mother lived just down the road from the hospital.   This particular night I finished my shift and left work at the usual time of 11:25 pm.  I drove the few minutes from the hospital to my mothers home.  I lived in the bordering state and she had babysat for my five month old son.   My mom and I had made plans to have her spend the night at my home so we could go shopping the next day.  I arrived at her home around 11:30 that night, collected my son and my mom and we headed out to my home.  It was a 15 minute drive from her home to my home.  The night was extremely clear, the sky filled with bright shinning stars.  We chatted as I drove, thinking of nothing more then the shopping trip we would be making the next day.   My normal route was a short cut driving on mostly secondary roads with very few houses, just open fields and a beautiful view of the night sky.   As I drove along, I noticed right in front of me, very high in the sky, it appeared to be up there with the stars in altitude, a multi colored lighted object.  It was flashing blue, red, green and bright white lights.  My mother, sitting in the front passenger seat also noticed it.  One could not help but notice it with all the flashing lights, it was so obvious in the night sky.   We both thought it was a airplane.  Then, quite suddenly, it was dropping from the sky right in front of us.  I abrupty stopped the car and we both looked and watched in horror as it dropped from the sky! We both still thought it was a plane, about to crash!  I sat watching with my hands over my ears.  I didnt want to hear the impact that I was sure was about to happen.  Maybe dropping is the wrong word to use, because this object was desending at a tremendous rate of speed.  Then, as we watched, abruptly, just like on a dime, it stopped, hovering above two trees directly in front of us, on the right side of the road. One second, it was up with the stars and just a small object with lights, and withing 30 seconds, it was at tree top level right in front of us not more then 100 feet away.  The colored lights appeared to implode back into the object itself and now just brilliant white lights flashed.  It made a very soft, quite humming sound as it hovered just above the trees.  There were no other sounds of an engine or of any kind, except for this humming.   I was terrified, my hands shaking as I clenched the steering wheel, I was so afraid for all of us in the car, especially my infant son, asleep in his car seat in the back.  This object was absolutly huge!  Just tremendous in size!  It was saucer shaped, with some sort of dome.  Around the entire dome, we both could clearly see a panel of windows.   What we saw through those windows gave me nightmares for many years.  There were beings looking out at us!  They were not human in appearance.  I counted 5, my mother, until her death five years ago, swore she counted 6.  I do not know what they were, but they were not human beings.  From our view, we could see large oval black eyes, with big bug like heads attached to what appeared to be very thin necks with long thin arms.  My mother and I both thought they appeared to be grey in color.   The object hovered there in front of us and we sat frozen, watching it for about 5 or 6 minutes, then, suddenly from somewhere on the underbelly of this object, a bright, blue white light beam shot out at us, lighting the inside of my car like it was daylight!  This light was so bright, so brilliant, that it hurt our eyes and we both had to cover our eyes with our hands to avoid it!  It was so bright that the best way to describe it is to say it was just like the blue white light that one sees in a lightening bolt!  This beam kept the car lit up for a minute or two, then just as suddenly, it imploded back to the craft.   We took our hands away from our eyes and watched as it abruptly started to very, very slowly move, again, with no sound other then the quiet humming.  It moved above the car.  In terror, I started to drive, anxious to get the heck off of that secondary road and onto the highway to get home!  I was only about a quarter of a mile away from the main roadway.   As I drove toward the highway, the object flew just a slight distance ahead of my car and it was again, within our view.  It was almost like it was leading me to the main route.   I continued driving until I reached the highway.  The object was still directly ahead of us, and it had remained at the same altitued of tree top level.  I made a right turn onto the highway, it did the same.  It continued traveling just ahead of me, following the main highway.   We continued on for approximatly a mile and a half.  At that point, I had reached the left turn to go on the road to my home.  I turned, the craft continued, following the main route.  My home was just a few minutes away.  I got to my home and shut the car off and both my mom and I could still hear, faintly, in the distance the humming as the craft continued on.  I don't think either one of us actually slept that night, I was still shaking the next morning it was such a tramatic experience for us!  I felt compelled to notify someone about what we had seen.   The very next morning, I phoned the civil defense in a neighborring city.  I expected to be laughed at, I was not.  When I gave them my full statement of what had happened they informed me, that they had recieved thousands of phone calls from people that had witnessed the same sighting.  Some they informed me, had merely seen it high in the night sky but there had been many others, like me and my mother, that had seen it at a very close distance.   This event happened to me many years ago, but it is one that I will never forget! I have told hundreds of people about that evening, and I will continue to tell everyone that asks until I am no longer able to. There is life outside our little world, I don't understand the  why's and how's, but I know there is, I have seen it! I hope in your lifetime, you will see it also. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the event is approximate.  We will attempt to establish a precise date for the event.  PD));41.9575;-73.5283
While driving home from work, a huge saucer shaped craft descended from the night sky, and hovered over the tree tops, 50 feet from my ;1972-06-22 23:45:00;15 mins.;While driving home from work, a huge saucer shaped craft descended from the night sky, and hovered over the tree tops, 50 feet from my car.  The only sound, was a soft humming.  Suddenly, from somewhere on the craft, a beam of light shot out and directly onto my car. 1972, June. I was working the second shift in the local hospital in Sharon Ct. My mother who lived in Sharon was babysitting for my 5 month old son.  I left the hospital around 11:30, stopping at my mothers to pick my son up and her (she was coming to my home to spend the night). We left her house around 11:40pm enroute to my home in Millerton N.Y.. The night sky was very clear, staars in abundance.  A beautiful summer night.  The flashing lights of what we thought was an airplane caught our eye.  It was at a very high altitude, almost appeared that it was another star except for the colored lights, (blue, red, green)..To our horror, it started to fall from the sky at a tremendous rate of speed...I stopped my car and with my hands over my ears ( didn't want to hear the noise when it impacted against the ground)..watched as it plummeted toward us.  Then, right before our eyes, it stopped, just over the trees not 50 feet from our car. We were terrified, with my hands shaking I watched in shear fright as it hovered above the trees.  It was a saucer shape, metallic gray in color, with a dome that had what appeared to be rows of windows.  It was so close that both my mother and I could see inside.  What we saw will forever remain in my our memories!  They were not human!  Four or five beings with a grayish skin tone, and huge black eyes looked out at us.  Suddenly from somewhere on the craft a beam of brilliant, blue-white light, struck our car...this beam of light was so bright that it hurt our eyes, for about 15 seconds this light remained on my car and then suddenly it imploded back into the craft. Slowly the craft began to move directly over the car.  The only sound it made was a very soft humming.  I was absolutley terrified, my only thought at that time was to get my infant son home where we would be safe ?  I took my foot from the brake and proceeded to drive.  The craft remained at the same altitude and drifted just  about 100 feet ahead of me.  The road that I was on was a secondary road that joined with a major rt.  I intersected rt. 22 and began my 10 min. drive from there to my home.  The craft remained ahead of me at the same distance and altitude until I turned off 22 onto MaGhee Hill Rd., where I lived.  When I arrived at my house my mother and I could still the hummi! ng from the craft as it continued going north, above rt. 22.  The next day on the 12:00 news there was a brief report of  a UFO  sighting  in the city of Albany N.Y. about 50 miles from Millerton.  This sighting had been reported by two N.Y. state troopers !  It was seen about two hours after I had seen it.  They described the craft exactly as I did, same lights, speed, color, and it made a humming noise.  To get to Albany from Millerton one would drive north, on rt. 22.  I have always believed that this craft seen in Albany was the same one that I had seen two hours earlier as I drove home. This was my first sighting of a UFO, but it has not been the only sighting I have had.  Since that time I have had six or seven additional sightings. They have been different shapes, triangle, cigar..saucers.  There is no doubt in my mind that we are not alone here on this planet and we have not been for many thousands of years.  The technology behind the crafts I have seen, was and still is far to advanced for our world.;41.9575;-73.5283
