Clear night, full moon.  Was driving home when noticed something very bright in the sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius?  PD));2007-01-02 20:00:00;@3 hours;Clear night, full moon.  Was driving home when noticed something very bright in the sky.  It appeared at first to be a very bright star but when I got home I got a better look at it.  It appeared to change colors like a strobelight.  Blue,green,red,white,yellow one after the other over and over again,very fast.  This object appear to be slowly moving to the left and right while hovering @1,000feet.(assuming it was @the hieght of clouds) It also seemed to have spikes of light coming out of it (very symetrical. Well called a friend who called a friend with a telescope and rushed and set it up. We observed what looked like a purple ball(perfect circle) with a cell membrain around it.(no other star in the sky looked like this through the telescope) It was very hard to get a good view throught the telescope as it was moving. THere were many witnesses to this, many cars were to the side of the road observing this.  We also saw what appeared to be planes doing fly byes of this object and then circleing around to check again.  One plane (flying extremely fast) came very close to the object, we thought it was going to collide but then aircraft veered below it.  Have no clue what we saw but it was weird. ((NUFORC Note:  Sirius sighting?  PD));41.9575;-73.5283
Same thing as I stated in previous report, observed this in south eastern sky very low. it has moved in less than 2 minutes to due east;2007-01-03 17:41:00;ongoing;Same thing as I stated in previous report, observed this in south eastern sky very low. it has moved in less than 2 minutes to due east high in the sky and seems to be getting farther away very slowly.  A few smaller lights very similar appear in sky also.  it is overcast so they are ABOVE the clouds as the occasionally get covered b the clouds.  They all seem to be slowly fading in the sky.  Could this be a meteor shower???  I dont see trails though... and they seem stable and dont show any pattern.;41.9575;-73.5283
