Large, black triangle w/ large white light at each corner, flying low and slow.;1994-08-15 22:00:00;5 minutes;Large, black triangle w/ large white light at each corner, flying low and slow. I was 16 years old at this time, driving with a friend down a country road.  There were open farm fields on either side of the road.  The sky was clear (no major cloud cover) but it was quite dark.  We noticed three lights in the sky to the left of the road probably a mile ahead.  As we got closer, we slowed down because the thing we saw looked so strange. It was a very large black triangle shape flying quite low and slow.  The low flying altitude is what first caught our attention, as this was highly unusual.  I could only guess it was several hundred feet long.  It was completely silent.  It had one large white light at each of the three corners.  They seemed to be facing forward like three searchlights or headlights or something.  Definitely not like the small marker lights on airplane wings or the landing lights I had seen on planes heading into the airport (which was nowhere near where we were). We were dumbfounded that this huge thing could be up in the air, moving as slow as it was, without making any sound.  It was too big to be a plane.  Didn’t look like any balloon or blimp I had ever seen.  We were freaking out, but at the same time just couldn’t believe what we were seeing and didn’t want to stop tracking it.  We basically slowed to a stop, as the object was flying toward us on our left, still going over the field.  We eventually got scared and drove away, since we figured we were sitting ducks and whoever was in the thing was certainly watching our headlights. I wish I had a camera or cellphone to record it.  This was pre-Internet and I had never seen or heard of anything like this object prior to this encounter.  Up to that point, my only concept of a UFO was of a flying saucer or disk of some sort.  If my friend wasn’t with me to witness it, I would have felt like I was crazy or something. Ironically, only a few months later, I was at a friend’s house and there was this coffee table book about UFO’s on the living room end table.  I was just randomly flipping through pages, not really expecting to see anything in particular.  Lo and behold, I see a photo of exactly what we saw.  My stomach dropped.  Other people had seen this thing too! Now with the internet, I’ve come to find that what I saw is actually quite common, other than the configuration of the lights not always being the same.  It’s quite gratifying to know that we weren’t the only ones to see this peculiar sight.  If this thing had been moving fast, I think I would have been much more skeptical.  Maybe just a super high tech military plane, perhaps.  It was the astoundingly slow speed that got me, like how the heck is this not falling out of the sky!   And it’s way bigger than any plane!  It still spooks me out thinking about how intense that moment was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.1152298107257;-85.5138285488949
