Daylight sighting over Georia;2002-02-17 16:00:00;1 hour;Daylight sighting over Georia I was on I85 heading from Lavonia, GA towards Atlanta, GA. My mother and I saw what at first appeared to be a plane crashing. We did not have a camera or a telescope. The oject was red with a long tail coming from it. My mom and I decided that it must be a meteor, however in a few minutes, the tail disappeared and the object began climbing up towards another object in the sky that we had not at first noticed. The two objects were beside one another for a few seconds, then one went straight up into the sky, and the second one began to descend. The one that was climbing up looked kind of like a squid because of the twin trails of smoke coming from behind it. We lost the descending one behind trees in the distance, and the ascending one became blocked from our view by the sun. There were a lot of other cars on the interstate during this event, but I do not honestly know if anyone else witnessed it. I have never seen anything like it before and didn't know where to go to research this information.;34.4588;-83.1147
Very, very slow moving lights, traveled a small distance, very high in the sky, lasted about 5 minutes.;2018-04-03 00:20:00;5 minutes;Very very slow moving lights, traveled a small distance, very high in the sky, lasted about 5 minutes. March 3, 12:20 AM EST Was outside smoking my last cigarette for the day, when I noticed multiple flare type flashes almost straight up in the sky.  I see planes all the time as I am in between two major flight paths coming and going out of Atlanta.  The altitude of this flash was well above that and almost could be considered a star.  I am also aware of the regular flashing running lights on aircraft. This was not an aircraft. I am also fairly certain it was not an irridium flare.  As this flashing started at a certain point in the sky and was moving very very slowly compare to aircraft.  It lasted about five minutes, with flashes about every 10-30 seconds, and did not travel very far in the sky before the flashing stopped.  There was no pattern to the flashing other than it was very brilliant and was a slow flash or flare type light.  Not the blinking type lights on aircraft.  It flashed over ten times in time period I witnessed this event.  Distance traveled from start to finish would be the length of your index finger if you held it up to the sky. I am not an astronomer or science guy of any kind, as you can tell.  I go outside to smoke to keep from smelling up the house and bother the rest of my family.  At night, there is nothing outside to look at but the sky.  So, I see planes all the time along with shooting stars and I believe I saw a satellite one time on the horizon.  It did not flash and was moving quickly and steadily.;34.4588;-83.1147
