numerous UFO's erratically streaming from red rock formation guarded by gov't black helicopters;1993-05-07 20:00:00;approx 30 minutes;numerous UFO's erratically streaming from red rock formation guarded by gov't black helicopters Some friends and I were doing some hiking/hanging out on Schnebly Hill in Sedona, Arizona sometime during the month of May in 1993.  There were approximately 10-20 of us all around the area. It's been more than 10 years, so I'll do my best at decribing what I can remember. I only just found this site today (07/19/04).  I was living in Sedona at the time, and my friends and I loved to go hiking whenever we could. We had heard many stories of UFO's, but most there had never witnessed any personally.  A couple of my closest friends and I were inside the van which was parked at the top of Shnebley (sp?)or as close as we could get. There was a sort of pseudo rocky parking lot which we used as a base.  I don't remember the exact time, but it was near dusk and I was inside the van with a few friends. All of a sudden someone pulled open the sliding door and screamed, you've got to come see this....there are some strange things going on out here!  So, of course, we all piled out and walked to the end of the parking lot, looking towards the major rock formations directly across from us (I can't remember the name of the certain formation now). They were all pointing across the way to what looked like two black helicoptors which were looking like they were guarding either side of this strange rock formation. This is so hard to explain, I wish I could remember the name of the rock...you'd know exactly how it was set up. WEll, just then, the middle flat front face of this rock formation all of a sudden disappeared while the black helicoptors just stood guard on either side of the cave and UFO's stared flying out of the new formed cave. The UFO's were fling very erraticly, hard to count or follow a certain one. They continued to zip about until all were out of the cave. Then in a flash they were here, then there, then zap! gone! no where to be seen! Then, the rock face closed back up and the black helicoptors waited a few minutes and took off.  All of us were stunned, needless to say. We didn't know what to think and all of us had our own descriptions of what we saw, but we all agreed that we had witnessed something none of us could explain. All of us all felt an unnatural buzzing like a different frequency disturbing the area.  During the next few months of living there, I encountered many sightings of black helicopters, strange stories of government men in black turning away hikers in certain areas and caves, and even a strange underground explosion, or earthquake, or something...(none who were with me ever heard anything in the news about an earthquake or explosion underground in the Sedona area).  I still don't know exactly what we all saw, but it was definitely something all of us witnessed that we had never before imagined or could deny.;34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
Formation of black objects in the sky above Sedona, AZ.;2002-12-25 17:23:00;Not sure;Formation of black objects in the sky above Sedona, AZ. I was on a day trip in Sedona, Az.  I took over a hundred photos during the whole day.  It was not until a few years later that my father was browsing through some of my nature photos noticed something in the sky in one of the photographs. Often I would take several shots in a row, moving the camera slightly to capture a different angle.  I took a total of four photos of the same area.  In one of the photos you can see very small black objects in the sky in the distance. I did not notice anything unusual when I was there at the time. Just wanted to share this and maybe get an explanation as to what you may think it is.  I will be sending 4 photos. Thank you for your time.;34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
Three lights in a triangle over Sedona, AZ;2005-04-01 10:30:00;00:01.00;Three lights in a triangle over Sedona, AZ Back in April sometime, three friends of mine were visiting me from California in Sedona, AZ. Two of them are a couple and the third is an old friend of mine who comes to visit me regularly. The couple decided on their second or third night visiting that they would like to go camping somewhere nearby. The boyfriend had never been to Sedona, and was taken away by its beauty. He talked the whole visit about what he wanted to see in the area while he was there and his desire to explore the metaphysical aspects to Sedona. After the couple came back from their hike that day, they were ready to go on the camping expedition. My other friend from California and I took them out to a spot we knew on a big, tall hill just outside the Village of Oak Creek near Sedona, just off of Beaverhead Flat or Seven Mile Road. My friend was tired, so she decided to stay asleep in the passenger seat of her truck, which we had used to lead the couple in their truck. It was about 2100 hours when we arrived at the campsite, I believe I can't be sure. However, the three of us cracked a Beck's Beer each and started shooting the breeze. About an hour or hour and a half later was when the sighting occured. The couple and I were standing an equal disctance from each other around the campfire, talking. Somehow, the subject of UFOs came up in the course of conversation, and the boyfriend casually mentioned his desire to see one while in Sedona. The girlfriend confirmed, saying that he basically wouldn't shut up about it on their hike earlier in the day. No more than two minutes passed when, in the middle of a sentence while speaking to me, the girlfriend broke off and said, Is that a UFO? She didn't point, but her eyes looked so wide they were about to burst out, and she was looking directly over my shoulder. I turned around, and without skipping a beat, I said: Yes, it is. The boyfriend's eyes were transfixed in the same direction, his mouth hanging open like a Looney Tunes cartoon. What I saw was just above the horizon to the West: Three lights, in a perfect triangle (I don't rightly remember the orientation), maintaining their position. The lights were brighter than any other object in the sky, even with this being a clear, starry night, but they were so far away they looked to be in space, not in the atmosphere. Immediately after confirming the girlfriend's sighting, I yelled to the boyfriend to grab the camera. John*, grab the camera! He just sat there staring. I looked back at the lights. They started to ever so slowly move over to the right almost imperceptably. John*, get the f*cking camera! Now! Go! I yelled. He started to run around frantically, looking for the camera that he hadn't even unpacked yet, while not taking his eyes off the lights. He tripped over several objects. I knew where my friend's camera was, so I ran back to her truck, the girlfriend in tow (scared out of her wits, screaming), and threw open the driver door. The girlfriend cowered behind me. I yelled at my friend while grabbing around frantically in the dark truck for the camera. Sarah*! Wake up wake up! Look! I pointed out her window, in the direction the lights had been. She turned and looked. What? She said. It's gone?! I yelled. I looked over at the boyfriend, who was now holding his camera in his limp right arm, looking more disappointed than I've ever seen a soul. He told me what happened: Dude, it moved over to the right all fast, and then it was just gone. I asked him if he got a picture, and he said he didn't find the camera in time. My friend never got to see it, but the other three of us have never seen more proof-positive evidence as to the existence of UFOs. We are all true believers now. The boyfriend kept muttering that he had had a life-changing experience, and how he would think differently about everything now. I tried to use humor to make myself feel more comfortable out in the wilderness. The girlfriend was very scared, but expressed a willingness to remain in the wilderness with her boyfriend, who was now stating his want to be abducted. And my friend was scared silly by the looks on the rest of our faces, and wanted to get out of there. We left, wishing the couple good luck on their possible abduction, and high-tailed it out of there as fast as we possibly could. We asked the couple in the morning if anything else had occured, and they said nothing after we left. I wish we had a picture, so we wouldn't sound crazy, but we'll all take a lie detector test any day.  *I changed these names. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting event is approximate.  PD));34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
