-daytime triangular craft over Sedona;1989-05-05 17:00:00;1 minute;-daytime triangular craft over Sedona Late afternoon with a clear sky, my mother was taking photographs of the mountains east of Sedona from near the downtown tourist area of Arizona. A few weeks later when she developed the pictures a black craft appeared in two of the photos. It only appeared in the negative and the developed photo. She had seen nothing but the view of the sky and mounains nor heard or felt anything unusual when she took the photos. The object is a triangular shape with the corners removed exactly the shape of the UFO reported by someone on this same website from the U.K. [See in NUFORC database: Occurred : 3/12/1996 17:30 (Entered as : 03/12/96 17:30)  Reported: 8/31/2001 05:33 Posted: 3/4/2003  Location: Clacton-On-Sea, ]  The object is in a clear, blue sky approximately as high as a plane flying relatively low and about 20 miles away from downtown Sedona. An enlargement of the photo from the negative seemingly show two sides in motion - that is, a bit blurred, with one ( of the three sides) having a more defined line. I will send a copy of the enlarged photo as well as the smaller snapshot as soon as possible.)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date of sighting is approximate.  PD));34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
Gigantic craft, silent - stacked rounded lit windows, huge turbo engine. Followed  by three black helicopters;1998-09-21 19:25:00;15 min.;Gigantic craft, silent - stacked rounded lit windows, huge turbo engine. Followed  by three black helicopters A huge craft that from a distance looked like a blimp, came from Boynton Canyon, flying toward the Southeast. It flew by our back deck at a distance of about 500' above the homes in our 55 or over community. There were three of us sitting on our back deck drinking ice tea. It was huge - at least the size of 4 football fields. It was lit up with windows similar to those you see in a ferry. They were stacked 4 to 5 levels high and all lit up. It was silent, but it had wings and also a huge turbo type engine in the back. It also had some metal girder type extensions. It moved slowly, and we really got a good view. None of us moved, as it moved farther away we got up and watched it head toward the Village of Oak Creek. Following behind were three black helicopters, seemingly escorting it along. My husband would not let me call anyone or report it for fear of men in black. Enough time has passed that I don't think we have to worry about that now. To this day, all three of us can draw it and remember it in detail. It was the most amazing thing we've ever seen. Nothing was ever reported in the paper or on the news. I've heard that others saw it in the Village and I did report it to Peter Gersten, a ufo lawyer, and Rob Meyer a UFO guide  in Sedona, Arizona.;34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
2 stars, wobbling & dancing in unison, separated, but 1 above the other. Also alternately brightening & dimming. 1 object would dim ;1999-02-19 19:30:00;45 min.;2 stars, wobbling & dancing in unison, separated, but 1 above the other. Also alternately brightening & dimming. 1 object would dim out & become a small cloud- only to reappear & brighten minutes later Approx. 1.5 hrs. after sundown at Cathedral Rock in Sedona, AZ on 2/19/99, my girlfriend and I observed 2 objects in the sky that appeared unusual in that they wobbled & danced together (very unlike stars). We observed the objects facing SW from Sedona to the right of a crescent moon that evening. We watched incredulously for approx. 45 min. while the two objects would alternately brighten and dim- one at a time! The lower of the two objects would dim-out and become a small cloud- only to return a few minutes later. We joked that perhaps they were UFO's who were playing star. We took 3 photos and at the exact moment the camera flashed we each saw thousands of little beams or particles (like the old Asteriods screen-savers). The photos DID NOT develop when we returned home to Sacramento. These three exposures were in the middle of a known good roll of film (everything else obviously developed) and we're attempting to have the film company try again developing. We were quite surprised 2 nights later when we sighted these 2 objects again after leaving Boynton Canyon at about the same time in the evening. Once again we observed the objects for about 45 minutes before leaving the area to return to Sacramento. A few hours later we were too tired to continue and spent the night in Laughlin, NV. While there we seemed to be drawn to what was the UFO Congress event by sheer synchronicity so we spent another day there. We didn't think our experience unusual as we had both experienced strange energies the past 4 days and had spiritual experiences while at the Sedona vortexes. I heard Peter Davenport and Roger Leir on Art Bell the other night so I faxed the report to Art and he read it on-the-air. Somehow, neither of us seem the least bit surprised about the sighting you had described there. My girlfriend is an admissions counselor at UC Davis and these were her first UFO experiences. I am a musician on The Chapman Stick (and I performed twice for the Intl. UFO Congress on Monday 2/22). I have had two other sightin! gs in my life before this weekend. Neither of us drink or use any type of drugs.;34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
After-the-fact sighting of a UFO;2000-03-12 15:00:00;unknown;After-the-fact sighting of a UFO I appologize in advance for my description of the event - it happened over 6 years ago and I don't remember as much as I'd like.  I was a freshman at Arizona State University and my buddy and I decided to go hiking one weekend up in Sedona.  I'm not positive as to the date, but I'm pretty sure it was in the Spring and though I don't know the exact time, I'm positive it happened in the afternoon.  When I say it 'happened' I'll have to clarify.  We were hiking around one of the trails on the edge of town and neither of us remembered seeing or hearing anything at all.  However at one point on the trail, we had a passer-by take two pictures of us, one right after the other perhaps 10 seconds apart (just to make sure they turned out).  When I developed the film, the first of the photos had a very distinct image in the upper left hand corner whereas the the second had no such image at all.  The image was of a long, slim, black object in the sky, tapering to a point at one end and a hook at the other.  The image appeared in no other photo in that roll of film.  It's obvious from looking at it, that it wasn't just something on the lens - after all, it's in one photo but not the other and the woman never wiped the lens.  And I know it's not the photo paper used because it showed up on the negatives.  I've also tried scanning the photo into my computer and zooming in to get a better look.  The edges are well defined it's not as though it's a distortion, lens flare or blur.  It was jet black and it was out in broad daylight - I have no idea what to think.  I'm sorry, but I don't really know what else to say about it.  I can't remember the name of the trail, but I know it was near a pizza place right off Highway 89A.  I think the name of the pizza place is Moondog's Pizza?   It's just a tiny mom and pop joint.  The only other thing I can say is that I still have the photos, and most probably the negatives.  I've never seen anything of this nature in a photo, which is the only reason it caught my attention.  I'll try uploading them later today to the email address. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
Two separate and distinct yellow-gold lights streaking low across the sky, appearing to have tails, but moving swiftly and in unison.;2001-04-04 19:00:00;10 seconds;Two separate and distinct yellow-gold lights streaking low across the sky, appearing to have tails, but moving swiftly and in unison. I was sitting at my computer, my cat was in front of me on my desk.  My window looks to the west.  Sunset had occured and I had noticed the pink clouds low on the horizon shortly before the event.  It was approx. 7:10 or 7:15 and both my cat and I saw two firey objects streak acorss the upper portion of the window (which would probably be about 70-90 degress from the horizon.  These two objects were moving from the south to north, low and it almost appeared that they were below the clould level.  They were both yellow-orange in color, and appeared to leave a trail or had a trail as the streaked acorss our line of vision.  They were moving fast in a horizontal movement, slightly rising.  They were almost parallel with each other, possibly one slighty postioned behind the first.  It was not totally dark as I could see the clouds, yet the lights from the objects was bright, nearly as bright as the reflection a few minutes later of my interior fan light on the window.  As soon as they streaked by, I said out loud to my cat, What was that!  He had definitely noticed at the same time I had.  I jumped up and ran into my living room so I could see the north exposure.  (I live close to the Red Rocks at the uptown area of Sedona).  I could see nothing in the darkening sky, except a few clouds.  I would say it looked similar to rockects being fired--and/or metorites, although I have never seen metorites of that color or at that time of the evening--nor even in that particular movement horizontally across the sky.;34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
At approximately 20:00 on the night of 10/28/06 my girl friend and I observed an object in the sky from our home in Sedona Arizona. The;2006-10-28 20:00:00;30 minutes;At approximately 20:00 on the night of 10/28/06 my girl friend and I observed an object in the sky from our home in Sedona Arizona. The object appeared to be at flight level somewhere between 30,000 AND 50,000 feet, located above a point midway between Kayenta and Flagstaff Arizona. At first we noticed a tight triangle of lights  with one of the lights brighter than the other. At first glance I thought it was an aircraft but then because the lights were not strobing and because it maintained a fixed position I realised it was not a conventional fixed wing aircraft. Then a V type of extension of lights began to light up extending upward and back from the central lights. These were amber colored changing to orange and then later almost a bluish color , then the lights receded back to the nucleus. I considered the possibility that this was a blimp and we were seeing it an angle when the craft abruptly gained altitude in a straight verticle motion. No blimp could have executed such a maneuver . It was an almost instantaneouss gain in altitude of what I would estimate to be 500 to 1000 feet. It remained in that fixed position, occassionally gaining and losing altitude in a similar fashion for almost 30 minutes. I got a pair of binoculars and observed that there were indeed three lights in a tight triangle but that around those lights was a kind of glow of an almost milky quality. Then the craft disappeared. I was looking at it through the binnoculars and told my girl friend I've lost it . Putting the binnoculars down I saw points of light that appeared one after another in a large triangle  pattern progressing to the northwest across the sky in what could only be desctribed as  great leaps. At first I thought that perhaps these were  four or five air craft with strobes on flying at different altitudes , creating a triangular pattern. However if that had been the case they would have continued across the sky. Instead they vanished. I believe it was the craft we observed making its way ac! ross the sky  and then vanishing from sight. The night sky was completely clear. There was a crescent moon and none of our view of the object, either when it was in a fixed position or when it leaped across the sky was obscured by mountains. Sedona is a low light community so the visibility was excellent that night. I am a former private pilot and flew a twin engine Senecca over this part of the country  for several years. The object did not conform to any type of civilian or military aircraft with which I am familiar. If the  lights streaking across the sky in a triangular pattern was indeed this craft then there is nothing currently being flown which can remotely approach the speed at which this craft traversed the sky.;34.8200413793103;-111.756593103448
