Silent, very large, one white headlight, red lights around edges;1984-10-01 21:00:00;3 min.;Silent, very large, one white headlight, red lights around edges A rural road, no street lights or houses, high elevation, ridge between N.H. and Maine.  Just going for a ride one evening when we noticed a very bright light approching us from the east, we were traveling north. It got so bright that we stopped the truck, shut off the engine and got out to watch.  We saw a triangular thing with a bright headlight and red lights round the edges. It was so very close to us and it had no noise what so ever. It stayed above us for about 15 seconds and then with amazing speed, still silent, was gone in maybe 3 seconds.  My only thoughts were I'm never going to see my children again.  I was scared.My husband and my friend didn't report it because we were afraid of ridicule.  Who would believe such a crazy story?  On thursday night Art Bell replayed a tape of a man who had wittnesed almost the same thing in Phoenix 2 years ago. I thought you might be interested to know this sort of thing happens in rural New England too.;43.5551;-70.9373
Black triangular silent craft with 3 white blinking lights on corners and one red one in center.;2013-04-25 20:45:00;4 minutes;Black triangular silent craft with 3 white blinking lights on corners and one red one in center. 8:45 pm eastern time I was driving down the hill just before my house and I noticed a set of 3 bright white lights that seemed to just hang in the sky.  It looked abnormal to me so as soon as I pulled into my driveway I got out of my car and walked to the road where I could see the lights.   Upon observation I saw that the lights were traveling slowly in my direction.  I watched as it approached and it seemed to be maybe 2500 or 3000 feet in the air.  It was dark outside but the lights were very bright.  It appeared to be a black triangle with a white light on each of the three corners with one red light in the very middle of the craft. The white lights were blinking but I don't recall if the red one was or not. As it passed I noticed it was totally silent and on the back end of the craft I could almost make out a line of dimmer lights that were in between the rear corner lights. It may have been a reflection off the craft or dimmer lights, it was hard to tell. Th! e craft traveled in a straight line and was starting to go behind the treeline. No leaves on the trees yet. There were two jets higher in the sky that seemed to be following it. One of the jets was a lot higher than the craft and the second, even higher than that. I could hear the jets and was slightly annoyed because of the fact that since the triangular craft was so low I knew the sound was not coming from that. If it were a plane or jet that low it would have been much louder than the sound of the jets I heard. This thing seemed to silently glide across the sky. The craft was traveling in a north-easterly direction and the whole sighting took place within a four minute period. This also took place on a full moon, which was really big, by the way. I have always been interested in u.f.o.'s but have never seen one. I'm almost 40 years old and I'm an honest person who does not make up lies or file false reports. I was not under the influence of any alcohol or legal or illegal drugs.;43.5551;-70.9373
