I went outside to smoke a cigarette about 11:20 PM. I looked up towards the western sky and saw what at first appeared to be a airplane;2016-11-05 23:20:00;3 minutes;I went outside to smoke a cigarette about 11:20 PM.  I looked up towards the western sky and saw what at first appeared to be a airplane with a white blinking light moving at normal speed for a plane, but then  noticed that the blinking light seemed to jump a substantial distance farther back all of a sudden, I thought that either my eyes were playing tricks on me or that clouds may have been obscuring the lights as they blinked.  Then I realized they were not any clouds in front the plane and that the lights were jumping a big distance, then up or across and back, way up to the front in too large of a distance and at the same time I then noticed that I could see a big black shape that was darker than the sky behind it, the under belly of a big triangular craft!!!  It was a big black shaped UFO or Stealth Technology plane that I was getting the 1 in 1 million chance to see in my life!!!  I Starting hollering at the top of my voice for my wife to come outside to see this thing, she was in the house watching TV with my two daughters,  I wasn't going to take my eyes off this thing, so I proceeded to scream for her until she came out to see what all the commotion was about.  She was angry because her and the kids thought something was wrong.  My wife looked up and saw the lights just as they were going out of sight over the trees.  She didn't get a chance to see the lights and see how big the craft was, she was too ticked I scared the kids that she didn't care about the sighting, but she did notice that black huge shape drifting out of sight with the thing!  The craft was so huge to make that size of a dark area id was thinking the size of a air craft carrier!!!  That made my year.  That was my second sighting of a UFO in my life.   I'm 44 and saw a UFO Feb. 18, 2015 and have been looking to see something again so I look in the skies all the time.  I'm dying to see and maybe get a photo or a video so I can show people who think I'm plumb crazy! !!!;29.7005;-91.2803
