Heli sound, low elev., circling. Red +green laser (?) light when viewed on approach. Long diamond rectangular. VERY dim but loud.;2019-01-28 03:00:00;1 hour +;Heli sound, low elev., circling. Red +green laser (?) light when viewed on approach.  Long diamond rectangular. VERY dim but loud. We live about 150 metres from the High River Regional Hospital, in High River, Alberta.  We witness one or more Stars air ambulance flights in and out of the hospital every week.  In the last month or two we have been noticing (while in the house) that they seem to be circling for longer periods and waking us in the night more frequently.  Always only one aircraft.   At 3AM Monday, January, 28th, 2019 - (earlier today) - the following took place: my companion woke me up standing next to the bed listening to what he thought was yet another STARS air ambulance circling, circling for what he believed had been hours.  I awoke more fully and heard the chopper sound.  One aircraft. I looked out of our upper north and south loft windows but could not see a helicopter.  Because it was loud enough to believe that it was at least as close as we are to the hospital - if not circling right above it -  I decided I would get a closer look at this to see if there were some! sort of emergency vehicle back up (or what)?! I was considering walking over to the Hospital to complain.  Upon stepping outside (cold and clear night) I sought the sound out but couldn't visually place it.  It moved toward and near me, then away again fairly quickly but slow enough to think I should be able to get a visual of this helicopter.  The close swoop over my vicinity took about 10 seconds.  It sounded like it was circling a larger area of town as I could hear it in the distance with the sound receding and then getting louder again.  Always coming back again to swoop around the west side of the hospital area.  I was on the west end of its apparent orbit.  After hearing 2 passes and confirming that I could not get a visual, I stood perfectly still in a few shadows of the house and my eyes locked upon a very dim glow, but I could only do so for a brief moment, as it moved across in a counter clockwise manner. I saw it three more times.  Once over the low slope of my roof, nearly head on - this is the only time I witnessed l! ight on the object - a very small red light which came in and out of view very quickly.  It appeared to be stationary but not a spotlight.  Like it was pointing directly in front of the object's path of flight.  My companion said he saw a small red light, and the same small green light.  If I hadn't seen this light the object might have appeared to be a projection, but the light seemed to ground it in reality!  I witnessed the helicopter curve from the north to the south, then to the east, in a counter clockwise movement.  Because it was a clear night - I could see the light of the stars become blocked and that was how I got a visual approximation, initially.  As my retina adjusted I realized it was indeed a visually distinguishable object, but only barely so.  I am not certain if it was emitting a glow - or if the glow was due to the low moonlight in the clear sky.  However, I could see it in about 3/4's of it's orbital path.  It seemed to be rectangular, longish.  It was narrower at the front but I could not tell if it was pointed.  It had a wider tail end, and it may have been flat on its underside.  I tried to view the object through binoculars but could not get a visual lock on it for more than a few seconds, it was so hard to track.  I spent about an hour going in and out of the house as it was quite cold out, too cold to remain standing in one spot for long.   Naturally, I wish I had some audio/visual record of it but I do not have access to anything reliable that could do that. I'd like some answers about what this is and really don't know where to start asking the questions!  Thanks for reading my report.;50.584;-113.8705
Line of Lights in the early morning sky.  ((NUFORC Note:  Possible Starlink satellites.  PD));2019-12-05 06:30:00;15 minutes;Line of Lights in the early morning sky At 6:30am on December 5, 2019 in High River, Alberta, I was outside with my dog and looked up at the stars, as I often do.  I noticed a series of white lights tracking from the north towards the south east.  There were several lights all in a row, forming a line of lights in single file (not in formation).  The line continued to the south east right out of my view.  I cannot tell you how many lights there were exactly but I did count over 30.  There was no sound and no color or flashing. The lights just kept coming over the house were moving quickly and at a high elevation.  I did not take any video or photographic images as I was so awestruck by the whole event. There was a plane that also flew over the house tracking north to south a much lower elevation at the same time, I expect the piolet would have also seen the lights also.  The plane did not appear to be involved (ie: following the event).  This was clearly a plane as I could hear the engine and see the flashing signal lights of a small aircraft.;50.584;-113.8705
