Large Cigar shaped object very close.;1980-03-01 00:30:00;2 Minutes;Large Cigar shaped object very close. This is my 3rd report on this site. I seem to be one of those people who are fortunate (or maybe unfortunate?) to see these objects. I am not sure of the exact date, but my best guess is around March 1980. At that time I worked 2nd shift at a small shop in New Milford, Ct., but lived in Waterbury, Ct., maybe 30 miles away. I was driving home from work on Interstate 84 around 12:30 A.M.. It was a beautiful night. There was a very bright full moon, and it was perfectly clear. I had just passed though Southbury Ct.. There is a large hill as you come to the exit for Oxford, Ct. From this hill you can see Waterbury in the distance maybe 5-6 miles away. I was driving east, and I was coming down this hill. I looked to my left over the 4 lane highway. Just above the treeline on the other side of the highway I saw what you would first believe to be a blimp. This object was dark against the bright sky and I could see it clearly. It looked to be almost 100 feet long, and 15 feet high. It had no undercarriage of any kind, nor wings, or vertical/horizontal stabilizers as blimps usually have. It was round on each end. It really did not look like a blimp. It was too long and narrow. Most blimps I have ever seen are much fatter than this object was. It was maybe 150 feet to my left, and was flying VERY LOW. It did not look to be more than 30 feet above the trees that lined the highway. So it was maybe 60-75 feet above the ground. This object was going east just like me, but slightly faster. I was probably going 65 MPH, I estimate the object to be travelling at around 80 MPH. The first thing I did was roll down my window to see if I could hear it, but all I could hear was the wind blowing past my car. I left the window down so I could get a good look at it. Fortunately, there was no traffic at all, so I was able to take a pretty good look. What looked extremely strange and shocking about this object is that it had 3 large, perfectly round port-holes on it's underside. They looked exactly like the port-holes on a ship. They were windows. I could see inside this object. A blue light shined out of each port-hole downward into the trees. All I could see inside this object was blue light, but I am positive I could see into this object. Then, as the object gained on me, I could see another perfectly round port-hole on it's rear end. I could also see inside this window. But this port-hole was different. A green light shined out of this port-hole and out behind it. I was looking into this port-hole. But all I could see was green light inside the object. None of the lights were difficult to look at. Now, the object was starting to get pretty far ahead of me. Then it did something that amazed me. At the bottom of this long hill the highway curves sharply to the left (north). When this object came to the curve it made a smooth left turn. It was following the highway! That was a very strange thing to see. By now I was getting to the bottom of the hill myself and the object was getting pretty far away. I lost it in the glow coming up from Waterbury. There is one more thing I want to say. I know many people mistake common objects for UFO's. But I have thought about this object for many years, and do not believe I am mistaken. The ONLY object this remotely resembled would be a blimp. But I am sure it was not for several reasons. 1) It did not look like a blimp. I could see it clearly. It had no undercarriage for pilots, nor any wings, vertical or horizontal of any type. 2) It was quiet. I have seen the Goodyear Blimp and other blimps many times. They are quite loud. You can usually hear them many miles away. Even though I was driving, this object was so close I should have been able to hear it clearly. 3) It was too low. I cannot imagine anyone flying any aircraft just above the trees like this. Even if the military had some secret aircraft, I sincerely doubt they would fly it at such a dangerously low altitude. 4) It followed the highway. I guess an aircraft could follow a highway, but I can't imagine why. I made a picture of this object on my computer using Paint. I am not an artist, the colors are not right at all, but it will give you the idea. It was a pretty easy object to draw. You are welcome to use it if you wish, but please do not disclose my name or e-mail. Here is the link for my drawing:  http://imagebay.org/users/800/21727.bmp ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.4186;-73.1275
We saw a weird glowing light in the sky that appeared to be slowly moving and then hovering. Obj. had red lights around it that blink;2010-08-06 21:00:00;3 minutes;We saw a weird glowing light in the sky that appeared to be slowly moving and then hovering.  Object had red lights around it that blinked slowly.  We watched object for aout 90 seconds before it disappeared.  Second object came over tree line, about 500 feet in the air and then hovered, red lights blinking.   We live near the airport so I called and I was the fourth person to report the activity.  The second object hovered for about the same time as the first and then disappeared when two planes passed over head.  Planes were coming in to near by airport.;41.4186;-73.1275
