Fast moving object that was hovering over trees and houses;2005-01-20 23:00:00;less than 1 min;Fast moving object that was hovering over trees and houses I am typing this because I saw a UFO with someone who reported on this site, and you said you were going to need confirmation from other witnesses.  This object was the most unbelievable thing that I have ever seen in my life.  It looked just like a jetliner thousands of feet in the sky, and within a matter of seconds it was hovering over trees and houses in CT.  After we saw this, we drove around the area a little more to see if there was any police action, or any families gathering outside of their houses because we wanted to share our experience with somebody else.   I do know that it was not a helicopter, as my friend said in his posting.  I was never a firm believer in UFO's, but this has changed my opinion regarding that subject.  My uncle is a pilot at the Oxford Airport nearby, and I explained this to him and he said that nothing would have or could have hovered the way this thing did.  It had no sound, and moved like the speed of light.  Please use this as your confirmation, as I am another witness to this event. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.4186;-73.1275
This was a lit up object moving slowly, then jumping quickly and hovering above the woods and homes of CT.((NUFORC: Student rept..PD));2005-01-20 23:00:00;1 minute;This was a lit up object moving slowly, then jumping quickly and hovering above the woods and homes of Connecticut. We were driving along a windy, suburban Connecticut road when we saw what we thought was a jetliner high in the sky. There is an airport nearby, about 6 miles from where we saw this object. It turned around in the sky and was heading towards us, shining a bright light towards the ground. I turned to look at everyone elses speechless faces, looked back and it was within 100 yards from us above the treetops hovering near large colonial homes going down beyond the treetops where there is a golf course. It looked like a large minivan or ambulance without wheels or wings, with an ambulance-like door on the back of the object. It looked as if the door was lit-up, or glowing. It was absolutely not a helocopter or an airplane, because we rolled down our windows and heard nothing. ((NUFORC Note:  Student report.  We will request confirmation from some of the other witnesses.  PD));41.4186;-73.1275
Large rectangular object with 4-5 flashing lights  On 12/22/19 im driving home from a friends house in oxford though a back road.A some;2019-12-22 00:00:00;6 seconds;Large rectangular object with 4-5 flashing lights  On 12/22/19 im driving home from a friend's house in oxford though a back road.  A somewhat remote part I notice up in to the left a large rectangular object that seemed to be hovering.  Had what i want to say 5 maybe 4 flashing lights they were flashing red but one was flashing green.from what I can tell it was not a plane even though the airport is close by.  As I look foward i see a police car driving towards me.  My guess the cop was following this object there was no way he didnt see it.  I got nervous looked forward sped all the way home.I was only able to see the object for seconds an as i was driving, during the incident I thought about pulling out my phone but didn't have enough time.  Talked to my friend and asked if theres any radio towers or anything in the sky in that area and he assures me no.  Whatever it was definitely wasnt a plane wish i could of look a little longer but i wanted to get home asap.;41.4186;-73.1275
