VERY close up look at a boomerang/trianglor shaped craft with lights on the bottom;2003-08-22 23:30:00;2 minutes;VERY close up look at a boomerang/trianglor shaped craft with lights on the bottom I was driving home and about to make a right, when I looked left and notice something big with alot of lights about 1/4 mile down the road on the left. I drove to the intersection of East Line and Sweet Roads, when I realized that this object could not be a plane.  It was low, it was big, it was motionless, and had alot of lights, and no sound. And it was right in front of me, I could hit it with a rock if i had one. I stopped my car and stood in the road and was trying to comprehend what I was seeing. About 30  yards from the road, at about the height of a telephone pole, was a huge boomerang/trianglor shape craft, with alot of blicking lights on the bottom. Mostly red and white, but some other colors as well. I stood somewhat under it for about a minute and just looked at it. I could not hear any sound and no air was moving. I was still trying to comprehend this. It just sat their blinking and motionless for about a minute. Then it tilted and slowly moved accross the road I was stopped on, and dropped low below a tree line. It came within 25 yards of my head. After about 10 seconds, it rose from the tree line, repositioned itself directly over the 2 lane road I was stopped on,and slowly proceeded down the road at about 5mph at first, at about 100 feet above the road. At this time I could see that it's width was about 3 - 4 times the width of the road. I got back in my car to attempt to follow it. I was able to follow it for about 30 yards when in an instant, it was a mile down the road. I could still see it, and cars were passing under it. But I could not understand how it can be directly in front of me, and then in a flash be a mile away. The next morning I went back to the field it was hovering over, but could find no evidence of anything. I got a very very close look at this thing that day. Since that day, I believe I saw it 2 more times, in the same general area. These 2 additional sightings were at more of a distance and shorter duration. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.9192;-73.8552
