Silent, black, triangular object with no lights;2007-10-22 18:45:00;5 Seconds;Silent, black, triangular object with no lights I remember it as being roughly a week or so before Halloween of 2007. My friend and I were grounds workers at a mining museum/park, and we had just finished closing up the park and locking the buildings around the site. We locked up our grounds garage last, where our cars were parked, at about 6:00 PM. We ended up getting into a conversation for about 45 minutes. The sun had set, and we were having a deep discussion about 80’s Hip-Hop artists, when my friend suddenly stopped talking, looked up, startled… and then SPRINTED up the road about 20 feet!  I wasn’t too concerned, just a little confused. I caught up with him and he explained to me that he had just seen a very large triangular “object” pass right over us, and just over the tops of the trees near us. He described it as being INCREDIBLY low, probably just 75-100 feet off the ground, triangular, and black. I couldn’t help but be skeptical of his account, being as I sensed absolutely nothing of this seemingly huge UFO right above our heads. We were all by ourselves, there was virtually no ambient noise down by our garage, except the sound of cars passing by on the highway near us, and still this “craft” made absolutely no noise whatsoever. So I stood there for a while and listened to my friend frantically repeat his description for about two minutes. I clearly remember him estimating the size of it and whatnot, when I looked up to the north, pointed at something, and yelled “Like THAT?!” I felt my stomach drop. He looked and said “Yes!”  I stared directly at it. It was a black triangle, floating slowly upwards. It wasn’t as close to the ground as what my friend described, and its really hard for me to guess how big it was, but I would estimate it as being roughly the same size as the one he witnessed first. All I can remember is how directly I was staring at this thing… it was a totally clear night, the thing was darker than the sky, and I had no doubt about the exact shape I was looking at. It was just a triangle… no lights, just a shape… slowly moving upwards. We watched it for what could not have been more than 5 seconds, and it just vanished right in front of our eyes… just disappeared. I proceeded to freak out and scream a string of profanity, all while we tried to reason and deduce what we realistically could have seen. “Things can’t just disappear!” We ended up jumping in our cars and driving across the street to the ‘Ironman’ statue/parking lot. We got out of our cars and stood there for quite a while, staring up at the sky, almost expecting to see another one. I imagine we looked pretty insane like that, but it didn’t really concern us as much as seeing disappearing triangle spaceships…  I’m not sure how long we stood there, but I swear it was almost 9:00 by the time we decided that we had no idea what it could have possibly been, and it was time to go home. My drive home was about 15 minutes, and I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t an immensely unsettling drive home. I found myself staring up out my window the whole ride, but genuinely not wanting to. I never really believed in paranormal activities and the like… I’d never seen a ghost or alien or UFO or anything like that, and I always remember seeing UFO accounts on TV and being very skeptical. I always thought “I’m doubt they could see anything clearly if it was that dark.“ But what I saw was so clear, and I have no doubt about exactly what we both saw, which I think was actually the part that made me the most uncomfortable. The following weeks I just felt sick, scared, paranoid and uncertain. I told very few people about it. Over the course of the next months, and the rest of the winter, there was more slight… anomalies. One strange night at around 10:00 PM (again at our workplace), we were in the museum parking lot, looking at the sky and we saw a strange, moving star-like light up in the sky. Naturally we assumed it was another plane, but it was moving it an erratic, arbitrary pattern that was just odd. We watched for minutes as it just moved across almost the whole sky, heading towards the horizon (which happened to be the general direction of the airport…), when two other lights appeared. We heard distant rotors and decided these ones were helicopters. The helicopters seemed to follow (or chase) the first light, until they all disappeared behind the horizon. Another time my friend called me at 5:45 AM, and I didn’t answer. He left me a message telling me to turn on the news. I did, and saw video from the airport cam of three strange, dim lights in a triangular pattern right on top of the horizon. They (or “it”) weren’t moving relative to the surroundings, though when we replayed the DVR in slow-motion, we could see the lights “fluctuating”. There has been several times where we or I have just looked up and seen a “star” moving in the same strange, erratic patterns, or just general strange stuff going on. And the weird thing is, its always only happened at work. I’ve thought about trying to get a picture or video sometime, but haven’t yet. I still work there, and it’s almost a normal thing now for strange things to happen. But I have to be honest, it still bothers me deeply not knowing for sure. I always expect to go outside for a cigarette one night and see something else. Airplanes can’t disappear. (NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));47.5022;-92.8565
