A friend and I had just dropped off another friend in a suburban neighborhood.  My friend was driving, and I was in the passenger seat.;1997-05-13 03:00:00;3-4:00 min;A friend and I had just dropped off another friend in a suburban neighborhood.  My friend was driving, and I was in the passenger seat.  It was a very stary night, and the sky was completely clear.  We were coming upon an intersection where I saw a red, glowing object hovering over a corn field in back of a house across the street, in the left corner of the intersection.  I alerted my friend to its presense, where upon he accelerated in order to get a closer look.  As we neared the intersection the object began to move parallel to the road that we were traveling on.  I had my head out of the window.  The object seemed to be silent.  It maintaned a steady altitude of maybe 300-500 feet.  It then crossed the road in front of us, while gaining altitude, and then traveled off in what appeared to be a southwesterly direction. It was difficult for my friend and I do accurately estimate the distance between the object and the ground when we first observed it hovering.  It was oval or egg-shaped and glowed red. It seemed to emit an aura of sorts.  When I think back to this experience, due to the behavior of the object and the apparent absence human activity, I do feel as if we had surprised the object when we came upon it.  When it did cross in front of my friend's vehicle and continued to ascend into the atmosphere I believe that it did so to a certain point at which it stopped and once again hovered.  Because I followed its path with my eyes, I could see its ascension, but eventually the light ceased to move.  At this point I observed that the object did not appear to change in size, as it would if it were continually moving away from my point of observation.  In addition, the intensity of the red light it emitted did not change as it would if it had been moving away in a continuous manner.  At that time it appeared to me as a red light camoflouged amongst the spectrum of lights present in the sky.   Although we try to remain skeptical, my friend and I had never before experienced a ufo encounter of this nature.  We are both highly interested in the pursuit of the truth underlying this type of phenomena.;41.8791225;-80.134295
