Two red probe crafts ascended into mother ship. Mother ship ascended in altitude and release one of the probes and then lost visual.;1982-05-12 21:50:00;32 minutes;Two red probe crafts ascended into mother ship. Mother ship ascended in altitude and release one of the probes and then lost visual. I know this is an 18 year old report but it still is vivid to me as when it occured. It was a mild spring evening when I was with my friend as she prpared to return home. Looking out her window I was studying the starfield when one of the stars did not look right. She thought I was pulling her leg so I went on to the back poch to investigate. After observing the object for ten minutes, two probes came out from the tree line on the horizon. The probes were bright glowing red and ascended effortlessly to the main ship. At this time I called the Erie aIRPORT AND spoke with the controller and told him what I was watching as I was watching it. He thanked me and three of us continued to watch this as it occurred. The probes entered the craft and the craft seemed to grow brighter and ascended slightly. A red probe was emitted and then the lights disappeared. whole sighting lasted 25 minutes. Air traffic control did not answer return calls and nothing in local papers after incident. I am recalling the incident from memory but do have documentation on file. I am ex-Navy with all sea duty so in my opinion, the sighting I have described here appears authentic since I have no other reson to believe otherwise. Good hunting!;41.8791225;-80.134295
strange contrail in the northwestern pa. sky over lake erie.;2002-09-01 06:30:00;10 minutes;strange contrail in the northwestern pa. sky over lake erie. i was driving east to hit the interstate 79 southbond when i saw a huge contrail in the north east sky over lake erie.it was going east at a high altitude and at arms length it was about 2 inches long and 3/8 of an inch wide.i could not see what was making this as it was going at an angle away from me.the strange thing was that the contrail had a wavy or swirling appearance to it and to see that at it being so high in the sky was a bit odd.as it moved the contrail stayed at the same length and left no trailing residue.as i pulled onto the interstate and headed south it disappeared over a range of clouds in the eastern sky.i never saw a contrail that looked like that and was wondering what would make such an odd looking one. ((NUFORC Note:  Our suspicion is that the witness may have observed a rapidly dissipating contrail, which maintained its apparent length, when viewed from ground level.  That is only a guess.  PD));41.8791225;-80.134295
