The object sat a while in a field next to us, then slowly floated right over us until it disappeared.;1997-03-13 20:30:00;5 minutes;The object sat a while in a field next to us, then slowly floated right over us until it disappeared. I just watched the YouTube videos about the lights over Phoenix. I have to tell you that our military and government makes me so mad. Everything has to be a cover-up with them. Maybe they should be more honest with us don’t we at least deserve that? I was 17 years old and I was teaching a Pop Warner cheer squad on a football field out in Goodyear. There were also other Pop Warner cheer and football teams there practicing. I don’t remember the exact time but it was between 8:30 P.M. and 9:30 P.M. from what I remember. There weren’t less than 500 people there easily, parents, coaches and kids. I noticed that in the field next to us there were several bright lights, almost like street lights. I didn’t pay much attention to them because they weren’t moving and it wasn’t interesting. It did get interesting though when they starting floating towards the field where all of us were practicing. Everyone just seemed to stop and look up. It couldn’t have been more than 200 to 300 feet above us. We couldn’t see anything it was just dark like the night sky. We just saw that the lights moved together in perfect formation and floated right over us until it faded off, almost like it disappeared. I didn’t really pay attention to its shape because it was so large in circumference, and so close to us. The lights were not too close together, but close enough together that we could see that it was an object. It also made no sound at all. I am angry because the military says that the lights were caused by flares. That is crap. Do they think we’re stupid? Last time I checked, flares could not stay in perfect formation with each other, as if they were connected. And I also wasn’t aware that flares could float over a crowd of people without moving up or down, and then all go out at the same time. These lights all went out together, at the same time as if they disappeared. I personally don’t believe that our military has the kind of intelligence to create something like I witnessed that night.;33.4455122302158;-112.391151079137
Slow moving lights in the night sky.;2005-09-13 20:30:00;15 to 20 minutes;Slow moving lights in the night sky. Between 8:30pm & 8:45pm on 09/13/05 I was driving west on I-10 west of Phoenix, Az. Nearing 107th Ave. when I noticed three lights moving slowly in formation a mile or two south of I-10. I was talking with my son on the cell phone and told him I could see three aircraft in a very tight formation. The lights were very close together at exactly the same altitude and moving in a precise formation.  After a minute or two I thought I was mistaken that they must be lights on a tall building or facility in the distance as they were not moving as fast as an aircraft would move. After a few minutes I could see they were moving WSW slightly faster than the 70MPH I was driving. The aspect angle between the lights was changing and I was certain they were moving. All the lights were at exactly the same altitude.  The appearance of the lights was different from aircraft lights. They were larger and not as intense as an aircraft light. They had a different color than aircraft lights, they were not white, but had a tawny tint similar to the old incandescent sealed beam headlights on cars. These lights were diffused rather than focused. There were no red or green lights that an aircraft would have, nor any strobes near these lights at any time, they had no similarity to conventional aircraft lights. They were definitely not bright Venus in the evening sky. I have been watching Venus & Jupiter the past weeks and they were larger, brighter, lower, further south and moving in formation, I have no doubt.  I got off I-10 at Litchfield Rd and then continued south on McDowell Rd about 1/4 mile north of and parallel to I-10. While driving on McDowell at 45MPH and in a dark area with no street lights I could clearly see the aspect angle changing and the lights were moving WSW and now drawing away from me. They were about 300 to 600 feet above the ground at the same altitude and moving together. I thought it possible they were three lights on a very large aircraft.  I drove south on McDowell to Sarival and decided to pursue them, turning South on Sarival. It was very dark and a fourth light appeared behind and slightly below the other three. I did not see where it came from, it appeared suddenly. It never reached the same altitude as the other three lights and disappeared as suddenly as it appeared. I drove 2 miles south of I-10 trying to reach some open country roads where I could drive fast and get closer to the lights.  When I reached Yuma Rd. I turned west but they were getting further away, they may have been speeding up, but not moving as fast as even a slow single engine Piper or Cessna. They turned to the SW approximate compass heading 235degrees. Another of the lights disappeared suddenly leaving only two. After a another minute the remaining two lights disappeared. They did not appear to land or fly away, they were just gone.  This entire episode covered 10 or 12 miles of driving and lasted 15 to 20 minutes. I was on the phone with my son describing my observations and chase to him while it was going on.  I am a 54 year old, stable & successful business man. I was driving home my usual route, as I do at this time several times a week. I fly often and live near an Air Force base and can recognize and easily identify many types of aircraft. These were not lights that an aircraft would have, wrong color, no red or green and they were not intense enough to be aircraft lights. They I have never seen a UFO before.;33.4455122302158;-112.391151079137
Witnessed a large white light that blinked on and off with 20 - 30 seconds puases, five total blinks;2009-07-04 21:38:00;2 mins;Witnessed a large white light that blinked on and off with 20 - 30 seconds puases, five total blinks As me and my friend were watching the start of a fireworks show alone in a secluded place I witnessed a large white circle of light in the sky approximately at the 1000 ft level. The light blinked on and off slowly and repeatedly for approximately 2 minutes.  It was very strange as it seemed to be stationary.  I first thought it was a normal airplane beacon light but the light was too large, I would estimate at least a diameter of 200 ft. I told my friend to watch the sky and she witnessed the light too.  After a few minutes the light stopped blinking.  We heard no air traffic or other common flying noise. I watched the sky for another 10 minutes and then witnessed a commercial passenger (??) air plane fly over the area where we saw the light.  The plane flew over without issue but gave an account as just how big the light was as the plane seemed dwarfed by the size of the light we saw.  The light did not flash over the sky nor did we see any other attributes from a normal beacon light. We were approximately 8 miles from the firework show and alone at the base of a mountain.  It was very strange.;33.4455122302158;-112.391151079137
