Changing lights on the lake and 20 feet overhead.;2006-08-20 01:01:00;1 hour;Changing lights on the lake and 20 feet overhead. It happened at my cottage on tamarack lake in haliburton. I was outside at my fire on the shoreline after the whole family went to bed after midnight. There were 2 parties going on in the bay where my cottage is and a few camp fires spotted on the shore. I was gazing at the lake when I thought I saw someone in the lake standing on a shallow rock ledge about 250 yards from shore. There was no moon out and the sky was partially cloudy. The silouette appeared to be glowing a white-green colur at the surface of the water. I watched it thinking must be a reflection, then after about 5 minutes there appeared to be a single white spot light directly above it about 20 feet off the water, again I thought must be someones cottage light reflecting to the water. After about 5 minues there was some blinking between the 2 lights as if going from the waters surface to the light 20 feet above. I again thought maybe kids with flashlights in the woods along shore on the other side of the bay about 400 yards away. After watching awhile longer I looked to the left end of the bay and saw 2 more objects again one larger light orange colour on the water surface with a spot light again 20 feet overhead, I watched all three objects appear to blink in blue and red colours horizontally outwards and back to the centre. The objects appeared to look like a cigar shape almost translucent like you could see an outline however it was see thru. There was all types of different lights flashing in no apparent sequence just mainly blue and green yellow and red lights. I was starting to get a shiver up my spine because numerous times I heard noises around my brother in laws trailer next to the cottage. He was sleeping in the trailer so I thought he was making the noise that night. I was watching the water and noticed the first object I spotted was gone however the other 2 to my left were still there but no more blinking only 2 orange lights again. Straight thru the bay I could see another similar object which appeared to throw a green glowing haze along the water surface and change positions left and right. The flashing lights seemed to get more active when the object approached the cottage having a party. After about another half hour of watching all the strange lights all of a sudden there crept in what seemed like a large fog type mist over the whole bay and I lost sight of all 4 objects. My brother in law told me next morning that he thought something was scratching the trailer walls and he kept his golf club by his side all night he said did not sound like racoon and he thought he could hear movement around the trailer. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));44.8979;-78.3857
