A very clear object that was covered with lights, hovering in the air to create a triangle with two planets, its lower lights blinked.;2000-10-23 06:50:00;3 minutes;A very clear object that was covered with lights, hovering in the air to create a triangle with two planets, its lower lights blinked. Curious Light 	I am writing this document 8 hours after I witnessed a curious light in the sky. It was at 6:50 AM on Monday, October 23, 2000. Walking down to the bus stop, I noticed a solid, bright light in the east sky. The day before, I read a report stating that most people mistake UFO's for Venus because they do not expect the planet to be so bright. I ruled out that the light was probably Venus. I saw a second light, lower than Venus and to the right. Dimmer, and smaller, but bright nonetheless, and solid. 	I looked at the sky with concentration. Blue, not a cloud in sight for miles, everything perfectly clear. I looked at the moon which appeared to be in the south. It was a crescent moon, and looked light a crooked smile. 	This is when I saw the light. A bright, flickering object in the sky off in the distance. It was on the left side, lower than Venus, to create an equilateral triangle. I stopped and stared at the UFO, it clearly wasn't a planet, or an airplane. In fact as I looked at the object, I figured that it was blinking about 4 times a second. The entire object wasn't blinking. It had other lights, and only a portion of lights, on the bottom half of it, were blinking. I wasn't walking anymore, and noticed that it was moving back and forth slowly and unsteadily. 	Then came an airplane. In a relative distance to the UFO. Dark, with those slow blinking lights that anyone can spot and identify. A bird flew by, plainly. A bird nor an airplane, nor a planet can be this strange object I saw in the sky today, that formed a triangle with 2 (what I believe were) planets. 	I am very skeptical about this strange light being anything other than a light, or an object in the sky. But that strange, rapidly blinking light is unexplainable. I have seen strange lights in the sky before, but this is the first time I believe it couldn't be anything else, not a flare, a plane, a planet, the moon, a balloon, or spotlight. It was some sort of craft. This is a real mystery.;41.4824;-73.2231000000001
Bright light sparked across the sky and disappeared.;2018-12-24 21:30:00;3 seconds;Bright light sparked across the sky and disappeared. I was driving in the car with my husband and noticed a very bright light in the sky that was moving very fast with sparks behind it.  It made an arch shape, zoomed off and disappeared.  It was unlike anything I’ve ever seen before.  It only lasted a few seconds and by the time my husband looked up it vanished.;41.4824;-73.2231000000001
