There was a beautiful, sparkling, highly maneuverable craft flying gracefully and very quickly over Spanish Fork, Utah.;2003-01-30 19:05:00;5 seconds;There was a beautiful, sparkling, highly maneuverable craft flying gracefully and very quickly over Spanish Fork, Utah. I put two witnesses because somebody in another part of the city with a car dealership type spotlight was trying to illuminate the object but couldn't keep up.  Tonight I was driving to my daughter's play in Spanish Fork, Utah.  I was facing North. The sky is cloudy tonight.  I saw a beautiful blue sparkling light, like 4th of July sparklers (but not sputtering or leaving sparks) in the sky.  It was below the clouds over the North end of the city.  It had a smaller red light exactly like the blue one either attached or in close formation to it.  I watched the object for those few seconds it was in view and looked around for others who may have been watching the same thing too, but saw no one.  There was a large spot light, like the ones at Car Dealerships when they're having a big sale, trying to follow it.  Trying is the key word here, because this object was moving so quickly that there was no way the spot light could catch it.  The sparkling blue light sometimes changed colors to a beautiful green.  Sometimes the red one either would go out or maybe it was in back of the big blue/green one.  I've never reported anything like this, but I found myself saying out loud, repeatedly, I am looking at a UFO!  I am looking at a UFO!  I know what I'm about to say sounds crazy, and maybe I am unaware of the maneuvering capablities of helicopters, however, this moved with such grace and so quickly, I only saw it for approximately 5 seconds.  It was initially traveling across my field of view from the west to the east and then it reversed direction.  First it went up at a 45 degree angle, then made this tight loop, then moved straight across (west to east), then another turn to reverse its direction to go back the same way it came, only lower, then down with the large (ground based) spot light trying to follow it all the while.  I didn't hear any sound.  An hour later a helicopter kept flying all around the city.  Anyway, you don't have to believe me, but I know what I saw, and I'll never deny it.  It happen! ed and I know what I saw.  If you have any other reports about this tonight, I would really appreciate hearing about them.  Thank you for your time.;40.1027;-111.6449
