While pulling out of my driveway I observe a pearl white sphere descending at an angle moving slower than a meteor.;2000-06-17 22:52:00;2 seconds;While pulling out of my driveway I observe a pearl white sphere descending at an angle moving slower than a meteor. I was leaving my house to pick up my daughter from the Miss Utah pageant (she was not a contestant).  After backing out of my driveway and turning the car north (I was not yet moving forward which would count out a reflected light on my windshield) I observed a pearl white lighted sphere descending down at a 45 degree angle about 15 degrees off to my left from geographic north.  Most city roads in Utah are laid out on a precise north, south, east and west grid so my car was pointed straight north and I observed this apparent sphere for about two seconds before the view of it was blocked by the roof of a neighbor's house.  In describing it over the phone I was given the option of describing it in comparison to a star or the full moon and it seemed to me to show a distinct spherical shape about one fifth the diameter of the moon from my position.  I have seen meteors numerous times and this was moving much slower than a meteor and much faster than any aircraft I have ever seen but it did travel in a straight line.  The light was not bright and the object did not leave a trail.  The object seemed to be moving north while descending into Salt Lake City but without having any reference points to judge its size, I can't say how far it was away from me. I have flown for recreation and I have been through Air Traffic Control School and part of flying in uncontrolled airspace is looking for other air traffic that may be a hazard to you while you fly.  I can't say I am a trained observer but I have had some experience and my overriding impression was that the object was over the west side of Salt Lake City.  On the chance that it might have been a meteor, I checked the Comets and Meteors website at http://comets.amsmeteors.org/meteors/june_radiants.html to see if there was any activity for tonight.  No major activity is slated for June but there is some minor activity that might explain it (Aquilids, Sagittariids, Lyrids, Theta Ophiuchids) but again, it was quite slow for a meteor and quite constant in luminosity, speed and size.;40.1027;-111.6449
