On august 25th i was cooking some steak on my deck, when  i agzed toward the sky and saw a large triangular craft bordered with lights,;2005-08-25 16:20:00;10 minutes;On august 25th i was cooking some steak on my deck, when  i agzed toward the sky and saw a large triangular craft bordered with lights, I would estimate it was 250 to 300 feet long and was travling at very high speeds in a zig-zag pattern. it performed several impossible manuveres. and eventually streaked off at unbeliveable speed.;44.54;-70.5627
Total invasion in home town by Extra dimensional entities that torment me and my family night and day.;2020-09-02 20:00:00;All day all night but mor;Total invasion in home town by Extra dimensional entities that torment me and my family night and day. Since the begging of September and we’ll before that I have been seeing weird lights in the sky either with my eyes, telescope, night vision camera or binoculars.  As the time went on at dusk every night I’d see star like objects start to move around. After I’d realized that something was going on things began to get really weird.  I have hundreds of videos of them and their ships materialize an dematerialize right in front of me.  I began telling my girlfriend about what was going on and until I showed her and what to look for she didn’t believe me. I don’t know if I was given the sight to see in their dimension, if it’s temporary or not but I can sometimes see into their world and what there doing. To some might see an orb I can see an entire ship or entity. Ever since I have taken notice to their ships during the day camouflaged I’m the clouds because of a certain energy signature that I have learned to pick up on that they all give off. They now have taken ! notice of me and are tormenting me daily and it during the night. They come into the house unannounced to scare me and because if this me and my family are losing sleep   To most they are invisible depending on how much of their essence are in our dimension. They can be in our reality and theirs simultaneously, and I can hear them in my head now and I’m real uneasy about what is about to happen because I cannot get away from them and when you can see what I can see and how big their ships are and how many their is up there then it’s hard to keep going in life with this threat right up above us.  I will be outside and you can see all the stars on a clear night and all of a sudden it will be black. Like blacker then you have ever seen to the point you can barley see your hand in front of your face and all I can hear is the humming of their ship up above me. I tell everyone that I have talked to about this to come over if they don’t believe me and bring a camera I’ll show you ! all you want to see on ufos. I have never seen one before now ! and I am worried that an invasion is about to happen and when they can walk through locked doors mimic helicopters and airplanes I feel like there’s not a lot we can do about it and they give me the impression that they don’t have our best intentions in mind.;44.54;-70.5627
