Unknown sighting;2007-08-28 11:30:00;<5 min;Unknown sighting On the 28th of August and the only way I know this is because it was 3 weeks after my Birthday  I was in the backyard at my fathers house that is backed up to Quantico.  Out on the deck I saw a shiny light in the woods that was very ambient but not focused at one point kind of spread all over.  I quickly ran inside and got a knife from the drawer and went back outside. The light was now more to the right then it was before.  I walked out closer to the woods and the light remained the same intensity but the object was small so i figured it was a kid.  Ar ound 15 yards away I found it being very odd and I yelled out Hey, what are you doing? the light object stopped moving and then looked toward me with crisp blue eyes and a bright flash of light occured. Squinting a bit the light disappears.  I ran back up to the house and lock the door.  Next morning before work, I went outside to view tracks.  Nothing whatsoever.  I been around hunters all my life and know all animals leave something behind this creature left nothing not sure what I saw but I know it wasn't human.  Thanks ((name deleted));38.4587360294118;-77.448005882353
TERRESTRIALS SIGHTED  CLOSE TO QUANTICO MILITARY BASE;2007-08-29 11:34:00;3 MIN;TERRESTRIALS SIGHTED  CLOSE TO QUANTICO MILITARY BASE I JUST LET MY TWO DOGS OUT IN THE BACK YARD AND THE OLDER FEMALE STARTED GOING CRAZY AS SHE GOT TO THE BACK DOOR TO GO OUT,WHEN SHE DID EXIT THE DOOR AS USUAL SHE IMMEDIATELY RAN DOWN THE HILL AS IF TO ATTACK SOME ONE OR SOME THING.AS I WALKED OUT BEHIND HER I LIT THE AREA UP WITH MY HAND HELD SPOT LIGHT ,I USUALLY SPOT DEER OUT THERE, SO AS TO SEE IF A BEAR OR DEER OR WHATEVER COULD BE UPSETTING HER, BUT I'M REALLY SCARED I'M 54 YEARS OF AGE I SAW WHAT LOOKED TO ME TO BE TWO SMALL ABOUT 4 FOOT HIGH BEINGS  MADE OF A LIGHT THAT WAS FAINT BUT ONLY AROUND THERE HEAD AND HAND AREAS LIKED THERE BODIES WERE BEING CLOAKED BY A SUIT OR SOMETHING,, NOT REALLY BRIGHT ,BUT IT IS DARK OUT THERE .THEY WENT QUICKLY ABOUT TEN FEET DOWN THE HILL AND WHAT WAS UNREAL IS THEY HAD TO LEAN UP AND KINDA CRAWL INTO THIS OPENING ,LIKE THEY WERE GOING INTO AND UP INTO A CRAFT THAT HAD NO SHAPE OR COLOR ,THE ONLY WAY I CAN DESCRIBE IT WAS LIKE A PORTAL WINDOW OR OPENING A DOOR,BUT DIDN'T EMANATE ANY LIGHT SORCE  ,ITS LIKE THE CRAFT HAD A Cammo-cloaking  SYSTEM or something ,BUT YOU COULD TELL IT WAS A CRAFT BECAUSE WHEN IT STARED TO MOVE AWAY FROM THE PLACE IT WAS SITTING ABOUT 2 FOOT OFF OF THE GROUND IT MOVED THE TREES AS IT IT CAUSED AN AIR TURBULENCE,AND AS IT MOVED YOU COULDN'T SEE IT BUT YOU COULDN'T  SEE THROUGH IT OR WHAT WAS BEHIND IT,KIND OF LIKE A SHADOW MOVING ,I TRIED TO SPOT LIGHT IT BUT THE CRAFT JUST ABSORBED MY LIGHT AS IT MOVED AWAY IT BEGAN TO RISE UP INTO THE SKY AND THEN YOU COULD MAKE OUT A SHAPE LIKE A I'M REALLY FREAKED OUT,THEY LOOKED BACK TOWARD ME AS THEY ENTERED THERE CRAFT.THERE EYES HAD A LIGHT THE COLOR OF BLUE A PAIL SOFT GLOWING EMANATING GLOW ABOUT THERE EYES,BUT NO FACE COULD BE RECOGNIZABLE BUT THEY WERE BEINGS NOT OF THIS REALM ,MY DOG JUST SAT DOWN AND DID NOTHING SHE STOPPED BARKING AND THEY LEFT.THE SHAPE WAS LIKE A SPEAR HEAD SHAPED OBJECT ABOUT 20 FOOT LONG AND POINTED AND NARROW AND WIDER AT THE REAR...JAMES HERE IN VIRGINIA?;38.4587360294118;-77.448005882353
Route 1UFO around Stafford, VA;2010-05-05 14:00:00;30 seconds;Route 1UFO around Stafford, VA I was driving and my mom was the passenger, I don't remember if I was driving my car or her car going 45 mph or so, on Route 1 anywhere between Stafford and north of stafford maybe going into the areas where you could find lots of used cars but beyond that, more near Manassas it feels like, trees close to the sides of the road, no leaves I remember the trees were bare, thinner younger trees, must have been either winter or fall or before spring not sure. The clouds were slightly gray but white, not too low but they were lower clouds. I remember there were electrical power lines above the road, more than the usual. Trees start clumping up on the tops as the trees get bigger so, when I saw this thing it came in and out of sight behind the trees straight ahead sometimes. Edit: Larger trees that had leaves in them were overhead sometimes.  So I was driving on a two lane road, route 1. I swear it was one left and one right, only my lane and the oncoming traffic lane. It was slightly overcast. I remember seeing a dark blur at first, like I had to look a few times thinking what is this. It made no sense because it was traveling at my speed, I could see it behind the clouds moving with just about my speed. It was about maybe, 1/2 of a mile away, maybe closer, could have been 3/4 mile. I'm guessing at about a 25 degree angle viewing angle up, just slightly up. It was visible in and out of the whispy clouds, kind of like I guess it felt like the thing was hiding just above the clouds. I didn't truly see a shape because the clouds were puffy around it, but it may have been semi-rounded underneath, possibly taller on the top, maybe more rugged, I don't remember, but I thought, there weren't any mountains around there, there's no way in hell it was a plane, and no way in hell I was seeing things, it wasn't dark clouds ! on top of white clouds, it was too dark and solid looking to be a natural anomaly. It was going at my speed, and I saw it may have gone forward or back. The trees would come overhead and I'd lose track of it, but the trees cleared and I could see it again after a few moments. At the end of this I saw it accelerate forward away from me with the ground as the level, not straight away like shooting striaght, but along the curvature of the earth. It zipped so fast, it, must have been going away at hundreds of miles per hour, like, we're talking mach 2, 3 maybe, and it was slightly gradual at first. I wanted to say 300, 400 miles per hour, but I've seen cars going 300 mph like on a bughatti test run, like for the distance it was from me at 1/2 - 3/4 miles away in the sky, this thing, it wouldn't make sense for it to be going less than mach 3, maybe even mach 4, I'd say the size of this thing although mostly obscured, feels like about the size of maybe 2 1/2 home depots large in ! width for the distance, maybe wider. If you placed 4 quarters ! lengthwi se left to right at arms length from you, that's the size. It was just very smoothly going in and out of view with the clouds, and I remember feeling very scared, like I was seeing a ufo, imagining, what could it do. my heart was pumping a little bit stronger. I remember going, holy fuck, no way, no fucking way.  There were no lights, nothing. It simply puffed out of the clouds, could have been, 100 feet inside of the clouds, maybe more I don't know. It was a dark/black object, no real shape from what I remember, no angles, no nothing it just felt very very very subtly metallic underneath, some of the cloud white may have reflected off of it very slightly if anything at the center of it, maybe edges, a slight frosty reflection. It didn't move left or right, up or down, simply forward and back slightly, then zipped off. Must have been anywhere from 18 to 40 seconds time I was seeing it. Only people I've told about this was my mom in the car, maybe my father later. No pictures, didn't hear anything. I remember a car behind me was not too close, maybe 4 1/2 seconds behind me, felt like they were seeing it too maybe. I remember when there were now 4 lanes I looked at them passing me, and they didn't look at me.  I don't remember if my mom saw it too or not, just asked her on my text message at 12 am pacific when she's 3 am eastern so. I don't remember where we were driving to but we have driven that road many many times for two hours up and down from Richmond, VA to DC. Yes I live now in Richmond, Ca which is weird;38.4587360294118;-77.448005882353
Very large boomerang-shaped object with 3 large bright front lights and low engine noise glided low overhead;2011-11-19 22:30:00;~ 1 hour;Very large boomerang-shaped object with 3 large bright front lights and low engine noise glided low overhead On the night of November 19, 2011, at about 10:30 pm, I was in my house in Stafford, VA.  I was by myself at the time.  The weather was clear.  I noticed through my sliding door a very bright object in the sky, toward the east.  The angle of elevation from my viewpoint was probably about 45 degrees.  The big lights were white, but it also had a few blinking red lights, not the normal red and green lights you would see on the wings of a commercial airplane.  I am accustomed to seeing planes in the night sky as we are on a path toward the DC airports.  This was much lower than the planes normally fly and was traveling roughly north to south rather than the normal south to north-flying planes we are accustomed to seeing at night heading toward the airports.  My first thought was that it must be a helicopter with searchlights and I wondered for whom or what they might be searching.  There was another plane in the area when I noticed the object, but it was m! uch higher and appeared to be just a plane on its normal route toward the airport. As I continued to watch it, the object moved very slowly in a southerly direction.  I noticed that the extremely bright lights were not aimed at the ground as if it were a search helicopter.  It moved behind the trees in back of my house.  I thought it was strange, but figured I’d seen the last of it so I went and sat down.  From my chair where I was watching TV I can see that same section of the sky. Maybe 5 or 10 minutes later, I saw what I assume was the same object traveling back this way, south to north.  As it got closer, it slowly turned and moved toward my house, just over the power lines.  When it turned toward me I could see that it was very large and had 3 huge, round white lights spaced widely and evenly across the front.  I could see for certain by now that it was not a helicopter.  Plus, we see and hear plenty of helicopters here due to our proximity to the Quantico Marine Corps Base and other military installations.  I am very familiar with the loud sound! of a helicopter going by.  As it approached, I began to hear that it was only making a low sound. I walked out onto my back porch and watched as it got closer and closer.  It appeared to be getting lower toward the ground.  For some reason, I wasn’t afraid that it was going to crash, I assume because I could tell how slowly it was moving and it seemed to be under control.  It was simply mesmerizing and I was transfixed watching it.  I was frustrated that I was home alone and couldn’t yell for someone to come see what I was seeing.  As I watched, it glided by very slowly and rather quietly, but not silently, almost overhead.  From my porch, it appeared to pass about 30-50 feet to the south of me.  I would compare the sound and movement to a boat with a trolling motor, only flying, or the sound somewhat like a lawnmower in the distance.  It certainly wasn’t the sound of a normal plane engine, which would have been rather deafening at that close range.  I am not familiar with a plane that can fly that quietly and slowly or with the configuration of the 3 huge lights. As it passed by, the intensity of the lights was no longer interfering with my view of the object.  I was looking at it from underneath so I could make out the shape, probably aided by the small streetlight that is almost below where it passed.  It was dark and appeared to be somewhat of a boomerang shape.  There were no lights on the underneath side.  If I were to compare it to a full moon, I’d estimate that from side to side it would be larger than 10 or 12 moons.  It’s difficult to say at night, but I’d guess it was about 200 feet above the ground.  From the time it first came into view from underneath until it went over the trees was about 10 seconds.  I could still see it through the small stand of trees beside my house, but I didn’t have an unobstructed view any more.  It was like standing on the runway if a 747 could glide quietly in for a landing, except it wasn’t shaped like a commercial airplane.  It was quite large. It continued gliding across the road in front of my house, and across the field as it curved toward the south and disappeared beyond the trees.  A little while later, maybe 15 or 20 minutes, one of my sons came home and I told him what I had seen.  Within about another 20 minutes, I saw bright lights again traveling from north to south, similar to where I had seen them the first time.  At this point, my son looked out and saw the object and commented on how bright and low it was.  He watched until it disappeared behind the trees in our yard.  Typical of his not wanting to appear too excited and since he hadn’t witnessed what I had seen before, he went back into the kitchen, but I walked out behind my house so I could see behind the trees and watched as it moved south.  It never disappeared from sight, but eventually I determined that it was moving closer again and a little higher in the sky.  Oddly, the appearance of the lights didn’t change like it had turned around – ! more like it was backing up.  The bright lights were no longer visible.  It came back the way it went, behind my house, higher this time and moving more quickly, but with no white lights on the front, just the red flashing lights on the body.  I watched as it flew north and out of sight.  That was the last I saw of it. There are several rows of high-tension power lines behind my house, running somewhat north and south.  It was over these at some points, but didn’t necessarily follow the lines, especially when it headed south – the lines run a little more south-west and it traveled a little more south-east.  And, of course, when it turned and came toward me and continued in a slow circle to the south it wasn’t over the lines.  Other than my son, who just got a brief look at the object when it was more in the distance, I’m not aware of any other witnesses, although I don’t know how anyone out at that time could have missed it if it passed near them as low and slow as it was here. This is the second time I have seen something unusual behind my house.  The first time was a night almost two years ago and involved something large with only red lights, some blinking and some steady, descending into view through my back door then quickly flipping one end downward and rapidly descending out of sight behind the small hill in my back yard, at about a 45 – 50 degree angle, into the trees or the creek.  That whole incident lasted only maybe 5 or 10 seconds.  My first thought was that a plane had caught a wing on the power line and gone down.  My husband and I ran outside but never saw anything more.  From where he was sitting, he didn’t see the lights but followed me out based on my reaction of shock.  As I thought about it, I realized it didn’t have any white lights like a plane or helicopter would normally have at night and there was no loud noise as a plane or helicopter would have made at that distance. I’ve lived in this house for 24 years and have seen plenty of planes and helicopters out the back door and windows, as that is where my den is and my chair faces toward that direction.  These two incidents were definitely unusual.  I know what they weren’t – weather balloons, swamp gas, ball lightning… but I’d certainly like to know what they were.  If the large object that nearly flew over my house is military and it’s ours, then good for us.  I don’t know why they would test fly it low over a housing development in Northern Virginia, though.  Very puzzling.  I can’t say that what I saw was an extra-terrestrial UFO, but it was F. and it was an O. and it was definitely U. to me.  If someone can give me a plausible explanation that would be great because no one with whom I’ve spoken has been able to come up with one. This is the statement from my son:  On the night of November 19, 2011 I came home around 11:00 pm and saw my Mom standing on the back deck looking up into the sky.  She explained to me that she had just been watching a large aircraft that had been slowly moving through the sky at a low altitude, with a strange light pattern that didn’t resemble an airplane.  Because we live near Quantico, I said it could have been one of their planes and went inside.  About 20 minutes later, she said she saw it outside again so we walked out onto the back porch and saw a much brighter than normal aircraft flying just over the tree line, heading south.  It was moving slower than the airplanes that we frequently see.  The lights on it didn’t resemble the lights on a normal airplane.  It had extremely large front white lights that didn’t shoot a beam forward like headlights, but lit up a large area around the front of the aircraft.  It seemed to be very large, bigger than a regular jet airplane, which we often see flying behind our house. The aircraft continued along the tree line from our vantage point until I could no longer see it through the trees from the porch.  I thought it was gone, so I walked back into the house, but my Mom walked back up onto the hill to see if she could get a better look at it.  I have seen airplanes fly over the house my entire life since we are on one of the flight paths for Washington airports and we live near Quantico.  This didn’t resemble any passenger jet or any other aircraft I’ve seen over the years.  When passenger jets, helicopters and military aircraft fly over, they make a clearly audible sound.  During the time I observed the aircraft, I didn’t hear any sound coming from it.  I’m curious to know what it was.;38.4587360294118;-77.448005882353
4 lights (?) in square formation.  ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch from Wallops Island.  PD));2017-06-29 04:30:00;~2 minutes;4 lights? in square formation Approximately 4:30 am, on June 29, 2017, while taking my dog out before leaving for work, I looked up to the Eastern sky, and witnessed 4 white lights appear out of nowhere.  They looked almost like white clouds against a pitch black sky, except perfectly round.  The effect was like the moon being behind a cloud.  I’m not 100% sure they were lights, but because they were perfectly round, and in a square formation, I have to rule out the possibility of them being clouds. While spending several seconds observing them, I noticed what seemed to be a faint replica of these lights, just to the right, except almost gone – as if they were dissipating .  The “lights” did not move, either  around the sky, or in relation to each other.  They kept a fixed position.  The way they appeared was as if someone blew smoke into a ball. I do live near Quantico Marine Base, however, the base occupies an area North of me, spanning East and West.  What I observed was almost due East, maybe slightly Northeast. ((NUFORC Note:  Rocket launch from Wallops Island.  PD));38.4587360294118;-77.448005882353
Fast moving objects over Stafford, Virginia 4PM 08/03/2020 during a storm cloud video;2020-08-03 16:00:00;20 seconds;Fast moving objects over Stafford, Virginia 4PM 08/03/2020 during a storm cloud video My daughter and I were videoing crazy clouds in a storm that was rolling in and caught something we cannot identify.  I have the full video and possibly other videos from my cell phone, if needed. this video is me recording from my daughter's phone.  It's the only way we knew how to zoom in and show how fast it really was. It looked like possibly 3-4 different objects.  One flew behind the cloud and the others in front.  Please let us know what this could be.  This form wouldn't let me upload the videos.  Occured about 4PM on 8/3/2020.;38.4587360294118;-77.448005882353
