Two craft chase over Bolivar.;2012-12-18 19:15:00;10 minutes;Two craft chase over Bolivar. My wife and I were getting into the car to go looking at Christmas lights when we both noticed some unusual lights in the southern sky.  At first we thought they were planes because we get a lot of air traffic over us.  After watching these two crafts for about a minute we both realized they were not planes. The front craft appeared as a blinking light.  The second which was following close behind was two solid lights with a blinking one in front making a rather squashed triangular shape.  At first we assumed the second craft was a plane with wingtip lights.  But there was no sound, and it appeared to be flying very high.  For it to be a plane it would had to have been much larger than any planes we currently use.  The second craft appeared to be chasing the front one.  The front craft was keeping a steady pace towards the west, whereas the second craft would slow to a complete stop in mid air before resuming and getting right back to the same distance from the first.  This is what stood out at first. After a few minutes of this behavior the second craft came to a complete stop once again, but this time it turned in the air about 45 degrees.  Watching the lights on what I’ll call the wingtips and the flashing light in front we could clearly see it turning while stopped.  It did this a few times, turning south then back to the west before turning south finally and slowly flying off and disappearing before it reached the horizon. As this was occurring the first craft continued west but at a slower pace.  Once the second craft was gone the first craft’s light stopped blinking and became a very bright solid light.  This solid light would last for about 10 seconds before it would dim back to the blinking light. It did this about 2 times before another aircraft came into view from the west, at which point the first craft started to turn back towards the east.  It did the solid light to blinking light one more time then disappeared from view as the aircraft from the west got close to it. This took place over the course of about 10 minutes, on 12/18/12, at 7:15PM.;37.6112;-93.4140000000001
Multiple triangular, hovering, and, well lighted craft spotted in formation in unincorporated Polk County, Missouri.;2015-07-24 23:15:00;5 minutes;Multiple triangular, hovering, and, well lighted craft spotted in formation in unincorporated Polk County, Missouri. On Friday the 24th  night of July, 2015, a friend and myself were out driving the back roads of the incorporated county.  We decided to stop out by an old quiet farmhouse out very northwest of Bolivar and Morrisville to have a cigarette before returning home for the night. As we sat in the car on the roadside we thought we saw a couple of airplanes, but soon realized that the group of lights we were seeing moving toward us from over the fields were moving too slowly and too low to the ground to be airplanes. The formation of oblong triangles moved swiftly and silently in different attack pattern formations.  They each emitted several lights but it appeared as if there were smaller light bars along the midsection of the hypotenuse of each craft and circular flood light type landing lights that were emitted from beneath all three corners.  The craft seemed to do what can only be described as several flock formation maneuvers.;37.6112;-93.4140000000001
