Observed: Bright white light, about 2-3 times brighter/bigger than the brightest star at night. stationary, then moved, then vanished;2011-09-12 04:38:00;2-4 minutes;Observed: Bright white light, about 2-3 times brighter/bigger than the brightest star at night. stationary, then moved, then vanished 09-12-2011  I’m a security guard working for one of the businesses here in La Vista. I work the night shift and I was on one of my patrols through the building and was on the 3rd floor. I was looking out of one of the windows around 04:38am overlooking the parking lot (looking east) and I noticed something in the southeast that at first I thought was a really bright star (bright white light) but it was about 2-3 times brighter/bigger than the brightest star I usually see at night and it caught my attention because it was very out of place and because it was right around horizon level, just above the tree line. Then I realized it was too bright to be a star and I focused on it for a minute or two. Then I noticed that it began to very slowly move in a steady pace to the left. That’s when I knew it wasn’t a star and that it was actually right there hovering over the ground. I estimate that it was perhaps maybe only half a mile away and I’m not good at measuring height but if I had to guess: anywhere between 200-600 feet above the ground but it was lower than any aircraft would normally be at. As it moved it went behind the trees. I was waiting for it to clear that set of trees and thought I would see it appear again on the other end but it never reappeared. It seemed the area it was hovering over was a bit to the south of the 108th & Giles intersection.  There is a Kum & Go gas station right there. And the area is pretty vacant as far as buildings is concerned (a view businesses in the area) but there are lots of large open fields between my building and that intersection (so not too many street lights). I kept watching for another 10min. or so hoping to see it reappear but nothing. So since it didn’t reappear it left me to believe that it had landed. I had to get back to my desk and I walked away from the window at about 04:50am. It didn’t seem to behave the way a helicopter would. Why would a helicopter be perfectly stationary for about 1-2min. plus I don’t know how long it was there and stationary before I had noticed it and if it were a helicopter that landed you would think it would have picked up the people to be airlifted to a hospital if it was a medical helicopter? I believe police choppers don’t land either but use their search lights to point out the suspect to ground units. There were no search lights coming from this thing, it was just a bright shiny light that was stationary and then started to move and then seemed to vanish for good. I probably wouldn’t have been able to hear any sound if there were any because our building is quite soundproof. The sky was clear and I did see the stars and if I remember correctly the moon was out too. There could be a conventional explanation for it I suppose but I don’t know what it was. It would be nice to find out if there were any helicopters flying that night over the city of La Vista.  P.S. Since I didn't actualize see the white light land on the ground because the trees blocked my view i'm not checking the box for The Object landed but it is still a possibility that it did. Afterall where else would it have gone?;41.1832833333333;-96.0738166666667
