As we observed the red sphere, it occured to us, that it appeared as if it were looking for something.;1989-11-07 19:30:00;20 min;As we observed the red sphere, it occured to us, that it appeared as if it were looking for something. I was outside enjoying the evening and I noticed what at first I thought was a plane, watching it I realized that it stopped and changed directions. I ran inside and called my sister who lived down the road to come out as well.  When I returned outside the light (sort of a glowing round redish orange in color) was  on the ridge across from my house. This ridge is app. 1/2 mile from us and follows at a straight line with a full view of 5 miles in length ( we live in a rural area with no other lights around). The sphere followed the ridge silently in the tree tops, sometimes in front of the trees, sometimes a little above, and sometimes it was behind them. The trees here are oaks, bl. walnut, standing 50-60 ft. tall on the adverage.  As the sphere traveled it would stop, back up, and procede forward again. We had our father come outside as well, he was somewhat of a sceptic on such matters, he watched with us and stated, well I know what it's not, it's not an airplane, or a helicoptor so he did decide it was unidentified.  We watched it for app. 20 min. About 1 & 1/2 hours later I went outside again, and it had returned, following the same path as it had previously taken, doing the exact same thing, following the same ridge, very slowly, this time taking about 35 min.  We called a neighbor, about 1 mile away in that direction, and he had seen it the first time, but it was low for him and he thought it was a cars single brake light. He watched it as well the second time, only it was higher this time. He told his wife, who had been traveling that night home from the same general direction of the light, and she stated that while traveling home she had observed several times, a light coming down from the sky onto the hills beside her, no sound, very fast, like a white search light going on and off. She could not see where it was coming from but saw it 4 times very fast.;36.5783;-93.9882
