Opaque V outline.;2008-11-30 07:30:00;30-45 seconds;Opaque V outline. Mid-fall, daybreak.  Saw a V formation slowly appear in view.  I was standing next to the garage, having a cigarette.  The garage blocked my view of where this formation originated.   At first thought a flock of geese.  When it slowed, nearly stopped in front of me and just over my head (15-20Ft above my head, approx 20-30 ft in front of me)  There was no flapping of wings, no individual movement(s), no sound.  The V was a perfect formation of other interlocking V's.  I saw what I believe was the outline of this object.  As mentioned, it hesitated as if seeing me there in the shadows of the garage surprised it. It was slightly tipped upward, as a jet would be when taking off.  It seems to elevate quickly w/little forward movement and started to move forward.  My next thought was Oh Oh it's going to hit the maple tree (A huge tree!)....I heard a soft whoosh of air, felt no air movement.  Disbelief when it went right ! through the maple tree,  I ran and saw it briefly reappear, on the other side of the tree, it was still tilted upward and moved faster then I could follow it.  It then dissapeared from my view. Noticed no lights.  Basically, the outline was interlocking V formations, repeative chevrons/boomerange forms.  It was not that large, perhaps 30ft wide at its widest, and equal in length from it's tip to mid-span end.  The V's were or seemed to be a matte black, not shiney.  I did not notice any thing solid between the V.  It looked like an outline of a craft more than a solid craft. Tryed to wrap my mind around what I saw.  It was not geese or any other bird formation. End of Story.  Oh  This happened in the fall of 2009. I became horribly ill approx. 3-4 wks later.  (It was not the flu.)  I cannot attribute this illness to this sighting.  I have not totally recovered and it's been approx. 6 years.   When I initially became ill, and after some tests a doctor asked me whether I had been exposed to radiation in some form or another.  Definitely end of story.  Just a tidbit that I found interesting. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));43.64;-123.5905
