1 lg. bright orange orb that split into 3 orbs.  Fighter jets chased them & they disappeared.  Mil. jets, helis, and a b2 followed.;2014-12-10 17:30:00;20 minutes;1 large bright orange orb that split into 3 orbs fighter jets chased them they disappeared. Military jets, helis, and a b2 followed. Last night, in the early evening, right after dark, I was leaving the local Ruidoso grocery store.  As I pulled onto the road from the grocery store, my wife and I experienced a mystifying event that carried on for maybe 20 minutes.   As we exited the parking lot of the grocery store I noticed a large and extremely bright orange orb directly above us.  I started yelling with excitement for my wife to look, and at that moment, the orb was now right in front of us and suddenly split into 3 orbs all large and amber/orange in color maybe 1500 feet above ground level.   The orbs began traveling at a high rate of speed to the north.  I then rolled down my window to look at the sky and see if could hear anything.  No Sound.   At this point, I notice 2 fighter jets traveling in the same direction, at a high rate of speed, and these planes I could hear.  The jets were left in the dust.   Out of disparity to maybe get a glimpse of this phenomenon again we proceeded to a look out point a couple miles up the road.  We pulled over and began scanning the sky.  My wife saw the orbs first and drew my attention to where they were.  This time there were 2 orbs above the Tularosa, NM, region.  They were hovering in the horizon for a couple minutes then went dark.   We waited a couple minutes longer and two more jets came from the east heading in the direction of the orbs at a high rate of speed.  As the jets approached, the orbs made themselves visible again, and went straight up several thousand feet, then dropped back down instantly to where they were right above the horizon, as if they were trying to get the attention of the jets, maybe to taunt them.  The orbs then collided into one another and disappeared.   The jets made several circles in the area of where we saw the orbs.  After a few minutes the jets turned and made their way back towards Holloman Air Force Base.  Two large helicopters then appeared and circled the same area for a few minutes, and then also made their way back to Holloman as well.   We then proceeded home.  Maybe 30-45 minutes after being home, I heard a large turbine engine.  I thought it was another helicopter.  To be sure, I ran out to my back deck, where it was open, and to my surprise a B2 bomber came directly over me, very low, maybe 2000 feet AGL at approximately 500 knots heading towards Roswell, NM.  Its force shook my house and alarmed many people in my neighborhood.  It was definitely a B2 it was enormous.  I am also a pilot and know the difference between these aircraft.   The day before this sighting a friend explained his father was in Alamogordo, NM, (White Sands Missle Range) and experienced a shock wave of energy as he was walking into the Home Depot.  It alarmed others.  The phones, internet, land lines and credit card machines all went dead the day of this event for most of the day.  There were jets flying all day long.  I tried to record a video on my phone but the objects were too far away.  Explanation: Weird! ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));33.3474;-105.651
