BRIGHT OBJECT!!! sighting   Ruidoso New Mexico  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably Venus.  PD));2006-02-06 05:00:00;1 hour;BRIGHT OBJECT!!! sighting   Ruidoso New Mexico a VERY LARGE   BRIGHT light   --   was observed outside our bedroom window  --   to close to be a STAR   and   also to large and bright   = it  seemed to just hover in the same  spot   for an hour or  more   -- at times  the light  was more intense than other times   --     then it started moving  and  seemed  to   be climbing   high in the sky  -- until we could no longer see    this  LARGE  BRIGHT light!!!  ((NUFORC Note:  Probably Venus.  PD));33.3474;-105.651
shimmering light appears/disappears/reappears followed by plane and an apparent air force jet;2011-02-10 21:00:00;5 minutes;Shimmering light appears/disappears/reappears followed by plane and an apparent air force jet Amended report of UFO sighting:   Approximately 9:00 PM, Thursday, February 10, 2011  Ruidoso, NM   Standing on our deck facing northeast under a clear cold early nighttime sky, I sighted a star like object (slightly larger than bright planet Venus on a summer night) shimmering brightly and moving slowly in a general westerly direction.  After a few seconds, the object veered north and northeast and its light disappeared (apparently making a tight U-turn).   At this time I thought I was witnessing the landing lights of an aircraft coming in for a landing.  However, the lack of lights on the wings and tail was curious.  Seconds later, the object reappeared farther west than where I had last seen it.  And again, a few seconds later, it veered north and northeast and its light was extinguished.   It reappeared a second time, again further west, but shortly thereafter the object flew behind tall pine trees that obstructed my view.  Throughout the episode I did not hear any sound emanating from the object. Approximately 10-15 seconds after I lost sight of the object, I observed a high flying plane in the eastern sky also moving in a westerly direction.  I felt that the aircraft was following the object that I saw, but keeping a safe distance away. Minutes later after entering my house and telling my wife what I saw, a jet approached from the east (possibly from Holloman Air Force Base in Alamogordo?) and roared overhead, again traveling in a general westerly direction. I am a retired public school mathematics teacher...and I must admit that this is the first time I have ever witnessed such an unusual event.;33.3474;-105.651
Same object seen two consecutive nights.;2018-12-13 19:00:00;5 minutes;Same object seen two consecutive nights. On two consecutive nights I witnessed the exact same appearing UFO in the night sky. The first was on the night of 12/12/18.  I was walking to the lower level of our trailer park to retrieve a cooking pot from my Dad.  I stopped before descending towards the lower level as I had looked up and saw a light that looked like a star...but was moving! In a southerly direction it moved, slowly but surely.  No blinking lights whatsoever it seemed to be around 5-13 miles up.  I'm not able to accurately convey a distance marker, but it definitely had no sentry lights as conventional aircraft have.  The light eventually dimmed and disappeared, with no visible clouds in the sky it just seemed to fade out as it continued the same direction and speed. Then, on the night of 12/13/18, I was doing the marquee at the movie theater and, to my amazement, I noticed the same exact looking light in the sky!  This time it was moving in a more south-easterly direction, but had the same attributes as the one I saw the night previously.  The light, this time, did not fade out but disappeared behind the tree line in the southeast. Observer Note:  These two sightings COULD be attributed to a satellite, but seemed far too bright to be such a mundane object such as a satellite.;33.3474;-105.651
