Floating star and cigar shaped crafts?  Helicopter-like noise but no helicopter.;2012-03-10 20:23:00;20 seconds;Floating star and cigar shaped crafts?  Helicopter-like noise but no helicopter. While bringing groceries in from my car, I head what sounded at first like extremely low flying helicopters. I looked up to the trees and watched for whatever was making such a sound to come over and appear over the trees.  What came into view was a bright bluish orb, like a star floating through the sky and immediately following it was a second craft, so close it looked like it was chasing the orb. the second craft had three solid lights, one blue one red one green. As the first craft flew directly over my head I could see it was not just an orb but a dark or black colored cigar shaped craft moving quietly and stealthily with no other visible lights.  If it were not for the tiny blue orb at it's tip it would not have been easily detectable.  It seemed as though this craft was indeed trying to go unnoticed.  The second craft followed so closely it looked like it might catch the first object and I thought to myself how is it avoiding flying directly into the rear of the first object it was hard to tell but I seemed as though the second craft was the one that sounded like a highly advanced and maybe military heli - but I could see in the silhouette it was cigar shaped and not anything like a heli I have ever seen flying at night.  This craft had only three solid lights, nothing flashing as I have seen all other heli's do in my area and it seemed to be chasing the first object. The crafts were so low they looked like they were about to land in a field on the other side of the street but they didn't.  I just kept thinking what is that first craft doing flying so low with no lights on?! And why is this other craft chasing it?!  I know in my gut these were not airplanes nor helicopters. The craft disappeared over the trees. I came into the house to tell my boyfriend and he beat me to saying that he also heard the low flying craft, yet knew from the sound it didn't sound like any plane or helicopter.;41.6758352941177;-72.7878088235294
