Mother and children see a UFO at close range as Army helicopters  appear to  be pursuing it.;1989-06-01 00:00:00;2 minutes;Mother and children see a UFO at close range as Army helicopters  appear to  be pursuing it. Me and my three children were outside in the front of our home when I observed a white/grayish, large disc shaped spaceship hovering silently in the sky. It had a few lights beneath it around the outer rim area that didn't seem to be on the whole time we were watching it, suspended in the sky just behind our home.  I pointed to it and the children and I continued to observe it for another minute or so. Suddenly we heard the noise of helicopters coming from behinds us two (possibly three) appeared on the scene and seemed to be after the UFO (chasing, investigating it or supervising it) when it began a rapid zigzag movement away from us and the helicopters (at many times the speed of any jet)and before the UFO was out of site, it just dissappeared. This was not a sighting of something that looked like a strange object, from where we stood, it was in plain sight and in broad day light. Our house bordered near two highways and I was sure many would have seen it too but when I called the police department and asked if they had received any calls of any strange sightings, they said no and I didn't report it.  The children never spoke of it again and I too forgot about it. Maybe the word isn't forgot but brainwashed because when it came to mind, I couldn't believe why I had not shared it with my husband or closest friends emediately. When I approached the kids to talk about it after months had gone by, they didn't feel comfortable talking about it.  Today, after about 10 years, they still remember it clearly but didn't want to be reminded...so strange.  I almost feel there was a force silencing us... or maybe it's just a normal fear that overtakes us because of such an extraordinary/paranormal event. ((NUFORC Note:  Date appears to be approximate, perhaps sometime during the late 1980's.  PD));40.6183;-74.772
