		I was traveling from Carthage, TN, on Hwy 25 towad Nashville at 19:30.  Bright light.  ((NUFORC Note:  Venus?  PD));2015-06-05 21:00:00;45 minutes;	June 5, 2015 	 	I was traveling from Carthage, Tennessee,  on Highway 25 towad  Nashville at 19:30 after a visit with my 92 year old mother who is in rehab. 	At the Payne's intersection t  (Sumner county and Trousdale count line) I noticed a extremely bright  light on the right of my 2015 Toyota Tacoma.  The light seemed to be some what banana  shaped and I noticed it seemed to be following me.   Sometime I thought it even had the shape of a man. 		I stopped the truck  on  a very busy highway  (Vietnams Veterans' Blvd)  a number of times and the light would stop.  In Hendersonville, I pulled off the  Boulevard in a quite area on Old Hickory lake and stopped a number of time and the light continued to follow me.  I had notice a second object to my left of similar brightness and shape but not quite as visible as the first one.  I stopped on a large parking lot and got out of the truck.  Both objects moved closer and stopped in front of me. 	They come closer and stayed in front of me in clear view.  The objects would move a little up and down and right and left like a helicopter hovering.   I stood for about 15 to 30 minutes and the objects remained in the same position. I decided to go home as I was a little nervous.  I got back on 31w highway and traveled toward Rivergate Mall and the object followed me as before.  I turned left on Myatt Dr and the first object followed as before. 		I arrived home and the first object stood a litter father away than before.  It stopped and would move as I moved.  It seemed to stay in position to see me as I walked around my property.  I final sat down on a step and stayed very still for about 15 minutes and final the object began to retreat westward  growing dimmer and it was out of sight. 		I am a 72 year old man who has never seen a UFO and really never even took all the stories  of  sightings seriously and have often said I will believe the stories when I see one.  I have been a business man and real estate agent most of my life. 		I have no I idea why they chose to follow me because I am a very ordinary person with   family and friends. 	If you could enlighting me on this situation I would appreciate.;36.3834;-86.4512000000001
