seven small, red dots viewed moving at a high speed from southwest to northeast.;2009-08-28 20:10:00;10 seconds;seven small, red dots viewed moving at a high speed from southwest to northeast. I saw seven (7) small, red dots moving at a faster speed than is normal for aircraft in this area.  These dots appeared to be at a great distance due to the small size.  Six were in a cluster formation with the seventh trailing a short distance behind.  The dots were moving from the southwest to the northeast.  I was able to view them for approximately ten (10) seconds.  From my backyard they were viewed directly to the east. The dots were at a great vertical and horizontal distance from me.  I have military experience with aircraft including the SR-71 Blackbird.  The dots remained in the cluster formation the entire time of the viewing.  It was not a military formation or a formation of any pattern.  The dots were red or orange and appeared to be slightly larger than the size of a medium star as viewed from this area.;36.3834;-86.4512000000001
((HOAX??  DATE UNKNOWN))  Several lights move in erratic fashion across the sky, then converge to one ball of light then disappear.;2016-04-15 23:00:00;8 minutes;Several lights move in erratic fashion across the sky, then converge to one ball of light then disappear. One night my family and I were watching the international space station fly over.  About ten minutes after it had passed, I looked up to see what looked like stars flying around in erratic directions.  I pointed it out, and one by one, we all saw them.   It started out to be two, but then more came and they appeared to be almost chasing each other and playing around.  It wasn't debris from the space station because of the erratic motions and speed, and it wasn't bugs because the star like lights would fly behind clouds and comeback out the other side.   We watched for several minutes as they chased, darted, fly across the sky then stop and fly the opposite directions.  Towards the end of it there were almost two dozen but they all emerged into one light the size of the North Star and then fizzled out like smoke.   We called are local news channel to report it, but they pretty much called us nuts and told us to record it, but our video camera had been chewed up by our dog and the lights were too small to zoom in on.   I'm not a big UFO believer but I don't know what it was. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness does not indicate a date of the alleged sighting.  We have assigned an arbitrary date.  Possible hoax??  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) This is not a hoaxed report, I am just not sure if the date. I believe it was August of 2006 but I am not sure  ((END ADDENDUM));36.3834;-86.4512000000001
