Disappearing object seen as light glints off of it;2002-11-23 16:15:00;a few seconds;Disappearing object seen as light glints off of it My daughter and I were traveling to Goodlettsville from Gallatin between 4:00 and 4:30 pm. We were just about to get on Vietnam Vets Parkway. I had noticed a couple of aircraft in the sky. Both of them were leaving a contrail as they went through the sky that very quickly disappeared behind them. It was generally clear the only clouds I noticed were at the horizon where the sun was setting. Just as I was about to approach Vietnam Vet's, I slowed down for a traffic light. I happened to glance up, and noticed a metallic object quickly going by. It was at my 11 o'clock position, traveling from NE to SW. Just as I saw it, the sun glinted off of it, and then it simply vanished. Since I was at a stop at the light, I had time to really look for it, but it was nowhere to be seen. There were absolutely no clouds up there that it could have gone behind. I remember thinking as I first saw it that it was strange that it was not leaving a contrail, as the other planes were. I could no! t judge the altitude, but it looked like it was considerably lower than the planes were. It looked bigger than the planes I had seen, so I'm assuming it was lower.  It did look spherical, but of course, right as I noticed it the light reflected off of it, so I could not say for sure that it was. I know I didn't notice any wings. After it disappeared, I tried to make sense of what I saw, and thought that just maybe I had seen a plane. Then I happened to see a real plane as it was making approach to the Nashville airport. I could see the wings and everything, even though it was many miles away, and the object I had seen was almost directly overhead. I realized that 1)if that had been a plane that I had seen that was just too low to leave a contrail, I would have seen the wings, and 2)the reflection flash happened on the opposite side of the craft from the setting sun.;36.3834;-86.4512000000001
My daughter and I were traveling to Goodlettsville from Gallatin between 4:00 and 4:30 pm. We were just about to get on Vietnam Vets Pa;2002-11-23 16:15:00;a few seconds;My daughter and I were traveling to Goodlettsville from Gallatin between 4:00 and 4:30 pm.  We were just about to get on Vietnam Vets Parkway.  I had noticed a couple of aircraft in the sky.  Both of them were leaving a contrail as they went through the sky that very quickly disappeared behind them.  It was generally clear the only clouds I noticed were at the horizon where the sun was setting.  Just as I was about to approach Vietnam Vet's, I slowed down for a traffic light.  I happened to glance up, and noticed a metallic object quickly going by.  It was at my 11 o'clock position, traveling from NE to SW.  Just as I saw it, the sun glinted off of it, and then it simply vanished.  Since I was at a stop at the light, I had time to really look for it, but it was nowhere to be seen.  There were absolutely no clouds up there that it could have gone behind.  I remember thinking as I first saw it that it was strange that it was not leaving a contrail, as the other planes were. I could not judge the altitude, but it looked like it was considerably lower than the planes were.  It looked bigger than the planes I had seen, so I'm assuming it was lower.  It did look spherical, but of course, right as I noticed it the light reflected off of it, so I could not say for sure that it was.  I know I didn't notice any wings.  After it disappeared, I tried to make sense of what I saw, and thought that just maybe I had seen a plane.  Then I happened to see a real plane as it was making approach to the Nashville airport.  I could see the wings and everything, even though it was many miles away, and the object I had seen was almost directly overhead.  I realized that 1) if that had been a plane that I had seen that was just too low to leave a contrail, I would have seen the wings, and 2) the reflection flash happened on the opposite side of the craft from the setting sun. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.3834;-86.4512000000001
saw a mass of objects, grouped together in an unorganized formation, very high in the atmosphere, disappear;2010-04-02 13:00:00;5 seconds;saw a mass of objects, grouped together in an unorganized formation, very high in the atmosphere, disappear While walking my dog on a very clear day in the midafternoon, I heard the sound of a jet , nearly overhead and looked up and saw not only the jet airliner, but also what I would describe as a  mass of objects, maybe 20 or so that appeared much higher than the jet aircraft.  It was obvious they were not birds, way too high and not in any formation.  They instantly vanished  and I did not see them again.  I have never seen anything like that in the sky before. It reminded me of pictures I have seen  of  ufo swarms.  The sighting lasted only a couple of seconds before disappearing. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));36.3834;-86.4512000000001
