Red, Pink and Yellow lights rise slowly at horizon, organize into evenly spaced vertical line, then move off south and fade away.;2011-07-04 20:30:00;5 minutes;Red, Pink and Yellow lights rise slowly at horizon, organize into evenly spaced vertical line, then move off south and fade away. Let me first state that I have not shared this report with friends or family because it's not exciting, but after hearing your request for these kinds of sightings on Coast to Coast am a few months ago, I thought I should at least tell you what I saw. It was just before dusk last year, July 4, 2011. The sky was in twilight between 8-9pm in the small township of Goodland, just north of Imlay City Michigan. I had finished a late dinner and was standing in my yard looking south. Goodland is a small farming community. Each house is separated by farmland. South of me there are only 6 to 8 homes within my sight line. A few neighbors were lighting off some small fireworks in their yards which had my attention directed south and low on the horizon. Amid the small pops of bottle rockets and the like I noticed roughly 6-8 lights hanging just above the horizon at an indeterminate distance. The ground rolls slightly for miles and there are several tree lines that merge making the distance too difficult to judge. The dots of light were red, pink and yellow. At first they appeared to have the same glow of some of the larger fireworks you'd see at a festival, but these orbs were slowly rising. As the lights  rose higher I called to my wife to come see. She came in time to witness the lights organize from a loose arrangement to lining up in a straight vertical line evenly spaced apart. From that position they slowly faded away over a period of about 1-2 minutes. The top one faded first followed by each subsequent lower one till they were gone. I think the fade was a product of them moving off dire! ctly south, one by one. The whole event took 3-5 minutes at most.  This being the 4th of July with fireworks at the time, I figured there was no sense reporting this sighting. Additionally, there is an air force base to the south east of me, (Selfridge ANG) which is 40+ miles away.  I have not seen those lights again.;43.0415;-83.074
Small red lights above farm field.;2017-07-01 02:00:00;Few minutes;Small red lights above farm field. My dog woke me around 2am with much barking.  So i got up to let him out.  However, she would not go out when i opened the back door.  In fact, she acted scared.  I thought that there were some coyotes.  So, i went out on tge back deck to have a look.  And, i saw 2 small red lights flitting around about a foot from the ground of a farm field that is next to my property.  Then, they just disappeared.;43.0415;-83.074
