My daughter and I whitnessed a triangular shaped craft with chaotic strobes over Carmichael, CA.;2006-05-12 21:50:00;4 minutes;My daughter and I whitnessed a triangular shaped craft with chaotic strobes over Carmichael, CA. My Daughter and I were driving Northbound on a street called Manzanita Ave. at about 9:50 p.m. We were approaching an intersection to come to a stop when suddenly we saw what appeared to be very chaotic flashing deep red and brilliant white strobe lights in front of us. They were in the north sky. The full moon was just to right and south of us. Now sitting at the stop light there were other cars around us at the stop light as well. We were able to see a shape that looked like a straight line . It was horizontal and moving from horizontal to slanted left to right. It was very large ... the size of the full moon or bigger. It suddenly pulled away further north faster than we could track it. Our light turned green but all the cars were hesitant to go including myself. I finally resumed driving north keeping my eye on the object which was still strobing. The object came to a sudden stop while we were still travelling north. The object was actually very close to a light tower off in the distance and it just sat there hovering. The lights went off and the object was a dark triangle now . Then very quickly white  lights appeared on top of the craft in a cone shape. Then it seemed to shift but we couldn't tell if it was clockwise or counter clockwise. Now the cone shaped light appeared on the bottom of the craft and the lights were now a deep red. Now it began circling the tower in a clockwise direction about 2 times. We were getting ready to stop at another light...I was not able to keep my eye on the object. I looked up towards the object and the light tower and the object was gone. By the way this object made no sounds that we could hear from the car.;38.6283;-121.3307
Triangle shaped objects seen flying in Northern California.;2019-05-29 22:00:00;20 minutes;Triangle shaped objects seen flying in Northern California. About an hour ago, as I was taking my dog outside, I noticed a white triangle blinking light in the sky.  After a few minutes, there were two and then three white triangles.  Then the speed of the blinking lights changed.  It appeared that the shape of the blinking lights had changed to the shape of a small person.  Then the lights changed to red and green.  It appeared the object was flying around a small area and then it suddenly went up.  It was flying around in a bizarre pattern. I stood there for a few minutes watching it fly around. I was frozen.  Then the object started to come closer to me.  I got spooked.  So I grabbed my dog and ran inside the house.  I immediately told my mom what I saw.  She then came out to see for herself.  I then went back inside to grab my phone so I could record what I was seeing.  When I came back outside, I saw that there was another object with red and green triangle blinking lights.  The second object appeared to be flying faster than the first one.;38.6283;-121.3307
