My daughter saw wierd light in the sky, and called out to myhusband and I who ran to the window...upon seeing this low flying, quiet br;1999-09-21 20:30:00;30+ minutes;My daughter saw wierd light in the sky, and called out to myhusband and I who ran to the window...upon seeing this low flying, quiet bright/ yellowish disk, I started running for the camera, husband grabbed camcorder and drove his truck down the road to get pictures, it didnt have a battery...we ran to our neighbors new tall garage they are building, to get up high and plug the camcorder into extention cord, another neighbor who saw us yelling and hubby rushing down the road, and us acting nutty came to the neighbors garage, where we all watched it till just a bit ago, when it got too far out of sight. It often stood still, is probibly still heading west, we have better camera shots than camcorder as the amount of time it took for us to get the darn thing plugged in. I am hoping it makes a U-turn. I am sure its still there but out of our view...this was soooo exciting! PLEASE if you read this asap, and have connections to people west of columbia, call them and have them look for very low tree level bright large craft! and then get back to me at ((address deleted))@aol.com My daughter saw wierd light in the sky, and called out to myhusband and I who ran to the window...upon seeing this low flying, quiet bright/ yellowish disk, I started running for the camera, husband grabbed camcorder and drove his truck down the road to get pictures, it didnt have a battery...we ran to our neighbors new tall garage they are building, to get up high and plug the camcorder into extention cord, another neighbor who saw us yelling and hubby rushing down the road, and us acting nutty came to the neighbors garage, where we all watched it till just a bit ago, when it got too far out of sight. It often stood still, is probibly still heading west, we have better camera shots than camcorder as the amount of time it took for us to get the darn thing plugged in. I am hoping it makes a U-turn. I am sure its still there but out of our view...this was soooo exciting! PLEASE if you read this asap, and have connections to people west of columbia, call them and have them look for very low tree level bright large craft! and then get back to me. (sorry, was so excited i put full description above.;41.3172;-81.9339
