Low flying, zig-zagging disc with lights in the 70's;1970-01-01 12:00:00;30 Minutes;Low flying, zig-zagging disc with lights in the 70's I am telling this story as a second hand experience as told to me by a couple that is extremely good friends with my family- the couple babysat me as a youngster, I grew up with their youngest son, and they still remain very close friends with my parents.  The story begins while my family and the couple mentioned, along with their son, were vacationing up north on Portage Lake.  In the cabin one evening, we all decided to share strange occurrences we had experienced in the past- paranormal events and stuff like that.  I thought this was strange for my friend's parents to bring up because they are such content, sincere folks- the type of people one wouldn't associate with UFO sightings.  Anyways, they started off by asking one another if they remembered what they called  the flying saucer in the field back about thirty years ago.  Then they proceeded to tell us the story of the disc they saw during the seventies over the field that is only a block from my current residence.  As I describe the story they told, I will refer to the couple as Dan and Ann.  Here is what they told myself and my family of their experience:   One day (unsure of exactly what season they said) Dan was riding his bike back from the local grocery store a few blocks away.  On his rode home, he noticed a large, blackish-metallic, low flying disc with lights around its perimeter near the water tower down the road from the grocery store.  Being only a few blocks from home, he peddaled home, as fast as he could, with the water tower and stationary ufo on his right and the field and his home on the left (Dan and Ann's home at the time was right at the field's edge).  Dan immdeiately got Ann to come and see the spectacle outside.  When they both got back outside, the disc was over the field, moving slowly in the direction of their home, then it stopped.  Dan and Ann watched the disc for several minutes, as it slowly changed direction, heading back toward the direction of the grocery store Dan had just came from.  As it! flew, it slowly spun (I am almost positive they said it spun) and was outlined with greenish-yellowish, almost fluorescent lights. During flight, it silently zig-zagged slowly back and forth while still heading in the same direction.  Dan and Ann watched the disc until it flew out of sight.  They never heard of anyone else seeing it or of any reports in the newspaper or on tv. ~ These people I have known my entire life telling me of this event now, to me, makes the phenomena of UFOs and otherworldly life a reality.  Another thing that the couple emphasized in the telling of their story was that the disc moved as if it wasn't effected by the same scientific barriers as we on earth currently are- the way it zig-zagged during flight effortlessly gave them the distinct feeling that this craft was either other-worldly or far, far, far ahead of its time. (the date, time, and year of the sighting are mere estimates- I am absolutely sure that it was in the 1970's, though). ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
1977 my siblings and I saw a huge disc shaped UFO with revolving lights and lots of windows hovering in front of us.;1977-07-20 20:00:00;5 minutes;1977 my siblings and I saw a huge disc shaped UFO with revolving lights and lots of windows hovering in front of us. My, sister, brother, and I were walking home one evening from a church meeting and we looked up and saw a spacecraft hovering in front of us.  It was huge and was grayish in color, disk shaped, and had lots of windows going across it.  It also had revolving lights in the middle of it.  I don’t remember any noise coming from it.  It stayed in front of us as we walked a couple blocks and then it moved away very fast and was gone.  We told our parents but didn’t think to report it.  As time went on I thought people would think we were crazy if we talked about it.  I was 17 years old at that time, and now I’ll be 60 this year. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
Saw a craft decend over some power lines and hover.  Saucer shaped with bright lights around the middle;1978-01-12 20:00:00;5 minutes;Saw a craft decend over some power lines and hover.  Saucer shaped with bright lights around the middle While driving a friend home, myself and another friend noticed some weird lights coming toward us, about 2-3 miles away.   We drove to the end of the road and turned off our lights.  The craft came directly at us and stopped over the top of a high power electrical lines.  There was NO noise.  The trees adjacent to the lines were bent over.   The craft was about 50-70 feet wide, all different colored lights rotating around the middle.  It appeared to be using the power lines for energy.  We were approximatly 200 yards away.   The craft hovered for 1-2 minutes and then some spot lights at the bottom of the craft rotated and shined on us.  It then took of at a very high rate of speed on a diagonal.   We jumped on I-196 East and followed for about ten minutes, at this point it was just a light traveling very fast.   The weird thing about this is that me and my two friends never remembered this until two weeks later!!  I thought it was a dream until I talked to my friends and it all came back to us.   This happened at the Consumers Energy Power lines West of M-45 and just north of Covell N.W. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD)) ((ADDENDUM FROM ORIGINAL WITNESS, SUBMITTED ON NOVEMBER 05, 2008)) I submitted this report back in 2005.   I have been reviewing my report from that time.  There are a couple of things that are incorrect.  The sighting was South of Lake Michigan Drive and West of Covell Road.    A few more things I would like to point out.  The craft may have been 3 to 4 times the size that I stated (200-300 ft.)  As we were driving up Cenntenial Drive (steep incline) the lights caught my eye.  It was about 20-30 miles away, it was coming at us at a very high rate of speed.  It had multiple lights rotating around the middle of the saucer.  As in other reports that I read, the middle of the craft did not come to a point, it had was a verticle surface (5-10 feet or more)  The strangest thing was that as soon as the spot lights under the object focused on us (my friend who was driving killed the lights and coasted to the end of the road, so I felt it did not know we were there) it rose and speed off at an unbelievable rate of speed (thousands of miles an hour or more)  I was in the passenger seat and never took my eyes off of it.  It traveled 30 miles in two or three seconds.  We jumped on 196 East and followed it for about ten minutes.  It looked like a moving star off in the distance. The strangest thing of all is that after we headed back home, none of us spoke about it to each other or anyone that night (family members, etc.).  It wasn't until weeks later that we were all hanging out together, and I mentioned it as a dream.  Instantly both of my friends who were with me had the wierdest looks on thier faces.  I could tell they were freaked out.  We had one or two other friends present at this time.  They thought we were joking.  Each of us took turns telling exactly the same thing that happened. If anyone would like to talk to me about this, I would like to talk to someone if possible.;42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
I submitted this report back in 2005.  I have been reviewing my report from that time. There are a couple of things that are incorrect.;1978-01-12 20:00:00;5 minutes;I submitted this report back in 2005.   I have been reviewing my report from that time.  There are a couple of things that are incorrect.  The sighting was South of Lake Michigan Drive and West of Covell Road.    A few more things I would like to point out.  The craft may have been 3 to 4 times the size that I stated (200-300 ft.)  As we were driving up Cenntenial Drive (steep incline) the lights caught my eye.  It was about 20-30 miles away, it was coming at us at a very high rate of speed.  It had multiple lights rotating around the middle of the saucer.  As in other reports that I read, the middle of the craft did not come to a point, it had was a verticle surface (5-10 feet or more)  The strangest thing was that as soon as the spot lights under the object focused on us (my friend who was driving killed the lights and coasted to the end of the road, so I felt it did not know we were there) it rose and speed off at an unbelievable rate of speed (thousands of miles an hour or more)  I was in the passenger seat and never took my eyes off of it.  It traveled 30 miles in two or three seconds.  We jumped on 196 East and followed it for about ten minutes.  It looked like a moving star off in the distance. The strangest thing of all is that after we headed back home, none of us spoke about it to each other or anyone that night (family members, etc.).  It wasn't until weeks later that we were all hanging out together, and I mentioned it as a dream.  Instantly both of my friends who were with me had the wierdest looks on thier faces.  I could tell they were freaked out.  We had one or two other friends present at this time.  They thought we were joking.  Each of us took turns telling exactly the same thing that happened. If anyone would like to talk to me about this, I would like to talk to someone if possible.;42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
I was taking my daughter home from the local hospital and i looked acrossed the street. I saw this circular or flat round shape with li;1991-02-15 22:00:00;5 minutes;I was taking my daughter home from the local hospital and i looked acrossed the street.   I saw this circular or flat round shape with lights all around it hovering in the sky.  I told my daughter to look (she was about 8 yrs old then) and she started screaming to take her back inside the hospital . (she had broken her arm sliding).   My legs got weak, and it stayed there for quiet a while as if it were watching us.   Then it went straight up into the air.  Our local airport also reported seeing something that evening to on the radar, but didnt know what it was.   Not a single sound was made.;42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
I saw bright  object that  huvered and then flew off with very high speed!;1995-06-15 15:00:00;45 sec;I saw bright  object that  huvered and then flew off with very high speed! I was traveling down leonard street in my town and had to stop for a traffic light,something caught me and my wifes attention in the sky,I said to my wife do you see that and she said yes,what is it she asked?I said I dont know as it hovered high in the sky above us but at an angle that we could see it from my side window.It was shiny and bright and seemed to be standing still,we stared at it while waiting for the light to turn green and then it sped off with a speed never seen before.It appeared to have sensed we saw it and took off.It was a clear day and was no falling star,Ive seen falling stars and this was no falling star!My father in law was following us in his car behind me abaot 4 or 5 cars and when we got home he said he saw it to,we called the local radio station to report this and they said there were no reports that day but A current Afair was in town doing a story on sightings that week over lake Michigan that a air traffic controller saw and reported early that week that we were not aware of,I know this was something out of this world and my father in law is very conservitive and catholic and would not admit to seeing this for fear of being thought of as a idiot but still to this day admits to the sighting when our family gets toghether.I have seen this twice,after a aboat 8 years I saw it near Lake Michigan and it was the same appearance.Im the kind of person that did not belive this stuff(ufo's)but now I am convinced that there our things from other parts of space that are watching us.Me my wife and father in law will testify to this until the day we die. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
Disc seen in daylight from freeway.;2002-08-18 13:25:00;10 seconds;Disc seen in daylight from freeway. While driving on I96 west bound my wife looked north and saw a disc shaped craft in the sky. Trees got in the way and when they cleared it was gone. We were 5 minutes outside the city limits and when we exited she told me what she saw. My wife is 59 and professionally employed and has never seen anything like this before.;42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
Multiple flying objects over Grand Rapids Michigan.;2009-03-17 00:00:00;45 minutes;Multiple flying objects over Grand Rapids Michigan. I went outside just before midnight, to smoke a cigarette and looked up at the stars and saw a formation of 5 golden lights speeding across the sky West/northwest.  I stared in disbelief, then I saw two more reddish golden disks flying (one slightly behind the other) much lower and extremely fast.  I started backpedaling and tapped on the window to the room where my fiance was and before she came out I saw five more heading northwest.  By the time she came outside they were gone, but I just said, look at the stars...then bam, 3 more just flew West right then.  We witnessed a few more flying west and then I called my parents (looking at my phone I believe it was 12:07 when I called my mom and I talked to her for 11 minutes about what I was seeing)  My phone wasn't working first, but just as it finally started ringing and she answers, (she lives in Kalamazoo Michigan) two more flew over heading due west completely silent and extremely fast.  I witnessed 3 more formations as I talked to her, but I started seeing so many, I lost count of how many were in which formation.  Every formation was heading west or northwest, except one lone formation of 3 that traveled southeast.  The whole time I was seeing them, I only saw one airplane with blinking lights and one helicopter which was extremely huge and loud (it was flying very low, so I could see it was like a Huey and had only red lights)...my fiance had went into the house to file a report and I stayed outside and kept seeing these things.  At about 12:30am she came out and we called a number to report what we had seen, and two flew over very low and fast heading northwest.  I talked to someone on the phone for 4 minutes, and the helicopter flew over during the call. then we tried to call the airport, but only got automated answers.  I also was shocked when I witnessed a small flash and shower of sparks in the sky to the north.  It looked as though something may have exploded.  These things were a goldish somewhat red color and traveled in formations of 2, 3, or 5.  I lost count, but I saw at least 2 dozen.  They were silent, extremely swift, and mostly stayed in very tight rigid formations, that were shaped like triangles, or an upside down check mark.  Two or 3 of the formations were loose on one side, with the things weaving back and forth, while the other side of the formation stayed in a tight line.  The lights DID NOT blink ever.  The ones that were flying lower looked as though they had a ring of light golden light around them.  They moved easily 10X faster than the airplane I saw to the north (which had blinking lights that were greenish)  There wasn't a cloud in the sky, and I saw no moon.  If I had to guess, I'd saw they were heading towards Muskegeon and Lake Michigan.  I have NEVER seen anything like what I saw tonight.  I have seen meteor showers, shooting stars, satellites, airplanes, helicopters, planets, and the MOON of course.  I can't say what to use for a background, but the formations with 5 all had objects the size of stars and were flying much higher I believe.  The lower flying formations which only had 2 or 3 objects were much larger than stars.  Probably 4x the size of a star.  These larger objects were moving incredibly fast.  Even the smaller objects moved easily 10 times faster than the airplane to the north. We do not have any camera to take pictures.  And these things were so fast and some of them were so high, I highly doubt anyone could capture them on film.  It would just be a blurry mess I think.  I hope someone has at least tried to capture them though.  It was unlike anything I've ever witnessed in my life.  When I witnessed the shower of sparks, I did not see any objects around it and it was to the north.  It was around 12:30 when I saw it and my fiance just missed seeing it too as she was dialing a number for me and our house blocked her view.  This is all I have to say.  I would suggest following up in Muskegeon and around Lake Michigan and the Gerald Ford airport here in Grand Rapids....  I hope someone else saw this besides us.  It was so unique.;42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
circular discs in a formation speeded through the sky. 3 discs first, then 5, then 3 again, extremely fast.;2009-03-17 00:05:00;approx 30 minutes;circular discs in a formation speeded through the sky. 3 discs first, then 5, then 3 again, extremely fast. At approx 12:00ish am, I was sitting on my computer listening to opera. My fiance was getting ready to go to the the store when I heard him say holy sh*t and then he pounded on my window and I ran outside, immediately seeing discs in formation with a reddish goldish soft glow over head heading west . Their were 3 at first in formation, then 5 in formation, then I saw 3 again, then I saw 3 more in formation approx 12:35(I went outside again during typing this). They moved extremely fast. I said we need to report this to someone and I looked  online for you guys. The discs were about the quarter of the size of the moon approx. They moved so fast, you had to keep your eyes on them and it seemed like they were only their for a matter of seconds.  They sped up after a few seconds whizzing through the sky.  During the writing of this email (as mentioned above), I went back outside again and talked to my fiance. At that moment again, I saw 3 more heading north.  I called my friend to see if she had a camera to go outside. She did not. My fiance saw alot more than me as he has been outside for over 45 minutes now. He will be making his report after my email.;42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
UFO flying around, and then stopping in mid-air- bright flashing lights.;2014-07-23 01:30:00;10-15 minutes;UFO flying around, and then stopping in mid-air- bright flashing lights. The sighting happened on 7/22/2014, ((sic.  07/23/2014)) at around 1:30 am.  I walked out a bar and to a car. When I sat in the car, I noticed something was gliding in the air.  I assumed it was a plane, so I didn't stare at it too long.   About 5 or 10 minutes went by, and then I saw my friends coming out from the bar and in front of the car I was in.  I looked up, and the craft was still up in the air, just sitting there.  It wasn't moving at all, and at that moment I realized what its shape was and how close it was.  No noises came from it, even though it was fairly large.   I got out of the car, and walked to where my friends were.  I still didn't hear anything.  It was flashing these bright lights, mostly red.  It was in a big long strip around the hemisphere of the craft, and it seemed like it was a lot of smaller lights making it look like a red strip. Inside the red strip were little bright red dots, so I assume that means those were individual lights.  Sometimes it flashed green on one side, and sometimes blue on the other side.  The red was almost always on.  I think i might have seen another color, but all I can remember is red, green, and blue.  The craft flashed the lights in weird patterns, sometimes it was just still, sometimes the lights flashed.  It was dark out, so they were very bright and intense.  It was hard to see what color the craft was, because of the light, but I think it was metallic.  I know for sure it was shaped like a UFO.  It was a flying saucer, more round than flat.  We were quite close to this craft too, close enough to get a good look at it.   My friends and I watched this craft move and glide around in the air, taking sharp turns in weird directions.  It would stop, then lower itself straight down in a perfect fast motion, then stop.  Then it would rise up, perfectly straight, and stop mid-air.  It went even higher and higher, in the same vertical way, and then it stopped and lowered itself again. Then it would start flying around back and forth, like it was watching something.  It did this for q! uite a w hile, moving around then going up and down fast then slow. I felt like I could see something around it, but I'm not sure what that was.  I might have been seeing something as a result of those lights, but it seemed like the craft was inside of something else.   When the craft left, it just lowered itself down below the treeline, and never came back up.   I waited in the car for about 25 minutes, but it did not come back.;42.9561763702802;-85.6434235079174
