MY WIFE AND I WERE DRIVING SOUTH ON I405 WHEN I SAW WHAT LOOKED LIKE A LARGE AIRCRAFT ON FIRE DESCENDING INTO THE SEATTLE AIR SPACE. IT;1973-12-12 21:00:00;3 min;MY WIFE AND I WERE DRIVING SOUTH ON I405 WHEN I SAW WHAT LOOKED LIKE A LARGE AIRCRAFT ON FIRE DESCENDING INTO THE SEATTLE AIR SPACE. IT'S WINGS WERE ON FIRE. WE STOPED THE CAR AND WATCHED WHAT AFTER A CLOSER LOOK WAS A BLACK WING. THE CLOUD COVER WAS AT 10000 FT THAT EVENING. IT WAS JUST UNDER THE CLOUDS. THE FLAMES WERE REENTRY HEAT FLAMES. WING SPAN WAS ABOUT 600 FT. WITH A DEPTH OF ABOUT 100 FT. WE BOTH THOUGHT IT WOULD CRASH. IT JUST KEPT IT'S HIGHT AND VANISHED WEST OVER THE OLYMPIC MT'S. I WAS EXCITED THAT WE HAD SEEN A UFO AND BEING NEW YEARS I WAS SURE OTHERS HAD SEEN THE THE SAME THING. WE TURNED ON THE RAIDO AND SURE, OTHERS HAD SEEN THE SAME THING. I FACT THE RAIDO STATION SAID THEY HAD OVER 600 CALLS. THE RAIDO STATION CALLED THE AIR FORCE BASE THAT THE WING WOULD HAVE PASED OVER AND THEY SAID THAT IT WAS NOTHING MORE THAN SKY ROCKETS OVER LAKE UNION!! IT TRAVLED SO SLOW AND THE SITING WAS SO CLEAR THE COVER UP SO WEAK. WE CAN'T TRUST ARE OWN PEOPLE. THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  We will attempt to secure the news articles, which may have been published about this incident.  PD));47.6986531818182;-122.192672727273
I saw a wedged shaped craft with very bright lights, approx. 150 feet above the street near my home on December 3,1998 at 11:30 pm.;1998-12-03 23:30:00;1minute +;I saw a wedged shaped craft with very bright lights, approx. 150 feet above the street near my home on December 3,1998 at 11:30 pm. On Thursday night, December 3, 1998, I was driving alone toward my home.  At approximately 11:30 pm, I turned right onto my street, heading south toward my house.  Just after going through the stop sign at the next intersection. I saw three large, bright, round headlights very low in the sky ahead of me.  Two were very bright, white.  The third, in between the white ones and slightly lower, was bright red.  All three were at least three times the size of a standard car headlight.  Two smaller white lights were to the rear.  In spite of the glowing brightness of the lights, the street was not brightly illuminated, considering that the lights appeared to be  just above the tree tops.  From my vantage point, they were behind and slightly to the left of the next intersection. I slowed down, turned off the radio and stopped the car, for the briefest moment, in order to have a better look at what was happening since I was heading in their direction.  Instantly,I realized that the lights weren't moving, there was no engine noise, the pattern of lights was not like an airplane and there were no blinking lights such as an airplane would have,  plus it was much too close to the ground-maybe 150 feet or so up.  This was something different. Since I had stopped just short of the driveway of the house before mine, my next thought was to hit the Genie button and head for my garage.  As I accelerated and drove toward my driveway, in the direction of the lights, I saw that the lights were moving toward me very slowly and noiselessly, staying at the same height and now parallel to the road.  At this point I was very anxious to get into the garage.  As I turned left into my driveway, I saw that the garage door had not opened so I pressed the Genie button again and paused at the bottom of the drive in order to make sure that the door was opening. (My driveway is gravel, on an uphill slope. I can't stop halfway up because the wheels spin in the gravel and the car can't safely make it inside without swerving.)  I looked up to the right and saw that the lights were slowly approaching where I was stopped.  They were so close that I could see the under-belly of a triangular, wedge-shaped craft, somewhat like a Stealth Bomber.  It was a clear, windless night and the shape was a black sillouette against the night sky, but there was no noise.  At that point, the craft was at the far corner of my front yard, up above (approx.150 ft +-) the telephone pole which is about 80 ft from my driveway. I stepped on the accelerator and drove into the garage with just enough clearance to get under the door, which was still rising.  Immediately,  I hit the Genie button and remained rivited to my seat until the door closed. It was then I realized that the engine was still running.  Next, I shut off the engine, ran into the house, shut off the alarm, waited a moment so I could reset it and immediately ran to the nearest window.  The craft was gone.  For the next few minutes I ran around the darkened house looking through various windows but the only other thing I saw was a shooting light over Lake Washington at about Laurelhurst. I called the friend I had just dropped off before heading home.  And then by 11:49, I had called you to report what I had seen. For the record: There were no other cars driving on the street.  There is no through access from my street so there is very little traffic.  I have never seen a UFO before.  My friend and I were coming home from the Symphony, after which we had stopped at Barnes & Noble and Starbucks to get  lattes.;47.6986531818182;-122.192672727273
On Thursday night, December 3, 1998, I was driving alone toward my home.  At approximately 11:30 pm, I turned right onto Slater Street,;1998-12-03 23:30:00;1minute +;On Thursday night, December 3, 1998, I was driving alone toward my home.  At approximately 11:30 pm, I turned right onto Slater Street, South, from Ohde Ave., heading south toward my house.  Just after going through the stop sign at the intersection of Kirkland Ave. and Slater St. S., I saw three large, bright, round headlights very low in the sky ahead of me.  Two were very bright, white.  The third, in between the white ones and slightly lower, was bright red.  All three were at least three times the size of a standard car headlight.  Two smaller white lights were to the rear.  In spite of the glowing brightness of the lights, the street was not brightly illuminated, considering that the lights appeared to be  just above the tree tops.  From my vantage point, they were behind and slightly to the left of the next intersection. I slowed down, turned off the radio and stopped the car, for the briefest moment, in order to have a better look at what was happening since I was heading in their direction.  Instantly,I realized that the lights weren't moving, there was no engine noise, the pattern of lights was not like an airplane and there were no blinking lights such as an airplane would have,  plus it was much too close to the ground-maybe 150 feet or so up.  This was something different. Since I had stopped just short of the driveway of the house before mine, my next thought was to hit the Genie button and head for my garage.  As I accelerated and drove toward my driveway, in the direction of the lights, I saw that the lights were moving toward me very slowly and noiselessly, staying at the same height and now parallel to the road.  At this point I was very anxious to get into the garage.  As I turned left into my driveway, I saw that the garage door had not opened so I pressed the Genie button again and paused at the bottom of the drive in order to make sure that the door was opening. (My driveway is gravel, on an uphill slope. I can't stop halfway up because the wheels spin in the gravel and the car can't safely make it inside without swerving.)  I looked up to the right and saw that the lights were slowly approaching where I was stopped.  They were so close that I could see the under-belly of a triangular, wedge-shaped craft, somewhat like a Stealth Bomber.  It was a clear, windless night and the shape was a black sillouette against the night sky, but there was no noise.  At that point, the craft was at the far corner of my front yard, up above (approx.150 ft +-) the telephone pole which is about 80 ft from my driveway. I stepped on the accelerator and drove into the garage with just enough clearance to get under the door, which was still rising.  Immediately,  I hit the Genie button and remained rivited to my seat until the door closed. It was then I realized that the engine was still running.  Next, I shut off the engine, ran into the house, shut off the alarm, waited a moment so I could reset it and immediately ran to the nearest window.  The craft was gone.  For the next few minutes I ran around the darkened house looking through various windows but the only other thing I saw was a shooting light over Lake Washington at about Laurelhurst. I called the friend I had just dropped off before heading home.  And then by 11:49, I had called you to report what I had seen;47.6986531818182;-122.192672727273
Black Triangle;2005-05-13 00:18:00;15-20 seconds;As a former airline employee I was trained to identify incoming aircraft speed to notify personel to help marshall and tug aircraft to deplane passengers. I am also an amateur photographer.  12:19AM May 13, 2005  Location: ((address deleted)) Avenue by 124th Avenue, Kirkland, WA 98034 Weather: light stratus towards the west clear towards the east Light Pollution: moderate due to ambient light and humidity seemed high as stars were not well visible. 45 degrees up from terra facing due east est altitude 200-350 feet from ground travelling 70-110 knots banking towards the right levelling off towards NE becoming undetectable as it became level, perfect stealth.   Object: perfect black black triangle/ 7 lights on two angles of triangle, one on tip three following each leading edge,none on back end of triangle. The color of the lights was a very light salmon/orange yellow. Lights glowed with barely detectible movement similar to air heating phenomena on heated roadways, but in this case the area was confined to the lights themselves  Easy to track as it was banking to it's forward right edge. I had a clear view of the bottom of craft as it was banking but when it levelled out it was GONE/perfectly stealthy.    Personal notation: I was going out to drop some recycling material and heard or sensed something very subtle.  I looked up towards the east and saw clearly a perfect black triangle which was travelling 45 degrees up from my view facing due east.  I was dumbstruck as the craft made barely any noise, and seemed to be defying the laws of gravity and aviation as it was banking North east from my with no audible noise. I strained to hear anything and could not, but sensed great power or energy.  I was amazed at the razor sharp edges of the triangle and was struck by the clarity of the salmon colored lights that ran up one side of the triangle leading edge and up the other side but not on the part of the triangle which was on the back. I saw that the craft was leveling off and as soon as it did it completely disappeared.  My feeling was one of amazement, also a very ominous feeling which turned into excitement and fear. ((NUFORC Note:  We have corresponded with, and spoken with via telephone, the witness, and he appears to us to be quite serious-minded and credible.  PD)) ((CORRESPONDENCE WITH WITNESS)) Dear ((name deleted)),  Thank you very much for the excellent report, and for the telephone call!  I am just leaving for Oregon, but will contact you when I return on Sunday or Monday.  We will post your report when I return.  Thanks, again, for the information!  Cordially,   Peter Davenport ((RESPONSE FROM WITNESS)) Hello, I look forward to talking with you tomorrow or Monday.  I have been thinking a lot about the information that I sent and I am starting to think that maybe I should be WAY less specific.  I have thought a lot about this and would like to discuss it with you.  I don't want anybody to be in harms way from this disclosure, the pilots, the people on the ground, or myself. So for now, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE hold off on putting anything on your  website until we meet or talk. Thank you, ((name deleted)) in Kirkland ((RESPONSE)) Dear Peter, I have had some time to fine tune my initial web submission.  I noticed too many spelling errors, and overall I can say I was pretty excited as I was typing.  So I made corrections and inserted details that I left out and have included them. I also included my impressions. I also did a better photoshop picture of the craft and the location.  The picture I am sending was taken in the predawn so the viewers could see the craft like I did. Please let me know if this is ok! Regards,  ((name deleted)) ((END CORRESPONDENCE));47.6986531818182;-122.192672727273
Triangle shaped object with 3 circular lights and beams coming down spotted over Seattle, WA;2011-12-01 01:30:00;30 minutes;Triangle shaped object with 3 circular lights and beams coming down spotted over Seattle, WA Around 1:30 am on December 1, 2011, my husband and I went outside.  I noticed a very bright light in the sky and studied it to see if it was a star or aircraft.   My husband brought out binoculars and we noticed that it was a triangle shaped object with 3 round lights that was changing in rotation.  There were 4-5 beams that came down from the object, and the beams changed with rotation.  Several times the object would appear to have a red or blueish green glow around it.  The object was hovering for the most part, but would make rapid movement and zip to the side.  Then hover for a few seconds in that spot, before zipping back to the other side.  It would also appear to lower down in elevation then rise back to higher elevation, mostly in a zig-zag pattern.  The object was directly to the west, which would place it either above the city of Seattle or out over the Puget Sound.  There was absolutely no sound associated with this object. I have never been a true believer ! or non-believer in UFO's.  My husband always thought the video footage of them on TV were hoaxes.  However, this morning he is stunned and now believes.  I've never seen anything like this before, but it was extremely fascinating.  I'm now a true believer!;47.6986531818182;-122.192672727273
