Disk shape on Ground and viewed at length with Scope from a Deer rifle.;2000-10-15 19:00:00;15 minutes;Disk shape on Ground and viewed at length with Scope from a Deer rifle. I have practiced Civil Engineering for at least 14 years and my Father in law has been a general Contractor for 35 years and the third witness whereabouts is unknown.  Vehicle or craft was on the ground at about 1 mile away.  It was disk shaped and on the ground.  It had lights on top and a doorway that was opened to the ground.  Various windows and movement on the surrounding shrubbery and grass.  Said craft was landed on an inaccessible portion of a mountainside and viewed at length thru a high power scope for a deer rifle.  Elevation of sighting is about 5500-6500 feet in elevation. Several other local sightings of this type have been accounted for from local residents near the Child's power plant.  Strawberry is approximately 70 miles West of Heber, place that Fire in the Sky was based upon.  This Canyon is said to routinely have low flying craft of unknown origin causing motor stops, watch stops and burn marks on ground.;34.3435;-111.5353
Landed Object viewed with High Power Scope at Length;2003-11-15 18:00:00;45 min;Landed Object viewed with High Power Scope at Length At approximateley 6 in the evening, my Father in Law, my then Brother in Law and myself were returning from hunting in the Fossil Creek Canyon located Westerly about 3 miles from the Township of Strawberry Arizona. Said Canyon has an elevation differential of about 5500 feet with steep grades and sheer vertical cliffs.  Thru Fossil Creek Canyon exists the Child Electrical Power generating camp consisting of maybe 10 structures.  On the return trip to Strawberry, we passed said power station and ascended upon dirt roads that winded on the southerly edge of the Canyon. I would estimate that about half way up this Canyon we noticed that on the northerly edge of the Canyon that an oscillating light that changed colors emanated from a portion of the Canyon that is unaccessible to vehicles. The light was visible to the naked eye, but nothing more.  We stopped the vehicle and I would estimate that at a 1-2 mile range I scoped the light with high power scope on my rifle and was able to see much more detail.  When viewing this light with my scope I was able to make out a disk shaped saucer with windows and a door with steps.  Said object had two legs that emanated from either side of the object.  A portion of the object was obstructed by shrubs. These shrubs moved, although there was no wind from the position in which I observer said object. From our position and vantage point we were able to at lenghty time and measure observe the object.  Strawberry, Arizona is located about 19 miles north of Payson and about 60 miles west of Heber, Overgaard. The commonality between these three location is the Mogollon Rim, Fossil Creek Canyon is at the root of the rim that has elevation of about 9000 feet in places. The other interesting items that surround this area is the fact that the famous movie Fire in the Sky was based upon an incident about 45 miles West of this sighting.  I had at the time told some people in the Town of Payson about this occurence and was surprised by some of the responses I received.  Once response was that of one of the Electrical workers at the Child Plant that confided in my Father in law that this was a regular occurence and that has had his vehicle and watch stop due to craft flying overhead in this same Canyon.  Another response that surprised me was that of a Town of Payson employee that also confided in me that in his youth he worked on a Logging crew and coincidently happened to work that night of the dissapearence of person in the Fire in the Sky movie.  He told me that that night the Forest had a green aura and a hum that filled the air.  He also stated that he had heard other stories similar to mine from that area where I had seen this object. My backround is that of a Civil Engineer and Surveyor with approximately 14 years of experience. I served 6 years with the United States Air Force as a Civil Engineering Specialist and have been deyployed worldwide in said capacity.  I currently work as a Survey analyst and Geomatician at a private Civil Engineering Company.  My Father in Law has been a successful Construction Contractor for at least the last 30 years and is still building. I have no clue to the whereabouts of my then brother in law and his backround was in maintenance. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  We will invite the witness to contact the others who, apparently, have had sightings, too, and encourage them to submit written report of their alleged experiences.  PD));34.3435;-111.5353
