Multi colored objects seen regularly by many witnesses.  ((NUFORC Note:  Sightings of twinkling stars?  PD));2011-02-15 01:00:00;all night;Multi colored objects seen regularly by many witnesses My family, neighbors, and i have been seeing UFO's hover around our neighborhood every night for over two months now. On nights when the sky is clear we see them every night.  I have taken many video's and several people in the area are seeing them on a regular basis as well. My family had our first sighting two years ago and we noticed one or two of the objects very far up in the sky from time to time since.  The past two months they are coming on a regular basis.  They show up as soon as it is dark and remain until dawn when we actually watch them glide across the sky and leave. We have seen all shapes ans sizes.  There are round balls of different colors.  Some have red, white, green and blue lights while some are one solid color such as orange or white.  There are also triangle shaped objects that have three lights on the bottom and looking up at them from below the lights look like they form a happy face. There are red and white ones that fly above the tree tops and they flash like strobe lights.  These ones also stop in one spot for quite some time and sometimes turn their lights off.  We have also seen one of these objects eject a smaller object out of it as it glided across the sky.  The smaller object went down into the trees. The other night there was a large red light flashing in the trees behind our house. It looked like it was low enough that it might be landed. Many times when the lighted balls were above the tree tops there were many tiny little white lights in the trees below.  The little white lights were still and remained there for hours. It looked like someone had thrown little white christmas lights in the trees. I did contact some investigators and they are visiting my home on and off to keep up on what is happening here. I welcome anyone to come here and see these objects.  This is not a hoax.  I am not very comfortable at all having these things surrounding my home each night. I want them to leave.  I know they are there but i also want to make one point. I am not a bible thumper by no means but i do believe in God.  It does say in the bible that God will allow evil to do as it pleases in the world to try and trick us.  God wants to see who will turn their belief from him to something else and who will remain faithful to him.  I believe these objects are the works of evil and trying to trick us. Just think about how many people believe aliens created us now because of the frequent sightings. I am not asking you to take my word for it.  I am simply asking you to check into what i am saying.  Please don't put all of your faith and belief in these objects.  I know you are seeing them too or you would not be here reading my report right now.  If you do believe in God please don't doubt he is there because you are seeing these things. ((NUFORC Note:  Sightings of twinkling stars?  PD));42.6445090909091;-80.4617363636364
