PERFECT Triangle shaped craft. 3 lights on bottom (round) with dull glow on entire underside. The craft was observed over Lake Wylie;2005-05-28 23:15:00;5-10 minutes (cannot reme;PERFECT Triangle shaped craft. 3 lights on bottom (round) with dull glow on entire underside. The craft was observed over Lake Wylie Myself and wife were driving home from an evening out with our 3 kids. We were driving down Southpoint Rd (parallel to Lake Wylie). Around 2315hrs, my wife observed an object flying in a strange manner and in a flight path that is not ever used. Southpoint Road leads to the Duke Power Allen steam plant and the main portion(s) of Lake Wylie. CLT International Airport is very close by but we were nowhere close to the flight path or paths that the airplanes ascend and descend.  When my wife observed this, she literally  snatched my arm and pointed the object to me (she was driving). When I viewed the object, I was in total awe. The object was a half mile from us and was flying over the lake. I figure that the object was 1000 feet (probably less) from the ground. The object from flying west as we were heading east. We slowed down and were moving at a snails pace on the road to observe this phenomena. The object stopped, appeared to hover and then performed a swift 90 degree turn and was heading in our direction (towards the steam plant). We kept driving (slowly) and then noticed the object had changed course (back to the west). We then turned our vehicle around and went back to the original spot of where we viewed the object. When we arrived, the object was back in it's original position. We pulled into the high school parking lot and sat there viewing the object. Then the craft took a southerly course and flew over Gaither Road (towards the other side of Lake Wylie). The craft had NO SOUND and a dull yellow glow on the bottom. The three lights were dull also but a tad brighter. When the craft pulled away, it kept at a very slow pace and was very close to us. Unfortunately, there were a lot of trees/angle to where we could not track it after that. I am a 4 year veteran honorably discharged from the U.S. Navy. I was an Operations Specialist (Radar operations). I am now a Project Manager with a Mechanical Engineering firm. I have been employed with this firm for 8 years. My wife is a homemaker (stay at home mom). We are both active in our community. The other witnesses were our kids (seven, five and two). The two older children observed this craft and were visibly/emotionally disturbed by it (probably from me and my wife's excitement). I will gladly submit to a polygraph test. This was truly amazing!!;35.2415000000001;-81.0447999999997
Silent, hovering black triangle with red lights that went on and off.;2014-04-10 22:00:00;5 minutes;Silent, hovering black triangle with red lights that went on and off. It was dark, and I was riding past a church in Belmont, NC.  I saw three red lights to my left hovering above the ground in a triangle pattern.   I stopped my car, rolled down my window and attempted to take a photograph, but it was too dark outside.  The red lights were initially on, then went off in a pattern - circular and clockwise around the triangle, then came back on in opposite fashion before going off completely.   There was no jet or helicopter blade noise, just silence. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.2415000000001;-81.0447999999997
