Bright falling object with a blue trail.;2008-11-26 20:55:00;5 senconds;Bright falling object with a blue trail. Hi, I am a 15 year old sophomore in high school.  We had the day off from school since thanksgiving is tomorrow.  I woke up at eight for wrestling practice, came home ate and pretty much laid on the couch the rest of the day.  I took a nap around five and woke up around seven thirty.  I was sitting on my couch watching the movie X-Men Three. The way the room is set up is that you walk in and there is a couch on your right, and a chair to the left.  The television is in the far corner of the room against the wall. So directly in front of the couch is this big window. I don’t know why but I looked out the window and at that moment there was this bright object.  It was circular I think. It was bright yellow kind of golden. It left this beautiful blue trail. The object was going down diagonally like it was crashing but it went behind the trees so I couldn’t see it land. I don’t know how far it was away but it fell to the east of my house pretty close I’d say within 25 miles. It was at 8:55 PM. I know this because I looked at my cell phone right away. I’ve never seen anything like these before. It could have been a meteor or UFO. I don’t know what it was but I’m positive it was there.;45.4682;-93.2266
Saw a fireball up close with my wife and 4 year old son.;2013-08-22 20:50:00;6 minutes;Saw a fireball up close with my wife and 4 year old son. On August 22rd, 2013 I was in my basement when my four year old son came down to inform me there was a star outside. I thought it odd, and went upstairs to check it out. When I came upstairs, my wife was at the window telling me to look outside and that there might be a ufo outside. I grabbed my Nikon p500 camera and went outside to look, and there was in fact something on the horizon, possibly 1000ft in the air, and a few thousand yards away. I turned my camera on, zoomed in with a 36x zoom, and my camera was set on auto mode and the long exposure setting kicked in.  The picture turned out horrible.  I attempted to take another photo and while I was looking at it in the viewfinder, it disappeared before my eyes. I went inside, and my family was on edge. I said some words to my family and then called some people to tell them what I saw.  I was on the phone with a friend from work when I heard my wife tell me, ... you have to come here and see this. I went outside and looked on the horizon where I saw the ufo before and couldn't see anything.  My wife told me to look to my left and I did. My heart sank, my adrenaline kicked in and I became scared.  A stones throw away, about 20ft off the ground was a floating ball of fire flying between me and the street light, following the path of the street.  I could see every single detail on this thing and it looked like this.  In the center was a perfect circle maybe the size of a half dollar coin and this circle was bright orange. Radiating from the center circle was a larger spherical aura that almost looked like the mist you see when looking directly at an atomizer spray bottle (like on a Windex bottle set to mist) except that it was fire.  Around this larger sphere were flames that went upwards, just like if you were looking at a camp fire.  The flames were fire red/orange and it moved through the air very very slowly, about 1-3mph.  The total size of it was about the size of a basketball, perhaps slightly larger.  It was 100% silent. As this thing moved the fire trailed behind it.  I prayed to Jesus Christ to protect us and this thing did a 90 degree turn, and left.  It slowly ascended, southbound, over perhaps a 2000 meter distance, climbing to maybe 500-1000ft, then it disappeared.  I tried to take photos of this object when it was up close, but I was shaking very badly.  My photos look like trash, but they are the real deal.  I still have the originals on my camera if needed.  I also took a video, and unfortunately it too is shaky, but it's there for what it's worth.  These things are real, but I'm telling you the truth: they are not what the world thinks they are. Having seen this thing up close, I can tell you they are very real, alive and subject to Jesus Christ. They appear and disappear at will, and It is likely that they are demonic and deliberately deceiving the world.  Don't fall for it. If you read this, you were warned and without excuse.  Repent, confess the Lord Jesus Christ with your mouth and believe in your heart that God raised him from the grave and you will be saved. It's true, I witnessed this thing first hand flee at the hand of the living God.;45.4682;-93.2266
