This was a bright, fast moving object that was in view for about 15 seconds before disappearing.;2010-05-08 22:25:00;about 20 seconds;This was a bright, fast moving object that was in view for about 15 seconds before disappearing. At about 2225 hours on 05/08/10, my wife and I were walking with our dogs in Isanti, MN.  Isanti is about 50 miles North from Minneapolis / St. Paul.  We were facing east.  The sky was clear and visibility was excellent.   Although there were one or two aircraft in the sky, none of them were even close to the object we sighted. The object in question was very bright and would have looked like a bright star except it was moving extremely fast as compared to the aircraft we are used to seeing.    Also, unlike any other aircraft, this one has no discernable navigation lights – no flashing lights, no red lights.  There was just the solid bright light.  We observed it for 10 or 15 seconds until it suddenly started growing dimmer and in the course of only a couple of seconds, faded out entirely. We are not claiming this to be a “UFO” in the traditional “extra-terrestrial” sense.  My first guess was maybe a large military craft with afterburners or perhaps a rocket carrying a satellite.  I tried looking on line and saw several websites showing scheduled launches on May 8th.  One was for a dummy payload from Alaska for a test run of the Minotaur IV rocket and a military launch from Germany or France.  Perhaps we saw one of those, but we were curious.  Of course, if it is not, then our report is a valid one. Thanks for your time.;45.4682;-93.2266
Extremely fast bright light, almost ball shaped with a streak of light both in front and behind it. Red light on the bottom.;2019-03-19 22:25:00;<1 second;Extremely fast bright light, almost ball shaped with a streak of light both in front and behind it.  Red light on the bottom. My wife and I had just laid down for the night.  I was watching the sky out our window when I saw a very bright white light with a red light on the bottom streak across the sky.  I would say it was almost ball shape, however it had a streak of light both in front and behind it.  It was a cloudy night, and this was below the cloud level.  I would say that this passed over about two miles Southwest of Isanti, MN, and was headed in a Northwest direction.   We have a double window and I could clearly see it pass through the first, however halfway through the second it disappeared.  I am experienced with different types of aircraft, and drones, and this was neither.  We do have the occasional aircraft fly over, and can hear them, this did not make a noise. I found this site while attempting to find other reports or sightings of this.  It was a little upsetting that my wife had already closed her eyes and could not confirm what I saw.;45.4682;-93.2266
