Ball of Light;2012-06-05 04:00:00;about 20 seconds;Ball of Light I'm 19 years old. I live and work full time with my mother at her hotel.  I'm a college student who spends her spare time with friends, my dog, or my amazing mother. My boyfriend was over the other night.  We were watching t.v. and had decided to go out on my porch to smoke a cigarette.  We sat on the step, I lit my cigarette, and looked upwards.  I saw what looked to be either a very bright white star or a planet.  The center was very bright and there was also a kind of halo of light surrounding it in the shape of a circle.  After watching for maybe one second I realized that it was moving towards my left (north).  My boyfriend had his eyes on the light as well.   He didn't have his glasses on so he couldn't see it as well as I could but he COULD tell that it was moving.  I thought it may have been a plane as I continued to watch it since I live relatively close to the Richmond Airport as well as the Hanover County Airport, but tried and failed to find the usual flashing red and blue lights or at least hear the engine. Suddenly, the object stopped moving and the circular halo of light around the object seemed to become squished into more of an oval.  It quickly decreased in sized and seemed to be moving up and diagonally away from where I sat at maybe a 130 degree angle to make a rough estimation.  It went from a substantial and easily visible orb of light to the size of a pinhole in an unreasonably rapid rate and disappeared into the sky. Like I said, my boyfriend did not have his glasses on at the moment but he could tell that the light that he'd just seen had quickly disappeared.  From my awestruck reaction he could tell that I was somewhat uneasy but all in all, I was amazed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));37.7395;-77.4784
5 lights equally spaced trailing each other.  Appearance looked like satellite crossing the sky.   ((Starlink satellites?));2020-05-04 21:38:00;30 seconds;5 lights equally spaced trailing each other.  Appearance looked like satellite crossing the sky.;37.7395;-77.4784
