5 lights form triangle near Coralville, Iowa;2002-11-01 17:00:00;10 minutes;5 lights form triangle near Coralville, Iowa While traveling west on I-80 just east of Coralville, Iowa on a beautiful clear Friday evening at dusk, around 5:00 pm, we noticed two bright lights low in the western sky. At first we thought they were airplanes but they were not moving. Then three other lights appeared with the other lights in a curvy line similar to an S lying down. Then the five lights moved around to form a huge triangle with the brightest light at the top and two at the bottom and the two other lights at the sides which turned into outward slashes similar to jet contrails with a pinkish tint. A few minutes later the brightest of the lights turned into a slash and headed to the left while the other lights disappeared. This lasted around 10 minutes. It was a very strange thing to witness while traveling down the interstate. There were hundreds of cars on the road so I'm sure others saw this along with the four of us in our car. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness, and found him to be quite serious-minded, and credible in his description of the event.  Please see possibly similar event from Williamsburg, VA, for the same date.  PD));41.6941;-91.5939
5 lights seen from I-80 near Coralville, Iowa;2002-11-01 17:00:00;15 minutes;5 lights seen from I-80 near Coralville, Iowa While traveling West on I-80 a few miles East of Coralville, Iowa, at dusk on a beautiful clear Friday evening around 5:00 pm, we noticed two bright lights low in the western sky. We first thought the lights were airplanes but they weren't moving. Then we noticed three other lights appearing. They were in a curvy pattern similar to an S lying down. Then they formed a triangle with the very brightest of the lights at the top and two at the bottom and the other two at the sides - only the two on the sides turned into angled slashes - looking like very short, pinkish contrails from a jet. Later, all of the lights seemed to disappear except for the very brightest light, which turned into the contrail looking slash and seemed to move to the left and later disappeared. It was a very strange thing to watch while traveling down the interstate. There were hundreds of cars on the road so I'm sure there were many who witnessed this besides the four of us in our car. Anybody else see this?? ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness and found him to be unusually sober-minded and credible.  He works in a field that would allow him to easily identify most aircraft.  He stated that the objects did not maneuver like conventional aircraft.  PD));41.6941;-91.5939
