Spinning cylindrical object that lit up my yard with light.;2007-09-10 02:00:00;1 minute;Spinning cylindrical object that lit up my yard with light. I'm not sure if this was you would consider alien, it may have been a satellite for all I know, but I could never find anything about satellites being seen like this.  It happened a while back so the date isn't exact, but the year and time is. I was standing on my front porch in a very rural part of North Robertsdale.  I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette and noticed out of the southwest (My porch faced west) this spinning object moved across the sky due east.  At first it looked like one of the many satellites that can be seen moving across a clear sky at night, but I noticed it was rotating like a well thrown football does (Sorry, best way I could think to describe it).  As it moved closer I could see the light wasn't just on the object, but was beaming off of it, like a hugely powerful spotlight.  As the light rotated around the craft the beam was reaching out a great distance as it rotated around the object.  As it got closer the beam was brighter, until finally as it moved over head, the beam made a sweep across my yard, again directly over me, and continued across the field behind my home and presumably along the entire direct route that the object traveled until I couldn't see it anymore. This light was very bright, and swept rather quickly, but lit up everything it went across like it was daytime.  I was frozen in terror.  I had of course heard UFO stories and never really knew what to make of the subject.  But that thought in my mind that it might be a UFO scared me like few things have.   I immediately went inside and started searching the internet for satellite sightings and if there were any that rotated and would maybe reflect the sun off it's panels.  I never did find an answer to that question and I'm hoping maybe someone here can help me come to understand what I saw.   I've only told a couple friends about it and never reported it because I always thought it was probably a satellite.  But every year or so it pops back in my head and I search for a while to see if anyone could explain it for me. So please, if anyone can help me understand what I saw or reaffirm that it actually was just a satellite, please get back to me as soon as you can.  Thank you for your time. ((NUFORC Note:  Date may be approximate.  PD));30.5606;-87.6386
