Quiet metallic metal disk.;2014-07-15 04:45:00;4 seconds;Quiet metallic metal disk. I am reporting this in 2020. However, the event happened in 2014. It was a warmer night with clear skies. I arrived at work about 4:30am. As I was outside setting up traffic signs getting ready to open up shop I looked up at the sky admiring the calm of the morning and the stars. As I was looking up a metallic metal disk with no lights briefly but steadily moved from right to left across the sky. I could make out the material and shape because the moonlight reflected off of it.  It was silent and must have been lower than an airplane because I could make out the shape, texture, and type  material from where I was standing.;40.5452;-112.2973
Happened while smoking a cigarette at 2am.i could literally sense something in the sky above my house. I stared in the area I suspected;2021-08-23 02:00:00;20 seconds;Happened while smoking a cigarette at 2am.i could literally sense something in the sky above my house. I stared in the area I suspected the craft was cloaked in. And I said I see you I know your there will you please just show me a sign so at least I know myself I'm not crazy. Because people don't believe in these things often and I messed up too many times trying to educate people on how to communicate with spirits in your home or anywhere else. Instant crazy guy reputation lol thank god I couldn't care any less what people think. I have seen 15 foot tall shadow monsters that make the oxygen itself die from how evil it is. I once helped a 10 year old child that my friend accidentaly ran over in the 80s. That child haunted him from the day he died all up until I took him back to his mom and sister 3 years ago. I even got pulled over and he possessed the police officer so I didn't do jail time. Otherwise our plan would fail. But the moment I asked for a sign ! that night to prove to myself I'm not nuts. A craft that had to be miles long uncloaked in the exact spot I knew something was cloaked in. It was just a type of bright white light I had never seen before. It was the shape of a DVD or CD if you will. Perfectly round and flat top and bottom. Impossible to see any other detail due to the white light it was made of. It tilted about on a 90 angle and shot diagonally upward in a split second and stopped instantly. It would have killed any living human being instantly at that speed and instant braking. Then It corrected itself back to hovering straight  and either shot upward into space or it teleported. That movement was way to fast to know if it flew up or just teleported.i have also witnessed a bright white cube almost in the same area that could duplicate itself multiple times while sitting still then pull them all back into 1 craft in just a quick moment. Weird digital looking futuristic movements hard to explain. And it uncl! oaked right as a shooting star was passing above it. Almost lo! oked lik e that craft did something to deflect it away from earth. But the massive circle craft was something unimaginable it was definitely not human and they could hear my direct thought and respond to my request instantly. I asked them to show themselves and they did that instant. I was petrified and amazed all at once and didn't move my body for at least 5 min straight because I was just starring blank and very confused and afraid. That picture has not left my mind for 1 sec since. It has scarred my mind for good. There is not a single min where I'm not seeing that craft in my mind and trying to grasp the whole situation. I'm not the same person anymore. I no longer have any friends or family and have isolated myself from society. I am completely ignored and alone forgotten to the world. And my mind is so fucked up that I actually prefer it now. I have seen shit that would kill you with fright itself. I have seen creatures that have never lived on earth. Ghosts you can't see but ! they can throw things at you and slam doors in your face and physically do harm to the living. And my life has been saved at least 20 times by spirits. Or I would not even be here to type this. I don't give a fuck who believes what or who thinks or says what. I was lucky enough to spend 20 years doing jobs that don't pay you in sheets of dried paper with numbers on It. I don't have a penny to my name I no longer get along with other people and have lost all interest in having friends or family. All this I typed is Disney channel compared to many other things I have encountered. I'm not trying to prove shit to anyone. All this shit has fucked my life up for good and ruined my reputation. After all that I just want my stories heard by someone who is awake. I'm not a sheep in pecking order like the rest of the world. If I died cold, poor, homeless and starving on a park bench tomorrow. I would die just as proud because I didn't waste my time collecting pieces of paper while on! earth. I spent 20 years working for the lord in ways most peo! ple coul d not even begin to do or understand. I seek a different type of currency and that's respect from my lord and creator. Everyone wasting there lives collecting currency that is useless anywhere but earth. I chose to help god because he can't be here to do it himself. He knows it fucked my life up and I only have scars overlapping scars now. And Still it has been the greatest honer of this life.;40.5452;-112.2973
