Strange orange orbs appear and disappear over Dugway Proving Grounds,Utah.;2009-08-07 23:00:00;one hour;Strange orange orbs appear and disappear over Dugway Proving Grounds,Utah. This event happened outside of the gates of Dugway Proving Grounds, Tooele County, Utah.  Three friends and I decided to take a journey to the desert near Skull Valley and Dugway, Utah.  WE DID NOT BRING CAMERAS FOR THE SAFETY OF US AND THE BASE, IT IS ILLEGAL TO PHOTOGRAPH EVEN NEAR THE BASE.  When we got there we watched a cop come from miles away with lights on and search the roadside for our car.The cop even found the exact turn off we took but we were well hidden.After a while of watching the skies we saw nothing,not even military aircraft.The driver got tired and wanted to leave so we packed it up and got to the road and drove north towards the Dell exit in Skull Valley,Utah.  While driving back I was sitting in the back right seat with my arm across the back of the seat just watching the skies behind us.  Hoping to see something I kept my eye on the sky and we passed this group of small buildings on the side of the road and I caught an orange light in the sky th! at at first I thought was a street light.not wanting to sound like a liar I waited to say anything,looking back at the buildings I realized that every single light in the entire area was a halogen blue/white light on every building and street light post.Finally I look forward and then back and I caught the orange orb in action!  It seemed to just appear out of nowhere,it looked like a light switching on and after about five to ten minutes it would shut off.  Keeping in mind the possibility of flares, I didn't want to get ahead of myself but these didn't fall to the earth or even shoot upwards,but rather levitate in place. the light didn't flicker or flash it was a constant glow of light that gave you the feeling of fear just seeing it.  The sky was dead quiet and there was no possibility of this being any type of natural aircraft.   After about a half hour of watching these lights appear and disappear they started to release additional lights/orbs in a horizontal motion,each light fired off AND would stop almost immediately and hover in pla! ce for c lose to ten minutes each.finally they stopped appearing but then a fleet of fighter jets came out of the base in attack formation and flew directly into the area of action.  They seemed to patrol the area as they circled the area about three times before flying a little further out, circling around,and disappearing back into the bases RESTRICTED AIRSPACE.Dugway Proving Grounds is one of the only if not THE only base who's airspace is restricted all the way to outer space.  What we saw on this night was NOT conventional nor military aircraft.  Please, I would really love to sit and tell this story to an expert or someone who is interested.;40.5452;-112.2973
Rotating-Steady set of lights in the sky in Western Utah near (just south of) the I-80 corridor.;2012-11-14 21:45:00;2 minutes;Rotating-Steady set of lights in the sky in Western Utah near (just south of) the I-80 corridor. On Wednesday November 14, 2012, at 21:45 Mountain Time, looking west towards the mountains just west of Tooele Army Depot (possibly as far west as North end of Dugway Proving Grounds), I observed for approximately 2 minutes, clock-wise rotation of lights in the sky.  The lights disappeared on the southern end of the object, and appeared on the northern end of the object.  With each single light, it appeared to rotate in a clockwise rotation, held steady in the sky, and did not hear any sound.  There did not appear to be any other aircraft in the surrounding area in the sky.  In reading Utah reports, the report submitted for 08/15/2012 @ 07:30 in Tooele reads exactly also like what I witnessed.  However, I observed that rotation and lights for a longer duration.  I did capture one very grainy picture via my cell phone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.5452;-112.2973
