Very bright (triangular?) object flashing red & green observed drifting after being stationary.;2003-09-24 23:00:00;1/2 hour;Very bright (triangular?) object flashing red & green observed drifting after being stationary. Witnessess: military people garding chemical plant, want to remain anonymous at this time. Were located about 10 miles South of Tooele on Hwy 36. Object: Very bright flashing red & green. Direction: approx. 5-7 miles West. Possibly over Wasatch Cache Nat'l Forest or Indian Reservation or Dugway Proving Grounds. Appeared above and behind mountain range. Size: smaller than thumb at arm length. When observed with 50x binoculars from observation tower, shape difficult to resolve due to brightness, but looks generally triangular. Entire object is lit up and flashing. Motion: stationary for 10-15 minutes, then slow drift toward North for another 10 minutes. Disappeared behind mountain top. ((NUFORC Note:  Due to the length of the sighting, we suspect that a twinkling star would have to be ruled out, before we could conclude that the witness may have been looking at a genuine UFO.  PD));40.5452;-112.2973
Bunch of super bright lights on base in long triangle was gliding, with a humming sound.  After 2-3 blocks, it disappeared!;2016-07-27 22:50:00;5-10 minutes;Bunch of super bright lights on base in long triangle was gliding, with a humming sound.  After 2-3 blocks, it disappeared! I was standing on front porch, which faces south.  There is a baseball park across street.  The location is on south east end of town.  I noticed a super bright light through the leaves of the trees that line across the street.  It was coming from south heading North.  I could not hear any planes, so it caught my curiosity.   As I was trying to see what the bright light was, it came from behind trees, now heading east.  The lights were so bright, I thought at first it was bunch of stars.  It was not real high up and was huge, I could tell the frame was triangular-sort of like an arrow head.  The only sound was a hum.  It was gliding, not moving fast.  It was really low so i could see it really well.  The brightness of the lights made it hard to see what it was.  I watched it continue east for two blocks, approximately.  It did not go up higher-nothing landed, nor was there any debris in area.  This was flying so low, it would not have made it over the Oquirrh Mountains.   When it got 2 or 3 blocks away..it disappeared!   I had good view from the distance I was. From beginning, to the disappearance, was about 10 minutes.  There was no way this could have been seen from Salt Lake. As it came over the baseball field... it seemed to be the size of the field or larger.  I don't think this was re-entry junk, that was seen in Salt Lake same evening.  Was flying way low.  Wasn't even as high as helicoptors or small planes fly.   It did not fall, nor change path, nor go higher.  Just disappeared!;40.5452;-112.2973
My boss and I seen some lights going to Wendover for work he noticed first and swerved cause it was right next to us he drives fast...;2019-10-10 19:30:00;Seconds;My boss and I seen some lights going to Wendover for work he noticed first and swerved cause it was right next to us he drives fast... I blew it off as an antenna but now I think more about it that’s not what it was I make that drive every weekend and I have not seen it again... I’m really freaked out about this and I know there’s a military base out there but my hands shake when I think about it please get back to me, I don’t want to just sweep this under the rug we definitely saw something;40.5452;-112.2973
