Orange lights near the Tooele Army Depot.;1995-07-24 21:00:00;20 minutes;Orange lights near the Tooele Army Depot. I was jogging around a few blocks. I was heading towaard the Army Depot on my way back home. I saw what I thought at the time to be orange Christmas lights. I thought it was odd since it was still July. I continued home still looking at the lights and noticed they were quite a ways away, above the Army Depot. I got home and immediately grabbed my binoculars and told my mom what I saw. While we were looking at it my grandfather came out to have a cigarette. It was above the mountains all the way across the valley, approx. 16 miles away due west, from my house. We/I could not see it's shape. It just had approx. 12 orange lights in a south to north manner. It looked about 3 inches in the sky and it being 16 miles away means it was huge. When we first started watching it, it was stationary.  Then it started moving north. It's northern most light would dissapear and another light would appear at it's southern end, meaning it was rotating while moving. It moved about 6 inches in the sky then stopped, but it continued rotating. It stayed there about 2 mins and then started rotating and moving the other way, south. It continued about 3 inches in the sky then started to decend, this is how we knew it was above the mountains and it was also testimony to it's size. It continued to decend behind the mountains until we could no longer see it.;40.5452;-112.2973
I am reporting this information as secondhand only, but it sounded intriguing and was corroborated by two additional parties so I thoug;2000-07-14 22:30:00;unknown;I am reporting this information as secondhand only, but it sounded intriguing and was corroborated by two additional parties so I thought you might be interested.  A married couple in their 50's who are neighbors of mine were sitting on their front porch on Friday 7/14 and reported a strange phenomenon at a distance of about two city blocks, looking west toward the Tooele Army Depot.  Please keep in mind that these people are not very articulate and described what they saw in very simple terms (their description in quotes).  A beam of light, possibly six to eight ft. in width, suddenly descended to the ground from an unknown source.  They indicated no source but described the light as similar to that of a police helicopter shining its spotlight.  There was no sound.  The light stayed trained on the same spot for perhaps less than a minute and then seemed to disintegrate in an upward direction during which there were sparkles (similar to something from Star Trek), followed by smoke.  The phenonenon then disappeared.  The couple shared their experience with several people and two other parties: a teenage girl, her parents and brother approximately a half mile from this location and another married couple doing some late night fishing near Utah Lake, about an hour and a half south of Tooele, reported startlingly similar phenomenon.  The neighbors also reported hearing a similar experience from a woman in Modesto CA on talk radio a few days later. This was the day/night of the government's unsuccessful test of the space-based defense system, which I believe took place in California.  There may or most likely may not be a correlation. The area in question borders a new housing subdivision, is dark except for a few street lights newly installed in the subdivision, and is bordered to the west by the Tooele Army Depot where chemical/biological munitions are stored in dozens of concrete bunkers.  This wide valley is not illuminated and the mountain range in the distance is approximately 20 miles away.;40.5452;-112.2973
