the object looked like a star and appeared to get brighter at times as it moved up and down across the nights sky;2004-12-28 04:00:00;@ 1 HOUR;the object looked like a star and appeared to get brighter at times as it moved up and down across the nights sky At first I thought it was a star, that's what it looked like.  Then, I noticed it move.  There was an irregular pattern to its movement, sort of up and down in a zig-zag motion at times and at the same time, for the hour to hour and twenty minutes I watched it, continually moving from left to right across the sky.  My best guess is that this was somewhere over Constant Friendship or Bel Air.  I was thoroughly intrigued by this light,  I knew it was not an airplane or helicopter.  I live in Havre de Grace and everyone in Harford County is familiar with Aberdeen Proving Ground, and we are even more familiar with their aircraft and flight plans.  Also in the time I observed this I counted about 4-5 planes go by in that direction.   I could assume these were planes passing because they all had the flashing red or red and green lights, as well as, they seemed to maintain a constant rate of speed.  Whereas, this object I saw moved at a snails pace or just seemed to stop right where it was at times.  Unfortunately, I have a small forest out back and this object fell out of my sight through these trees.  I would have liked to have seen it dart off at some amazing rate of speed, that would have confirmed it for me, and likened my story to those I have seen on television.  However, all I have is a dancing star moving very slowly across the night's horizon.;39.5493;-76.123
Strange green blinking light that hoverd over our yard for 2 minutes, then disappeared.;2015-01-01 12:07:00;2 minutes;Strange green blinking light that hoverd over our yard for 2 minutes, then disappeared. We looked out the window to see fireworks and way above the fireworks towards the right we saw a blinky green light hovering over our yard.  It stayed in that spot for two minutes hovering over our yard then disappeared.  We have a video and there was two witness.  My fiancée and me.;39.5493;-76.123
