frozen in time;1980-12-27 11:00:00;unknown;frozen in time   It was during x-mas vacation,from school.My older brother & I were walking next door to let my aunts dog out.Before we reached the house,we both we're frozen in our tracks.Three lights greenish blue,blue white, & red,was flying across the night sky.We live in the flight path of BWI air port,planes taking off,& landing is normal. This plane/ufo never made a sound. it was flying north to south.while we were frozen it was like, the aircraft reliazed we were watching it. it stopped in mid-flight ,paused,& then shot strait up, then strait down,then went left,then right. the aircraft did this four times in about 2 or 3 seconds. the distances it covered during the up down side to side would have to be around a half mile in all 4 directions.Then the air craft shot across the night sky. the aircraft went from right in fron of us,to  out of sight into the stars in about a half second.we ran back to our house,told our parents.Who did not believe us... odd thing after that night my brother & i never talked about what happened that night.As for how long we were frozen in place ? I DO NOT KNOW we did not move or talk until it was gone.  Some poeple say i was obducted.IS THIS POSSIBLE ? I do not have a clue,I was frozen & could not move. Since then my brother has passed on,ca not talk to him about it.One thing is sure ,our military has no air craft that can fly the way this aircraft did,or shoot off into space as fast as this thing did! (NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));39.1541;-76.7170000000001
Bright white light moving west to east over central Maryland;2006-10-20 19:07:00;3 to 4 minutes;Bright white light moving west to east over central Maryland At approximately 19:05, 20 October 2006, from my backyard I observed a very bright light in the western sky.  I watched it sporadically for about a minute when I realized that it was moving slowly west to east and did not display any of the normal commercial aircraft warning lights.  As we live very close to Baltimore-Washington International Airport we are very familiar with the characteristics of normal commercial aircraft, both during the day and at night.  At that time the light was about two times as bright as Sirus is at it's brightest.  I grabbed a pair of 10X binoculars and watched it for about two minutes.  It passed almost directly over my house.  During that time the brightness intensified to about three or four times that of Sirus.  I could see none of the normal aircraft warning lights there were no wing-tip red/green lights and no strobe lights.  The light displayed by the craft was entirely too bright to be the normal aircraft landing lights we are used to seeing at night.  I ran inside, called my wife to follow me, and went out the front door.  We both watched it for another minute or two before it went out of sight behind some trees.  It passed less than a mile south of BWI Airport at about 19:11. The brightness of the light intensified as it approached my house and lessened as it moved away.  However, the light was a constant white color, very comparable to the color of Sirus, but without the splashes of color that I often see in Sirus.  The intensity of the light was the only variable I noticed. As close as I can estimate, the light approached from a bearing of about 250 degrees (true) and departed on a bearing of about 70 degrees (true).  I would further estimate that the light would have passed almost directly over the intersection of routes 100 and 170 at about 19:10.  I could not discern any craft or shape against the sky.  The weather was clear and visiblity was excellent.  The stars were easily seen there was no moon.  Although I do not kow what it might have been, it was not a star or a commercial aircraft, and it was much, much brighter than any satellite I've seen before. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));39.1541;-76.7170000000001
