It followed me for about 10 minutes.;2000-04-23 23:00:00;10 min.;It followed me for about 10 minutes. I was stopped getting ready to make a turn when i saw one bright light coming towards me.At first i thought it was a plane because we live by the air port.Then two lights came on then went out.While i was stopped it stopped in front of me over a field a little higher than the trees.I turned to get on the express way,when i did it stayed there but rotated.I drove for a few minutes then i pulled over to look at it.I couldn't believe what i was seeing so i started slapping my self in the face to make sure it wasen't a dream.I wasen't.I started driving and it went right along with me.I turned right and kept watching it. It stayed at the street where i turned.I drove fast because i was picking up my son and wanted him to see it,but when i got back to the cornor where i left it,it was gone.When i got home i called the air port to see if any one else had seen it.They said they didn't get any reports.It was big and pretty with windows lit up all around it,i couldn't even hear it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date is approximate.  PD));44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
This report confirms another sighting posted in Eugene Oregon on this date.  I saw the entire event.  I was walking across 6th street t;2007-07-04 09:00:00;5 minutes;This report confirms another sighting posted in Eugene, Oregon on this date.  I saw the entire event.   I was walking across 6th street to the store, when I heard a group of people yell woah.  They were looking up and a red glowing disk had dropped from a bright star.  It streaked through the sky to my left, then white lights started comming slowly toward it from far away, they were military jets I presume.   The red craft did a quick 90 degree turn and shot in a matter of seconds into outer space/disapeared.   One guy pumping his gas took a movie with his cell phone and a group of 6 people all saw it. I am sure it was this date because it happened right after the Larry King show which was irronically about UFO's disabling US Nuclear missles.;44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
Black, round, flat, disc flying twisting spiral pattern over the Eugene, Oregon morning sky.;2008-03-06 07:28:00;2 minutes;Black, round, flat, disc flying twisting spiral pattern over the Eugene, Oregon morning sky. I went outside to smoke my morning cigarette this morning (Thursday 3/6/2008, @ 7:28 AM exactly) when I noticed something out-of-the-ordinary flying in the sky to the east of me.  At first I thought it was a bird, but when no wings were moving I focused in on it with my eyes and figured that it had to be a loose 'weather' balloon, or any type of balloon for that matter, ascending into the sky with the help of the wind.  Then I realized that there was no way it could be a balloon either.  As it continued to travel toward me (to the west) and further North, I was staring at it as its path advanced very quickly throughout the sky.  I could see it moving like no other 'balloon in the wind' would ever move.  It was completely black and its shape was changing as it traveled through the air to the north before disappearing in the light layer of clouds that was layering the sky over the valley this morning.  It was clearly a thin (relative to my perspective), perfectly round disk of some sort, and while it flew, it spiraled and twisted like a flat Frisbee, a CD, or a flat rock would spiral if you were to throw one into the air.  It was twisting on it's axis while flying through the air (could not tell if it was spinning or not) very gently and softly but moving very fast though the sky.  The sighting lasted for about 2 minutes...from the moment I spotted it directly East of where I was standing, until the time it disappeared due North from my position.  I could see that it had a perfectly round shape when the angle was right, and I could also see its flatness when it shifted just enough on its side in the middle of its flight.  Its flight pattern was just like that of a bent Frisbee when thrown upside down...you know, it spiraled, sort of rotating on its lengthwise axis, as it flew, kind of twisting as its path advanced.  If you've ever thrown a CD into the air, it was flying almost exactly like that, but proportionately, probably not as fast as a CD flung in the air.  It had very slow, smooth, ! almost f loating dynamics that made it seems like it was hovering almost...but it seemed like it was moving at a constant rate throughout the sky.  I could see its round profile and its flat profile as it spun/spiraled, depending on its position in flight relative to my point-of-view.  Its color was black, but it may have been that it was being silhouetted or shadowed or the like.  It was a flat, round disk, twisting and spiraling through the sky about as fast as it would take a small airplane to fly across that much airspace.  If one side was the top of the disk, and one side the bottom,” I must have seen the top and the bottom about 6 to 8 times each.  That is about how many rotations it made on its axis.  Its size was not determinable, and the altitude at which it was flying was also not determinable, so I cannot make any postulation as to any of those details.  I have never in my life believed in any sort of inexplicable flying objects of any sort.  I always thought that people that believed they saw UFO either had overactive imaginations or were just ignorant in terms of existing aircraft, or a combination of many other factors.  I do not wear glasses and I have perfect 20/20 eyesight in each eye. This was my first time ever seeing what in my mind, I guess, HAS to be a 'UFO', meaning there is no way I can explain what I saw based on my own first-hand experiences.  I have never believed in UFO's simply because I have never witnessed, first-hand, anything that I would qualify as such...there always seems to be an explanation (and there probably is one in my case, with my sighting this morning too!...I just don't have one right now!).  I always said that unless I see one myself (or a Sasquatch for that matter) I can't logically claim to believe in them.  This is my first ever 'UFO' sighting.  I even caught about 30 seconds of what I thought would be good footage using my cellular phone's video application...to no avail.  Immediately upon recording the sky, I could tell that there was nothing visible showing up on my phone's screen.  Nothing showed up during the recording process and there is nothing at all on the footage I have saved on my phone...just the hazy morning sky...no black spot, no nothing!....the object must have been too far away to register on my phone (a 2 Mega-pixel camera-phone).  That is all I have to report.  Conveniently, I am making this report here because I happened to see your website on TV a History channel special on the grays which ran last night, and that is how I knew that this is the place to come if I ever needed to make a report.  Well, wouldn't you know it...the day after that is the day I have my first UFO sighting.;44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
possible fighter jet chasing UFO;2009-07-16 21:00:00;15 minutes;possible fighter jet chasing UFO I was trying to get some orb photos and randomly shot pictures around my yard and up in the sky. I did not see anything with my eyes as I was shooting the pictures. Upon closer examination of the images I noticed a tiny dot in the sky. I zoomed in and on my Laptop display it appears to have a circular energy field around it but very hard to see. The second image has the same object but slightly tilted with the same hard to see energy field but it seems to appear more like a disk. The third image was along the side of a guest house in my back yard. I got a bit of sky in the upper left of the image and it appears to show what looks like a fighter jet chasing the small dot away towards the north of Eugene. I'm emailing the lower resolution images but have high resolution available for further investigation.;44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
Dual orange orbs in Eugene, Oregon. 12/11/2014.;2014-12-11 23:15:00;2 minutes;Dual orange orbs in Eugene Oregon 12/11/2014 My wife and I were outside smoking, when we say two orange round orbs in the sky.  The color almost looked like the distant glow from a fire but was floating in the sky.  They flickered with intensity and flew in unison with one another.  They appeared to be very low and slow moving.  They were traveling north then turned northwest.  One orb started to go dim almost to the point where it looked like a star then disappeared then the other orb just disappeared.  This was not the first time we have seem this kind of activity before.  A month before in November of 2014 we saw a single orange orb that we wrote off as a balloon with a candle attached to.  The second even was the same kind of orb with the glowing orange fire like light but was in a pair.   We live close enough to the airport to see the planes come and go on a regular bases but these flying objects were different from anything we have seen before.  Regular air traffic generates a lot of noise pollution these c! rafts were silent.  We find this event and the past event very strange but don't feel threatened by the presences.   We are hoping that more individuals will share their stories to document the happenings here last night and to feel that they are not alone in their encounters.;44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
UFO flashes by in video.;2015-09-26 16:05:00;5 seconds;UFO flashes by in video. My husband and I were walking our dog in Day Island Park by our house.  We were on Pre's (Prefontaine's) Trail, right next to Interstate 5 and the Patterson Slough, a canal that runs through the park.  It was a very clear sunny day and there was a University of Oregon game going on nearby at Autzen Stadium.   An airplane was flying overhead with a banner trailing it, like they often do on game days.  I stopped to bring up the video recorder on my phone because I was having a hard time reading the sign and wanted to blow up the image.  My husband asked me what I was doing and you'll hear him in the video saying, Coors Light, because he could read it (without being a dork like me and video recording it).  You can also hear someone else yell woah in the background, and I am not sure what that is about.   It wasn't until much later that I was watching videos on my phone that I noticed something come into the frame of the video in the upper corner by the plane and flash by.  It's moving at a very fast speed and seems to be fairly low in the sky.  What is crazy to me is it looks disc shaped, or partially disc and cylinder shaped, when you zoom in on it.  There were no other engine sounds other than the low flying airplane with the banner.   I'm interested to know if others think this is a UFO, or if there are any other logical explanations for the object.;44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
Saucer Disk Over Oregon Ducks Stadium Captured On Sony Camera;2015-10-15 12:30:00;1/320 second;Saucer Disk Over Oregon Ducks Stadium Captured On Sony Camera. Simply put – I was taking a series of pictures from the top of Skinner Butte, elevation 645 feet, in Eugene, Oregon.  One of my photos was zoomed into Autzen Stadium (Ducks) the others were of the downtown area.  There was quite a bit of haze from lingering fires on the horizon which made it difficult to take any quality photos. About an hour later I was viewing on my PC when I saw a disk – UFO – pretty clearly over and past the stadium.  I did not see or was aware of this object whatsoever when I took the picture. My camera is a new Sony Cybershot DSC-HX90V.  I had the zoom almost all the way out but was still able to capture a freeze shot at 1/320 of a second.  I was fortunate to have it on Program Auto mode with the ISO set to 80.  I used Cyberlink Photo Director to clean up the image by increasing the contrast and edging effect some.  With those simple adjustments it becomes quite obvious I have captured a large Saucer Disk.  You can use the cell tower to get an impression of the size as it is beyond that.  Maybe 60 feet long and 25 feet high. (That is purely speculative of course) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
Flat object with lights that on the side, it was hovering for a minute then brightened up and sped off.  ((anonymous report));2018-01-03 19:50:00;3 minutes;I saw above a tree a flat object with lights that on the side, it was hovering for a minute then brightened up and sped up out of view. I saw behind a tree about 60 feet above was a lit up long flat disc shaped object. It hovered there for about a minute then procceded to move slowly along the row of trees getting higher and higher.  About 50 feet away it got lower and made a simaler sound to a boom of thunder and then it got lower and lower and zoomed off in the distance.  This took about 3 minutes then it was gone. Description of object: it lit up along the whole bottom edge.  The shape was like a flat disc and was ginormous and long.  Its pace had no stops and went smoothly.  When it was hovering it was still and the lights seemed dimmer than when it started to move. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));44.0592636893205;-123.097035533981
