Oregon UFO Review Case:  Lights during road trip as phoned into OUFOR.;2002-06-01 22:00:00;10 minutes;Lights during road trip as phoned into OUFOR. 6/01/2002 10:00 p.m. Near Banks, OR. A report was phoned into the OUFOR hotline and later submitted to the Review involving night time light activity seen by a man while traveling from Beaverton to Vernonia. Just after leaving a development area near Banks, the man noticed two unusual lights straight ahead just left of the road and hanging low to the ground. The brightness of one of them really stuck out. As the highway curved slightly to the right the lights stayed to the left side of the road the whole time. After driving for over ten minutes having these two lights within sight, the witness reports feeling as if the objects may have been as much as a mile apart from each other. The witness writes... The light I could see looked huge for the distance I saw it from. The white light was facing me and appeared to be heading in the same direction I was driving. It did not blink. I didn't think it was a plane. After passing the Texaco on my left, I got to the Hwy. 47 turnoff to Vernonia, pulled onto the Hwy. 26/47 intersection and out of the car. I could still see these lights right next to a street light in front of me. The brighter light was brighter than the street lamp. To get an idea on the distance between these two lights, I put my arm all the way out and they were two fingers wide. I then got out my binoculars for a closer look and was amazed to see the brighter light was red toward the top. It also looked flat on it's right side, and was pointed on the left side. It looked like it was divided between a top middle and bottom section. I couldn't tell if the brighter light was connected at all to the one two fingers away to the left of it. I couldn't see the same details with the light on the left as I did with the brighter light on the right. I took several pictures with an HP215 Digital Camera (it has 1.3mega pixel resolution). This witness has agreed to share what pictures he has and we will post them with this sighting when we get them. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Eric Byler and Skip Schultz, of Oregon UFO Research, for following up on the case, and sharing the information with NUFORC.  PD));45.6496;-123.1197
