Wing shaped UFO spotted above the Banks city area.;2002-09-19 11:00:00;3 minutes;Wing shaped UFO spotted above the Banks city area. It was hovering about 2 miles away at a pretty high altitude. I thought it was a B-2, or one of those old Flying Wings, but it was hovering in a still. It looked alot like a B-2, it was blackish dark grey. It hovered for about 1 minute, then it sharply shot forward and then slowed down to a stop. It then hovered for about another minute and then it shot up at an angle into the sky and dissapeared. I saw a ufo when I was 10 years old, but I havent been looking for them since. I have a major knowledge of aviation so, I can tell the differences between aircraft made in this world, and I know that wasnt something I've ever heard of or seen before. I dont know if it was making any noise due to a Cessna flying circles over head. I called the Hillsboro Airport (our local airfield) and they said that they were not tracking anything in that direction, but they said that it was probabally a military jet from the Portland Airbase. Yeah right, the base only has F-15s as their jets, and they wouldnt be flying a jet that could do what this did around here...  This was a UFO.;45.6496;-123.1197
Liquid metal bus saucer morphs eastward in Oregon sky.;2015-06-24 16:50:00;1 minute;Liquid metal bus saucer morphs eastward in Oregon sky. This craft was in the sky moving South East to east.  It wasn't shaped like any I've seen before.  It was rounded on the top but flat on the bottom and slightly elongated.  The movement was fluid, like it morphed forward similar to how a worm moves, but the body rolled forward like liquid rather than being propelled along.  It moved faster than a helicopter at the height about where a small plane would fly.  I spotted it because I was looking at all the chemtrails they were spraying in the sky that day. The object moved right to left, there was no sound and no wings on the object.  This object seemed to be like a short bus rather than a saucer.  There was no lights on the object but the sun was reflecting off it.  (This is the second UFO I've spotted in this same section of sky.  The first was different looking than this one though and I will file a separate report for that sighting.)   I ran in to grab a camera but got back just in time to see the object vanish behind a cloud.  The cloud it went behind was wispy, not the sort of cloud you would think could hide a UFO.;45.6496;-123.1197
