I saw what looked like to be two super bright huge stars fly towards each other, then circle & collide with each other VERY fast.;2011-12-11 18:01:00;10 seconds;I saw what looked like to be two super bright huge stars fly towards each other, then circle & collide with each other VERY fast. My brother and I were driving north on State Road 15 towards Goshen, Indiana at approximately 6 pm on Sunday, December 11, 2011.   As I was driving, my brother, who was in the passenger seat, looks out the window towards the east.  He commented that there were two planes flying towards each other.  Then he yelled that they were about to hit.  I lean forward as I’m driving and look up just in time to see what looked like to be two super bright huge stars flying towards each other.   All of a sudden they began sort of colliding and going in really fast circles around each other. It lasted maybe 10 seconds.   As we turned left, going east onto County Road 42, they flew back away from each other and stayed stationary in the sky.  I put my flashers on and pulled to the side of the road.  A random person coming the other way stopped to see if we were alright.  I said yes and they continued driving.  I got out of the car and looked up and they were still, as if they were planets.  We kept an eye on them the whole time we were out and until we got home.;41.4931;-85.8347
Two big white balls of light flying at high speeds at each other then spun around each other really fast.;2011-12-11 18:01:00;15 sec;two big white balls of light flying at high speeds at each other then spun around each other really fast. My sister and I were driving North on State Road 15 a couple miles north of New Paris, Indiana.  I was in the passenger's side and I looked out the window towards the East.  Then I looked up and see two bright objects that were going really fast towards each other.  I told my sister they're about to collide! She then looks out and sees them about to collide too. Then right before they hit they turned really fast and started spinning around each other.  We turned East on County Road 42 and pulled the car over at 6:01 eastern standard time and called my mom to report it. We looked out the window as I was talking to my mom and they fly apart and they started to hover. When they were hovering they looked like big bright stars or big balls of light, as if you were looking at a planet (smaller than the moon but bigger than a star and really bright). We sat there for about a minute before pulling away but we were still watching them hover. We watched them for about 5 minutes more before we pulled over again.  We then got out of the car and took some pictures on my sister's phone.  We then got some pizza for dinner and went home. We then went inside and told our parents.  We went back outside and looked into the sky. We showed our parents where we thought there was one UFO still there, we couldn't find the other one. After eating and talking about it, my mom said we could go out to the airport and see if anything has been reported.   So we get back into the car and drive back on 15 going north and turn east onto county road 42 again following the same path as before.  We showed her where we pulled over and then drove on to the airport nearby.  The airport was closed so we went to where the sheriff's dept had been but there was no one to talk to there either.  So we drove home and when we got back,  both lights were gone.  I then called the National UFO reporting center and reported it.;41.4931;-85.8347
