My friend and I saw two bright lights that moved at a incredible rate.  2 jets followed the lights and they disappeared.;1998-06-15 20:30:00;:30;My friend and I saw two bright lights that moved at a incredible rate.  2 jets followed the lights and they disappeared. It took place during the summer of 84 my friend and I were outside looking at the stars because it was a very clear night. As we were looking we saw a bright light that was gliding across the sky we were shocked because we could tell it wasn't a plane. Soon another light appeared floating nearby the first.  We watched them for awhile until we began to lose sight of them so we ran down the road to a park to watch more. When we got there, what appeared to be two jets (possibly from Grissom Air Force Base) were in pursuit of the lights.  The lights broke off from each other and the jets broke off to follow. The first jet went after the first light and as the jet got near to it, it seemed like the light paused for a moment and suddenly shot across the sky leaving the jet behind like it was standing still. The second jet followed the second light until it got too close and suddenly the second light made a DEAD stop in the air and made a complete reverse of direction passing the jet and soon after disappearing in the same fashion as the first. If anybody else has had any experiences like mine I would like to know because I really haven't discussed this with too many people and its dificult to talk with someone who has no frame of reference.;41.0662;-86.2385
We were stargazing and we saw a v-formation of brownish orange lights. These lights were traveling NNW. While watching this formation o;2010-03-16 21:30:00;3-5 mins.;We were stargazing and we saw a v-formation of brownish orange lights.  These lights were traveling NNW.  While watching this formation of lights, a v-formation (8) came out of the orignal group and started traveling more west, then regrouped a short time later.  The group was difficult to see because of the color of the lights.  If you weren't watching closely you could miss them.  We heard no engine sounds during this time.;41.0662;-86.2385
