Two objects seen one at close range in November of 1980;1980-11-01 00:00:00;2 Hours;Two objects seen one at close range in November of 1980 In 1980 I was an unemployed construction worker living in north central Indiana. I lived in a rural area with my closest neighbors being a mile away.  The road I lived on was a dirt road not very often traveled by others. It was a warm night in November (for Indiana) and there was no wind at all. It was a new moon so it was a great night to go fox hunting so I got my shotgun and red head lamp and started to the field.  I had to cross two triangle shaped fields, one was approximately 500 yards by a quarter mile the 2nd field was approximately 300 yards by a quarter mile. As I stepped into the first field I looked up and saw two red lights about 100 feet apart.  I knew there were two radio towers in that direction so I did not give it any thought.  It was about midnight and very dark so I did not look up again until I entered the next field.   When I did look up the lights had changed directions.  The lights had made a right turn and now were crossing in front of me heading south at a very slow speed.  The craft was over the fence row that separated the 2nd & 3rd fields.  The field I was entering was 300 yards across and the craft was about 200 feet up. When I saw the craft it scared the hell out of me.  I got behind a big tree and turned my light off. It was a still night and the craft made no sound at all.  It was 80-100 feet across and shaped oblong with two red lights on the outer edges.  I saw no windows or any other lights I watched from behind the tree for 15 minutes or more, the craft seemed to stop once and then moved on.  When it got to the long end of the field it turned right and slowly moved off out of sight. I stood there for a while trying to decide what I should do go hunting or go home.  I was 24 and needed the money so I went hunting.  I went into the third field and set up in the middle on top of a hill.  As I sat there not able to take my eyes off the sky I saw another craft a mile or so away.  It was also going very slow and was zig zaging between the houses.  I watched this one for an hour and a half by that time it was close to 2 AM.   I decided to give up on fox hunting and go home for the night. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));41.0662;-86.2385
