Red lights in the sky on the 4th of july;2011-07-04 22:00:00;20 mins;red lights in the sky on the 4th of july On the 4th of July 2011 at 10:00pm.   My mother, father, myself and my husband were on my back porch watching fireworks displays in the sky. When we noticed two red lights in the sky they were redish orange and round in shape.  We thought were chopers in the sky..  they moved slowly across the sky and then disapeared.  They were extremly high up.   We dismissed it and continued to watch the fireworks displays when we started seeing more red flying lights appearing.  Someone at that time, then others in what seemed like formation.   They were not fireworks as they were exteremly high up and seemed to be moving like aircraft would move.  They moved in what seems like formation then they would disapear.  This happened over a period of time.. for about 20 mins.  I would like to know what these were... as they were very strange to see. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.7149042857143;-71.4116592857143
Red/orange pulsating orb moving steady, slow and low altitude traveling SE to NE;2018-09-01 22:42:00;3-5 minutes;Red/orange pulsating orb moving steady, slow and low altitude traveling SE to NE Red Orb/Fireball UFO   On the night of 09/01/18 at aproximately 10:42pm, I was out on my back deck, in the process of setting up my telescope to  do some stargazing, when I noticed a redish/orange light flicker through the trees in the distance in the southeast direction.  Thinking it was just one of the amber colored street lights in my neighborhood shining through the treeline as the wind blew.   I then realized there wasn't any breeze and there shouldn't be a street light over in the area from where this light was coming from.  I was bobbing my head around trying to see it flicker again through the trees.  I see it 2 more times each of which it seemed to be to the left of where it previously was. I then realized this was not a street light.  I thought it was a plane at first as I live within 1 mile of T.F. Green airport in Rhode Island but it was not.  It looked more like a red signal flare except that it was not moving vertically upward, but horizontally with a slight ascention to it.   As it finally came into my full view from behind my neighbors' houses and trees, I could tell this was neither a plane nor a flare, as it was too large and bright for either.  There was no tail, no sound and no smoke or anything coming from it.  Moving too slow to be a meteor or comet.  It was traveling slow and low altitude as I was viewing this easily with my naked eyes.   I then ran into the house with excitement to wake my wife and tell her look out the bedroom window.  She said she saw it but I don't believe she did. I then went and got my binoculars and ran out the front door as the object has now traveled from behind my house to the front.  It seemed to be heading in a north/northeast direction coming from the southeast.  When I looked at it through the binoculars I could see that it was a round shaped object with a very bright (like the sun) white/yellowish glowing center and a thick red spiked halo around it which seemed to be pulsating/burning.  I ran back in through my house back out to my deck to grab my telescope to try and get an even better view but! by the time I moved it to a better area I could no longer find the object.  In my amazement and excitement, I didn't even think to grab my cellphone which was right outside on the deck with me and take a picture or video of it.  Someone else had to see this.  I am also sure that the airport MUST have seen this object fly by.;41.7149042857143;-71.4116592857143
