Unexplained lights all over the area, lights change colors, move around, appear/disappear, orange fireballs.;2012-10-08 18:00:00;----;Unexplained lights all over the area, lights change colors, move around, appear/disappear, orange fireballs This is sort of hard to explain but I've been seeing ALOT of UFO activity in PA over the past several months.  It started with seeing what I thought were stars start appearing that weren't normally there and they'd slowly move away but I never really thought much of it.  It wasn't till early October that I saw them getting waaaay closer (orange fireball-esk balls flying around, flickering on and off, etc.) to the point where they appear at tree top level.   I have yet to see the crafts themselves but these lights are typically orange but change to a deep red and also light up to a blinding white. Another thing I've noticed is that you'll see 1 of the lights sitting there and then another one will appear out of nowhere, fly towards the other light and combine with it.  Also, I've seen every once in a while you'll see one of the main lights(I say main light because it's lit up from sunset till when I wake up in the morning) move a little bit and all of these different lights will suddenly light up around the main light and be several different colors(red, white, and orange, all shimmering) and in the blink of an eye will just disappear.  I have no idea what's going on but it's very interesting to say the least. NOTE: Tonight(11/20/12) I saw several of the crafts were changing to there deep red hue(possibly signalling to each other?) and then two more crafts appeared, one being a bright light and the other being 3 white lights in a row, both of which slowly descending.  They moved over toward where most of the other light/crafts/whatever are at and disappeared.  I should add that all of this is occuring in a several different locations in rural parts of the area. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));40.2917;-79.4054000000001
