I went to the door to put my dog out.  I saw red and green lights coming across Birch Run Rd toward my house through the trees. I watch;1997-12-02 20:30:00;5 min;Summary : I went to the door to put my dog out.  I saw red and green lights coming across Birch Run Rd toward my house through the trees. I watched as the lights got closer to me from the front door.  I stepped outside and as the craft went over my house I heard a quiet throttle of a engine.  The craft was low and just sort of gliding.  It came form the Northeast sky and continued moving North toward Saginaw MI.  I talked to a neighbor and was told that during a party in late October several witnesses saw the very same thing.   It hovered over the party moving in circles and then hovering.  The craft was V-shaped in front with 2 red lights and 1 green light in front of it.  The lights were very mezmerizing. The craft was v-shaped in front.  Dark in color.  Round in back.   It had 3 lights on it.  2 red and 1 green in front.   The back had no visible lights.  It just went over my house.  It was not very high.  It appeared to be gliding.   I could hear a faint throttle of an engine.  I could not hear any sound until it was over me.  I live in a rural area and I have alot of weeping willow trees in my yard outside my door.  I had been sleeping.  I woke up at 8:25 PM and went to the door to put my dog out.  When I saw the lights coming toward my house I just stood in the doorway to watch and see what it was.   I have never seen anything like that in my life.   I am 49 years old.   It was so weird.  I have been watching the skies ever since and I have seen a very bright light in the sky for months.   It looks like a very bright star.  It goes high and the light gets faint and then it comes low and the light gets very brilght again.    I have seen it just zoom off.   Sometime I don't see it for a couple of weeks and then it comes back again.   I went to Flint, MI one night and watched it all the way there (about 30 Min from my home).   As I sat in the Sams Parking Lot on Corunna Rd.  I could see activity coming from the light.   I saw a red lights come from it.  The light split into 2 red light and zoomed across the sky toward the other side of Flint.;43.2674;-83.7877
