Object hovered over Baton Rouge a long time then shot away;1975-06-15 16:00:00;1.5 hours;Object hovered over Baton Rouge a long time then shot away I remember it like it was yesterday.  I was a teenager and my family was traveling from Alexandria towards Baton Rouge.  It was a clear blue sky day.  Out of the clear blue sky a large pale blue spot appeared. Out of this pale blue spot the craft appeared and darted out ahead of us and hovered over the interstate.  People were stopped all along the highway looking at it.  State troopers were pulled off the road taking pictures and talking on the radio.  The craft was a shiny silver saucer-shaped object with green, white, and yellow lights on the bottom.  The lights turned and alternated.  It hovered a long while over the western edge of Baton Rouge. My father would not stop for anything, even for a UFO.  All of us kids watched it intently.  We headed straight towards it for a long time.  My father was irritated at the slow moving traffic.  As we got near it, it shot out straight forward in a blast of speed with no sound nor contrails.  It then hovered over the eastern side of the city.  A we made the turn heading south, we watched it out of the back window of the car.  Eventually it shot clean out of sight in a second.  I've spoken of it only in circles of trust. My entire family remembers that day vividly.  The date is approximate could have been '74 - '76.  It was summer and none of us kids had left home yet, therefore we all were riding together. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of incident is approximate.  PD));30.4287277955271;-91.0997691693295
Several witness Silver Disc over Baton Rouge;1979-06-15 15:00:00;2-3 Min.;Several witness Silver Disc over Baton Rouge I was fueling my auto in the afternoon at the I-12/Sherwood Blvd. exit in Baton Rouge when I observed a silver disc with portholes at approximately 2-300 ft. altitude over I-12 Interstate. It glided along silently, slightly slower than the traffic. It was observed by me and other patrons, plus the station personell. It was visible for 2 or 3 minutes before disappearing from view. It should have been seen by motorists traveling I-12. We were all amazed and made comments about the real live UFO.;30.4287277955271;-91.0997691693295
metallic disk emerged from one cloud and disappeared behind another.;1979-06-15 19:30:00;30 seconds;metallic disk emerged from one cloud and disappeared behind another. I assume my sighting correlates to another sighting on this date, in this city. Beyond the other witnesses account, I could only guess it was summer (due to the fact that it was still light outside at 7:30 pm) and that it was 1979 or so (based on my age at the time). My older sister and I had been sent to bed early for misbehavior that evening. We were in the back bedroom of a single story duplex on Toulon Dr. in Baton Rouge. Out the back window of the room we saw a large metallic (silver-grey but not shiny) disk with round windows around the upper edge which were amber orange-yellow in color. It emerged from behind a cloud and moved slowly across the sky and into another cloud. During the time we watched and waited, it didn't emerge from the second cloud. The clouds were low puffy white clouds, otherwise the sky was blue, it was early dusk so it was light but not direct sunlight. I couldn't say how high it was in the sky, but it was low enough to see in great detail that it was a disk, that it did have windows (portholes) and that it was not in any way shaped like known aircraft. It was lower than we ever saw planes in that area. The craft moved much slower than you would expect a plane to fly. We heard no noise from inside the house. Being kids and already in trouble, we told our family, but were sent back to bed. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  PD));30.4287277955271;-91.0997691693295
I NEVER THOUGHT IN MY LIFE TIME I WOULD LIVE TO SEE ANYTHING LIKE THAT. I WAS SKEPTICAL BUT NOT ANYMORE...;2010-07-18 20:55:00;1 Min;I NEVER THOUGHT IN MY LIFE TIME I WOULD LIVE TO SEE ANYTHING LIKE THAT. I WAS SKEPTICAL BUT NOT ANYMORE... I Was driving my car on my way to grab a bite to eat.   At approximately 20:55 i noticed a strange looking object in the sky.  I immediately slowed down so i can could get a better view of the object.   At first i thought it was an airplane but it dawned on me, the airport is no where near the location i was at.  I couldn't get a clear view on the drivers side of my car so i opened the top on my sunroof to get a better view.  When i did the object went from 100 feet west ward (from the drivers side) to 75 feet north directly above my head, tilted at a 90 degree angle.  The view from my sun roof was crystal clear.   It was a block like disk/saucer.  It had a kaleidoscope of different colors with in each square surrounding the circumference of the craft.  The colors where white, blue, yellow, red and green, it blinked off and on.   There was a tower in the back ground the lights on the tower stopped blinking when the craft was near.  I stopped my car in front of an apart! ment complex, got out, and before i could take a picture it disappeared.   On my way back home i went down the same street and noticed the lights from the tower where once again operational. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  However, we believe that the source of this report may have been the gentleman who telephoned NUFORC over our Hotline.  PD));30.4287277955271;-91.0997691693295
Two large disk followed by Apache helicopter with no markings;2014-07-22 21:20:00;20-30 seconds;Two large disk followed by Apache helicopter with no markings. On the night of July 22, 2014, I was returning home from my night class from my local university which is only about 3 miles from my house.  I was backing my pickup truck up the drive way and while backing up, I could hear a helicopter get louder as if it was approaching my house. I parked the truck and glanced at the clock on the dash noticed it was 9:20 pm.  I stepped out of the pickup and turned to see why the helicopter was so close or low flying.  It was coming from the northwest proceeding to the southeast. To my astonishment, two large pewter gray colored craft where flying in front of the helicopter in a tight formation, one staggered to the left rear of the front pewter craft. These objects were approximately 60 to 70 feet across in diameter, about 10 to 12 foot thick in the centers, the outer edges of the craft were similar to the edge of a coin like a nickel, smooth with no markings.  I would estimate the sides would be about 2 to 3 foot on the vertical measurement.  The craft made no noise whatsoever, had no markings, no windows of any type, no lights. The two craft were in very tight formation.  The helicopter was all black, had no markings on the fuselage but was an Apache Helicopter.  This I know for sure, being that I am a USAF veteran and have worked on a flight line with military aircraft in my past. The helicopter was about 200 yards behind the two craft, following the two objects but not trying to gain speed or overtake the objects, almost as it was tagging the objects.  The two objects remained very close to one another, about 20 to 30 yards apart, one behind the other. The formation including the helicopter flew about 200 feet off the ground, very close to the tree line, the two disk flew in a straight line and maintained the tight formation.   The entire clear viewing window that I had was about 20 seconds, before the formation flew behind the tree line that is behind my house.  I had a clear view of the objects from the start to finish.  The light in the sky was good being that it was in the city and over a strongly lit neighborhood.  I was about 130 yards away from the flight path of the formation. Right before the helicopter went behind the tree line my wife was coming out of the house and commented to me, “What in the world is all the noise from?  Before I could answer her, the helicopter along with the craft went behind the tree line behind the house and proceeded in a direction that took the formation away from us. The best description I can give of the craft was that if you were to hold a 3 inch sugar cookie at arm’s length at about 30 degrees up and tilt it slightly that would give a good reference to the size and how I was able to see the bottom and shape, I was able to observe the craft for the full period of viewing, the disk shaped craft made no noise, very smooth, no lights, no markings, no appendages, just very smooth, pewter gray in color. I came in and made a detailed drawing of the craft and event to make sure I remembered every detail.   Being ex-military and having worked with aircraft, I know what I saw was a real event. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and we were impressed with how eloquent and seemingly serious-minded he is.  PD)) ((2ND REPORT FROM WIFE)) Mr, Davenport, Here is a written report by me of the event on the 22nd. that occurred with my husband and the objects and the helicopter. Secondary witness to the event in Baton Rouge Louisiana  July 22, 2014. My husband who attends night classes at a local college called to let me know he was on his way home when he left his school.  He does this so I can put the dogs up in the house and open the gate in the driveway so he can back in with his pickup truck.  It only takes about 5 to 10 minutes for the drive home from the school.   After I had gone outside and opened the gate, I went back inside the house to wait for my husband to drive in.  It was just a few minutes, maybe 5 minutes or so, when I started to hear a noise outside.  The noise continued to increase to the point that it was loud and had me concerned.  I knew it was the sound of a helicopter and I thought it must be flying very low over the house so I went out to see why the noise had gotten so loud.  By this point it sounded like it was right over the back of the yard at our house and I was very concerned of what was going on.   I went out the back door and started walking out under our carport to investigate the noise.  I saw my husband had already backed up the driveway in his truck and was standing by the driver side rear wheels staring over the back of the property pointing and saying something out loud to me.  I could not hear what he was saying because of the noise of the helicopter.   I walked rather quickly out from under the carport to see what he was pointing at and I saw a black helicopter go behind the tree line very close to the top of the trees behind our house.   My husband seemed to be in shock at what he saw and kept asking me if I saw the other objects.  I did not, being that I was walking from the backdoor through the carport which is covered and it took a bit to walk from the back door out into our driveway where I could get a good view.  I did manage to see the helicopter.   My husband came inside with me visibly upset by something he had seen and began explaining it to me and drawing down his sighting.  I know my husband well enough to know that if he saw something like this he would not say so without it being a real event. This is what I witnessed that night. If you any questions my cell number is 225-((number deleted)) Thank you ((name deleted)) Baton Rouge, La. ((END ADDENDUM));30.4287277955271;-91.0997691693295
Outside got dark, I went out to roll up windows when I saw up in the clouds a round silver shinny saucer with a tall dome in the clouds;2018-07-05 18:45:00;5 minutes;Outside got dark, I went out to roll up windows when I saw up in the clouds a round silver shinny saucer with a tall dome in the clouds, with no sound or lights.  The UFO was called in the clouds.  Lighting was strikingly above the dome, and below the craft.  No thunder or wind nor rain. I learned later businesses beneath the craft lost electrical power.  The craft was visible at one moment and I saw 2 brightly light orbs cone out if the craft.  They flew away very fast;30.4287277955271;-91.0997691693295
