Dozens of bright lights shooting all over sky, Plus 2 Very Large craft flying directly at us.;2018-09-06 22:00:00;2 hours;Dozens of bright lights shooting all over sky, Plus 2 Very Large craft flying directly at us. My boyfriend and I took the pontoon boat out on the lake to enjoy the sunset, as we often do. It was a fabulous sunset and we stayed to watch all the beautiful after glow.  The stars started coming out and the sky cleared.  We were picking out constellations when I saw a star shoot across the sky.  Then I saw another one.  My boyfriend started seeing stars shooting all over the sky.  He recalls seeing 30 to 40 of them at a time.  I remember seeing 10 or 12 at a time.  We were amazed and thrilled at the sight.  I was so happy because, even though I have spent hundreds of nights sleeping out under the open sky, I had never seen a UFO.  We could hear, but not see one lone jet flying round the area. Then, about 1000 feet of the stern of the boat, we saw looked like a huge (300' across?) plane shaped object bearing down on us about 100 feet off the water.  It had very bright yellow orange lights.  A big one in the center and decreasingly smaller lights going out the ends of the object.  It was speeding and descending directly at us.  Totally silent.   My boyfriend got a very short video but it is not very good.  I can't believe that I was laughing!  But it is on the video.  Then it just disappeared into thin air.  Poof!  It was gone.  It seems strange, but neither one of us seemed to be frightened at all.   It was all just so awesome and thrilling.  We decided to stay out and keep star gazing.  About 15 minutes passed then an object just like the first one, but about twice as large, started to bare down on us.  Same as the first but more lights.  It too just disappeared.  We stayed out another half hour, then decided to go home.  I hesitate to tell the following, because it makes my account seem unbelievable, but I want to report it all.  As we were stepping of the pontoon boat, from my boyfriends phone in his pocket we heard a computerized female voice saying random numbers and letters.  Something like: M R 5 V 8 M K 3 Y R B 2.  The phone had not rung.  And there is no record of it on his phone.  We went home and went to sleep like nothing had happened.  The next morning I couldn't stop thinking about it, and I thought it was very odd that I wasn't freaking out.  It was like I had seen a fabulous movie or gone on really wild carnival ride.  I didn't take my shower till noon because I had yard work to do in the morning.  When I went to blow dry my hair, I looked at my eyes in the mirror and I saw terror looking back at me.  And that freaked me out.  I am thinking that my conscious mind is protecting me from going crazy.  But my subconscious knows.  Days passed and the thought occurred to me that those huge objects created no waves on our shallow lake.  Normally even a small fishing boat will far away will create waves.  I'm thinking that those objects were holograms.  My boyfriend thinks that they were real because hovercrafts don't make a wake.  I just don't know. I'll try to figure out how to send you the video from my boyfriends phone.;27.297;-81.3647
