Bright orange light flares, changes into tight cluster of blinking lights that moves erratically over Brooklyn, Michigan.;2004-12-14 05:15:00;2 minutes;Bright orange light flares, changes into tight cluster of blinking lights that moves erratically over Brooklyn, Michigan. While up late working on a graphic design project, I looked out of my studio window to see a large orange ball of light sitting motionless above a stand of trees a few hundred yards away due east of my home.  The light was approximately the size of the full moon.  The moment I thought what the hell is that the light quickly flashed an intense white and became a tight cluster of arhythmically blinking red and white lights.  The object began to zig zag and bob up and down slowly to the southeast.  With tree branches as references I could tell that the object was bobbing up and down and moving erratically much like a hummingbird or like a boat on choppy waters.  The object then made a turn to the north until it was due east of my position, approximately where the Michigan International Speedway is located.  The object was still blinking very erratically and quickly and its motion was still 'jumpy'.  At this point the object meandered toward the east over the Irish Hills/US-12 area of south central Lower Michigan as I lost sight of it.  The entire duration of the sighting lasted about two to three minutes.;42.107;-84.2392
A strange formation of bright scintillating lights bobs up and down in the skies over the Lake Columbia.;2005-03-22 22:45:00;5 minutes;A strange formation of bright scintillating lights bobs up and down in the skies over the Lake Columbia. At 10:45 pm I caught sight of a VERY bright orange light out of my periferal vision while sitting at the computer indoors.  All of my interior lights were on so this light was very, very bright.  Airplanes and stars never grab my attention like this object did.  The light was north of my home and approximately 20 degrees above the horizon.  The wind was gusting to around 25 mph at the time and it was overcast.  I stood up from the computer, dimmed the lights and went to the window to watch a tightly grouped collection of fast blinking lights that surrounded a very bright orangish light that would extinguish and re-light every two or three seconds.  The fast blinking lights were orange, red, blue, green, yellow and white.  They blinked so fast that it almost appeared like a giant scintillating star.  This object was low enough over the horizon to gauge it's movements in reference to trees which were backlit by Jackson, Michigan's orangish glow.  This weird collection of lights would rock back and forth in the air and seemed to rise and fall dramatically.  After approximately five minutes swinging, ascending and descending in the air it lurched upward and disappeared into a cloudbank almost directly overhead.  This is the second sighting I've had in the area over the past three weeks.  On Sunday February 27th, at approximately 7:45 pm I observed two brightly lit triangular formations of lights sitting above the eastern horizon while driving south on M50 between Napoleon and Jackson, Michigan.  The two formations of lights each consisted of three bright orangish white lights.  Two lights formed the triangular base and a single light at each apex.  They sat just a few degrees above the horizon from my position and were in view for about a minute before I lost sight of them behind trees.  I turned my car around to see if I could locate them but had vanished.;42.107;-84.2392
A bright orange light moving slowly across the sky for 2-3 minutes.;2012-07-29 22:05:00;2-3 minutes;A bright orange light moving slowly across the sky for 2-3 minutes. I live in Jackson County in Michigan and was working lastnight (July 29th, 2012) on Wamplers Lake when I was locking the sliding glass door & noticed a bright orange light that was slowly moving across the lake in the direction of where I was.  I stepped outside and watched it for about 2 minutes moving in the direction that I was at over the lake, although I couldn't see a shape only the lights.  It wasn't a flourescent colored light but more of a pumking color orange light.   At first I only noticed one bright light but as it was getting closer I did see a much smaller light on the right side. I was watching it out of curiosity mostly because I hadnt ever seen a orange light from an airplane plus it was moving quite slowly so it struck me as unusual.  My camera was right behind me on a small table so I stepped back about 2 feet to grab my camera. When I turned back towards the sliding glass door, I could barely see the light and it was ALL the way back over to where I originally noticed it, basically on the other side of the lake where I first noticed it. I did snap two shots however.  Within about 2-3 seconds, the light was gone. It took a little more than 2 minutes for it to get as close as it did and within seconds it was where it started from, or atleast from where I first noticed it. I'm wondering if anybody seen anything like this from lastnight?  I did take a picture but couldnt see anything after I went back to review the shot. I zoomed in to 16x and was able to notice a dim blue light in the sky where the object was at.;42.107;-84.2392
