Round probe which appeared to be emiting sparks.;1998-06-30 21:30:00;15 minutes;Round probe which appeared to be emiting sparks. Yesterday (September 9, 2014) I was watching a bunch of UFO shows on direct TV and they mentioned your organization.  Up to this point I did not know there was a place to report UFO sightings. My wife and I lived in Manitou Beach, Michigan between June 1998 and July 2002.  I believe it was the fall of 1998 when I had an experience with an unidentified flying object.   I drove from my house on Devils Lake Hwy to Brooklyn, Michigan, in the evening to pick up some Chinese food for supper.  Returning home, I drove south out of Brooklyn and drove down Brooklyn Rd., which runs next to MIS (Michigan International Speedway).  When I arrived at the corner of Brooklyn Road and US12 I saw an object in the night sky which appeared to be approximately above Round Lake Highway.   I pulled off the road at the corner and sat in my car watching the object.  The object appeared to be the size of a basketball, it changed colors from yellow, to orange, to blue on the perimeter and appeared to be emitting sparks.  The object moved extremely slow and ran parallel to US 12, moving from the west to the east, and the object was approximately 100 feet above the tree line.  I watched this object for approximately 15 minutes and it maintained the same height, never changing its altitude. I served in the United States Navy and US Army National Guard.  The object had characteristics of a flare with some notable differences.  Flares do not maintain their altitude and fall to the ground diagonally unless there is a strong wind - and there was no wind.   I thought about a meteor but the item moved much to slow.  I tried to put a rational explanation as to what I was seeing in the night sky but came up empty.   At this point, I had worked for the Michigan Department of Corrections in Parole/Probation for over 10 years, and believe I’m a confident observer.  I watched the item from the time it was over Round Lake Highway until it had moved on its easterly course until it had probable passed over M50, at which time I decided to head for home, but the object continued on an easterly course at the same height and continued to follow US 12. The though crossed my mind that I was witnessing an Unidentified Flying Object, which alarmed me to some degree, but I thought the item was small to be a flying saucer and, unless they have a shrink ray, there would be no way for the object to abduct me or beam me aboard.   I thought the object might be a probe, but the only significant land mark in the area is Michigan International Speedway.  I should also note there are no military installations in the area and there was no events taking place at Michigan International Speedway, so there was no reasons for a flare to be in the night sky.   I’m extremely confident that what I saw was not a flare of any type and that’s why I’m writing to you to report an unidentified flying object.  If we had cell phones with cameras back then, I would have loved to have taken a photograph of the object because it was really interesting.  This is the first time I’ve told anyone of the incident with the exception of my wife and kids. Throughout the shows that I watched I did not see any reports of UFO’s matching the description of the item that I saw but found the vast array and variety of spacecraft reported which makes me wonder if we’re not being visited by various entities, and then that brings up the logical question - why?  DNA samples, intelligence gathering, mapping, scientific studies by entities visiting our planet lead me to the question of intention.  While I was in the National Guard I served as an intelligence analyst for awhile and it was my job to evaluate potential threats and create counter measures.  Time after time I have seen on the shows about UFO’s visiting earth where the spacecraft have been around military installations and other vital infrastructure around the world.  Often we hear a comparison between technological differences and how earthlings are new to the cosmic scope and how entities visiting earth are so much more advanced - but then there are reports of so many cra! shed space ships.  Even in our infancy we have gps, collision alarms for aircraft (and cars now), and a host of other technological devices - so it seems rational to believe any advanced entity would also have these items so I’m not sure why there would be so many crashed spaceships. In closing:  I believe in what I see with my own eyes.  I cannot put a rational explanation to what I saw (which does not mean there is not a rational explanation).  Even if I had not experienced an unidentified flying object I believe there is life beyond earth just as a matter of chance - as a gambler you play the odds and if you look into the heavens you would have to be ignorant to believe we are alone.  I think it is shameful UFO sighting are not taken seriously by governments around the world because as an intelligence analyst you need data in order to reach conclusions and to come up with logical responses.  I graduated from Western Michigan University with a double major - Criminal Justice/Sociology, which means I like to collect evidence, look at it and draw my own conclusions.  I also like to study people and societies and cannot help but wonder why some societies seem to have more experiences with other entities then others and wonder what significance this ph! enomenon has in the larger picture. I thank you for your time and attention.;42.107;-84.2392
