White flashes of light at low altitude, absolutely silent, moving westward;1981-07-01 00:00:00;30 seconds;White flashes of light at low altitude, absolutely silent, moving westward 	My sister and I were sleeping in the patio because it was too hot in our bedrooms. We were awakened by a flash of light.  I remember standing up and stepping out into the yard so I could see what it was. All of a sudden, there was a white flash of light that came from something above our property. I had a clear view of it easily. We didn't have any trees or tall buildings in the way, and there weren't any clouds that I remember either, although there could've been some clouds.   From the time I woke up until the light flashed again, I'd say about 10 to 15 seconds had elapsed.  When it flashed, it was the whitest, brightest light I had ever seen.  The time duration of the flash of light was only a split second.  When it flashed again, it had moved a little since the last flash, in a westerly direction, I'd say about 50 to 100 feet.  That is according to the height from the ground it seemed to be at.  It felt like it was around 100 or 200 feet in the air.  When it f! lashed again, it was exactly the same, and had moved the same more distance to the west... another 50 to 100 feet, the same speed, time interval, light intesity, direction, etc. There was no sound of any kind coming from it it was silent, and everything outside was silent. 	In total, I watched it do this about 4 times. My sister stood next to me the entire time and watched what I watched. We watched this all happen while standing in the same spot in the yard. About a minute later, we ran into the house to wake up our parents and show them. It must have been around midnight, I'm guessing. We tried to make our parents go outside and look at what we were looking at, but they just looked out the front porch window, which was in the wrong direction, and the porch roof was in the way. We both got mad because they didn't just go outside and look up where we looked. Anyways, they never did see anything. To my knowledge, there weren't anymore flashes of light that night. 	To this day, my sister remembers seeing this beause I asked her a few years ago if she remembers seeing the UFO we saw when we were kids and she said yes, she remembered. We both saw the same thing, and both heard no sound. 	I know what I saw. It was pitch black outside. There were super white light flashes coming from something not very far above our property. There was no sound of any kind, mechanical or otherwise. What the thing did was methodical, and silent. It wasn't a helicopter or anything else with a search light looking for someone. It lit up everything. It was such an intense light, it could've lit up the entire town for all I know. This happened in the summer of either 1981 or 1982. Possibly 1983, but I doubt it. I was between 8 and 10 years old at the time. I am now 46 years old. I've never forgotten it, and my memories of it have not changed a bit.;47.522;-120.5124
