Cylinder shaped with lights on the side. I Have never seen a plane do that...;2004-08-20 21:50:00;5 min;Cylinder shaped with lights on the side. I Have never seen a plane do that... My boyfriend and I were traveling south on Lake Shore Drive when he said, Look up there! Oh my god, What is that? I could not believe my eyes again. Skeptically thinking I thought they were practice flights for the annual Air & Water Show the next morning.  But everyone can here those planes over a 2 mile radius even while on the express way. I heard nothing.  The object was cylindrical shaped with lights on the side.  But it was just sitting in one place not moving.  At the distance, I can tell if it was a helicopter or plane, something identifiable.  Then all of a sudden, three balls of white light drop out of it like flares coming out of a plane.. Now I have seen flares dropped out of a plane before.  These were bright white balls of light that were mechanically controlled.  They were not fireworks from either Navy Pier, Soldier Field, or Sox 35th Stadium.  These lights left no trail of smoke and a lot larger than a firework spark or white flare. The first one dropped and I thought it would just keep falling and then it did these outrageous 90 degree turns. Then the same thing for the other two.  The way the were moving so fast I could barely keep up with my own eyes. Plus, they looked as if they were doing a Light show.  My eyes could barely keep up with the speeds and turns of just one of them.  Maybe I'm being too eager with this one, because of my original sighting in July. Those were real ufo's.  I wish I had a camcorder.. You know what... Im buying 1 next paycheck.  To start providing proof of what I have been seeing.. I don't want to be called crazy without evidence of my sanity.  1st one was the shell where the other 3 fell out of, and  long like a cigar  The other 3 that fell out of the cigar shaped one were large balls of white light making controlled turns...Orb shaped. They actually looked larger than the object the fell out of.  bright white glowing with a faint yellowish gold ora  Now I know why people don't like to come out in the public and share what they have seen... I am going to make some drawings of some kind ot explain what I have seen. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.8841229180932;-87.6674748940178
we both saw a huge dark cylinderical UFO with a haze around it ,moving real fast and also two small UFO like tear drop,vanishing in sec;2007-07-23 16:30:00;3 minutes;we both saw a huge dark cylinderical UFO with a haze around it ,moving real fast and also two small UFO like tear drop,vanishing in sec Me and my husband were travelling back from Chicago IL to Cleveland OH,on 90 East interstate Highway.After crossing Skyway bridge,when we saw a huge cylinderical shaped flying object.First my husband mentioned about it and showed how big thing is flying with a dark halo around it towards south.  First we were really confused about it that wether its a big jet or big commercial ballon but its shape and size didnt fit anything.It was obviously cylinderical and very big even compared to a big flying jumbo plane.Suddenly ,it disappeared and then we noticed same thing on our north side.We were shocked how it is possible for a flying object to fly so swiftly and appearing on quite opposite direction. At that moment, i grabed my camcorder and tried to capture it ,but unfortunately we were driving at high speed on high way,and object was even flying at higher speed.Suddenly we saw a relativey small sized tear drop shaped flying object,again with a haze around it. Then i was able to capture few shots of that object.i have that recording saved with me in my camcorder.You can see yourself how fast its moving and how strange it is.It was really an extremely strange experience.I can still feel my hair standing out on my back.;41.8841229180932;-87.6674748940178
