3 big balls of light just sitting in the sky over by O'Hare Airport;2004-07-16 16:30:00;2 - 3 hours;3 big balls of light just sitting in the sky over by O'Hare Airport A friend of mine ((name deleted))), lives between Bryn Marr & Winthrop.  Her apt. window is about 6 or 7 stories up facing west, towards O'hare airport.  We were sitting in her living room and she said, look at the pretty lights.  So another friend ((name #2 deleted))), and myself went to see what she was speaking of.  ((witness #1)) said those lights have just been sitting there in one spot all evening, before I made it to her home around 8pm.  When I looked out the window there were dozens of planes flying around. some really close others very far but definately more than usual.  At first we thought they were flares.  But we did not see them fall out of a plane or shoot up from the ground.  There were at least 3 lights just slowly fading in & out in a row.  One of them slowly hovered up and down.  But the thing that struck me is that it was so damn bright. Not like a plane with a few lights and definately not a blimp.  It just sat there in one place for hours while other identifiable planes were around.  We decided to go the the roof of her building 3 stories higher, and they were still there. Then we thought it could have been planes waiting to gas up or for a place to land.  But planes just do not sit like that, not even military fighter planes and with no noise. we can hear evey plane that flew around but these were very quiet.  The objects, from the few miles distance were from, looked egg shaped light bulb about the size of a Mini-van. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));41.8841229180932;-87.6674748940178
Bullet shaped object burning up falls towards Chicago, then changes directions and shoots away July 16 2019;2019-07-16 21:40:00;~3 minutes;Bullet shaped object burning up falls towards Chicago, then changes directions and shoots away July 16 2019 My partner and I were attending tonight’s regular Full Moon Fire Jam on the beach along with a hundred or so other people.  My partner made a comment about the planes tonight, she felt like they were moving a lot lower and faster, they seemed more colorful than usual and were interesting to look at so I was laying on our blanket face up staring at the planes in the sky.   After a while of spacing out I realized my attention had fixed on a bright object that wasn’t the moon.  At first it was just a bright red-orange light headed towards earth from the East, if the projectile landed it would be a little bit North of us.  After a minute I asked “Do you see that?”.   We watched it for another minute, trying to understand what it was. My original thought was a foreign space object somehow missing a tail, but my partner’s was that it was a bomb.  She has better eyesight than me and later claimed that the thought of it being a bomb came from the way the light shone against! the surface of the object, like wrapping around its nose, “It looked like a bullet.”.  It was big, how big is hard to say, but big enough that if it did crash to earth it would destroy the city.   We got up and started to leave, but when no one else followed we questioned our decision.  “It’s still there.”  I noted, and we both watched it for a few more seconds.  From my perspective it seemed to stop and immediately change directions, now moving parallel to the horizon towards the North, away from us, but my partner believes it “slungshot back the way it came”.  It was completely gone within a second.   I posted a vague question about it on the Fire Jam Facebook event page and two others described the event as well.  I don’t know if what I saw was intelligent life, technology, or space junk, but whatever it was, it made my heart fall into my stomach, I could hardly believe what I was seeing was real.  I feared for my life.;41.8841229180932;-87.6674748940178
While sitting outside last night, I witnessed a seemingly low-flying egg-like object move incredibly fast through the sky. The view fro;2020-11-03 21:00:00;2 seconds;While sitting outside last night, I witnessed a seemingly low-flying egg-like object move incredibly fast through the sky. The view from my 3rd story deck spans from northeast to southwest, and the object crossed the entirety of that view in a span of about a second and a half, similar to the speed you might witness in a shooting star. In trying to judge how high it was flying, I can compare against the backdrop of skyscrapers I see southeast from my location, and it appeared to be flying at perhaps the height of a helicopter (there was also a great deal of helicopter action in the sky last night due to the election).  I was also able to make out in that brief moment that it was an elongated, oval or egg-like shape, which also suggested it wasn't flying terribly high.  Additionally, I saw it pass in front of my view of several of the skyscrapers of downtown Chicago, which are between 1-2 miles south of me. The object itself was egg-shaped from the brief glimps! e I got, and it glowed. There were no distinguishable individual lights on it, and nothing blinking.  A very large tail of light followed behind it, perhaps due to speed. The light was bright, but not blinding. It moved in a gently arced, horizontal line, not straight across the sky.  There was no sound as it passed, which struck me as peculiar given its incredible speed and seemingly low-flying position. It traveled from east to southwest, disappearing from my view as it flew past the visual barrier I have of the exterior wall of my building that defines the end of my outdoor space. My husband and neighbor were also outside, but by the time I could shout out, the object was already gone.  I would be extremely curious to hear if anyone else had a similar sighting.;41.8841229180932;-87.6674748940178
