Red-orange, glowing egg shaped orbs hover in formation and fly away single file.;2017-08-03 21:40:00;5 minutes;Red orange, glowing egg shaped orbs hover in formation and fly away single file. I was watching television in my family room when I noticed some strange, bright red orange lights in the distance.  I went out on my patio to see what they were. I then saw four glowing somewhat egg shaped orbs move into a formation of two in a row over the other two and hover.   As I watched, another one began to rise from a little further west, and slowly move into the same area as the other four began to move away, in single file.  Several more followed suit, and there were probably at least ten of them in all. The objects made no noise, and the entire body of them glowed red orange.  The top of the orbs gave somewhat of a handle look over the lower part.  The tops were lighter in color and a little blurrier than the lower parts.  I could not see any flashing lights, or obvious external lights. The objects flew off in a slight S pattern, first coming from the west, then stopping and hovering, and then flying northwest, and finally north.  They appeared to be moving very slowly and gracefully, but in a matter of seconds, the lights became very tiny, seeming to have moved fast, though it didn't seem so.  Very odd. I lost sight of the objects when they just disappeared.  It was like a candle being blown out, not darting away or a sudden light going out.  They dimmed and went out.  The entire event was probably less than 5 minutes and I didn't have time to grab a camera.  Just before the last of the objects moved out of view, a small plane began heading in their direction. I could barely hear its engine.  The objects, however, made no sound.  The plane had blinking lights, whereas the objects appeared to be glowing, orb like things, with no external lights detectable.  I live near the Embry Riddle Aeronautical University, so I am used to seeing all kinds of aircraft.  These things were not planes, helicopters, or drones.;29.1384229219142;-81.0277987405558
