Daytime flying saucer that was in between its cloaking phase;2010-03-17 11:32:00;45 seconds;Daytime flying saucer that was in between its cloaking phase On March 17, 2010, at approximately 11:32AM, I was going out to get lunch for my wife and son. I walked out to my car which was parked in our driveway.  As I started backing up I looked out of my driver’s side window after only backing up a few feet or so.  I saw a very strange object.  It was moving left, and then right, then left, and then right just going back and forth.  I started trying to think of what it might be while watching it for about 5 seconds.  I then realized that this was no ordinary object.  I got out of my car for a better look.  My neighborhood was fairly new so the trees were still not tall and didn’t affect my viewing.  A few seconds after I got out of my car the UFO started to move my direction.  It moved very slowly without any sound at all.  It was very low.  I literally could’ve thrown a rock at it and almost hit it when it passed over me it was that low. Description of UFO:  It’s very hard to describe.  It was shaped like a typical flying saucer, but the dome part of it was larger than the typical flying saucer photos you see on the internet.  It was also not silver or shiny in any way.  It looked tan or light brown and had little red dots on it.  As it flew slowly towards me I noticed that the top half of the craft was disappearing. By the time it had almost reached me most of the UFO had vanished and I could only see the very bottom part of the UFO.  As it passed over me, I saw the bottom of the UFO and I was just a dark black circle.  Did not see any kind of detail other than that and after a few more seconds the UFO had completely vanished. Summary: In my opinion the UFO may have had problems cloaking or have been in a transition phase of doing so. When it was flying towards me and the top half vanished I could only see blue sky behind it. That really freaked me out because I now know that a UFO can cloak itself and be completely invisible. So the shape of the UFO was definitely a flying saucer it just had kind of an odd shape to it, kind of bulky, not like a slick styled UFO. The red dots were not random but in rows on the craft going up and down. I should also mention around 05:30PM that same evening there was a black helicopter flying around my neighborhood and did circle around my house a few times. That was the only time I’d ever seen a helicopter around my neighborhood flying that low and I’d lived there for around 7 years at the time. Ever since this event, (it changed my life) I’ve been searching the internet and researching UFO’s to find a similar sighting or to see if anyone else had seen the same thing I did. I still haven’t found anything. I feel I may be one of the few people to ever see a flying saucer during its cloaking phase. I don’t know why it’s taken me so long to report this on your site. I did originally post it to MUFON a few days afterwards but they never contacted me.;41.6729;-88.5413
