I was driving approx.  5 miles northeast of Ellerbe headed toward Ellerbe from Derby( community). I had just came up from a low lying w;2020-08-23 21:00:00;2-3 seconds;I was driving approx.  5 miles northeast of Ellerbe headed toward Ellerbe from Derby( community). I had just came up from a low lying wooded area and around a sharp curve when I spotted approx  8 red ball shaped objects. It appeared they had just taken off from a large field north eastward at the speed of fireworks at a 45 degree as a plane would assend. I was traveling approx  45 mph west.  My view was obstructed quickly.  My immediate response was to call the man living by the field but due to his job as a carperter thought he would be asleep. I had my 2 yr old grandson with me.  Didn't try to turn around to see if I could see more. I did mention it to the carpenter. He said he would walk in the field to look for signs.   I am a retired registered respiratory therapist of sound mind and believe I have witnessed  out of space intelligence. Approx two years ago my dad saw a single red ball in his den hovering around 2 ft. In his den. I was leaving , standing i! n the doorway talking to my stepmom.  Dad said the red ball went over out heads. He shouted did y'all see that red ball? We looked down toward the ground and didn't see it but a woman who rented a home from him witnessed the single  red ball coming from his house crossing the road in front of her car. She called him immediately and asked him what  was going on at his house and described the red ball. The next day dad saw a skinny figure with big eyes aprox 2 ft tall standing at the end of his couch. It vanished when he looked directly at it. He was embarrassed  to report it. He told family and a few others. He also a similar red ball near Mineral Springs Middle school in Ellerbe moving in a popping motion along the side of the road then crossed over the road moving southward. He has had other strange sightings and actually thinks he was picked on the shoulder while he was lying on his couch. My stepmom told him she hadn't poked him( tapped his shoulder). He had seen a few objects that would vanish or move quickly through the cracked door. Call me if you ! want the carpenter and my dad's addresses.  910 334 9094;35.091;-79.7503
