Five spoked object like a wheel with multiple bright, red, green, white, blue, & yellow flashing lights along the spoke structures.;2021-07-23 22:00:00;3 hours over three nights;Five spoked object like a wheel with multiple bright, red, green, white, blue, & yellow flashing lights along the spoke structures. This is a UFO report for three consecutive-nights, July 22nd, July 23rd, and July 24th, 2021.  At approximately 10:00 PM to 1:00 AM the next morning, each night, I (a licensed pilot) and another witness (a college student), saw the following described single object in the Eastern sky at an estimated 5,000 foot elevation or 30 degrees above the horizon, over the water and New Brunswick, Canada near Eastport, Maine, the furthest East location in the U. S.  The object appeared to have five extremely long spokes like a wheel or the bottom of an office chair, that were lighted up by multiple flashing and solid colored lights of green, red, white, yellow, and blue and possibly other colors as well.  There were many more lights solid and flashing outlining the individual spoke-like structures than a normal aircraft has marking its wingtips and tail with the typical red, green, and white single lights.  It appeared to be stationary at times and also to move at will ! very, very fast by darting and skipping around in the clear full-moon lighted sky wherever it chose to go.  This was obviously not any known aircraft or helicopter, because it was way too fast in its movements and maneuvers.  It continued its patterns randomly for the next three hours until it suddenly and quickly disappeared.  It appeared again as a single object the next two nights at approximately the same time, location, and fashion, due East of Eastport, Maine in again, clear nearly full moonlighted skies.  These times the same two witnesses saw it again plus three others who were notified and alerted of it by the two who previously spotted it the night before.  The other three witnesses thought it was also some kind of UFO, with none of us ever seeing anything like it, and believing that it was not like any known aircraft or helicopter.  It repeated the same skipping around, hovering, and dart-like speeding patterns as the night before, only these times a little further to the South.  The observations were again during moonlighted skies, so it was very clear.  We managed to take a few pictures with a cell phone, but they did not come out very well.  We need a telescope to spot it more clearly, and tonight we are going to look for it again. The fact that the UFO was spotted in the same appropr! iate location at the same approximate times three nights in a row, may merit further investigation as to what it could be, in the event that it may be some kind of border patrol operation between the U. S. and Canada, otherwise we are at a total loss to explain what it was.  The witnesses who saw this single object included two licensed pilots, a college student, and two others actively involved in business.;44.9217;-67.0044
