Bright, hazy clyindrical object appearing and disappearing in Boston area;2006-08-19 00:15:00;5-6 seconds;Bright, hazy clyindrical object appearing and disappearing in Boston area I was sitting outside shortly after midnight, August 19 (the night of the 18th), 2006, when a light in the sky caught my attention. The object was large it was probably almost about a half an inch long from my perspective, which would seemingly be a huge craft or object considering it appeared very high up in our atmosphere. The object radiated as a blue-white light, and although it appeared as somewhat of a haze (I couldn't make out any specific edges or details of the object), it took the shape of a cylinder, with its height being about one-third its length. When I first saw the object it was moving slowly however, at the altitude it appeared to be flying at its rate would be quite fast. The object then sped up as it made its way across the sky, at a rate that was much faster than any airplane I've seen at a comparable altitude. After about five seconds or so, the object made one last acceleration that had to have at least tripled its speed, and disappeared as it moved upward and seemed to leave the atmosphere. The last acceleration of speed before its disappearance is what has stuck with me—it seemed straight out of a science fiction movie. Nothing that I’m aware of could move that fast. I’m a sane person, with no prior UFO sightings or unexplainable phenomena in my past. I spent most of my time in the 24 hours after the incident trying to convince myself of some rational explanation, and I’ve realized that no known human craft or atmospheric event could have accounted for what I saw. I want to know what it was, and if anyone else saw it! Some other details concerning the event: 1) It was a clear night more stars than are generally visible in my area were visible on this night. I took this into consideration while trying to determine the object’s altitude. The fact that it was an illuminated object with no real shape other than a hazy cylinder caused me to believe that it was very high up in our atmosphere. 2) The object made no sound. 3) Regretfully, I was alone at the time. I was outside for no more than two minutes when I saw the object my girlfriend and three of my friends were inside the house at the time. My only regret in this experience is that no one was there with me to experience and validate what I saw.;42.4809267605634;-71.1562816901409
