Triangle of three lights.;2017-06-27 21:00:00;45 minutes;Triangle of three lights. Three bright white lights over Monterey Bay in straight line, then formed triangle, then line at an angle.  They then dispersed and appeared, reappeared in separate area from bright to dim.  Hovered for long periods.;36.6217;-121.7935
Object came from the E and left a contrail, then split into two spheres.  ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));2017-12-22 17:30:00;~15 minutes;Object came from the east and left a contrail, then split into two spheres which left in different directions at high speed. Initially visibly as a red to orange glow near the eastern horizon, this object left a visible contrail, initially orange, which gradually became white.  The diameter of the contrail varied. It closed at very high speed until it covered about two thirds of the distance between us and the eastern horizon- at which point it appeared to explode.  I have watched a number of meteor showers- and this did not resemble any meteor I have ever seen. We initially thought it was probably an aircraft catching light from the sun, which was at that time not far below the horizon.  At the point where it appeared to explode, the contrail abruptly flared into a very large white cloud covering about 20 degrees, from which two glowing spherical objects with visible discs emerged with no further trails. One went northeast at a high rate of speed and rapidly vanished the other hung in the sky for about three minutes and then moved southeast, with less acceleration than the first ob! ject. Efforts to take pictures (we were catching a sunset with a P-900 and a D-5500, both Nikons) yielded fair shots of the cloud, but not the spheres- there were no discernable details visible by eye or digital images. There were no sonic booms or other noises associated with this sighting. ((NUFORC Note:  Missile launch.  PD));36.6217;-121.7935
High speed, high altitude star-like object.  ((anonymous report));2019-08-19 20:30:00;25 seconds;High speed, high altitude star-like object. We observed a very high speed, star-like object traveling in a south/west to north/west direction holding altitude.  This particular direction is uncommon for commercial aircraft along the central coast of california.  Miltary aircraft don't fly this particular direction at that altitude either.  That includes fighter jets or larger.  When they do fly higher, they leave trails with this object did not.  We observe military aircraft with  regularity in this area.  This object had no navigation lights and made no sound.  It appeared as a white to slightly orange color and except for its odd speed and altitude, looked similar to a star.  We were able to determine its height to be between 'two and three times' the altitude of commercial aircraft traveling along the south to north route, (so-cal to the bay area), by using cloud layers and other aircraft at the time of sighting, (appox 30,000-40,000 feet as I often watch them on the flightradar app),.  There were more than one commercial aircraft on the evening of sighting flying along the usual route.  The sky was extremely clear in places and commercial aircraft could be heard and navigation lights clearly seen on all aircraft.  We counted off the seconds and estimated the speed to be appox ten times that of commercial aircraft seen?  It held a straight line until out of sight - approx half the observable sky, in 10-15 secs.  Four family members observed it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));36.6217;-121.7935
