Two  flying triangle shape objects;2011-07-01 11:10:00;1min;Two  flying triangle shape objects Driving on South Bound highway 1 just before the Del Monte Blvd Exit into Sand City there were two objects flying closely together above the ocean at a low level for a couple minutes.   The objects were not airplanes they were triangle shape.   I was not able to take a clear picture since I was driving on the highway, when I was putting my phone on video mode I looked for them and they were gone. You need to really look closely into the image to distinguish the objects.  Since the picture was taken by cell phone.;36.6217;-121.7935
Triangular object seen in Seaside, California (same object seen in Redondo Beach on YouTube 2011);2012-06-20 21:20:00;15 minutes;Triangular object seen in Seaside, California (same object seen in Redondo Beach on YouTube 2011) My name is Christopher R.—I am a 54 year-old white male born February 5th, 1959 in Cleveland Ohio. On the evening of Wednesday, June 20th, 2012 (the end of the solstice) at approximately 9:20PM I had just finished walking my dogs in Marina, California and was looking for a place to get something to eat in nearby Seaside (Monterey County). I passed Jim’s Chinese Restaurant on Del Monte Avenue next to Cardinalli’s used car lot on Broadway in Seaside. I parked my truck on the side of the street containing the restaurant (across the street from the Dunes Bar). I exited from my truck. As I turned to make my way to Jim’s, I saw in the air above the Dunes Bar what appeared to be four large, burning, pumpkin-shaped balls (for lack of a better description) hovering stationary. The glowing balls in question soon revealed themselves to be anchored to a huge object in the shape of an isosceles triangle (approximately the size of a battleship). Three of the glowing balls were attached to the base of the triangle, while another appeared at the point (nose) of the object. The object soon began to move, following the uphill path of Broadway (southeasterly direction), cutting through the fog before disappearing into a cloudbank. As the object disappeared, I spoke to a black gentleman standing across the street from me: he, too, had seen the tail end of the object as it vanished, but he hadn’t acquired any footage of the event on his cell phone. I immediately called my friend Brian D. on my cell phone as I made my way back down Broadway towards Jose’s Mexican Restaurant across the street (near the Commerce Center). Proprietor Jose himself was standing outside and watering his lawn at the time, and I asked Jose if he had seen the object—he denied it. But just as I asked the question (with Brian still on the phone with me), the object reappeared in the sky directly above us. I urged Jose to get footage of the object with his cell phone, and he immediately began recording—however, he was reluctant to move from the cover of the streetlight above him. At that point, I raced over to the Dunes Bar and urged the customers inside to come out and see this object for themselves. Eventually, a crowd of approximately a dozen people formed on the street outside the Dunes Bar. One of the onlookers took a look at the object and voiced the opinion “Aw, man, it’s only a glider.” No sooner did he say this than the object shifted position and actually stood on its nose (still in midair) in front of all the witnesses (who were heard gasping simultaneously by Brian, still in contact on my phone). The craft (for that’s exactly what it was) then straightened out and resumed its journey up Broadway towards the same cloudbank in full view of everybody. The cloudbank itself seemed to be only half the size of the craft and did not appear to be capable of completely concealing the object—nevertheless, as the craft entered the cloudbank it seemed to “phase” itself completely out of view and did not re-emerge from the other side of the cloudbank. That was the last time I saw the craft that evening. After saying goodbye to Brian, I immediately called the local police, who denied any knowledge of any unusual aerial activity in the area. They informed me that I was not going to be able to call the airport tower to confirm any of this and eventually requested that I refrain from calling them again. They did, however, provide me with the phone number of the UFO Center (206) 722-3000.  	Brian D. later informed me that a total of six armed helicopters took off from the nearby naval base and appeared in the vicinity of the opposite side of the cloudbank previously described, circling the area with searchlights for over an hour.  	On Thursday, June 21st (after my conversation with the UFO Center) I returned to Jose’s Mexican Restaurant to request the footage he had acquired the previous night. I gave him the assurance of the UFO Center that he would remain the sole copyright holder and owner of the footage. Jose himself, however, was not at the restaurant—a contentious young man working there demanded to know my business with him before he would tell me where to find him. I explained the story to the best of my ability and repeated the assurance that no harm would come to Jose or to his footage—and that the sharing of said footage could be extremely beneficial to him in the future. The man then told me that Jose was at his other restaurant on Cannery Row.  	Several hours later, I finally reached Jose at his restaurant—unfortunately for the both of us, Jose seemed to have “forgotten” exactly how to use his own SmartPhone and retrieve the footage in question. With Jose’s apologies, I returned to the previous restaurant empty-handed. There, a young woman also in the employ of Jose’s Mexican Restaurant quietly informed me that the other man had reached Jose ahead of me and told him to refuse to give up the valuable footage to anybody—that I was merely a profiteer seeking to rip him off.  	This is a true and accurate account of the events of June 20th and 21st 2012, and I am prepared to submit to any form of lie detector test or any other proofs of veracity.  Sincerely,  Christopher R. June 22, 2012;36.6217;-121.7935
