Gold Orb Sphere Lunar Eclipse Narragansett, RI.;2015-09-27 21:30:00;2-3 minutes;Gold Orb Sphere Lunar Eclipse Narragansett RI About us:  I have lived in R.I. all of my life, and am in fairly good health.  My friend has also lived in R.I. all of his life, is self-employed and is also in good health. We both go to the beach quite often as we live only 10 minutes away. On the night of Sunday, September 27, 2015, my friend and I went to the Narragansett Town Beach on Route 1A, in the state of Rhode Island, at approximately 8:30 p.m. to view the lunar eclipse taking place. The moon was perfectly positioned out over the ocean for this viewing.  The parking lot for the Narragansett Town Beach was a little more than half full of cars.  There were not as many people at the beach as I had anticipated.  My friend and I easily parked, and found a nice place on the sand to spread out our blanket.  We choose a spot between the South Beach Pavilion and the entry to the Town parking lot. We laid back, used rolled up blankets as pillows, and viewed the moon, and the stars, and watched the lights from boats in the Atlantic Ocean, and saw the lights from planes flying overhead in the night sky.  We pointed out somewhat faint and unspectacular shooting stars to each other we saw 4 in total that shot a seemingly short distance across the sky, out over the ocean, and very soon disappeared. After laying back in the same position for so long, I felt the need to move to a new position.  The moon was only approximately ½ way into the eclipse, more or less. I did not check a clock when I was moving, so I can only judge the time, after my arrival to the beach, based on the approximate lunar eclipse progress. And so I sat up and turned, and as I did, I turned my head and torso towards the general direction of the parking lot as I moved.  The parking lot was behind us, and towards our right. A gold orb in the sky caught my attention.  Amazed, and jumping up to kneel in the sand, and without taking my eyes off the orb, I alerted my friend to the orb. Pointing in the correct direction, I said, “LOOK AT THAT! A GOLD ORB!  DO YOU SEE IT? DO YOU?”  He responded, “That’s not a plane.  Could it be a drone?”  I said, “ITS GOLD! DO YOU SEE GOLD?”  He replied, “Yes I do.” We had brought a red amateur telescope with us to view the moon.  He said, “Try to see it with the telescope.”  I grabbed it, and tried to see it, but this was not so simple for me because I have no experience using telescopes, and this is just a cheap telescope my grandmother was getting rid of, and gave to me, which I had never used.  Second, despite even the large size of the moon, trying to find the moon with this telescope and set the telescope in place, so we could take turns viewing, was hard for me and my friend. I quickly stopped searching through the telescope for the gold orb for these same reasons, and continued to watch the last few moments of the orb with my naked eyes instead. I observed the orb for approximately 2 to 3 minutes. It appeared to be a nearly perfect sphere. It was glowing the color of gold.  The center of it was the same color intensity as the edges of it. It was uniformly colored. It did not change color. It appeared bright, like it was emitting light. The emitting light was uniform across the entire orb.  The very edges of the orb along its fringe were well defined. I don’t know if the visible edge of the object was the object itself or if that was the edge of the light, either way it seemed fairly well defined. It did not appear to be lighting anything up around or beneath it that I could tell from where I was. It made no sounds that I noticed, but there were other people at the beach talking and watching the lunar eclipse, and the beach waves make their own sound, so these sounds may have interfered with my ability to detect additional sounds. I do not know if it was rotating, there was nothing discernable visually to me that would indicated that it was rotating or spinning. It was flying steadily and smoothly across the sky, neither slowing down, nor appearing to speed up. It traveled along in a horizontal path. It seemed to fly in a nearly straight line. It seemed to be flying in a linear direction. It did not seem to change course as it flew, except it might have gone on an ever so slightly more westward path than a northward one as it flew along, but this slight change in direction would be very difficult for me to be certain of without a compass. It seemed to be going towards the North, North-west. It did not appear to go higher or lower in the sky.  It was coming from my far left towards the general direction of my right, as I faced it. I was faced towards Route 1A with the Atlantic Ocean and the moon at my back. The flight path I saw the orb take appeared to begin towards the left side of Lake Canonche! t, past the general direction of Little neck Pond, towards the general direction of Pettaquamscutt Cove, until it flew out of my view. It appeared, from where I was, to be much larger than a star, and much smaller than the moon. I do not know how big it was or how far away it was. The best perspective I can offer is if I held up a softball, positioned it at arm’s length, and lined it up next to the flying gold orb in the sky, both the softball and the gold orb would have appeared to be nearly the same size if you stood next to me and then took a photograph. Some limitations of my observation are: I wear glasses, but did not have them on at the time. I am near sighted, with a astigmatism, but feel only a small improvement in my vision when I wear glasses, so small that I often go without them for just about everything. My friend does not wear glasses and has good eyesight.;41.4343;-71.4589
