Gold, teardrop, lunar eclipse, 9/27/2015, Narragansett, RI.;2015-09-27 22:00:00;2-3 minutes;Gold, teardrop, lunar eclipse, 9/27/2015, Narragansett, RI. A little about me:  I have been going to this beach for my whole life.  I used to sail with my Junior High School in nearby Point Judith.  And I have excellent vision.  My friend filed her own separate report on this incident. On September 27, 2015, at approximately 8:30 p.m., my friend and I drove to the Narragansett Town Beach on Route 1A, in the state of Rhode Island, to view the lunar eclipse. We were looking at the moon over the Atlantic Ocean.  My friend was looking off to our right and she asked me what I thought was in the sky. I sat up and turned around to face towards Lake Canonchet and saw the flying object. The flying object was colored more gold than orange. The very outer edge of the object looked like a lighter gold than what the rest of it was. The edges were a little bit hazy, that’s what made the little bit of color difference on the outer edge.  The object was not rotating or spinning.  It had to be at least 500 feet or more away from us.  It was moving very slowly. It was heading North-Northwest.  It took at least 2 or 3 minutes to go out of sight.  It was during the same time that the moon was ¾ covered by the eclipse, actually it was more like 7/8 covered by the eclipse. It did not stay in a straight line as it flew, instead it kind of rocked back and forth, but the rocking was not visible unless you were really staring at it.  The rocking was very hard to see. It continued rocking until it was out of our sight.  And it was not an airplane that we could tell because it had no airplane lights blinking. The object was slightly round and then it turned into a tear drop shape and looked a little narrower, like a tear drop laying on its side.  But my friend described it as an orb, and did not see the tear drop shape happen.  The point of it was on a 45 degree angle from us.  The point of it was the tail end. At some point I told my friend to look at it through the telescope. We had an old Tasco F=600mm D=50mm telescope, but she couldn’t line up the view because she said she couldn’t keep up with it, it was moving too quickly. It just looked like a tear drop going through the air, on a steady course, it just had a little sway to it.;41.4343;-71.4589
