Over a large music festival we spotted a circular object changing direction and speed, hovering and then disappear vertically.;2013-08-10 23:45:00;3-5 minutes;Over a large music festival we spotted a circular object changing direction and speed, hovering and then disappear vertically. On August 10, 2013, my wife and I were at the Shambhalah music festival near Salmo, BC. That fact alone discredits this story because it’s a very, very loud and bright festival with a lot of really drugged and crazy people doing crazy things, but I know what I saw and so does my wife, and so did the other four people who witnessed it. During the evening we went and found a dark corner of the festival to watch the meteor shower.  I am an avid sky watcher with a lifelong interest in astronomy and have spent most of my night life watching the sky through telescopes, binoculars and with my bare eyes, enjoying Auroras and having fun spotting satellites and aircraft and identifying  planets.   It was a pretty clear evening and the entire milky way appeared clearly and we were spotting meteorites at a rate of one or two every couple of minutes and had seen a half dozen satellites as well.  There was a light fog beginning to move in but the stars will still clear, it just made the stage lighting visible.   At approximately 11:45PM we simultaneously observed a light appear from the west, as though it had “just appeared” but neither of us were looking directly at that segment of the sky, rather noticed it in our peripherals. It was a steady, slightly off-white light which did not flicker, and had it been moving on a ballistic path I would have identified it as another satellite however it made a sudden turn to the north and decelerated.  We were stunned and both jumped up to our feet.   There were lighting effects from the music stages we had been watching, lasers and powerful stage lights, but those were clearly lighting effects and this was clearly an object.   Over the course of about 30 seconds it appeared to get bigger and brighter, as if coming closer.  It appeared to be about 1/10th the apparent size of the moon in the sky.  It tracked north during this time, slightly adjusting its path and varying in speed, eventually almost completely stopping.  It was definitely round from where we were but we could not distinguish any features.   There were no other lights.  The glow was soft and it did not cast a beam in any direction, as if it were above the fog. After a minute or two, I noticed a group of four people walking down the dark path towards where we’d been laying  and I ran over and interrupted them – “Do you want to see a UFO?”  They said “of course” and I pointed at it in the sky.  One of them used a flashlight to point at it and I said yes.  All four simultaneously said “oh… WHOA WHAT!?”  I was glad to have other witnesses who were as shocked as I was.  We all stood there for about another minute talking about its motion and trying to debunk it. Without a doubt in my mind, and the others agreed it was not a helicopter – its light, if it was a search light, would have been cast towards the ground, but did not cause the fog to glow at all, was omnidirectional and without glare and there were no red or green lights attached to it, but it was big enough that we could see the shape. The guy in the group with the flashlight told us that he had a buddy who could “call them down” using some kind of high powered light he has.  “They call it ‘Buzzing The Tower’” he told me.  “They come down to investigate.  He’s done it several times, and I’ve seen him do it too.  That’s pretty cool too man.”  We all laughed. Shortly after that someone said, “hey it’s leaving!” and in the matter of a few seconds it got smaller and fainter in a northwest direction.  Someone said “it looks like it flew off into space” and we all nodded and mumbled in disbelief. Someone else said “Did we just see that?  You saw that right?  That round light swerved around and hovered over Shambhalah and then blasted off into space?”   We all laughed nervously, shaken by the visitation.;49.2017;-117.288
