Close up encounter.;2004-08-15 11:15:00;15 minutes;Close up encounter. I was mowing grass in my back yard when I observed an object about 1 quarter mile away swinging back and further in the air.  There is a small lake in that area and it appeared to be directly over it.  I thought it was someone flying a large kite at first so I didn't think much of it and kept mowing the grass.   I made several more passes around the back yard when I noticed it was much closer and over the top's of the trees by the lake.  If it was a kite it would have been tangled in the trees at that point. I began to think it was a small plastic kids' swimming pool that the wind had picked up and it was swaying back and forth in the air....but there was no wind that day.  I took several more passes around the yard on the tractor when I noticed it was much closer now and was past the trees heading straight in my direction.  I stopped the tractor and got off and tried to make sense of what I was seeing.  I was trying to guess if it maybe an ultra lite but it was swinging 30 feet side to side so it could'nt have been that.  I realized at that point that it must be a UFO and ran inside the house to find our camera.  I searched all over the house for the camera but could not find it.  I went back outside and the object was about 300 feet from the house at this point. I ran to the neighbors houses on both sides on mine to try to get a witness but they were all at work.  I went back into the house and got the binoculars my wife watches birds with and got a good look at the craft.  I observed it fly directly over my next door neighbors house which is only 25 feet from my house and it was only about 40 to 50 feet in the air.  It did not make any noise at all and I got a real good look at it with the binoculars since I was only 50 feet away from it.  It was dull silver in color, about 30 feet from tip to tip and about 20 feet from nose to tail.  It was about 4-5 feet thick and had a black cockpit bubble on top like where a pilot would sit.  I did not see any seams in the metal or any writing on it.  After it past ! me I cou ld see the back of the craft which was concave and had what looked to be black slats where the propulsion system would be.  After it past me it tipped up to a 45 degree angle and started heading up and started going faster.  I watched it for another 1 minute as it stated speeding away.  I was watching it with the binoculars so it must have gone at least 40-50 miles in 1 minute before I coundn't see it any more.  When I first observed the craft above the lake to the time it got to above my neighbors' house took 10-14 minutes so it was moving forward at less speed that I could have casually walked the same distance. I have never seen anything before or after this time that I would classify as a UFO.  I was a Military Policeman in the Army for 9 years and also worked for a company after I got out of the military which made top secret parts for the military such as the stealth fighter and bomber and I know my aircraft. As for my Carmera tha dayI found out that my wife had taken it to ! work for employee appreciation day to take pictures for their in house news letter. I have not reported this incident until now because I had no proof of the encounter. That's my story. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));39.219;-84.1184999999999
