I was driving home from work east bound on rt.28 outside of Goshen OH when i caught sight of a group of helicopters flying in V formati;1993-08-20 02:00:00;5min?;I was driving home from work east bound on rt.28 outside of Goshen OH when i caught sight of a group of helicopters flying in V formation.They were flying in a southern direction,and were intersecting the road in front of me when i noticed these choppers or or aircraft were not more than a hundred feet from the ground and were absolutely noiseless.I also noticed the lights were a sort of cold flourescent light kind of different cant really say why but i could see they were illuminating the ground as though searching.You couldnt see beyond the lights  to see what they were connected to.What strikes me even more strange is i never told anyone until years later of this event.I was the only witness to this sighting and if I had a camera the pictures would have been closer than any Ive seen on any show or documentary.;39.219;-84.1184999999999
Fleet of UFOs over Goshen, Ohio...Summer 1994;1994-07-01 23:30:00;30 mins;Fleet of UFOs over Goshen, Ohio...Summer 1994 First off I must say that I wish I had reported this a long time ago, I would have if I knew how to go about it.  I'm reporting it now because I really would like to know if anyone else has seen anything like this in Goshen before or since.  Would love to compare notes.  Anyway... here's the story. It was about 11:30 at night on a clear starry night in late summer.  My girlfriend at the time and I were driving down ST. RT. 28 heading out of Goshen towards Blanchester.  Just to give you a better image of where we were, Goshen is farmland and out past the town it becomes a long stretch of road with forest and fields pretty much everywhere you look. My girlfriend was asleep in the passenger seat when I noticed a very bright row of white lights in the sky ahead and off to my left.  These lights were bright enough and just about the right height that I at first passed them off as stadium lights until I remembered that we had already passed the high school about 10 minutes before. Not being familiar with the area I woke up my girlfriend and pointed to the lights to see if she knew what it was.  She, like myself, was clueless.  Both of us kept our eyes glued to these lights as we drove further down the road.  At the distance we first noticed it... we didn’t notice any deviation in the brightness of the lights or any movement from the object until we got closer.  At that point we could see a sort of oscillating effect to the lights that made it look as if they were rotating around the object.  When we noticed this, honestly I began to get a bit excited.  I had always heard about UFO's but had never seen one and the thought of seeing one was a rush.  But even then I wasn’t planning on tracking this thing down... I was interested but not THAT interested.  That is until I was getting really close to my turn off and realized that my route would take me right by the field this thing was in.  So it looked like we were going to get a closer look at this thing after all. I took a left onto Shiloh road... I think that's the name of the road.  However after turning left the object was on my right hand side about a football field away and few hundred feet in the air (guessing on the distances).  Just after turning off we saw a little gravel driveway near a broken down barn that went a short distance into the field.  Both our curiosities were really peaked at this time so we pulled in, shut the car and radio off and watched. What we saw was amazing, the object was so dark that all we saw was the lights that ran around its perimeter, we couldn’t make out a shape yet, but watching its maneuvers was enough.  It would sit horizontal with its lights seemingly rotating around it, extremely bright but not so much you could look at it.  Then, its lights would dim down and stop “rotating”, it would shift from horizontal to a roughly 30 degree angle and shoot straight up in the sky and back down again in a matter of seconds but in a different spot within the field.  It would then settle fully horizontal and its lights would return to how we first saw them.  At no time did this craft seem to notice or care we were there, there were times when it would move that it would come close enough that we could hear a pulsating humming sound coming from it. All in all, we stayed and watched this for about 1/2 an hour and never did either one of us have a sense of fear, we felt totally safe (whether we were or weren’t).  While we sat there though, we noticed several other object at varying distances all pulling the same kind of maneuvers, bringing the total to about 8 UFO's in that area.  We really got the impression that they were searching for something or practicing maneuvers? Who knows. Finally we decided to leave before we pushed our luck.  On the drive home my girlfriend noticed that one of the objects was moving in our general direction.  Not so much following as we had a good idea that the direction it was going would take it really close to her home.  Her Dad happened to have a good set of binoculars so when we got there we ran back outside with them and took a look up as it went by.  What we saw was a dark triangle with 4 lights, 3 in the corners and one larger one in the center each having a yellowish/white light underneath.  In fact the picture of the Triangular UFOs from Belgium look almost identical to what we saw. So there's my story, I would love to hear from anyone that might have seen anything similar.  Granted this was 10 years ago, but I'm betting that if anyone else saw this it would have stuck in your mind as much as it has mine. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));39.219;-84.1184999999999
Triangle shaped craft on state route 28 at the Garrison Spurling rd intersection;1994-07-21 23:15:00;5-10 min;Triangle shaped craft on state route 28 at the Garrison Spurling rd intersection I wouuld first like to say I made an earlier report that was errant in the time frame that it occured.I gave this information on my best estimation a few years ago,but upon my visit back to this site I noticed another account that occured not more than a couple of miles from where I had my encounter and even less crossing the field as the craft was.Im amost certain the other witness viewed the same craft on the same night I did.The craft I viewed was crossing state rt 28 at Garrison Spurling rd crossing the fields heading in a south westerly direction.I first spotted the V shaped formation of lights coming across the fields from the north eastern side of state rt 28 at a distance of maybe 1500 yds and I believed at first sight that this was helicopters flying in formation,but upon listening out my window I noticed there was no sound coming from these lights so i pulled my car over at the Garrison Spurling rd intesection where I was going to turn enroute for home and it crossed over state route 28 in front of me.The lights were a V shaped and though they were not more than a hundred yards in front of me at little more than tree top high they didnt make a sound,it was like they were floating.The lights were very bright and large one on each corner of the triangle.I watched the formation until it was out of sight heading in a south westerly direction towards Shiloh rd where I believe the other witness viewed these lights on possibly the smae night as I.I tried to follow the formation on Garrison Spurling rd but the formation continued on its way across the feilds and I lost sight of it.;39.219;-84.1184999999999
