Witnessed an orange, yellow, white with red glow UFO on June 29th, 2012, slowly desending in Parkville Maryland.;2012-06-29 23:30:00;45 seconds;Witnessed an orange, yellow, white with red glow UFO on June29th,2012 slowly desending in Parkville Maryland. I saw this on June 29th 2012,@ approximately 11:30 PM. There had just been a horrible thunder and electrical storm. We lost power and I was sitting,reading by candle light alone in the living room.  Thinking I heard people talking outside, I went to the door to see what damage there was (and who was talking). Instead I was amazed to see this ball of orange/red glowing light. It was mid sky and desending slowly. It was close enough for me to see rings of color, white inside,yellow,and orange with a glow of red.  In less than a minute it disappeared behind the tree/building line.  I waited for an explosion or something but nothing happened. It appeared to be landing or was very close to the homes. It made no noise, there were no street, home or business lights on anywhere during, before or after this time as we had a massive power failure that last for days. After it disappeared I waited for a couple of minutes and ran upstairs to tell my son. I didnt get a pic b! ecause I wouldnt have had enough time but a few days later I began searching the internet for someone else who may have seen it. On the 4th day I found 2 different videos taken from separate areas/people in my state. The first one was exactly what I had seen. I was thrilled to see it and to know I wasnt the only one who witnessed this(these?)that night. The second video was really remarkable as well. The colors from both of the videos and what I saw were the same. Circles of color, white, yellow, orange with a red glow.  I am a ((deleted--50's)) year old currently disabled woman.I used to be a Business Development Manager for ((deleted)) companies.  I injured myself 2 years ago and had back surgery. I am married and have been living in the home I own for XX years.  I have one son who is XX.;39.386;-76.54
