Multiple lights executing strange maneuvers by darting back and forth, blinking on and off and moving in geometric patterns.;2012-07-18 01:00:00;20 or 30 minutes;Multiple lights executing strange maneuvers by darting back and forth, blinking on and off and moving in geometric patterns. I was vacationing in Homer, Alaska, with my family on the night the incident happened.  I guess I’ll give a little context to my story.  My parents, brother and sister-in-law took one of those cruises from Vancouver up the Pacific coast and I flew in from Houston to meet up with them in Anchorage for some sightseeing and fishing.  We spent a couple nights in Talkeetna and Seward before going on to Homer for the last three nights of our trip. 	Anyway, we rented a nice House that sat on a little bluff above the Sterling Hwy on the outskirts coming in to the town of Homer.  It had a great view of the town, bay and mountains around Homer.   At approximately 1 am on July 18, 2012 I was relaxing in the hot tub the house had on its ground level deck when I noticed what was at first very faint lights I thought were satellites.  But quickly I realized that they were not satellites, at least not ones of any conventional variety that I know of because the lights increased and decreased in their luminosity significantly while at the same time executing what almost looked like geometric patterns coupled with darting movements in the same general vicinity of sky. 	I know what satellites look and move like and they sure don’t dart back in forth like these things did.  I know what iridium flares look like as well and I’m almost 100% certain what I saw and photographed was not that.  The lights also seemed to flash in and out in different positions in an instant.  Anyway I continued watching whatever this was for a couple more minutes when the thought finally occurred to me to go in and get my camera to take some pictures so that’s what I did.  It probably took me two or three minutes to towel off a little and run in and get my camera ready.  I took 15 photos between 1:07:09am and 1:10:45am according to the time stamp on the photos.  Some were taken seconds apart and show nothing in the sky and then in the following photos something is streaking across sky. 	The vantage point of the photos was from me on my back laying down on the deck and looking up and to a general southwest direction.  In some of the photos part of the roof of the house is present as are a couple of trees.  I took one photo almost all the way zoomed in and the rest were taken at basically the same zoom.  The only thing I did to the photos is to hit the enhance color button in the iPhoto application on my MacBook Pro but I still have the originals on my digital SD card. 	After I took the photos I took the camera back inside and tried to look at the photos on my little digital screen on the camera but they just looked dark and I didn’t notice that I captured something strange that correlated with what my eyes were seeing until I got back home and pulled them up on my computer.  I did however go back outside after taking the photos and continued to watch the dancing lights for about 10 more minutes until I sort of freaked out upon the sudden realization that the rest of my family is asleep and I’m out here alone watching god knows what.  So I went inside and tried to go sleep.;59.5381;-151.2401
