dark road....felt strange.....triangle.....;2000-11-07 00:10:00;<5 seconds, and many mins;dark road....felt strange.....triangle..... okay to start off me and a few friends were driving to a friends house off the old sterling highway and me and one of these friends are both abductee's (call him friend C).....as we headed down the road he said he had a strange feeling....which we just passed off as nothing....we we got to our friends house I was starting to feel like I needed to go....so I told my friends I was having an anxiety atack and I needed to head home (I have an anxiety problem) on our way back down the road about where my friend said he felt wierd I noticed a triangle in the sky....about the diameter of a fist and a half.....if it wasn't moving it was about 20 feet above tree level....but it might have been moving...here in alaska it's dark that late...the outline was only visable because I could see the stars get blocked out when the object got in their path but it had three bright bluish white lights at the corners.  the me and friend C and another friend (who knew that we were abductees...we trust him...Friend A) all kind freaked out and were driving down an icy road at about 50 looking out the windows for what I saw....then as I drove friend C home that night Friend A noticed something up on the hill very brightly lit....too large to be a house....atleast a couple hundred yard wide/long....didn't get too good a view on it cause well it was from the side....but it had structure to it.....I didn't go check it out cause like I said I'm an abductee....and into keeping as much distance as possible...thanks ((NUFORC Note:  We presume that the witness means ten minutes past midnight, 0010 hrs.  PD));59.5381;-151.2401
Plane seems to disappear over Kachemak Bay.;2014-05-14 17:45:00;5 minutes;Plane seems to disappear over Kachemak Bay. It was a clear blue sky day.  Weds at about 5:45 pm we stepped outside to fly a RC plane out East End Road, outside of Homer, within the first few laps i saw what appeared to be a jet, 5000' +, heading north, & seeing the bottom view of the plane located over Kachemak Bay, noticed no contrail, then noticed the sun gleaming off plane, and noticed it was at different elevation & different heading, saw more like the side of the plane heading more of a NE direction, 1000' more or less, the next second it had vanished! it was like it had stealth ability, we had watched it heading in our direction for about a few minutes, then it was gone!  basically right over Kachemak Bay.  WTF?   Did anyone else happen to see this?  If you put your arm out it was about 1/2 in size or so , close enough to see it there, then gone, there was no clouds, nothing to block view of area in sky ! to weird..;59.5381;-151.2401
Floating pretzel-shaped object over town, scanning laser.;2015-01-06 07:50:00;3 minutes;floating pretzel shaped object over town, scanning laser 8 year old daughter spotted a light in the sky while waiting for school bus and alerted me. We observed a faintly illuminated object of undeterminable size, floating or hovering overhead and slightly to the south.   We both agreed it was ‘pretzel’ shaped with a single amber light at or near the bottom center.  A green laser beam was seen scanning through trees and over buildings in the nearby vicinity.  Center of laser arc was definitely the floating object and nothing ground based.   No sound was detected from the object.  Object disappeared while I went to find more witnesses and the school bus approached.  Skies were clear, winds calm, suburban area at beginning of morning rush hour.  Stars visible, full moon had just set.;59.5381;-151.2401
