Observed 5 white lights approaching from thenorthwest at what appeared to be a low levelbut rising as they approached.  3 lights infron;1997-03-13 20:30:00;3 to 5 Minutes;Summary : Observed 5 white lights approaching from thenorth west at what appeared to be a low levelbut rising as they approached.  3 lights infront in a triangular pattern, followed by 2 lights to the rear forming large triangle. Lights went out as passed over. No sound. The lights moved at a relatively slow pace incomparison to commercial jet traffic in thearea and as the lights passed overhead theywent out as though they were all on the fronte dges of the object and were obscured by the object as it passed.  All lights were uniformin size and all appeared white.  Path of travel would seem to be from the area of Kingman, Arizona passing just west of Chino Valley and on toward Prescott Valley.  Path would be slightly north and east of the Prescott airport Love Field. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates a time of 11:33, but does not specify whether am or pm.  We have arbitrarily assigned what we feel is the correct time of the event, which was approximately 2030 hrs. on 13MR97.  PD));34.7729;-112.4736
3 lights in evening sky. One fades away and other two fly playful formation;2020-06-24 20:47:00;2 minutes;3 lights in evening sky. One fades away and other two fly playful formation An unusual light in the sky drew my attention so I continued to watch it for 15-20 seconds (noting that it did not seem to have any blinking lights that conventional aircraft are required to have by law ). Craft was on a south to north heading and by the feel of the motion and brightness of the object, It seemed to be quite high in altitude.  Which struck me as odd because it was moving across the sky at a faster pace then any jets that I commonly see in the day/night sky.  The craft would also do these very smooth and consistent horizontal sweeps as it flew. Back and forth from left to right and back again.  Almost playful really... Suddenly the craft turned a very bright light downward towards the ground.  Seemed as bright as fog lights on a jetliner, but no jetliner i know of has their foglights mounted on such a swivel as to be able to point from the front of the craft to the bottom. Shortly after the light was shone downward, the craft quickly faded in brightness until I lost sight of it.  It either blinked out of existence or simply turned all the crafts lights off.  Hard to tell really. My attention was immediately diverted to another two craft, identical to the first, not very far away in the evening sky.  These two craft were very interesting.  Upon first glance of the two craft, I could immediately tell that one craft was travelling at much higher speed ( again , north to south heading ) than its counterpart.  The thing is though... the slower of these two craft was still traversing the night sky faster then any plane or jet that commonly fly these skies. As they came directly overhead ( at similar high altitude of first craft ) the two craft were weaving left and right in graceful sweeping arcs.  With the speed and fluid grace they displayed, it again felt as if they were playing.  Almost similar to how two small birds may interact with each other mid-flight. As the two craft continued travelling northbound, I was suprised to see the craft in 2nd place gaining, and eventually overtaking the craft that was previosuly winning what i then considered to be a playful race between the two lights.  The two craft flew far enough for me to lose sight of them about 25-40 seconds after first seeing them. I am no ufo enthusiast nor conspiracy theorist. I dont believe in farfetched ideas about aliens and their possible agendas.  I am simply a man who has seen something highly unusual and suspicious in the sky.  Was it aliens?  Who's to say.  But I can say the lights showed no conventional signs of normalcy for aircraft.  From the speed and maneuverability, to the nature of their flightpath.  (sorry , have no footage. and in truth, any footage taken wouldve been your run of the mill, blurry lights on a drab black pixelated background ). Thank you for your time. And thank you for what your organization is attempting to accomplish.  Cheers;34.7729;-112.4736
