3 witnesses of  3 flying objects at close distance and several hours of lost time.;1987-08-15 16:00:00;5 hours;3 witnesses of  3 flying objects at close distance and several hours of lost time. the date is approxamate. i was walking with a friend and her 10 year old daughter. we were about five miles west of the highway in the morgan ranch area. my friend was named dottie and her daughter, missy. dotty was a very level headed person and though fascinated with stories about metaphysics quite skptical. i was talking to her and she and her daughter were listening. she interupted me by calling my name and said, what's that? i said, i don't know to our left about ten feet away and eight feet off the ground were three sphears, each about five feet across and forming a triangle. they were amber red. the next thing i knew we had turned and were side by side, the three of us, facing them but i don't remember changing possitions. we stared at them blankly and i was mezmorized and lost conciousness.  suddenly i regained conciousness and i was still standing and staring and the girls were right where they had been. we stared a moment and then suddenly the objects began to moveaway from us at great speed. they moved in a straight line and remained the same distance from the ground, ducking into valleys and over ridges until it disapeared behind granite mountain into granite mountain   wilderness. in silence as if nothing had happened we walked to my home. we went inside and sat by the fireplace. we said nothing for several moments. dottie then said, we have to be getting home and left with her daughter. the sighting occoured at about 4pm and i estimate it was now about 8:30 pm. (16:00 - 20:30) to this day i have no recolection of what occoured during that time. from that day forward, though we still had contact niether the adult dottie or her 10 year old daughter would discuss the matter with me. i do not give thier last names here for the sake of their privacy as i have lost track of them many years ago. dottie was a home maker and her daughter was a 5th grade student and both were perfectly normal individuals. i, myself did odd jobs back then and construction work for people building their own homes as well as ranch and farm work. i am a vetran of the us army and a former security guard at juvinile detention as well as a former nursing assistant. i can be contacted at davewitt_ohio@yahoo.com  should anyone know of a dependable hypnotist i would like to find out what happend during the several lost hours.;34.7729;-112.4736
Bright white orb below cloud level pulsates, then disappears, heading North towards I-40;2013-07-22 20:00:00;3 seconds;Bright white orb below cloud level pulsates, then disappears, heading North towards I-40 Bright white orb faded into and out of sight, pulsating once and disappearing, at realitively high altitude while still below cloud level.  Orb was in the northeastern portion of the sky moving north towards I-40.  The pulse was bright enough to distract or attention from the road even with high beams on. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.7729;-112.4736
