Bright light zig-zagging through sky.;2002-08-06 22:00:00;3 to 5 seconds;Bright light zig-zagging through sky. While camping in Michigan's western upper peninsula, approximately 10:00 p.m., CST, I was watching for Perseid meteors. I suddenly noticed a very bright light which I estimated to be in the -2 to -4 magnitude range, traveling in a SSW to NE direction through the constellation Ophiuchus. It moved in a zig-zagging, back and forth manner, at very high speed. At least 2 to 3 times the speed of satellites I had observed, and about 1/2 the speed of a meteor. Within 3 to 5 seconds, the object disappeared behind the trees. Altitude: Very high. Earth orbit, or near earth orbit. Size: Apparently very large. Possible dark or hollow center. Couldn't tell for sure. Also on the same night, I saw at least three bright flashes of light in differant locations, at differant times. These were very brief, lasting only 1/2 to 1 second each time.;46.2542;-89.2108
Mystery Light in Northern Michigan;2003-11-15 18:00:00;2 hours;Mystery Light in Northern Michigan I am intrigued by the possibility that we are being visited by strange beings. After reading many of the reports on your sight specifically where lights in the sky are concerned, I thought you might be intrested in hearing about the Watersmeet Mystery Light. Though not considered a UFO this occurance is considered a Ghost Light that seems very simmilar to many of your reported UFO lights. The Mystery Light is located 11 miles north of Watersmeet Michigan on an abandonded railroad grade, in the middle of the National Forest. First reported in the 1940's this strange light appears on a nightly basis From sundown till dawn.This light comes and goes as if to have a mind of its own. The light has been seen above and within the tree line, I have seen the light change from white to red numerous times. I live in the Chicago area and have visited this sight on many summer trips to the upper penninsula of Michigan.There are other areas in the U.S. where similar sightings are observed Marfa,Texas / Gurdon Arkansas / The White Mountains in North Carolina. I am entering this information as a possible explanation for some of reported sightings of strange lights in your files. There is one problem: These Mystery Lights ( though easy to witness ) are also unexplained.;46.2542;-89.2108
