Strange light above San Francisco Bay;2001-09-04 23:00:00;Over 30 minutes;Strange light above San Francisco Bay My girlfriend and I noticed a bright light outside her bedroom window at approximately 11:00pm on September 4. The light, about the size of Venus, appeared in the eastern sky, about 25 degrees over the horizon.  It flashed white, red, yellow and green.  As we watched, the light began bobbing up and down in variants of about 3 degrees from center position, then rapidly shifting to a similar left-right motion.  It continued doing this for at least 30 minutes.  Several planes flew near the light in a north-south direction, likely headed to SF Airport while it was in the sky - this light was far different from the plane lights.  We watched until falling asleep.;37.8940016393443;-122.530442622951
Wedge-shaped group of multiple amber lights enter field of vision of binoculars, dart about, interact with aircraft.;2002-07-18 21:30:00;30 seconds;Wedge-shaped group of multiple amber lights enter field of vision of binoculars, dart about, interact with aircraft. Just after dark I was looking at an aircraft through binoculars as it passed over Mt. Tamalpais. Suddenly, into the field of view from upper right came a rapidly descending wedge-shaped or V-shaped formation of about half a dozen amber orbs or balls of light. They dispersed instantly and then I could see several of them individually darting about in rapid straight-line moves, changing direction radically and instantly by 90 degrees or so. One of them appeared to move upward to where the aircraft was moving along slowly, then zipped away again, though these lights could have been much further away. After a few seconds of these highly unusual movements they disappeared. I believe them to have either been some US military test of antigravity vehicles or something like that, or they were UFOs. ((FOLLOW-UP COMMUNICATION WITH WITNESS)) Hi, Peter, Yes, I am sure that the evening of July 18 was when I saw the bizarre phenomena over Mt. Tamalpais here in Marin County, California. I wrote down the basic information the next morning, but the press of other things caused the delay in reporting it to you. (I enjoy hearing you on the Jeff Rense program, and I am really appreciative of the work both of you are doing.) Some additional background information:  The aircraft (assuming it WAS an a/c) that I had cause to look at through binoculars had a (to me) unusual appearance, though possibly explainable. Rather than the usual landing lights of airliners approaching the Bay Area from the west or northwest, this a/c had one very large, very bright light in front, and a single flashing light on the tail. It seemed to be moving very slowly. It might have been a helicopter, but night had fallen and it wasn't possible to see its configuration. I could not determine how close it was or how close were the multiple ufo's that then entered the picture. The reason I was ready with binoculars when the aircraft appeared was because I had seen another bizarre-looking phenomenon four nights prior to that, on the 14th. The 18th was the first time I had a chance to keep my eye on that view of the mountain, since I had had to work late elsewhere the nights of the 15th, 16th, and 17th. On the evening of the 18th I had an intuitive flash to keep an eye on that view, a not unpleasant task, as there was a bright sunset and the mountain was spectacular silhouetted against the sky. Here are my notes about the July 14th phenomenon, written on the 16th:  I did record on tape my immediate impressions of a bizarre phenomenon with a (probable) military aircraft night before last. To try to remember from this distance, as I sit looking out and up at Mount Tamalpais and the western/southwestern sky, the images I saw. There had been an earlier inundation of chemically induced clouds, well-mixed off the coast with available moisture, thus more filled out, less sinewy or webby. It provided for a particularly colorful sunset which in its late stages I was studying through the field glasses for any more tell-tale signs of manmade origin. Just then a silhouetted a/c came into view, seemingly above the eastern flank of the mountain. As it flew over the summit it started emitting illuminations, very flame-like at times [the bluish color of natural gas flame], the likes of which I have never seen nor heard. One of the projections of this luminous material appeared beneath the fuselage. It was very large and had a definite circular shape but it looked three-dimensional, that is, the luminous mass sagged or stretched downward like a huge bubble of light.  Then, after various smaller flickerings, perhaps near the engines, a plume of the luminous material emitted from the tail of the plane, starting small and billowing out into a parachute-shaped light. the plane stopped doing any more of this and seemingly at about the same time altered its course (to port) and left the area. It had a small tail boom. Has anyone else reported phenomena around here during that period? I am told that there is a MOA (Military Operations Area) off the coast, but I haven't had access to an aeronautical chart to see if the orbs I saw on the 18th could have been in that direction.   Thanks for your interest. Let me know if there is anything else I can do. Sincerely,  ((name deleted)) ((END)) ((NUFORC Note:  No missile launch from Vandenberg AFB reported for this date.  PD));37.8940016393443;-122.530442622951
