Witnesses saw first 3, then 4, and 5, and a total of 7 amber lights above the Fair, in a rectangular formation.  ((anonymous report));2018-07-28 21:00:00;20 minutes;Two witnesses were walking to the beach near the fair that West Haven has going on this weekend, near Altschuler Beach.  As they approached the Ferris Wheel and the bright lights of the Fair, they saw first 3, then 4, and 5, and a total of 7 amber lights above the Fair, in a rectangular formation, high enough in the sky that one witness said to the other, “do you think these are drones”?  The other witness said that they appeared too high in the sky to be drones.  They shifted the rectangular formation and moved but there was no pattern to their movement.  They were quite bright.  At first, the thought occurred that these were some aerial part of the Fair.  But the lights could fade and disappear within seconds, leaving only 3, and then finally 1 and that one disappeared.   The lights also seemed to go far higher very quickly.  Witness 1 wondered why no one at the Fair seemed to be looking up.  Witness 2 asked someone at the Fair about these lights and that person reported to Witness 2 that he saw them, and didn’t know what they were.    They were completely gone for about 10 minutes and all of them came back in a similar linear/rectagonal form and then moved and then each one disappeared, except one of them.  Witness 1 had to urinate and was searching for a portapotty, but first saw a row of about 4 truck cabs that were parked at the Fair and was thinking of urinating there, but looked up and sure enough there was 1 amber light moving slowly towards the trucks high up.  Witness 1 decided it was not the best idea to urinate there and before he/she found a portapotty, the light completely disappeared.  The motion was not like any type motion that Witness 1 ever saw before. Witness 2 was not very impressed at the sighting.  “Even if this were aliens, so what,” she/he said.  Witness 1 was very impressed at the sighting but both witnesses are rather concerned that there was no one they felt they could make this report to.   That is the entirety of the report.  By 22:00 H there seemed no chance these objects would! return. Both witnesses walked home.;41.2686;-72.9651
