the craft sat motionless in the air for about 10 minutes, and then shot off at incredible speed.;2008-03-16 02:00:00;about 10 minutes;the craft sat motionless in the air for about 10 minutes, and then shot off at incredible speed. It was around 2:00 am. My friend and I were talking when my dog started crying. I figured he wanted to go outside so me and my friend took him for a walk. We brought him over by an abandoned house and he stopped. No matter what I did he wouldn’t budge. That’s when my friend pointed out an object in the sky.  It was northwest of where we were standing. It had three white lights in each corner of the craft. There was also a red aura emanating from it. I was in the air force and am used to seeing aircrafts, but this is something I had never seen before. I’m even fond of the crafts they are developing today and couldn’t recognize this craft. It sat in the air, motionless for about 10 minutes from what my friend and I saw, and then shot off at unbelievable speed. I could not believe my eyes, and was scared to talk about it to anybody. My friend and I kept it to ourselves until now. You are the first to hear this story.;41.2686;-72.9651
Strange light high in the sky over the water several times a week.  ((NUFORC Note:  Planets in eastern sky?  PD));2015-10-30 02:30:00;2 hours;Strange light high in the sky over the water several times a week. I live at one of the highest points in West Haven so I have a clear view of the coast for many miles. For several months I have noticed a strange light high in the sky (at least once or twice a week and sometimes more often) that seems to be over the water.  It’s a very bright flickering light that looks diamond shaped sometimes and triangular in shape other times.  I’m not sure what town it’s actually over but I assume it might be New Haven but could be as far away as Branford or even Guilford.  I usually see it between 2am and 4am and it’s usually out there for at least 1 hour before disappearing. It’s always high in the sky and does not move for that particular night, however every night that I see it, it’s not always in the same location that it was the prior night when seen.   For the past 2 nights there were 2 of these lights out there not far from each other.  I’m really not sure what these lights are but there is something out there and just wanted to report it.;41.2686;-72.9651
