Shiny saucer shaped object hovering near Creve Coeur Lake.;2011-10-23 13:30:00;2-3 min's;shiny saucer shaped object hovering near Creve Coeur Lake. I was driving home down Creve Coeur Mill Rd past the lake listening to a program on the radio  when something shiny came into view up in the sky.  It was hovering in the sky, it didn't fly by me. I think I had about a 2-3 minute view as I was driving, before the trees blocked my view.  I was seeing it at about a 67 degree angle on the horizon past the southern end of the lake, past the trees.  It was a really sunny, clear day, only a few clouds, and it was hovering below the clouds.  As I was driving I kept watching the thing and I thought  it must be a dad out flying an inflatable with his kid somewhere around the lake.  But, the shiny thing did not move or waver or flutter in the wind, and it was pretty big. Then I thought it must be a blimp.  I'm not a good judge of size or distance, but as I got closer I could see that it was not moving, it had a distinct saucer shape (two saucers on top of each other) the top was very shiny and the bottom was dark or in shadow.  It appeared to be larger than a car, but as I got closer I decided it was not the shape of a blimp or as large as a blimp.  I wanted to pull over, but the road didn't have a good place to pull off, and I figured that once I got around the trees I'd get a better view of it and there would be a place to park  down the road.  But, when I got around the trees, it was gone.  I don't think the object was right above the lake, or the trees, I think it was off in the distance and it must have been pretty big.  Larger than a car or a semi-truck, but smaller than a blimp, I'm sure.  I didn't see any lights, just the shape of it and the shiny reflection.  I thought I saw panels on it that were reflecting the sunlight.  From where I was driving south on Creve Coeur Mill Rd, it appeared to be close to Olive/Clarkson Rd, right around where the 141 construction is going on.  I'm asking myself why a UFO would be in that area.  It would have had a view of the Missouri River bottom on one side and Hwy 40-141 on the other side.  There are many large electrical lines running through that area. Also, it would not have been too far to see the Chesterfield Airport.;38.65925;-90.4514
