It was large, fast,  transparent, only two hundred yards away, and made absolutley no sound at any time.;1996-09-04 21:30:00;20 Minutes;It was large, fast,  transparent, only two hundred yards away, and made absolutley no sound at any time. I had just gotten home from my aerobics class (I was getting in shape to go elk hunting) and I was unloading grocerices. It was calm, starry night with light winds. I was going back and forth from my truck to the house carrying groceries and I noticed this triangle shaped object over on the rock quarry property hovering vertically. It made no noise, had three lights, and was totally transparent. As I went to the truck for another load of groceries, I noticed that this object was moving closer to the house. I went into the house and put the groceries on the counter and went back outside and stood on the patio and watched this object, still hovering vertically, approach the house and stop about two (200) hundred yards away from me. This was a perfectly still night and I could still hear the crickets chirping, yet, I could not hear any sound coming from this object that was about as wide as two of my trucks placed end to end. The top left and bottom lights were white, but the top right light turned from white to red and then to orange. I could literally see the stars through this object it was totally transparent. I stood there and watched this object for about five (5) minutes before I went over to my truck and called my friend, Chris. When I moved towards the truck, which was about twenty five (25) yards away, this object moved so that it could look at me with an unobstructed view. I called my friend then I called my Mom and told them what I was looking at. I don't lie about anything-period-and they knew that I was serious. After I got off of the phone with them, I watched this object for another five (5) minutes and did something that truly blew my mind, as if seeing this thing wasn't enough. This object, still hovering constantly, made a vertical move, then a downward move, and then took off at the speed of light. It was gone. No trails. No streaks. Gone in an instant. Vanished. I stood there in total awe and then when I came to, I hopped in my truck and raced to the other end of the p! roperty to see if I could find any burn marks or other evidence. I found nothing. I immediately called the Belton Police Department and asked if there had been some reports of strange craft sighted between Belton and Peculiar. They said no. I then made a call to the Cass County Sheriffs office and asked them if there were any operations being performed either out of Whiteman Air Force Base or the old Richards Gebaur Air Force Base. They said no, and I responded, well, I just saw an ufo. The next day, even after investigating in the daylight, I found nothing.;38.8121000000001;-94.534
A black massive triangle shaped ufo with blinking orangish lights on each corner (3) was slowly hovering from the west heading east. Th;2020-11-10 23:37:00;3 minutes;A black massive triangle shaped ufo with blinking orangish lights on each corner (3) was slowly hovering from the west heading east.  The sky was clear and I was able to see the stars.  The ufo blacked out the stars and I could see the 3 corners of the craft continuously blinking nonstop.  The craft was obviously massive but oddly I heard no sound.  The craft suddenly but slowly changed direction and headed south.  After a few minutes the craft was out of sight.;38.8121000000001;-94.534
