I was on my pourch talking to my neighbor latr at nite.I looked up in the sky across the power lines about 1000 feet up and i saw a sma;1998-06-21 23:30:00;5 minutes;I was on my pourch talking to my neighbor latr at nite.I looked up in the sky across the power lines about 1000 feet up and i saw a small orange light. as i looked the light came closer at a speed of light and the object just grew instantly to a huge oval object. and sat there. my neighbor saw it and screamed. and ran inside. On the night of 6/21/98,at approximately 2330hrs.,I was sitting on my front pourch with my neighbor smoking a cigarette. I was looking in the sky off and on while we were talking and I noticed a bright orange square. It was very high in the sky but bright. As I watched it, all of a sudden it came forward at the speed of light and stopped. when it stopped,the lights shut off. The object was black. It was about 300 to 400 yards long and 5 to 10 stories tall.At this point I was very amazed at what i was looking at.I did not tell my neighbor about at first. everything that I have described so far I witnessed.As the object just sat there huvering in the sky above, it stayed dark for about 30 seconds,then solid bright orange lights turned on. on the side of the object. the were the size of a huge hollywood light. There were about 25 of them across the side of the object that was facing us.At this point i turned to my neighbor and saidOh my God, and she said, whats wrong, I said don't freak out but look up!As my neighbor looked up in the sky, she saw this huge oval shaped object with the orange lights on around it. then the lights started to blink in a rotating pattern, different lights at different times causing a strobe effect. my neighbor was scared at this point and ran in my house terrified.The object started to move slowly upward in the sky and then all of a sudden it just dashed away at the speed of light. The object was silent it did not make any noise at all. It was so Awesome it took my breath away.I know what all planes and military aircrafts look like i can name most of them. I can Tell airplanes apart at night from helicopters and stars and sattelites apart from them all.But for the first time in my life I BELEIVE!!!!!!!!I just got a computer in January. I just found your site today and decided to tell you my story. Maybe somebody will beleive me.;30.2954;-89.3843
Metallic oval-shaped UFO vibrating above house with light emitting from bottom two blocks off the Gulf Coast;2015-12-19 02:23:00;1 minute;Metallic oval-shaped UFO vibrating above house with light emitting from bottom two blocks off the Gulf Coast I had just left my friend's house and was in an elated mood. It was around 0230 in the morning.  I know this, because I pulled over and drew two pictures on my phone that are time-stamped immediately following my experience. I was heading northbound about to make a right turn that would have me parallel to railroad tracks approximately two blocks from the beach on the Gulf Coast.  About 20-30 yards before making my right turn, I suddenly noticed a very bright light above my car.  I remember thinking to myself, Where is this light coming from?  It appeared very suddenly and was extremely bright, almost blinding.  This blinding light caught my immediate attention, because I drove past this area almost every other night to see my best friend and this light was never there before.  Just as soon as I noticed the light, it was gone.  I take a right at a stop sign (now going northeast) and am now parallel with the aforementioned railroad tracks.  I went approximately 1.6 miles when I suddenly noticed what appeared to be a metallic saucer-like flying object in the sky appear before my eyes.  It was about 50 yards northwest of me, on the other side of the tracks, hovering above a big brown house.  I know exactly which house it was to this day which is why I can tell you exactly how far I drove.  There was light emitting from the bottom of the UFO going down in a V shape, like a tornado, over the house with the same hue of true white light that was above my car not long before.  I will now describe the UFO to you.  It was disk-shaped but fairly thick/tall/great in height.  Part of me wants to tell you to think of an oval as opposed to being flatter, like a disk.  There were lights going horizontally across the sides that repeated this pattern:  )•(  )•(  )•(  )•(  with the lights being only the center dots (white light) and the parentheses just being metallic accents in the structure itself.  What I remember extremely vividly is that while this object was stationary in mid-air above this two-story house, I could tell it was vibrating in place very strongly.  I watched this object hover over the house for what seemed like a minute, in reality probably only 10-20 seconds, while driving very slowly.  I was fixated on it.  I could not see anything inside the white light emitting from the bottom.  Then the UFO was just gone.  It didn't fly away quickly.  It didn't dart back into the sky above.  It didn't slowly disappear from sight as it got farther away or anything.  It was just gone before my eyes.  I couldn't believe what I had just seen, so I pulled over immediately to document it while it was fresh in my mind.  I opened up Snapchat because was the first thing I thought of to draw with since I had no pen and paper with me I drew two pictures.  One drawing is of my view, showing my car in relation to the UFO and the tracks, and the other drawing is of the UFO itself with all the detail I could place at the time.  I will be emailing you those two drawings plus a Google Maps image of where I was facing.  I'm telling this now because I've been too afraid to previously.  I've heard about the strange deaths/ disappearances of people who talk about these kinds of first-hand experiences so I was very deterred from telling anyone what I witnessed, even close friends.  I ask that if you choose to contact me, which I'm very open to, please either inform me beforehand or leave a voicemail for me to call you back, because I have a tendency to not pick up for numbers I don't know.  Thank you for your time.;30.2954;-89.3843
