Triangle shaped object hovering above the water.;1994-10-01 21:00:00;10 Minutes;Triangle shaped object hovering above the water. On approximately 10/01/1994 at around 21:00 hours, myself along with 3 other people were traveling together on T Hwy in a southern direction in Benton County, Missouri approximately 8 miles north of Warsaw, Missouri.    As we topped a hill heading towards a bridge named Tebo Bridge we all witnessed  a light hovering above the water on the east side of the bridge.  One of the persons in the vehicle made the comment about what that light is.   We continued in a southern direction and came upon the bridge and stopped our vehicle.  All of us exited the vehicle and stood there and watched this light just hovering approximately 50 feet higher than the bridge and approximately 1/8 mile east of the bridge.  The best way for me to describe this light would be is that it is similar to lights you would see on an airplane but it was a constant light, not flashing or anything of the sort. This object was below the ridge line that ran in a east/northeastern direction with the water, so I am confident of the approximate distance from us to the object.  It was very dark out and very difficult to see an outline of the craft.   The weather was calm outside and the big thing we noticed was that there was complete silence.  This craft made no noise.   After watching this object for approximately 10 minutes just hovering above the water it turned and was now pointing in a north direction.  As it turned to the north we saw another light on the rear of the craft.  Being that it was so dark outside it was very difficult to get an outline of the object, but to my best guess it appeared to be an almost triangle shaped. After the craft turned, it slowly started to move in a northern direction.  As the craft moved away from us there still was no sound coming from it.  We watched this craft moving away from us at a very slow speed until it evidentially went out of sight. In 1994 I was a Police Officer and had never witnessed anything like that before or since.  Some of my fellow Officers are members of the Air Force Reserve and I described what I had saw and was told that the Air Force has nothing like what I described.  My thought was that Whiteman Air Force Base is approximately 40 miles from the area where this event took place and the direction the object took was in a somewhat direction towards Whiteman Air Force Base. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the incident is approximate.  There was a very dramatic event that occurred on June 21, 1995, near Cameron, MO, which was very well documented by one of the police officers there.  The case involved three teenager, who were camping in a camp near Cameron, and all of whom reported the same experience to the police.  PD));38.2404;-93.3849
