Triangle Craft With Lights Spotted 6 Miles West Of Warsaw Missouri;2005-05-23 23:00:00;10 seconds;Triangle Craft With Lights Spotted 6 Miles West Of Warsaw Missouri Im approx 30 miles from Knob Noster, Missouri, home to about 25 Stealth Bombers.  I see what I think is the B1 Stealth Bomber heading south at 11pm as I stand in my driveway.  I feel pumped up and want to see it.  I've only seen the B1 a few times and never at night. It approaches close and low to the ground.  I see a white light glare coming over the trees.  I estimate the craft at 1000 feet above as I stand in a fairly small, hilltop clearing of an oak forrest.  As it gets closer, I notice a pointed front end.   White lights point directly down, like spot lights.  I now know it cannot be the Stealth Bomber.  Wow, I've never seen a Stealth Fighter.  As it reaches almost overhead, Im struck by the shape of the craft.  I see a perfect isosceles triangle.  The bottom of the craft shows shiney metalic.  I see 3 bright white lights running down each side of the triangle.  I try to see a cockpit that I can recognize.  I can't see it.  I see no cockpit.  Im stunned again by the perfection of the triange, the bright lights and now by the fact the craft moves surprising slow.  It passes overhead.  I see two oval exhast-like ports on the rear of the craft.  I see two fins sticking up from behind.  Those two fins resemble the stealth fighters two rear fins.  I cannot hear a sound coming from those exhast-like ports.   The back of the craft is straight, not jagged like the rear part of the wing profile of the Stealth Fighter or the Bomber.  It passes over the tree tops line out of sight.   I go to bed thinking I just saw the next new military plane.  The next morning, I notice that the electronic fish finder on my boat parked in the drive is strangely powered 'on' and running.  It dawns on me then that what I saw the previous night may not be military.  I later tried to identify what I saw through web research.  I found nothing military and could not identify what I saw.  Through the web reseach, I find Im not the only one that has seen a 'flying triangle.';38.2404;-93.3849
There was 3 lights in a triangle above lake for one minutes.  ((anonymous report));2018-08-27 21:27:00;3 minutes;There was 3 lights in a triangle above lake for one minutes then went out then was high in sky showed up again the room of in the ways but so fast light up my front yard. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));38.2404;-93.3849
