triangle shape,hovered over trees,bright lights at two corners and small ones at other that did not flash;2006-09-11 21:00:00;7 mins;triangle shape,hovered over trees,bright lights at two corners and small ones at other that did not flash I was driving west on U.S.10 inbetween the stark road exit and the M-30 exit, an object with very bright lights flew from the north side of the expressway and it appeared to be descending and I thought it was going to crash but it got over the treeline and as I drove on it banked sharply on the south side and stopped and hovered over the trees, by now I was pulling my truck over.  It was dark and raining, there were alot of traffic on both sides of the expressway, the object flew to the northeast and I watched it dissapear behind the tree line as I was standing outside behind my truck. It appeared to be triangle shaped and had large lights at two of its corners, one blue and the other white. They were intense and did not flash or pulsate. This did not make any noise even when I got out of my truck I could not hear it.;43.7242;-84.3907
Low flying triangle with 3 dull white lights in corners and a 4th larger dull white light in the center,  viewed for less than 1 minute;2007-02-01 20:45:00;30 seconds;Low flying triangle with 3 dull white lights in corners and a 4th larger dull white light in the center,  viewed for less than 1 minute I was out walking the family dog on a somewhat cold but not a bitterly cold evening. It was dark except for the street lights over the middle of the village street.  I was walking due east under a slightly overcast sky and I could only see only the brightest stars through the very thin layer of clouds.  I heard a dull but not at all loud, low frequency roar directly over my head and immediately thought it was a DC-9 or similar size commercial jet coming into the local MBS airport about 25 miles away. Small commercial airliners sometimes make a landing approach depending upon the strength and direction of the wind and can be seen overhead. However, as I looked up I realized I wasn't looking at the bottom of an airliner.  A triangular shaped object with 3 round glowing white lights and a fourth larger one in the middle of the 3 was about 1000 to 2000 ft off the ground.  It moved quickly in a perfectly straight line without any wobble or side-side movement at about 100-200 mph (this was also hard to estimate). The interesting feature was that the entire bottom was lighter than the darker sky and there was small red light that hung down slightly at the back of the object that hung down and was glowing steadily (not blinking).  The center round white light had a second ring around it and it was bigger overall than the three other lights at the corner of the object.  I’ve made a computer sketch of the object--I didn't have camera, just taking the dog out for a walk.;43.7242;-84.3907
