A very large, quiet, moving, object  with dim lit star like lights that formed a triangle like shape.;2001-10-16 20:30:00;5 minutes;A very large, quiet, moving, object  with dim lit star like lights that formed a triangle like shape. Star like lights that formed a large elongated triangle- 3 star lights {very dim} at each end and 3 more in the back. It moved slowly and quietly. It was very large too. I followed it for about 5 minutes, but it then seem to completely vanish from my view. You have a sigting on your front page described on  April 27 2001 with a drawing of the vessel. Everything is the same except for the speed. It is really eery but I also felt the same way, as if this vessel was invisible or being sneaky, because to be able to have seen this object, would seem to be impossibe, but I seem to be looking at the right spot at the right time. It caught my eye, because at first I thought it was three stars, but they were moving! Then I drove closer, stopped the car and got out of the car, and got a good look at it. It was definetly moving slowly, low and quietly. Then I got back in my car to follow it for about a minute, then I lost it eventually. It seem to vanish from my eyes. This was not an obvious thing to see until you realize it. Once I realized it was something large and not a plane that I know of, I was very nervous and excited and kept watching until I lost it.;43.7537;-87.9757000000002
A large quiet moving object that has dim star like lights that formed a triangle like shape.;2001-10-16 20:30:00;5 minutes;A large quiet moving object that has dim star like lights that formed a triangle like shape. Star like lights that formed a large elongated triangle. At each end was a dim star like light and three in the back. It moved slowly, quietly and was very large. The descrpition of a signting on your front page matches mine exactly, except my sighting, the object was moving slowly. {It was the April 27 2001 sighting with a drawing to go along with his story.} It is eery because I felt the same way, as if it was sneaky. I can't believe I noticed it, because it is as if it is camouflaged in the night sky. I just so happen to look up and notice three stars movng and thought that is odd, so I drove closer, and got out of my car and really took a good look at it. It was relatively low, very quiet, and seem to be very large. At this time, I became nervous, because I knew that what I was watching was not of the norm. Then I got back in my car and followed it for a minute, but then it seem to vanish from my view. It really could be very hard to realize it was there unless you were looking at there at the right time, but once I realized that this was definetly a moving object, it really kind of scared me, because of the size and the whole thing.;43.7537;-87.9757000000002
