I witnessed a reddish ball hover for about 10 minutes after witnessing it streak across the sky like a shooting star.  Then it appeared;1998-07-07 23:10:00;15 minutes;I witnessed a reddish ball hover for about 10 minutes after witnessing it streak across the sky like a shooting star.  Then it appeared to have dropped a red light to the ground.  Then it simply was gone. I was frequenting one of my favorite hilltop locations as I very often did on evinings such as this one.  I must admit the thought of UFO's never really crossed my mind.  As a matter of fact I generally considered people who claimed to have seen a UFO to be some sort of weirdo starved for attention.  However on this night it became quite clear to me that I too was now one of those weirdo's.  As I gazed across the beautiful night sky I saw what appeared to be a shooting star only it stopped on a dime at what appeared to be about three feet above the mountain top from the distance I was observing.  In all actually the object which seemed to have grown from a white streak into a stationary reddish ball was probably about a half mile above the ground.  I immediately excused the strange object as my own confusion between a shooting star that apparantly had brought my attention to  a large planet mars perhaps.  However the thought that I was witnessing something very strange quickly crept into my mind.  There was no sound and absolutely no movement from the object for about 10 minutes.  Then the reddish quarter of an inch ball seemed to blink releasing a sort of red light down to the ground.  The light fell very slowly then dissappeared behind the horizon.  I again focused on the red object only to see it dissappear as if the  light was turned off leaving nothing behind.  It did not exit in the same manner as it entered and the bright moon provided ample light to see an unlight object from where I was.  I truly hope someone believes what I am saying or even has experienced something similar because I am quite disturbed by what I have witnessed.  I dont believe any of the logical explanations I myself have come up with up to this point.  I truly hope some of you can.  The speed at which it entered, the precision of its stopping, the duration of motionless hovering, the lack of any audible sound, the lack of any recognizable aircraft-llike features( blinking lights, movement, etc. ), the strange light lowere! d from it, the strange reddish glow that seemed to make up the object and the immediate absence of its presence are all a mystery to me.  I like to believe that I am rather intelligent but this is far beyond anything I can comprehind.  Thank you for allowing me to share my experience with you.  I am too afraid of computers to give you any personal information so please understand.;40.9781;-76.6268
