three fast moving orange lights moving south to north along the Oregon Coast, then faded away.;2010-09-22 22:10:00;10 minutes;three fast moving orange lights moving south to north along the Oregon Coast, then faded away. On Wednesday, September 22, 2010, about 10:10 p.m. my husband and I were at the beach, three miles north of Depoe Bay, Oregon, on vacation.  It was a clear night. I had noticed that on clear nights I could see the moon set over the ocean from our bedroom window, so I pulled open the shades as I was getting ready to get into bed.  I saw a bright orange, (like fire), round light, which I thought at first was the Coast Guard Helicopter, heading north, towards our house, up the beach.  I called out to my husband to look out the window in the living room, as I watched it coming north, very quickly, then straight out from the house, then continue to head north up the beach.  At that time it seemed like it was actually farther away than I first thought, and as it continued north, it faded away, similar to the way a satellite does.  The light traveled from south when I noticed it, to the north when I saw it fade away, in a total of about two or three minutes. Just then I saw another one coming again from the south and heading north on the same path as the first one.  I again called out to my husband to look.  He turned out the lights in the living room and stepped out onto the deck, with the binoculars, to watch it, and I followed, trying to get my camera turned on and the lens cover off.  The second one was just as fast as the first, followed the same path, and there was no sound that we could hear over the waves of the ocean.  There were no flashing lights, only the one bright orange light that appeared to be all around, as it was not like a head light or tail light.  My husband said it looked like the fire from a hot air balloon through the binoculars. As we watched, the second one disappeared just as the first one had, and then a third one followed.  I could never get one in my site with my camera, and no more came after that, that we know of. We reported our sighting the next day at the Coast Guard station in Depot Bay, but they did not know what it could have been and suggested that perhaps it was the after-burner of a jet.  That would not have been possible as far as we could tell, because it was not at the tail of something.  The whole thing appeared to be at light or a fireball, not a front or head light, or a tail light or engine fire. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));44.8349;-124.0612
