We saw a bright light moving laterally in the sky at a steady but moderate pace.  It slowed down then reduced to a pinpoint of light.;2019-03-29 21:34:00;60 seconds;We saw a bright light moving laterally in the sky at a steady but moderate pace.  It slowed down then reduced to a pinpoint of light as it stopped, then it disappeared.;44.8349;-124.0612
from the north, at high speed, appeared an array of some 15 to 25 lights flying in a marked “V” formation.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-09-21 01:00:00;00:30;My wife and I were stargazing from a cliff above the Pacific on a very clear and moonless night tonight, when from the north, at high speed, appeared an array of some 15 to 25 lights flying in a marked “V” formation. The formation was by no means sloppy but I did notice it was somewhat fluid, as the objects did not remain perfectly equidistant among themselves in the “V” flight pattern, as say a precision team of fighter pilots at an air show would, nor did they maintain perfect symmetry in the two individual leading lines of the “v” formation, as a few individual members of the formation drifted ever so slightly ahead of their flanks. This fluidity made it obvious that what we witnessed was not one large “V” shaped craft with 20 to 25 lights, but indeed a formation composed of 20 to 25 individual members. Their appearance and passing was completely and utterly silent. The event occurred approximately 2 hours after a fairly low tide and the night was still, ! so there was no crashing surf nor wind, and therefore no ambient natural sounds to drown out the sounds of jet engines or sonic booms - - this event, and these objects, were completely silent.  The objects flew along the coastline north to south. From our vantage point on the cliff I’d estimate their path approximately 45 to 50 degrees above the horizon. They appeared as bright points of light, brighter than any star in the sky at their closest proximity to our position. They came as dim points of light from the north, grew amazingly bright on near approach, and dimmed fairly quickly after passing, maintaining a steady high altitude throughout...they dimmed to nothingness at altitude, not disappearing behind tree line nor mountaintop...therefore I’m thinking they surely must have been traversing at least in the upper atmosphere, perhaps at near-earth satellite altitude. The event took place in 20 seconds, no more than 30. Their speed? Impressive, is all I can say.  My first thought was that what we witnessed was a SpaceX satellite array. But after some Googling I’m not sure:  Satellite arrays appear to travel in single file...it appears I’m going to need a little more research!  My wife and I are middle-aged professionals sober star-gazers...but certainly not trained observers of aerial phenomena. I have tried to portray the gist of what we observed as clearly and succinctly as possible. I hope it is useful. We will check back with this website in the near future to see if perhaps others had a similar sighting. This was my first potential UFO sighting and first visit to site...thanks for the hard work and for being here!;44.8349;-124.0612
My wife and I were stargazing from a cliff above the Pacific on a very clear and moonless night tonight, when from the north, at high s;2020-09-21 01:00:00;00:30;My wife and I were stargazing from a cliff above the Pacific on a very clear and moonless night tonight, when from the north, at high speed, appeared an array of some 15 to 25 lights flying in a marked “V” formation. The formation was by no means sloppy but I did notice it was somewhat fluid, as the objects did not remain perfectly equidistant among themselves in the “V” flight pattern, as say a precision team of fighter pilots at an air show would, nor did they maintain perfect symmetry in the two individual leading lines of the “v” formation, as a few individual members of the formation drifted ever so slightly ahead of their flanks. This fluidity made it obvious that what we witnessed was not one large “V” shaped craft with 20 to 25 lights, but indeed a formation composed of 20 to 25 individual members. Their appearance and passing was completely and utterly silent. The event occurred approximately 2 hours after a fairly low tide and the night was still, ! so there was no crashing surf nor wind, and therefore no ambient natural sounds to drown out the sounds of jet engines or sonic booms - - this event, and these objects, were completely silent.  The objects flew along the coastline north to south. From our vantage point on the cliff I’d estimate their path approximately 45 to 50 degrees above the horizon. They appeared as bright points of light, brighter than any star in the sky at their closest proximity to our position. They came as dim points of light from the north, grew amazingly bright on near approach, and dimmed fairly quickly after passing, maintaining a steady high altitude throughout...they dimmed to nothingness at altitude, not disappearing behind tree line nor mountaintop...therefore I’m thinking they surely must have been traversing at least in the upper atmosphere, perhaps at near-earth satellite altitude. The event took place in 20 seconds, no more than 30. Their speed? Impressive, is all I can say.  My first thought was that what we witnessed was a SpaceX satellite array. But after some Googling I’m not sure:  Satellite arrays appear to travel in single file...it appears I’m going to need a little more research!  My wife and I are middle-aged professionals sober star-gazers...but certainly not trained observers of aerial phenomena. I have tried to portray the gist of what we observed as clearly and succinctly as possible. I hope it is useful. We will check back with this website in the near future to see if perhaps others had a similar sighting. This was my first potential UFO sighting and first visit to site...thanks for the hard work and for being here!;44.8349;-124.0612
