Several lights in same area for extended period of time with unusual cloud formation present.;2016-09-11 20:00:00;2 hours;Several lights in same area for extended period of time with unusual cloud formation present. I noticed an unusually bright light in the sky directly in my view outside my bedroom window.  It was over Sandy Run/White Haven area.  I noticed another dimmer light appearing over horizon.  I called my son to see this and we stayed and watched over 5 different lights appear and proceed to take on a triangle formation, a half circle, and even a straight line going up to a huge cloud.  The cloud was unusual too.  It seemed to stay in one spot for over two hours.  Also, the cloud seemed to glow slightly from within.  The area of the sky where the lights were appearing seemed to glow from underneath.  These lights would take cover in the big cloud when airplanes were approaching the area.  It was creepy just watching these lights get extremely bright then dim then get bright then dim.  I tried to take a picture with my cell phone but it was too dark not enough light.  I posted on Facebook asking if anyone else in Freeland was seeing these lights besides us and apparently someone else seen them as well.;41.0255;-75.8834
Another Freeland Light Sighting.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect the objects may have been stars.  PD));2016-09-20 20:35:00;~1 hour;Another Freeland Light Sighting At approximately 8:35 pm, I looked out of my bedroom window to check if the regularly occurring lights were visible.  After not being seen for several days we were surprised to see two then three lights behaving as before....dimming then getting brighter then dimming.  They did not last as long as last time...dimming out in under an hour.  Again however there is a odd cloud band visible mainly over the area they are visible. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect that stars are the first possibility that would have to be ruled out, before concluding that the objects were UFOs.  PD));41.0255;-75.8834
