The craft hummed loudly, was saucer shaped and had lights that were rotating around the edge.;1978-06-15 20:00:00;10 minutes;The craft hummed loudly, was saucer shaped and had lights that were rotating around the edge. In the summer of 1978, my foster daughter came into our home VERY excited and wanted us to come outside. I quickly followed her out to the back of the house. I saw an object hovering in the sky nearby. I was amazed because i had never seen anything like this. It was saucer shaped and had lights that were rotating around the edge of the object. It was emitting a deep humming noise that remins in my memory to this day. It vibrated the ground and surrounding buildings. I was not frightened but more awestruck at what I was wittnessing. It remained for quite some time and we stayed and watched it. But the thing that my ex husband didnt remember was that it flew off about a half mile away and began flying in an erratic fashion, that no man made object could match. It was almost a zig zag, back and forth, up and down motion. It was like a housefly moves. It went in this fashion very quickly and erratically. A few minutes later the object left our sight hurriedly.  Again, i hope this helps you, as i was amazed to hear of your interest in what we saw so many years ago. I feel very special to have been visited by something unexplainable. ((NUFORC Note:  Please see other report from the husband for the same location and date.  PD));44.9118000000007;-85.0638000000014
We thought our foster daughter was kidding us, until we saw the metallic saucer shaped object humming loudly over the Michigan farmland;1978-06-15 21:00:00;10 minutes;We thought our foster daughter was kidding us, until we saw the metallic saucer shaped object humming loudly over the Michigan farmland We lived in a farmhouse on the edge of a rural town of about 1,000 people.  Our backyard was actually 80 acres of grass field, former farmland left unfarmed for mamy years.  There was an old two-track road which extended from our driveway out into the back 80... past the barn and out into the grass field.  It was a warm early-summer evening, the skies were clear, and we were inside watching TV.  Our foster-daughter burst into the back door.  Come Look!  Quick!  There is SOMETHING in the SKY out in the back field!  We kind of laughed at her, thinking she was being melodromatic, or attempting an attention-getting move or perhaps even hoaxing us... but when she repeated what she had said, the second time more insistant than the first... well, we saw something in her eyes that said there might be something wrong... if you are a parent, you know the feeling!  (It seems that she and her boyfriend were unknown to us at the time, parking on the two-track dirt road which ran through the grass field behind our house.  The radio went out on their car as soon as they saw the object... then they both made it back to the house to let us know about the UFO...thats when she ran in the door!).  So we went out the backdoor and into the yard, listening to our foster-daughter babble about, it went down this way and then up twice as far this way, like a pattern...  when I looked up and saw the object, hovering, over the field behind our house.  I estimate it was no farther than 250 yards away from me, hovering about 200 to 300 feet in the air.  It was metallic and disk-shaped...and all along the rim it exhibited colors changing from red-orange-white-blue (there were four of us there in all, 2 people also saw a greenish tint).  But, what made me stand there slack-jawed was the SOUND the darn thing was making... it was a loud-vibrating-humming low pitched tone... and it vibrated into and through everything!  I was standing adjacent to an old out-building in the backyard, and the siding on the building was actually rattling/humming from the noise!  I reached out my hand and touched the building and it literally was vibrating!  (I have since estimated the humming/vibrating to have been very near 39 to 40 Hertz).  And, as unbelievable as this sounds, and it makes me realize why there aren't more good-quality pictures/videos taken of UFOs... I had a brand new Nikon F camera in my house and didn't even THINK of going in and getting it.  The four of us stood there, slack-jawed... me, my wife, my foster-daughter, and her boyfriend... and none of us said a word for 10 minutes.  We just stared, transfixed at this thing in the backyard that just sat there humming.  It finally, about 10 minutes later very slowly (maybe 20 MPH?) drifted off to the southeast, toward a very sparsely populated rural area of our county.  I lost sight of it in the street lights when it went across the sky.  We all went inside and recounted to each other what we saw, felt, and heard.  And I really think that is when we all just shut up about it and none of us has said a word to anyone (except very good friends) until now.  The time has come for an explanation from someone... from our government, or whoever the powers-that-be are in this country.  What the hell did we see in the sky behind my house?  I have had several college-level astronomy courses.  I know the difference between an anomaly and an ordinary occurence.  I did not see Venus, Swamp Gas, or a Weather Balloon.  I used to be a UFO skeptic... and I have purposefully left the term extraterrestrial out of the account as I saw no evidence of life or intelligent maneuvering of the object. BUT, I can say with 100% assuredness that there was something unexplained in the skies over Mancelona, Michigan in the summer of 1978. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Witness also provides a graphic image of what the alleged saucer looked like.   Please see the report from the wife, for the same date and location.  PD));44.9118000000007;-85.0638000000014
On a warm summer night, we saw a saucer shaped UFO that hummed very loudly.;1978-06-15 22:00:00;20 minutes;On a warm summer night, we saw a saucer shaped UFO that hummed very loudly. Back in June of 1978, my boyfriend ((name deleted)) and I were in the back field sitting in the front seat of his car (65 Chevy Impala).  There was a breeze coming in the side window of the car.  The radio was on, the key was in the accessory position.  I think the Steve Miller Band was on the radio at the time.  I was sitting back with my feet on the dash, so I had a good view of the sky.   The car was facing west, on the two track road behind the house in the field.  I saw a light that looked like a bright star, far off toward the northwest.  The light got brighter, as it zig-zagged downward in a pattern.  It stopped every few seconds and just froze there for a second or two before moving again.  It got larger as it came down, and I said, ((name deleted)), what the hell is that?.  I sat up straight in the seat and by then the UFO was directly in front of the car to the west.  The windows were down on the car, and I heard a very loud deep humming noise that I still remember to this day. I will never forget that sound!   I would guess it was about 300 yards in front of us and about 200 feet in the air (?).  At that time the radio went dead.  I could see colors rotating around the UFO around the very edge of the craft.  I saw greenish, blue and white colors.  I began to get scared, and told ((name deleted)), Lets go back to the house and get ((name deleted--witness #3))!  ((name deleted)) tried to start the car, and it only clicked when he turned the key on.  It was the first time that car ever didn't start!!  We opened both doors and RAN back to the house, scared to death!  We went in the back door and started to tell ((name deleted--witness #3/male)) and ((name deleted--witness #4/female)) to come outside quick!  I said, Something is bizarre outside in the sky!!  We all went outside, and stood near the little shed in the backyard.  ((name deleted--witness #4)) stood on the step of the shed, and ((name deleted--witness #3)) told us, Feel the building!  There is vibration going through it!  The sound was so loud that we could feel the vibration inside our bodies.  We just stood there, and I remember saying something about, We should tell ((name deleted--individual #5)) about this.  (He was a man in Central Lake who studied UFOs and had a large antenna in his yard).  The UFO was shaped like a pie-plate.  It stayed there and hummed for about 10 minutes and then slowly drifted off toward the southwest.  I remember all the crickets and grasshoppers quit making any sound.  It was totally silent after the UFO left.  We stood there at least another five minutes and ((name deleted)) and I were too scared to go and get the car.  We left it in the field all night, and when we went back the next morning, it started right up!  All of the details were kiind of like a faded dream even right after that.  I wish someone would figure this out and let us know what we saw.  Thank you for being interested in my story.;44.9118000000007;-85.0638000000014
((HOAX??))  it picked up a cow.;2019-03-25 23:59:00;12-13 seconds;it picked up a cow. I don't know exactly what it was but it looked like a disk.  It had a shiny light coming out of it.  It was picking up a cow.;44.9118000000007;-85.0638000000014
