Star like object moving erraticly in the night sky.;2008-07-26 01:30:00;10 minutes;Star like object moving erraticly in the night sky. On July 26 at approximately 0130 hours my friend and I oberved a bright star in the sky amid several stars.  What caught our eye was that this star would move quickly from one point to another in the sky.  The movements were very fast, the speed of a shooting star.   The star would stop, then move again in another direction.  This was not an aircraft of any type as its movements were too fast and erratic.  This continued for appoximately ten minutes and then it vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous  provides no contact information.  PD));41.4713;-72.4082
25+ lights in single file line from horizon to horizon.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-02-25 05:50:00;3-4 minutes;25+ lights in single file line from horizon to horizon Witnessed 25+ lights, single file, heading west to east, the beginning of the live was evenly spaced, towards the end the lights were bunching up near each other or were spread farther apart.  No sound, solid light, could not judge altitude, therefore could not estimate speed, took approximately 25- 30 seconds to cross the sky from west to east.;41.4713;-72.4082
Low lying bright light moves over farmland in East Haddam, CT.;2020-07-31 21:45:00;2 minutes;Low lying bright light moves over farmland in East Haddam, CT. I was leaving a friend's house around 9:40 pm.  He lives on a large farm with wide open night sky view.  Sky was clear, stars present and 3/4 moon full.  I saw what I thought was a plane approaching from the northwest of the farm because it was a large white light moving slowly towards our direction.  Something about it seemed odd though, because no sound and no green or red lights were blinking around it.  It also seemed very large and a bit too low for a commercial plane.  I continued to watch and told my friend to come outside and watch with me, because something seemed odd about it.  He immediately was able to see it, as it stayed on a path towards southeast.   We both commented that it seemed to slow when above his house.  Again, I noticed no sound coming from it, nor navigational blinking lights one usually sees.  He mentioned something seemed a bit odd about it, so we continued to watch it move in a southeast direction across the skyview of the farm and past h! is house.  We continued to think it would eventually show itself in a way we could identify it as a plane, but then it just blinked out of existence while still quite bright, low and close to us. There were no clouds and it had not moved far enough away from us that it should have dissapeared from view. It continued to be quite large, silent, moving slowly. We considered satellite, but too low and then agreed there was something incredibly odd about its brightness, its slowed down movement as it got closer, and how it blinked out of existence, as if the light went off. However, the farm was bright enough from moonlight, and the sky bright enough as well, had there been a craft with a light gone out, you could have still seen the craft. And surely, we would have heard it like we do any other plane going over head at that close a range.  Something felt odd and we agreed we had witnessed something that we couldn't quite explain.;41.4713;-72.4082
