I viewed a bright white light in the western sky that made sharp turns, hovered ,and displayed incredible speed.;2007-06-14 22:40:00;4-5 minutes;I viewed a bright white light in the western sky that made sharp turns, hovered ,and displayed incredible speed. AT approximately 2240hrs I was standing outside my garage when I noticed a bright white light in the western sky. It almost looked stationary but after watching it for a minute or so I realized it was coming closer as it appeared to be raising higher on the horizon. This apparent movement is what really held my interest. As I wathched this light coming closer it suddenly and very rapidly moved to the right (northwest?). This movement covered a significant portion of the horizon but from my vantage point I was still basically facing west. After this apparent 90 degree turn and movement the light just sat stationary on the horizon. From this point the object did another 90 appearing to move straight down. This put it behind the tree tops on my horizon. It then seemed to bob around for a minute or so before making another sharp fast movement directly up. This once again put the light above the tree tops. Again this thing bobbed around for a few moments before its last big move. This final movement started from a close to stationary point above the treetops on the horizon , it steadily moved to the right again ,this time at about a 40 degree angle downward until it disappeared behind the trees then the horizon. The light did bob up behing those trees a few more times but never made another clear appearance. I checked my watch during this last sequence behind the trees,it read 2244hrs. I estimate this entire viewing lasted 4 or 5 minutes. I was not drinking , I do not do drugs , and I am on no major prescription drugs. The light was white in color and brighter than anything else in the western sky. From my location no sound could be heard coming from this light. I believe that thing was at least several miles away from my position. PLEASE NOTE THAT I AM RESUBMITTING THIS REPORT BECAUSE AFTER HITTING THE SUBMIT REPORT BUTTON I REALIZED THAT I HAD PUT TODAY'S DATE IN THE EVENT DATE WHEN I ACTUALLY HAD THIS EXPERIENCE LAST NIGHT ON 14 Jun 07.  Sorry!;40.4795;-78.7281
