sightind and abduction on country road.;2009-09-23 22:00:00;4 hours;sightind and abduction on country road. We were going out to photograph, at night, blindly shooting down into gulleys  and streams, hollows and deep inside walled areas of trees.  Our hope was too catch animals off guard and maybe get interesting pictures. I was using a flash, on each and shot over a hundred pictures that night. We left at 8,30   Throughout  the entire evening,  we felt only that a calming ride in the country had occurred with possibly some good pictures . Pictures we'd view in the morning  on the computer. The next morning when I looked through them enlarging them on  photo gallery, I saw the two pictures and a few others.  I'm sending. 4 that night that I had no memory,, of taking. We had no memory at all of anything seen in the images, the craft, or the thing in front of the car.    No memory of being stopped.    We returned on the next night thinking something cool had happened seeing a UFO and  thought since we were unharmed it would be safe to return.  The next night we went we had similar results, a few more pictures that were strange even more frightening because of the activity in front of our car that could not be made out clearly. We were  slightly worried but more curious about the ship we had seen twice in the pictures. and after a few more days thought again it might be safe, so we returned with tape recorders in the car. And the things on the tapes were muffled but a few areas crystal clear,  one of these was our talking on the tape, and then the car stopping suddenly, the doors came open and my wife was drug out with a whimper, and the sound of me struggling in my seat unable to speak went on for some time, possibly 10 seconds, there was a humming sound in two short bursts, and I was heard struggling no longer, in fact neither of us  were heard. There is a point where a voice makes a sexual reference, one sentence,,  and then that yea their dumb.  Afterward, some time later( yea there almost ready. )  the sounds of  arranging equipment? Like picking up stuff , closing a container, etc. Within the next minute we start the car, pull away driving again, and resume the conversation we had been having before the incident. We returned home, ready for sleep, having no idea anything had occurred.  We had by mid-night the beginning of severe abdominal pain and rectal pain as well, identical. These conditions lasted for the better part of three days.  This and the things found on the tape made it clear what  had possibly  taken place . Again photos were in the large set ,of only a odd shaped vehicle outside the car stirring up dust.  Its strange sound on the tape.  There were other things said so disturbing to us, I destroyed the tapes.  The photos I'm sending are the clearest free of dust flakes that made the others unidentifiable.  We experienced a time loss of roughly an hour two times at least. During a recent  hospital trip a small round polished bead the size of a BB, the airgun ammo, was seen in my sinus cavity in a  x-ray.  Also, I have a hole on the back of my neck, near my hairline, that a  sewing needle could be inserted almost its whole length, eye first with no pain.  No blood or discharge of any kind.  It can still be seen.;38.2667;-94.3097
