brass colored sphere  moving around power pole and transformer,  next to Convenience Store at corner of  our block;2010-09-18 03:00:00;one hour;brass colored sphere  moving around power pole and transformer,  next to Convenience Store at corner of  our block I was up restless and wandered through the house in the dark, and looked out the north side window of our living room.  It looked normal except it looked like a bat or bird was moving around the the power and light pole at the corner of our street half a block away.   But as I thought about it I realized it couldn't be a bird it was too large only a hummingbird could hover this way and this looked volleyball sized or possibly basketball sized.   I went and got my camera and  pulled the curtains up over the rod so they would be out of the way.  and made sure the light in the kitchen was off, so there was complete darkness in our house,  I put a piece of tape over the colored light on the front of the camera and looked closely at the window condition, it was still clean from a recent cleaning inside and out.   And that really didn't matter because if what i was seeing was a water drop it wouldn't have been floating around between the Casey,s Convenience store,! and the transformer pole and light pole next to it.     I even got my tripod and set it up to eliminate as much  movement as i could.   In the view finder i could see a brass looking ball the size mentioned, it reflected light like something metal,, and had a faint circle on its side that had a dot on it,, or at least it appeared that way.   I watched it taking pictures without the flash, and got maybe 5 descent  shots of it, finally  up close to the pole not touching it, or being supported by it, and it looked like a faint line had come out of it and was touching some part of the transformer equipment, I don't know its workings so that is as detailed as I can get it was touching the bottom back side of one of the canister shapes mounted there.   It stayed in this position the rest of the hour to hour and twenty minutes I watched. A day later that transformer or the light pole failed and our block was in darkness for 4 days.  since power was returned I've not seen anything odd when I got up during the night to check on it.  But there has been other activity around that spot  I'll put in a separate report.;38.2667;-94.3097
