WHILE I WAS AT MY FARM PASTURE I SAW A STRANGE OBJECT IT WAS VERY STRANGE.;2006-02-09 19:40:00;25 MINUTES;WHILE I WAS AT MY FARM PASTURE I SAW A STRANGE OBJECT IT WAS VERY STRANGE. I was out on my farm pasture on February 9, 2006 on a Thursday evening about at 7:40 P.M. in Butler, Missouri.  I was out by my barn and I looked up and saw a strange light in the sky up above me.   Then I saw a strange object above me and it was round and wide on the top and it got narrower as you go to the bottom of the object it was orange lighted with red vertical lines around the sides of it and it had a blue light on the middle of the top and a blue light on the middle of the bottom.  I saw it over the nearby lake also.  But as I was standing by the barn it hovered over the barn and went down by the nearby lake and it hovered over the lake.  So I walked down by the lake and I still saw the strange object. I was puzzled and I didn't understand where this object came from.  It wasn't a plane or a weather balloon and it wasn't a star that I was seeing.  The object had no sound to it.  I watched it and it disappeard going towards the west I looked up and it was no where in sight and I didn't see it no more.   Then I got in my car and left my farm pasture and I didn't see it no more it was a strange object  I saw at my farm pasture.   It was party cloudy when I saw this object at my farm.;38.2667;-94.3097
((HOAX??))  3-4 shiny objects in sky, no jet streams, no noise..appeared to have popped up in the sky from nowhere.;2009-06-12 20:30:00;10-12 minutes;3-4 shiny objects in sky, no jet streams, no noise..appeared to have popped up in the sky from nowhere. Hi, I and another witnessed sever shiny objects in the sky yesterday. None had a jet stream behind them. The first object was moving west at a very high altitude. We watched it till it dissapeared farther into the west, then another object that looked like the same one reappeared quite aways behind and to the side of where that had dissapeared. Almost like it had jumped a far distance behind where we saw the first object dissapear at. That one soon was out of sight. It was probably 10-15 minutes after seeing that, and 2 objects appeared almost side by side, no jetstream, both were shiny, had seemed to appear out of nowhere and began moving further away from each other. One headed south and the other moved westward. There was no sound, no jetstream,they seemed to just pop up in sight out of nowhere and I couldn't tell you the exact speed, but they were moving pretty fast. I thought I noticed one speeding up at a good rate and another that just was kind of floating forward for a few seconds or so. I really wanted to try and notice altitude and speed change variation but it was really hard to tell. Both objects were extremely shiny bright. Metallic I would say. And, I don't see it everyday but every so often I'll notice something like this in the skies in my area. Interesting skies down here. Thank You. ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source of alleged sightings of UFO's.  Telephone number provided by source of report is bogus.  PD));38.2667;-94.3097
((HOAX??))  Red blinking ufo, stopped on a dime, did 180, traveling 20-25 mph about 1/2 mile-1 mile away at around 100ft or so.;2009-07-30 22:05:00;10 minutes;Red blinking ufo, stopped on a dime, did 180, traveling 20-25 mph about 1/2 mile-1 mile away at around 100ft or so. I was outside in my yard gazing the sky and stars.  Was out there for about 30 minutes I'd say.  Then saw a red light in the distance. Northeast of where I was standing. It was very low and relatively close to where I was.  At it's closest I'd say it was probably about 1/2 mile to a mile away and maybe just 100 feet off the ground.  It was blinking red.  And they were kind of mediocre timed intervals, almost kind of reminded me of a persons breaklight if they were to delay each compression for a couple seconds.  It kind of went up and down a bit within very short distances which was different for my eyes to see. I watched it not gain very high altitude at all.  It stayed really low to the ground around the area. I got my mom to show her.  And she watched it with me, and I couldt tell she knew that it was different. It finally came to a holt for just a second or so.  I watched it as it had vertually sit still in the air.  This is when the object blinked 1 blue light w! ithin it's red light.  And then it turned around, 180 degrees on that dime. Which was pretty amazing really.  Uh, I was very excited to see this variance in whatever this thing was. I could not hear any sound, if it was a nearby local cessna I could of heard it's engine from it being so close.  I am correct with my time, so the airports the only one that could deny my sighting.  This was a really awesome sighting.  I haven't seen anything in the sky this intersting over the last 4-5 months that I would waste my time talking about.  As I am a consistent star/sky gazer. Really different type of lights on this thing.  The way it moved was pretty different.  I don't think this could be related to any type of other flying aircraft.  Here's another big thing as well.  For the distance it traveled and as close as it was, I'd have to say this thing was moving at no more then 20-25 miles per hour. ((NUFORC Note:  One of many reports from same source of alleged sightings of UFO's.  Telephone number provided by source of report is bogus.  PD));38.2667;-94.3097
Was it an Alien?;2009-09-02 20:00:00;2 hours;Was it an Alien?  We were taking night shots in the country, trying to catch some wildlife out hunting, when we came home, the 45 minute trip had taken over 2 hours, we found photos on the camera of a what looks like a creature in front of the car, huge head with leathery, wrinkled skin and large eyes. We did not see this thing, we have no memory of it, our stomachs hurt real bad the next morning. We went back out, this time taking a tape recorder with us, lost the time again, again had strange pictures, and this time on the tape player were two other male voices saying recon  their ready now and a few other choice things. A few minutes later we start the car and pick up our conversation where it ended. We went down some other country roads, and Lori has the memory of seeing a robot behind a fence. There was a rod that came down to the car with a blue light on the end. We have lost time, have felt ill and have no memory of seeing the images on these pictures. We found sev! eral other pictures on another highway that could indicate some kind of craft down the road moving toward us.;38.2667;-94.3097
Alien like figures seen near and on buildings of our town square along with many yellow lights overhead.;2010-09-21 02:00:00;5 minute;Alien like figures seen near and on buildings of our town square along with many yellow lights overhead. We have been taking walks around our square for the last week, keeping the camera with us,  and had an ongoing report, by ongoing i mean there were a number of facet,s to it. we saw along a rooftop a bulge that was reflecting light oddly, and since we were in the alley at the time i got closer to the steps there.  And went to take a picture but in the viewfinder i saw these round yellow eyes, and took a few more pictures thinking since it was motionless it was just a reflection.   Well we went around the block came down the sidewalk and by the time we got to the corner there was something moving in the sky over the south side of the town square.  I took a few pictures thinking i got nothing  but found when i got home and enlarged them that either three objects that were yellow lights or one object with 3 lights was moving eastward along the rooftops of the south end of the square.   There was also on our way home a transformer blown up i guess, its sides were ripped open, this up on the power and light pole.  Id never seen one so damaged and took 2 pictures getting a fairly clear one the second shot.  Again at the time we saw nothing clearly we c! ould identify due to the glare of another light. on a pole close by,, but it seemed like something was hanginging out the side of one of them.   I figured since it all seemed roughly the same color it was just a shattered section of the transformer sticking out oddly.  but again after looking over our pictures in enlargement we found in this image a very clear head like shape, that had large black eyes , and a tiny nose and mouth, its skin seemed very close to that of the transformer, maybe more tan, also the head seemed very wide at the top and the chin was tiny. anyone seeing it would think it was looking down at us.  during that evening and two others of the same week we got photographs of objects at different positions over our town square, one very close to and in the same image with our courthouse tower.  It had a coppery color and looked like a curved shape with a red light mounted on it in the corner of the photo.  It reminded me of a fin.  Also there certain lights! that went out as came down the sidewalk, there order was inco! nsistant , and one was the doorway light to a shop i at one time rented.  3 lights in all went out.;38.2667;-94.3097
