An enormous triangular silent object just floating 200 feet straight above us.;2000-09-27 21:45:00;45-60 seconds;An enormous triangular silent object just floating 200 feet straight above us. GPS Lat. Long.N.44 2x.xxx W.113 3x.xxx  ((exact location deleted is known to investigators))  While on a hunting trip, myself and 2 others of a party of 4, a very strange object was observed at a very close range.   While getting some food for dinner out of the back of my pickup at 9:45 pm, I got a feeling of a thick heavy blanket above me and chills down my spine.   As I turned to look up, the double AA size mini mag flashlight I was using scanned across the corner of a dark triangular object floating directly above us  and our camp trailer.  The object was COMPLETELY SILENT, no noise at all!  I started yelling  HOLY S--T!, HOLY S--T!, HOLY S--T!, YOU GUYS HAVE GOT TO SEE THIS!  I was extremely upset and shaking.   As I was running (stumbling)  to the trailer my brother and another party member came running out the door.   I did not take my eyes off of this object.  As my light moved across the corner of the triangle, I could see rounded dark edges and the flat bottom.  The bottom had a texture that looked like suede leather and had a gold-grey color to it.   After the light shined on the object it throttled up with a very deep low sound of intense power, increasing in intensity slightly and began to float straight up and then move forward(?) up a steep narrow canyon that goes from 6700 ft to 9800 ft.  The object moved up the canyon very slowly like a hockey puck sliding on ice.  My brother and the other party member had time to look up at the object just as it started to move forward then they both ran to the pickup and grabbed their 10 x 42 Ziess binoculars and continued to watch the object until it was out of sight.  As the object began to move forward the sound stopped and movement continued with complete silence.  This object was only about 200 feet straight  above us when first spotted, about 300 to 400 feet above us when it started to move forward.   When it throttled up, three lights, one on each corner of the triangle came on.  Each one of these was about ten feet in diameter and glowed like a dim dome light.  Another light in the center was about 20 feet in diameter and protuded below the bottom (!) about 8 feet and was deep red in color and pulsed about once a second.  The outline of the object had a slight light halo around it.  None of the lights illuminated anything.  The shape was a perfect triangle with radius corners and radius edges.  The size was enormous with every detail seemingly in perfect proportion.  Each side of the triangle would be approximately 250 feet long.  The thickness of the body looked to be about 30 feet.  Other dark circles in a symetrical design were slightly visible.   The night was clear, lots of stars, no wind.  There was no smell, no feeling of blowing, prop wash or thrust of any sort.   My bother and I are building contractors and like to think we are normal, educated, business people. The third witness is a successful stone mason contractor.  We all have excellent eyesight.  This was also a dry camp.  Although this exceded the limits of our known comprehension we felt priviliged to have witnessed this most incredible piece of equipment. ((NUFORC Note:  We talked at length with two of the witnesses, and we find them to be serious-minded individuals.  Our impression is that the report is genuine, a suspicion supported by the fact that the witnesses reported the event to several government offices.  We are quite impressed with the report.  We will attempt to investigate further.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Both brothers spoke about their experience at the 2013 (??) McMenamins UFO Festival in McMinnville, OR, and they recounted the same facts that are presented in their written report.  PD));44.4955;-114.1919
Triangular formation of lights with fourth light out of formation traveling slowly and quietly.;2008-03-11 22:00:00;1 minute;Triangular formation of lights with fourth light out of formation traveling slowly and quietly. It was a clear calm cool night in central Idaho, when I received a phone call from my nephew who lives about a half mile away. He said there were strange lights outside and that they had been moving around the northern end of the valley from east to west. I went outside while still on the phone with my nephew and he said look to the WNW and we both saw one large lone reddish-blue silver light glistening in the WNW Sky. It appeared to be 3-5 miles away, however I am not certain. He said he and his father had been observing for longer and said more would appear, that they had been visible and then not, just then one light appeared and then several seconds later another appeared then several seconds later a third light appeared. These three lights were in a near perfect triangle, not an isosceles but flatter with approximate 45-degree angles. They remained that way for maybe 30 seconds with all four lights glistening the same sharp reddish-blue silver light. The fourth light appeared closer because of its brightness also it was positioned higher and to the left of the triangular formation of lights. The lights appeared to hover and move very slowly to the left, keeping their same distance from me. The lights forming the triangle then vanished into the westward sky and left the remaining fourth light that slowly drifted to the left and west over the horizon of mountains. No sound was ever heard form these lights. Ten minutes later a large plane came from the ESE and crossed directly over and directly in line with the west ward direction of the lights until out of sight. This plane had a deep roar of motors had no normal colored airline lights, but several large yellowish orange lights marking its body. Not sure if plane was in support of the light formation or in search or niether. Do not know if lights were military training or just what they were.  All I know for sure is lights were very unique in appearance and behavior of any thing I have ever witnessed in nearly 50 years of living in this area.;44.4955;-114.1919
