A silent, triangular shaped object with a faint reddish light in each of its 3 corners flew directly over me.;1999-07-06 22:50:00;10 seconds;A silent, triangular shaped object with a faint reddish light in each of its 3 corners flew directly over me. The time was 10:45pm cst, I had just let the dog outside before I was going to go to bed when I decided to step outside with him to do a little star gazing. I was sitting in a patio chair w/my head leaned back against the house facing east. It was no more then 5 minuets when I noticed a silent object moving across the sky. My first thought was that it was a large bird, only because of its size & the fact that it was silent. I immediately realized this was no bird, it had a translucent appearance. I say it appeared translucent not because it was see through but because the object was so faint that it was not that easy to see. After watching it for about 4 seconds it started to go out of sight over the house. So I jumped out of my chair, took a few steps away from the house & faced south, never taking my eyes off the object. It was then that I got a real good look at the object. It was a silent moving, triangular shaped object with a faint reddish light in each of its 3 corners. It was moving in a straight line north to south, just west of do south to be exact. The speed of the object was about twice the speed that the average satellite moves across the sky. The size of the object was about the size of my thumb nail at arms lenght or a little smaller then the triangle in the constellation Lyra to be exact. The height of the object I can only guess at. I would say that it was at about the height that an average airplane would fly at, not a jet but a smaller prop airplane. I discribed it as being 1 object w/3 faint lights but for all I know it may have been 3 or more seperate objects grouped together. I discribed it as 1 object because it never changed its shape, size, speed or direction. The object seemed to be on a precise course, was in no hurry to get where it was going & was definitely trying to go undeteced. I feel very lucky to have seen this object, it was not bright enough to see out of the corner of your eye like you can do with a shooting star or a satellite, most of the stars in the sky where ! brighter then the object. You had to be in the right place at the right time & looking in the right direction to see this object. I am & for over 30 years have been a backyard astronomer. I have always had a fascination for the night sky. As a boy I spent many weekends & summers in the remote north woods of Wisconsin learning the night sky. I know more about the stars & planets then the average person so there is no mistaking what I saw, the only question I have is, what did I see?;44.2951999999999;-88.2713000000002
