What appears to be 2 comets suddenly shoots overhead and turns into red, pulsating lights in a random formation hovers 2-3 minutes.;1986-12-12 20:00:00;2-3 minutes;What appears to be 2 comets suddenly shoots overhead and turns into red, pulsating lights in a random formation hovers 2-3 minutes. Although this happened several years ago, I still remember it vividly.  My family and I had just driven to a nearby community, called Engelberg, to look at the Christmas light display that this area is known for.  The road that leads to Engelberg is a rural road without much traffic.   On our way back to town, while on this road, my younger brother, who was about 6 at the time, said Hey, look, its two Haley's comets.  Haley's comet had already come and gone earlier that year, so I said, before I even looked, No, stupid, Haley's comet has already gone!  But about that time, we all looked over out the passenger's side of our van and saw what appeared to be two comets (complete with tails) in the distance.   No sooner had we fixed our eyes on them, they shot directly over our van.  My dad stopped the van because we didn't know WHAT the heck it was.  It was probably no more than 50 feet above the vehicle and it no longer resembled comets, but appeared to be random red glowing lights.   It was a clear night out, but the lights were hazy.  We could not distinguish a craft shape, although whatever it was was hovering.  We just stared at it for about 2-3 minutes.  (although it seemed like time had stopped.)  As we were watching it, my parents rolled down the windows to see if we could hear anything.  We heard NOTHING!  Only the wind.  We all commented on the fact that this was just weird.   My dad, trying to remain calm, came up with the idea that it must be some sort of special military plane that has special silencers on it.  My mom said, Yeah, but wouldn't we SEE a plane? It is DIRECTLY over our heads.  Dad: I have NO idea  Brother: I'm scared. At this point, the lights shot off to our left, in a blur and then disappeared.  We sat there with our van in the middle of the road for a while after that just trying to absorb what we had just seen.  When we got back home, we were watching the local news out of Jonesboro, Arkansas (KAIT) and the weatherman said that they had gotten lots of calls from the Pocahontas area about this phenomenon, and the weatherman said it was a meteor shower.  However, later in the broadcast, the weatherman said they had just received a report that it was NOT a meteor shower after all, but was reported by the FAA to be a Russian Missle that had gone off course.   I would have believed the whole meteor shower story had they not come back and blamed the Russians.  I can still recall the exact date, even though it was almost 20 years ago because I wrote about it in my diary that night (which I still have) and my family still discusses it frequently.  I am not sure what it was, but I DO know that meteors don't hover and the story about the Russian missle is just too lame.  I think no one knows what it was....sure wish I knew, though!;36.2805;-90.9943
Jet chasing ball of light;2002-11-12 18:30:00;one hour;Jet chasing ball of light It was Just after dark last night I was outside in my yard raking leaves. I have a building in my back yard that I use as a recreation room,I have a night light on the outside of it. Strangly the light went out for no apparent reason it went out,not to say that had anything to do with what happend next,but I saw a jet,it was a fighter jet flying straight ahead so I walked to the middle of the yard so I could get a better look at the plane. Where I was standing before the trees were  in the way.Then I could see a ball of light directly in front of the jet,the jet was clearly in pursuit of the craft,I yelled for my little girl to come take a look and she thought it was really cool. so as the jet gained on the craft the next thing I saw was wild,It turned out of the path of the jet and went straight up and it was gone, a few seconds later here came another jet in the same path.These jets 4 of them circled the erea for at least a hour,Strange. So far I havn't talk to anyone else who saw it;36.2805;-90.9943
Light/Orb observed in N.E. Arkansas, south east skies.;2007-01-10 20:55:00;10 seconds;Light/Orb observed in N.E. Arkansas, south east skies. On January 10th, 2007, I was at home in N.E. Arkansas when I noticed one slowly descending light/orb(Similar to military flare), in the southeast sky.  It was observable for approximately 10 seconds then descended below the tree line.   I'm just a hard working stiff/amateur star gazer that was wondering if anyone else had seen this and/or reported it?;36.2805;-90.9943
Orange light hovering above tree line then disappearing upwards;2013-07-30 03:40:00;5 minutes;Orange light hovering above tree line then disappearing upwards I woke up from my sleep due to being hot.  Decided to go have a drink of water and a cigarette.  I was in my garage with the garage window open leaning against the window seal.  About 250 yards away there is a treeline.  As I was looking out the window,  I noticed a solid orange light zip up above the trees.  It hung in place for approximately 20 seconds then proceeded to zig zag back and forth upward,pausing in place momentarily every few zigs. It left a faint trail as it moved.  I tried to capture a picture and video on my mobile phone but all it would capture is a solid black screen.  I noticed an airplane with a blinking light coming in the UFO's direction.  The orange light vanished in the blink of an eye upward as the airplane approached.  I waited for a few more minutes to see if it would come back but it never did.;36.2805;-90.9943
