Apparently intelligently controled objects spotted in Pocahontas Arkansas;2006-05-27 01:00:00;1 hour;Apparently intelligently controled objects spotted in Pocahontas Arkansas I went outside to gaze at the stars because it was such a pretty night. First I see withinin a 20- minute period 3 oval shaped objects which I have seen in the past. They were flying at what appeared to be normal speed, but they didn't have flashing beacons nor did they make a sound, they were just lit up. The objects flew from east to west in the same path each time, after that I just thought Wow another sighting of some of those strange lights that I have saw many times before. What happened next is still unbelievable to me as I sit here and write it. I sttod there in the same area of my backyard, for a few minutes, I had my spotlight with me because it is so dark out there and I try to watch for snakes, we have alot of copperhead snakes around here! Well' here comes another object, now the first two objects were approximately 30 40 thousand feet in altitude, it is really according to how big they were, they looked small of course. This next object was much lower and it was coming from the east. it was traveling at a relitively low speed, just to be silly and playing around I shined my spolight toward the object. What happened next is wild, The object slowed down to almost a complete stop as I flashed and blinked the spotlight at it. It then continued to gain a little more speed and it continued on. As I was still watching that object, here comes another out of the west. This one was about 15 to 20 thousand feet in altitude, and again no sound or no flashing beacon, just lit up. All objects were low enough that I could have heard an engine. Again, I shined my spotlight at it and held it on it for several seconds, now remember you can see a spotlight from an airplane if you are looking for it. Already amzed and almost chilled from the last craft, this one began to slow down as well, almost to a complete stop, I wasn't believing my own eyes.And then it bagn to speed up after I continued shining the light toward it, as it was speeding up it was climbing, at a rate that was just unreal, it looked as though it shot into space, within seconds I just simply couldn't see it anymore. People say oh those things are those UAV's that the air force uses, I am sorry I don't think so,at the altitude that these objects were, I could have heard them and they are not capable of climbing as fast as that object did. Those objects, especially the last two without doubt were under intelligent control, and I don't think it was of the this earth. If they were UAV's of the Air force, why would we be spending tax dollars for them to fly over Pocahontas Ark.;36.2805;-90.9943
