Orange fire-ball like light, moving slowly, seen in early am, absolutely dead silent, hovering.;2017-11-20 02:15:00;7 minutes;Orange fire-ball like light, moving slowly, seen in early am, absolutely dead silent, hovering. On the morning of Nov. 20, 2017, I woke up at about 2:15 am to let my cat out.  I looked up and through the neighbor’s trees I saw what I thought was the moon only orange-ish...like it was smoked covered.  I was facing east.  I then noticed this was not the moon but an orange light.  It looked like an orange ball of fire.  This ‘light’ started to move slowly, like at small plane speed, going north.  It stayed on a fairly horizontal course, just quite slow.  I kept listening for the sound of an airplane engine but it was dead silent.  I followed the light (still at my back door) until it went out of my range of sight and behind more trees on our street, so I ran to the front of my house and looked out the front window – now facing north.  The light appeared to be going even slower now – I could see it through the tree tops for about a minute, then it came into plain sight.  It appeared to just hover, then move slowly, then hover...I couldn’t tell if it was the ! atmosphere that made it look like it was moving oddly, or if it actually was moving oddly.  A few times it looked like it was getting larger, like an object on fire gets larger.  I was expecting it to fall to the ground and crash, but it just slowly moved, hovering oddly. The light then seemed to move upward in elevation, like it was moving north, and slowed a few times in its ascent.  It became smaller and a few times disappeared, showed again, and then finally faded out.  The oddest thing was there was absolutely no sound.  This all lasted about 7 minutes.  I went back to bed and a few minutes later I did hear a small plane fly overhead – this made the absence of sound with this ‘light’ all the more obvious.  I was going to ask a friend who was in the Air Force if he knew of drones or something that would explain this, but I haven’t had the chance yet.;38.4374;-121.8122
