Light orbs seen in daylight with sun setting.;2014-11-12 17:00:00;15 minutes;Light orbs seen in daylight with sun setting I have NEVER submitted a report.  Usually what I see can have at least a plausible explanation.  I have nothing for this sighting.  All about details in this description which will be lengthy.  But I want to document everything I can remember while fresh.  All ‘measurements’ will be between 2 fingers at arm's length. Temp 14 degrees.  Unusual for November 12th 2014.  Skies clear blue overhead.  Very low  thick cloud banks to the north about 1.5 inches high.  Some spotty clouds to the west low.  Sun starting to set.  Had also observed a small sun pillar sometime between 4:45 and 5:10.  Unsure when. Traveling between Clarks and Central City on HWY 30 southwest bound very close to 5 pm as I saw 1st anomaly. A white streak appeared about 24” from the horizon (see previous measurement scale).  The streak resembled a jet trail (straight) about 1.5” in length appearing at the 10 to 4 position in the sky(relative to a clock sitting on the western horizon).  I thought I should’ve seen this before and concentrated on it.   Solid for 10 seconds.  Then faded within 1 second disappeared.  I immediately thought I had seen a meteor trail.  Cool I thought.  (I have seen a few before in the daylight).    Then another one appeared within 15 seconds.  (close to and about the same size as the first.  A little more north I’d guess and maybe slightly higher).  Watched it the same with the same result in 10 seconds as the first.  Still convinced I saw another meteor trail. Within a few minutes, I noticed the first light orb in the same area.  A little larger than venus and about 2 to 3 times as bright.  The light was NOT white like venus, but reminded me of a flashlight.  Yellow/white.   About 15 seconds I watched that.  And it slowly faded to NOTHING in 1 second.   Still my mind convinced myself it was a plane reflection.  I have seen many reflections that have caught my eye.  But this one was different.  What was different was I could ALWAYS see a plane AFTER the reflection.  There was nothing. When I was younger, I would hear and watch fighter jets training in NE Nebraska on clear days.  Usually on a Saturday.  And would watch them ‘dog fight’ as they puked out flares (that would arc and burn and leave a trail that would last for 5 minutes) and did their maneuvers.   Was always cool to watch. I kept trying to convince myself that HAD to be it.   But nothing quite fit. Then I saw the next one.  Just as bright.  Not appearing to move much as the first one did.  Again 15 seconds … nice and bright then faded within one second.  No plane. This is about the time I knew what I saw…. DID NOT make any sense. I saw another one in the same area about 1 minute later.   Nice and bright.  Then I saw the second one appear to the left and a bit higher 3” from the first bright one.  Now I see two at once.  Not changing the distance between them.  The bright one to the bottom right and the dimmer one to the top left.  After 15 seconds… the lights faded within one second and disappeared.  No planes. Just before Central City, I pulled off on a gravel road.  I put some electrical lines between me and the area I was watching.  (all this is higher and to the left side of the setting sun).  I waited about 3 minutes. For the last time, I saw a light orb.  Nice and bright it appeared.   From my viewpoint AND with the power lines for reference.  It drifted UP from my viewpoint about 3”  (this could be moving closer to me OR could be moving up OR could be moving higher and away from me).  The light faded as all the others.  No plane.   That was the last strange thing I saw. The light either had to be a reflection of the setting sun or made its’ own light.  But I saw NO objects in the air.  No idea about why the trails and the light stayed visible to me about the same amount of time and faded from clear view to nothing. TK;41.1221;-98.0018
Four bright orange lights observed in a linear pattern.;2016-11-14 19:25:00;5 seconds;Four bright orange lights observed in a linear pattern I observed a bright orange light appear to the north then disappear, then a similar light appear diagonally beneath and to the west of the first light, then disappear, then a third similar light appear diagonally beneath and to the west of the second light then disappear.   A fourth light matching the first three then appeared centered above the location of the previous three, and then it disappeared. The sky was clear and I could observe stars in the area, but no objects.  The lights were equally bright and much brighter than the surrounding stars. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));41.1221;-98.0018
it was a light orb circle hovering for a lil bit then slowly headed towards the the platte river. ((anonymous));2020-04-07 22:20:00;the 7th and the 8th aroun;My family and i were outside for late night talks and smoking cigs the usual and i happened to glance up because of all these drones all the time flying by but this was diffrent it was a light orb circle hovering for a lil bit then slowly headed towards the the platte river it was pretty cool, then the next night same thing happened around the same time but this time it was headed coming from the platte river area going the oppisite direction like towards fullerton maybe?  idk but i was pretty stoked about it like what really is going on in this world ever since 2020 its like it feels were apart of some plot for a good movie lol, corna virus, drones,and ufos, and the goverment acting fishy latley idk man but somethings going on.;41.1221;-98.0018
