Sphere and dics craft.;2005-10-22 16:00:00;30-45 min;Sphere and disc craft. Reporting 3 spherical objects in daylight sky, beautiful fall day with mostly clear sky and a few clouds periodically. I was looking at the clouds, with an old pair of binoculars, trying to find anything interesting with great success. I first saw a spherical craft like the ones people say resemble mylar balloons with a very shiny side and a darker side keeping quite still near the edge of a large cloud (I'm not good with directions so I won't guess)I was amazed it was just exactly like the things you see in the video clips that can be viewed on various sites online.   It began moving to the right subtly and I called my bother to come and look at it.  It took him a few seconds to find it and then he said he saw it take off and move out of view.  I began looking at the opposite side of the sky and saw another moving straight across the sky. However this object was clearly a classic disc shape like two plates put together.  The color of the craft was seemingly black. A few minutes later I viewed another of the same type speeding in the same direction as the second craft mentioned.  There were planes in the sky as I live near the airport.   I've seen some pretty interesting things lately but never have I seen the discs in real life and so clearly. I would assume by the ease in which I spotted these (with the binoculars) that anyone could see them if they just looked for five or ten minutes.  Also I failed to mention the second craft was witnessed by a friend of mine who was over.  Thanks for reading. ((ADDENDUM FROM WITNESS)) Addendum to my previous report. Objects were not visible to the naked eye due to there height in the sky and I was using binoculars to see them.  I have not yet contacted any law enforcement or air traffic controle however I will query these groups.  Thanks. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke with this witness via telephone, and he sounded to us to be quite serious-minded and credible.  He described the alleged event in a quite objective, factual, level-headed manner, and expressed surprise at the bizarre and dramatic nature of the event.   The fact that the objects seem to have moved in different directions, while apparently at the same altitude (above ground level) seems to us to militate against the possibility that the objects could have been helium-filled balloons, drifting with the prevailing wind.   We have encouraged the witness to attempt to locate and identify other witnesses to the event, although he reported that the objects almost certainly would not have been visible, without the aid of binoculars, or other forms of magnification.   PD));33.7655;-84.6468999999999
Sphere and green lit but unknown shape object;2009-05-31 15:00:00;10 minutes;Sphere and green lit but unknown shape object Smoking a cigg in the back yard when I noticed a very small light in the sky. After studying it for a moment I realised that it was green and then upon further scrutiny could tell that it was emerald green and quite beautiful. I could not make out the actually shape of the object as it was extremely high up however I had a faint impression of seeing a straight edge. The other object was traveling in the green ones wake or about two Hands length from our position. My friend did not see the green object as he did not have his glasses on however he did point out the second object which followed the first. The second object was definitely sperical definitely white or highly reflective and in all honesty could have been a balloon. Balloons tend not to travel in such straight lines however. I called another friend who was in the house out to see the sphere and he did observe it but did not observe the green object. The sphere just headed into the horizon and became so small that it vanished around ten minutes. The green object dissapeared after having observed it for about 4 minutes.;33.7655;-84.6468999999999
