A big ball was over our head and it did not seem from this world as i know?;2013-08-16 00:00:00;1 hour;A big ball was over our head and it did not seem from this world as i know? At about I:00 am in the morning while camping in our field across from our home in WV, my wife and i we sitting next to the fire just talking and having a cup of coffee when we both spotted a white ball comming over the tree tops from our home coming from the north to the south.  Towards us and was the size of a van and made no noise what so ever and floated like a ballon and seemed to stop just above and then we saw it speed away over middle island which runs past our lane and i remember i could see the light of the ball on the creek water and then it went over them trees and headed south kinda slow and then it just took off as fast as could be and then took a left over the hill towards the town of Salem WV which is 12 miles from our home.   We both looked at one another and thought how weird and also noticed the fire was almost gone and we had just put more wood on it, she then went to check on the 3 girls in the tent 8-10-12 years old and they were fast asleep.  I also noticed that my socks we real wet and changed them, we then both sat by the fire to get warm and then got ready for bed in the tent.  I put more wood on the fire but we both didn't sleep much that night as I keep looking outside the tent ,i woke up and my wife had everything packed to go home when it was light and I saw her still looking up into the sky.we got the kids up and drove off to the house.  We told others about all this but they just smiled at us and now we just talk to one another about it and we still see it in  our mind, but we did loose about 40 minutes or so?? we think?  It's the fire that got our attention as the wood seemed to burn really fast. and before we knew it ,it was almost 2am?? thats how it happen!  I am not a nut, we dont drink, smoke, do any drugs and attend  church, I am a army veteran with 12 years service in the U S ARMY, i was a EMT and dispatcher and Director of communations for Doddridge county EMS and was also a vol fireman.  I am amemebr of ! VWF post 3408 in west union wv and iam not crazy most the time!  I KNOW WHAT WE SAW.YOU can put me under or give me any kinda truth shot.  I'll even take a lie detector test.;39.2762;-80.7928
