MUFON/COLORADO REPORT:  Low flying disc with flashing lights seen over Avon;2009-05-07 20:00:00;about 15 seconds;Low flying disc with flashing lights seen over Avon I am a MUFON investigator in Vail in Eagle County CO. On Friday the 8th a retired Air Force vet told me of a sighting two 12-year olds who live in his apartment complex had the previous evening. He was able to set up a meeting with them the following Friday. The two witnesses, a boy and a girl, were in the parking lot of the complex at the time. The boy told me that he first noticed the disc to the west, towards the main entrance of the Beaver Creek resort,which is about three quarters of a mile away. The disc appeared dark and oval shaped with flashing white, red, and yellow lights at first. The disc darted quickly to the northeast, then slowed down and moved eastward down the Eagle River valley, passing to the north of the apartment complex. The boy pointed the disc out to the girl witness and they watched it as it fluttered down the valley before ascending into the clouds. At one time they saw an edge view of the craft which looked cigar shaped with the lights appearing along the upper edge. The sighting occurred as it was starting to get dark and there were broken clouds over the area. The witnesses said there was no sound coming from the disc. The kids immediately went and saw the Air Force vet, who is a neighbor of the boy, and told them what they saw. The kids are very creditable and I believe they saw a UFO. When I asked the boy how large the disc appeared in the sky, using his fingers at arms length, he held his fingers about two inches apart, indicating the UFO was quite low. Due to their age we did not do a report with MUFON. The AF vet said the complex has many hispanics, some of whom are illegal, and they are very closed mouth about things. We had two other sightings reported to me that same day along the I-70 corridor in Eagle County, one of which in Edwards was reported to MUFON CMS#16910. The other one occurred in Eagle CO about 21:30 and is reported at this site. I have gotten some local news coverage about the sightings out here in the hope of finding other witnesses to this sighting and the others. ((NUFORC Note:  We express our gratitude to Bob Fiske, of MUFON/Colorado, for sharing this report with NUFORC.  PD));39.6313;-106.5108
