fuzzy ball of light  hovers then rapidly streaks  accross the sky in a southernly direction/8:35PM 3/13/97;1997-03-13 20:35:00;1.5 minutes;fuzzy ball of light  hovers then rapidly streaks  accross the sky in a southernly direction/8:35PM 3/13/97 This sightting is an old one  but figured it should be reported just the same as it may be of intrest.  Almost 7 years ago my friend and I had been out riding in the woods outside of Libby, Montana, about 4 miles up Pipe Creek Road.  We had stopped so that I could take a nature break and as I got out of the pickup I notice an odd kind of light in the sky just north of our position. The light had a fuzzy apearance as if it were a real bright, but seemed to have a creamy skin surrounding it.The object wasn't really bright like a star would be and I couldn't tell just how  far away or  how  high it was in the sky.  I hadn't seen anything like it before but know it wasn't  a star or a planet and when I said to my friend, Hey, check out that weird fuzzy light in the  sky.  It  moved slowly in behind a tree.The tree blocked our view of the object but I told him to keep looking  at the  upper part of  the tree  thinking that it would appear on the other side of the tree as it passed in the direction that it was moving  but it didn't come out the other side .It apeared to me to be hiding out of plain view from us.I had a feeling that this was something that maybe didn't want to be seen.As we continued to focus on the tree for about 30 seconds or so,it  shot off from behind the tree in a southern direction so fast that it apeared to leave a streak across the sky.I asked my friend if he had seen it and if he had ,what direction it went, he said  south and  I knew then that I wasn't seeing things .He  asked me what the hell was that? and I said  it was the light that I had seen when I first got out of the truck. I really  can't say how big it was norit's altitude. It  seemed to  hover silently and then instantly travel  in a  southern direction at a very high rate of speed. Nothing I know of can move that fast from a standstill to instant  acceleration. We talked  about it  to ourselves for a few days and then I heard about the major sighting in Phoenix,Arizona via an Art Bell broadcast a few days later. I'm not too sure if it had  anything to do with the Arizona sighting but it was on the same night and  right arround the same time of that  event. I did look on a map and Libby Montana is  almost due North of Phoenix so there may be something  to this sighting that connects the two together.There is also a hydroelectric dam about 15 miles  north of where we were so it may have been of intrest to the object.I do appologise for my late entry of this sighting but feel that it may be helpfull in some way, Sincerly, ((name deleted)), Libby, Montana  ps: I Do Believe we are not alone ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken with this witness via telephone, and he sounds quite credible to me.  PD));48.3789;-115.5415
String of lights over Northwest Montana.  ((Starlink satellites));2020-04-16 22:10:00;10 minutes;String of lights over Northwest Montana Was watching sky for satellites and noticed what seemed like one traveling from southwest to northeast and one after another came over the cabinet mountains.  There were no strobes or flashing lights like airlines have, also no sound at anytime.  They were not in any specific formation but all were heading the same way what seemed pretty close.  I’ve seen multiple satellites in the sky before but never that many so close going the same direction. Maybe they were high altitude military aircraft idk.;48.3789;-115.5415
