4 lobed craft hovering over Montpelier, ID in broad daylight.;2009-04-15 12:00:00;about 3 minutes;4 lobed craft hovering over Montpelier, ID, in broad daylight. My experience with a UFO happened in early spring of 2009. It was a cold day around 1200, I don't smoke in my home so I do it outside.  On this particular day as I was sitting on my steps on my front porch, I noticed that everything got very quiet, maybe muffled is a better description, it was like all the sounds of the town, like traffic, wind, dogs barking etc. sounded    distant and softer, like things sound when there is a heavy fog or heavy snow, but it was quite clear. As I was contemplating this very eery feeling, from the corner of my eye I saw a glint of light, I turned my gaze in the direction of this flash and saw what at first I thought was a constellation of large silver party balloons that had gotten free and were floating away, but as I watched them more closely,  I realized that they were not drifting in any direction and were a uniform shape. It was 4 hockey puck shaped silver lobes connected to each other by some kind of cross member and very large, I would estimate that each lobe was roughly 15' in diameter and the distance of one lobe across to another was an additional 15' making it about 45' across.  The lobes were oriented to each other like four people sitting at a square table with an x connecting one person to the person sitting directly across from them. It was hovering perfectly still and noiseless about 200 yards to the northeast of my position and about 150 feet off the ground, right in the middle of town in the middle of a week day. It took 20 or 30 seconds for my mind to catch up with my eyes, after all I was not expecting to ever see anything like this so I think my comprehension of it was a bit delayed.  But as soon as I collected my wits, I realized I needed to get a picture of it, so I hurried  into my house to get my camera, a Kodak easy share 3.2 megapixel,  I don't recall what setting it was on.   Once I retrieved the camera I ran back outside, turned it on and snapped a picture, I tried to take more pictures but to my dismay the SD memory was full after the picture I took, I had to go through and delete some other pictures so I could have more space to take a few more pictures and maybe a movie of it, but as I scrambled to do this, I glanced up just in time to witness it zip away. This thing moved away to the north so fast it was completely out of sight in 2 or 3 seconds,  I won't even speculate about the speed, but it was very, very fast, also, it did this from a dead stop and absolutely noiselessly. Immediately after I lost sight of it, the muffled dull feeling lifted away and everything became very crisp and clear again and I noticed my heart was pounding so hard and so fast that I could literally feel and hear it through my heavy winter coat, I was very excited. At first I wanted to show everyone the great picture I took, so I uploaded it to my Facebook page, but that is all I did because, oddly, I received no comments about it, so I figured no-one thought it was real,   I shared the photo and the story only with my immediate family, until now, since then I have moved to a different, larger city where the chance of ridicule is lessened. Sadly, I put the SD card with the original photo in a safe place so I would not lose it, but there was a fire and it was destroyed, that is actually why I moved.  I think I’m more annoyed  that I lost that than the fact my house burned down.  At least I have the copy on Facebook witch I will save to my computer and send it along with this report. Everything that I have written down here is true and ac accurate as my memory allows,  I remember it like it happened today. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that date of sighting is approximate.  PD));42.3528;-111.3244
