Brilliant red star like object in the sky;2013-07-05 22:45:00;2 minutes;Brilliant red star like object in the sky July 5th, 2013  My son and I were traveling west bound on a county road in Douglas County MN, north of Alexandria at 10:45 pm.  While at a stop sign we noticed a red object in the sky directly in front of us.  This object was star like in appearance and about the size of a large star.  I’m not sure how far away it was but it wasn’t close to us, the best I can guess it was about as high as a commercial jet would be and at a 45 degree angle.  The reason it caught our attention is the color.  I have never seen a star like object with this type of color.  It was a brilliant red color with a tint of orange, but more on the red side.  This object didn’t appear to be moving and because of our curiosity we continued west to find a better spot to pull off of the side of the road and look at it.  It is wooded on both sides of this road and by the time we found a spot where we could get a good look at it, it began to fade and within a couple of seconds it disappeared.  We continued west and began to talk about something else and my son said, “There it is”.  It was about 4 to 5 minutes between the time it disappeared and the time it reappeared.   We quickly found a spot to pull over, stopped and got a good look at it.  We tried to take a picture with my cell phone, but it didn’t work.  My son took our binoculars out and said that it looked like a regular star, but it was bright red.  Before I was able to look at it through the binoculars, it again disappeared.  We never saw it again.  Total good observation time was about 2 minutes. I had my private pilot’s license a number of years ago, I am an amateur astronomer and am reporting exactly what we saw.   It was not an airplane, any type of fireworks or anything that I can explain.  I have seen many satellites before, the International Space Station, all types of aircraft and it was none of the above.   Being a person who has looked through a telescope (6” Meade reflector) many times, it wasn’t Mars!   To sum it up, we saw this thing twice, it disappeared twice.  It was bright red, red-orange.  It didn’t appear to move.  There were no clouds in the sky.   Being a person who does not make stuff up, I can’t say it was some type of space craft, but was out of the ordinary.    Thanks;45.9705;-95.3108
