Multiple lights:  flashing, speeding, flaring, and chasing each other.;2015-12-03 20:10:00;hour;Multiple lights: flashing, speeding, flaring, and chasing each other. I don’t know how to measure the speed or distance of any flying objects.  I can only give a report relative to my own knowledge. I was driving on highway 116 in Texas, heading north toward Gatesville, around 8:10 pm (pure nighttime, clear skies and no visible moon).  To my right (northeast) in the sky there was a flare of orange light, it appeared to be a four-pointed diamond in the sky.  From my vantage point it looked about the size of headlight.  The shape then appeared to move in a horizontal fashion (left to right, or west to east) while multiplying, so that there appeared to be three aligned orange diamonds, before it merged into a single shape and then disappeared.  It was about midway in the sky, well above the treeline.  The spectacle lasted about five seconds. I pulled over and grabbed my phone, but it had already ended.  However, in its absence there were multiple moving lights, each about the size of a star.  There were suddenly about three or four of them in the northeast sky, all moving in different directions.  They were blinking rapidly like a strobe light and moving considerably faster than a plane.  There was also inexplicably a shooting star that flashed between them.  I got out of my car and tried to get video but they were too dim to be recorded.  I immediately noticed that to my left (northwest) there were even more of the fast moving blinking lights, about four more.  There was a rash of these blinking lights spread across the entire sky.  Unlike the diamond shape, which was still horizon-level, these lights were moving freely about much higher, like satellites.  It was admittedly hard to gauge their exact direction due to their strange lighting, but it still genuinely looked like they were disappearing and reappearing throughout the sky. I called my friend and observed the lights for about another ten minutes.  I saw what looked like a normal plane-large, slow-moving, and with green blinking lights- appear on the northwest, heading east.  Suddenly two more very bright, very big white lights appeared directly, distantly above me.  They were about plane sized.  They seemed to be high in the atmosphere but once again, I could easily be mistaken there.  The two lights were moving down, one heading toward east and another toward the west.  The westbound light suddenly made a sharp turn RIGHT, heading directly toward the other light.  There was a loud whirring sound, like a divebomb.  My friend on the phone heard it as well. It had a made a clear curving turn and accelerated.  It was chasing the eastbound light.  Combined with the noise and the pursuing object’s speed, I thought that I was going to witness a collision.  I hung up the phone to record-however, both lights (still heading east) then grew dim and diminished in size, until they disappeared. I continued to watch the skies for another twenty minutes.  While there was still an excess of moving lights (about four to six, ranging one eastern edge of the sky to the west), they were now dim and twinkling and unremarkable.  They all seemed to eventually vanish.  However, there was yet another orange diamond shape that erupted, the same size and location as the first one.  It simply flashed out a single orange gleam, and was gone. I waited another ten minutes, but nothing happened.  By now it was around nine o’ clock. I drove for another ten minutes to my destination.  While there I waited outside and continued to watch the stars.  Sure enough, in the east there was a blinking white light jetting across the sky toward the west.  This light was about plane sized.  About midway across (at the northern point) it suddenly seemed to stop, but it was in fact only moving very slowly.  It had very instantaneously dropped its speed- however the blinking rate of the lights was still the same.  It then slowly flew eastward until it was out of sight. Though I watched for more, nothing happened afterwards of note.;31.1993000000002;-97.9304000000003
