A cluster of spinning red lights which formed into a diamond shape.;2000-09-30 21:45:00;approx 5 min.;A cluster of spinning red lights which formed into a diamond shape. It started off as a cluster of red lights (maybe 5 or 6).  The cluster then started to slowly spin on its side.  It then spread out in to a diamond shape and hovered in the sky for approximately 30 seconds.  After that, it faded in to the darkens. As it was fading we called our friend to come outside.  Before she came outside it had disappeared for approximately 1 minute and reappeared in the sky.  This time there was a white light, which started off small and grew bigger.  There was also a red light next to the white light on the right side.  The last 2 lights we saw in the sky were there for approimately 1 minute and disappeared.  After that there were no more lights. ((NUFORC Note:  NUFORC received multiple reports from the north Los Angeles area about this incident.  We are still uncertain as to what caused the event.  At least one newspaper reported that it had been caused by sky divers with flares attached to them as they descended.  However, one large group of observers at a church function allegedly witnessed the event for a measured 22 minutes, probably longer than sky divers could remain suspended beneath a parachute during a typical jump.  We will continue to investigate.  PD));34.1736797535212;-118.380437676055
huge silvery light  flys into atmosphere, then flys overhead in North Hollywood.;2010-03-31 20:15:00;8 seconds;huge silvery light  flys into atmosphere, then flys overhead in North Hollywood. I was in my hot tub in my backyard watching the dark sky. It was right about 8:10 or 8:15 pm on Wednesday March 31, 2010. I noticed what looked like a dim star or something moving too fast to be an aircraft. I thought maybe I can follow it with my eyes so I looked and sure enough I could see a craft moving at incredible speed. By the size of the airplanes that fly over, I estimate it to be bigger than a house and smaller than a school auditorium. The best way I can describe its flight pattern was a lot like A stunt kite. It moved in from high up almost straight above me from NE to SE but it got bigger doing so. The object then began to move evasively like a stunt kite from East to West looking much bigger as it passed. It was the color of a faint star but as big as a silver dollar at arms length. Which is huge looking in the sky The light eminating from it was lightly visible but visible none the less. (I am stone cold sober always.) As I watched it, I became terrified. I felt something was different about this one. This blurry glowing blob moved at incredible speed. It made no sound. I live a few miles away from the airport but that is some 4 miles to the South from me and all planes land behind me and are much much closer to the ground. This object was straight up 12:00. Flying obviously by something guiding it. Every thing that flies over is a small dot. An airplane. But this was huge. I am a Quality Control Manager Trained by Boeing. I have seen alot of airplanes in my life and this was no earthly known craft to me. I sat there blinking in disbelief at first but after going over all know Planes and copters as well as military craft, I knew that this was extremely odd or off the charts for other worldly craft in comparison. the way it zig zagged,at a high mach speed. (This was not a flying triangle.) It was a much larger indistinct shape. I have seen strange things in the sky before but this time I am going to do something about it by reporting it. Thank you for help. Sincerely, anonymous.;34.1736797535212;-118.380437676055
