rhe saucer was round and was glowing in the sun.;2008-03-06 13:00:00;5 min;rhe saucer was round and was glowing in the sun. i was riding in spring hill and i saw a saucer type disc over a hill ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date of the sighting is approximate.  PD));35.7163;-86.9092999999999
Low flying,large object that made no sound, moved very slow and appeared to hover at times.;2009-12-10 22:00:00;5 mins.;Low flying,large object that made no sound, moved very slow and appeared to hover at times. At approximately 10:00pm CT I walked outside to get something out of my truck when I saw something out of my peripheral vision. I looked up to see an object overhead 3/4 of the way up from the horizon. The object was moving very slow almost hovering coming from a southerly direction.  The object continued to move from the south to the north very slow.  The object appeared to be disk shaped with several yellowish white lights and a red non-blinking light toward the middle of the object. The object continued to move from south to the north were it made a turn and moved toward the center of town. This object made no sound and appeared to be the size of a house. The object appeared to be 150'-500' from the ground.  I ran into the house and yelled for my wife to come outside and look at this thing flying in the sky.   Upon going outside my wife saw the object and told me to run and grab the camera.  I got my camera and tried to get some photos of the object but wasn't able to get a good shot.   I called the local police department to ask if anyone else reported seeing anything strange flying around the night sky.  The dispatcher told me that nothing was reported but would advise any officers in the area to keep a look out.  I then went back outside and continued to look in the sky to see if I would possibly see it again.  My neighbor who is a police officer then drove up and I walked over to tell him what I saw when all of a sudden it appeared again. The object came from the same direction as before almost like it was circling back around.  My neighbor told me the only thing he could think it might be was a military drone.  I asked him why a drone over Spring Hill?   He said he didn't know but looked a little to big to be a drone and was flying too slow.  The object moved off to the west and appeared to turn up on it's side so that you could see the top.  After the object moved out of sight I again asked my neighbor what he thought it could be and he shook his head and said I don't know.  Whatever this object was, i! t was large, very slow moving and didn't make any noise. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with this witness, and he sounded both sincere, and sober-minded, to us.;35.7163;-86.9092999999999
Three yellowish/white hovering, then quickly disappearing  in a blink/strange shaped air craft;2009-12-31 09:30:00;5 or 6 minutes;Three yellowish/white hovering, then quickly disappearing  in a blink/strange shaped air craft We live in Golf View Estates Sub Division in Spring Hill, TN, off of Kedron Rd. We were out watching our neighbors shoot fireworks from our back windows and my husband in the yard.  We then saw what we at first thought was an aircraft coming very fast.  It was unusually bright though. We thought it might be a plane on fire.  It was a very yellowish/white light.  Then it abruptly stopped and began to hover over our neighborhood.  It hovered then disappeared in a blink then two more air crafts came on very fast, hovered then dissapeared in a blink as well.  Some nieghbors down the street also saw because they were shouting and pointing.  We have never met them though so we have not discussed it with them.  We have never seen anything like this. We dont know what to think.;35.7163;-86.9092999999999
