Flash/Pulse of light shooting through Big Dipper;2006-05-28 20:45:00;1 second;Flash/Pulse of light shooting through Big Dipper I was in my kitchen, looking out the window facing the W/NW. (this was shortly after sunset, & the sky was just getting dark) I saw a Red fireball that got my attention, which was similar to a flare being fired.  I went outside a few minutes later to look in the sky & see if any of my neighbors might be shooting fireworks or flares... there were no other fireballs that followed.  I kept watching the sky, and was looking at the Big Dipper. (Which is almost perpendicular to the land horizon this time of year) At 8:45PM I saw a thick, white, flash/streak of light shoot through the center of the cup of the Dipper.  It came in from behind the handle & traveled between the 4 stars that make up the cup..... (Megrez, Phecda, Merak, & Dubhe.)  It was a perfectly centered path through the cup, & was 1/2 the width, or thickness of it. (If you were to scale the cup of the Big Dipper at let's say, 4 inches deep, the flash/streak would be 2 inches thick, by 4-6 inches long, & split the center perfectly, leaving an inch on both sides.)  The object/flash/ was not a bright streak like a meteor, but was more of a beam, or pulse. It was faint but clearly visible.  I'd say the brightness could be compared to the glow of the Milky Way on a good clear night.  It was a quick pulse, lasting about a second or just under, & then was gone.  It reminded me of the flash & beam/contrails of the 1991 Space Shuttle Discovery Video STS 48 ..... ...where an object is seen coming over Earth's horizon moving in a straight direction..... & then in the lower left corner of the screen a noticeable Flash occurs, which causes the object (along with a couple others) to suddenly change directions at a 90 degree angle & accelerate outward away from Earth.  Immediately following the mysterious flash, there are 2 beams/pulses/contrails that are visible speeding toward the direction of the main object that rose up over the Earth horizon.  The Flash/Pulse I saw go through the Big Dipper, was very similar to the ones that appear to be fired at the mystery object in the STS 48 Video.  This was unlike any other UFO sightings I've seen, & don't feel that it was a craft of any sort.... but then again, I just don't know.;35.7163;-86.9092999999999
