I saw a huge triangular object traveling at a high rate of speed while I was on my way to my evening shift at work;1999-10-26 19:30:00;15 seconds?;I saw a huge triangular object traveling at a high rate of speed while I was on my way to my evening shift at work While en route to work on the evening of October 26th, at approx. seven thirty, I saw coming towards me a very large tiangular shaped object. It was dark out, save for a basically full moon. I could tell its shape by an outline of white lights emanating from its periphory. It was in a relatively remote area, between Roy Wa. and Spanaway Wa. on a stretch of road that traverses the Fort Lewis military reservation. As I was driving, it seemed to come straight towards me, at a very low altitude. My instinct was to pull to the side of the road, almost to get out of its way. Then it turned immediatly to its right (my left), and dissappeared. It was so low, it almost appeared to go into the tall trees that border the road. I have been traveling this route, which is in the immediate traffic area of Mchord air force base, for quite some time, and have seen a lot of different types of aircraft, but this thing was bigger than any jumbo jet. Its travel path was very strange during the short time I saw it. Its turning characteristic seemed very abrupt, very unlike conventional aircraft. Just thought this might be significant, in light of some other recent sightings.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
At 22:40 pm three lights making a distinctive triangle in the sky was observe passing overhead at a high rate of speed silently.;2002-04-28 22:40:00;6 seconds;At 22:40 pm three lights making a distinctive triangle in the sky was observe passing overhead at a high rate of speed silently. At 22:40 Pm I was outside on my second floor deck brushing my teeth. I was taking in the planet Jupitor or Saturn trying to see how many planets I could see. I get the two mixed up of which is brighter. Suddenly three light came out of nowewhere while I was looking to the West. The three lights were moving at a high rate of speed in a West to East direction. The lights made up a triangular formation. My hous is a large house and my visual range is very good from my second and third floor decks. I saw the lights probably 1-2 miles away. The lights which were in a very distictive triangle mad no sound and was traveling at least 400 mph. I know this because I can see the jets entering for final for North bound land trafic from my house. As the lights passed over I noticed very distinctive crosses for each light. Each ligh looked like it was one of the sun flare crosses if you took a picture fith a cross hair lense on a camera. The lights seemed to apear a bluish color with a golden yellow center where the lines crossed. Each light was an individual cross and sepereated equally in a very clear triangular form if one was to conect the lights together. As the lights passed over there was no sound, you could not see a ship of any type, though the space between the lights did not look like normal night sky. The altitude appeared to be about 6000 feet to 4000 feet. I watched the lights travel to the East for aproxamatly 6 seconds looking for some kind of tail section or visual rear of a craft. The lights just simply disapeared. The craft simply vanished as if it were extremly thin or moved so quickly I could not see it any more. Incredible speed in comparison of a jet. Within 10 seconds I visually was watching come into view in the area a large size jet bound for Seatac Airport on final. The lights of the jet were moving much slower than the craft which I was watching. Knowing Seatac landing patterns and altitudes for this kind of jet aircraft what I was watching was not a regualr aircraft. I understand night flying, I have been a pilot for 18 years and flying since I was 7.I am 41 now. I have loged over 450 hours of day and night flying. I have never ever seen any thing like this before. I am a science teacher here in Tacoma and I teach about planets and the night sky. I understand and know what is normal. This was not normal. The weather tonight was totally clear, with a temperature around 50 degrees and no visual fog or moisture in the air. On a clear day I can see Mt Rainier, and the cascade range. The craft would have been over the cascades in seconds at the rate it was moving. I consistantly watch aircraft traveling and turning into SeaTac for landings. This craft should have been visible to the aircraft that was heading north and a second aircraft which apeared shortly after the first. The three light should have been in Radar space of both McHord Airforce base and SeaTacs Air space and should have been picked up on radar. The craft clearly was cuting accross in front of the large jet heading Northeast. I wrote all that I could quickly as possible to atleast have some written record.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Saw triangle close up through 12 inch Dobsonian telescope. Duration of observation approximately 1 min.;2005-05-27 23:59:00;1 min;Saw triangle close up through 12 inch Dobsonian telescope. Duration of observation approximately 1 min. I was out Friday evening May 27, 2005 looking at the night sky here in Tacoma, Washington with my 12 inch Dobsonian telescope. It was a beautiful evening, full of stars, with no clouds or haze at all. I am situated here in a great location because even though I live in the city Tacoma, it is approximately 8 miles west of downtown and located at Point Defiance which is surrounded on three sides by Puget Sound. The sky is pretty dark here except for looking eastward towards downtown. I looked at Jupiter and notice to pairs of moons grouped tightly together on the left side of the planet. It was very interesting. CAVEAT: Because this is a Dobsonian telescope, everything is upside down and backwards, so the moons were really to the right of Jupiter if you could see them with your naked eyes. I went inside to look at my planetarium program to see which moons these were. I stepped back outside and walked up to my telescope to start viewing these moons. I looked up at Jupiter at 23:59 when I noticed a very bright deep red light ramping up and down in luminosity at a rate of approximately 1 cycle/second 5 degrees higher in elevation than Jupiter heading S-SW toward the horizon. My mind instantly searched for familiar clues to this object. It does not appear “right”. I then quickly looked for the familiar green FAA markings. None exhibited. OK, what? All this transpired in less than 5 seconds. I immediately grabbed my telescope and was determined to not this possible once-in-a-lifetime event get away from me. I spotted it with my finder scope and somehow kept it in the main field of view of the 2 inch wide angle 32mm eyepiece that I had in the telescope at the time. It was the show of a lifetime for me!  Now for my observation First of all, what I want to state here is that it was “tough enough” to keep this object centered to the best of my ability by hand in the center of my field of view during the 30-45 second period of observation, especially in the beginning, because at the closest point to me it was at a minimum of 10 diameters of Jupiter. Because of this, I concentrated only on what “I” thought was extremely unique to this craft. These were in two areas. 1)  The main deep red overpowering light in the center of the triangle. 2)  The apparent surprising (to me), non-flat bottom to this craft.   Let me now expound on the light Size and Intensity This light was extremely wide. It appeared to me to be approximately 1/20th to as much as 1/10th the diameter of the bottom of the triangle. It was extremely bright when it would ramp up in 1second duration cycles. The intensity was extremely bright but soft, (diffuse). The intensity at maximum was as bright as on-coming passenger jet headlights when they are heading directly towards you, (but this light WAS NOT pointed in my direction, but was straight down 29 degrees in elevation S-SW of me). Also, there was one other small red light at the right triangle tip blinking in unison with the main one. I did not notice one on the left side, but this may be due to the angle of the craft. Now for the Hue Almost, but not quite, as deep red as a street blinking stop light with a “true” glass lens and “filament” type bulb. The reason I stress here a “Filament” type bulb is because it is the closest analogy that I can come up with that describes the ramping up and down of the main light at 1 cycle intervals. If you can picture one of these lights as described above blinking on and off at a 1cycle/second intervals, but never going completely out before it starts increasing in intensity again. This most accurately explains what I saw. All this is happening on a non-wavering linear repetitious cadence.   Now for the “bottom shape” of the craft 	If you notice on any kind of modern jet aircraft, the main wing has a dihedral, (note Dihedral is an angle raising the centerline of the wing tip above the centerline of the wing root). This angle appeared to me about a similar 3 degree angle starting at it lowest point from the front tip of the craft, running straight to the rear, dissecting the rear flat edge of the triangle in half. This angle then moved upwards both to the left and right tips of the triangle. Hypothetically I would suspect if you saw this thing on the ground in the daytime from the rear the bottom would have a chevron shape to it, (if this helps). Now for the bottom’s “reflective property” One thing that was quite evident in the telescope was how reflective it was. I could plainly see that the glow from ground illumination was casting a whitish soft glow to the bottom. Now for the “interesting” part of this observation that may make this light different from any normal light that “we” may know about. As bright as this center light did ramp up to, it never cast ANY portion of this to the bottom whatsoever. The light would be intensely bright but you could see right adjacent to it the glow effect from ground lighting without ANY hue change. It was quite amazing to see.   	Other Observations  Apparent observed height From the elevation above horizon (29 degrees), and it’s width of 10 Jupiters minimum, the best guess I can come up with is 1-3K feet. Very close to the ground. An explanation of this is warranted here I am an amateur astronomer and avid aircraft enthusiast. I know a lot of different aircraft from the WWII era to modern day. I have been a multi-year Boeing Museum of Flight member, gone to air shows for years, etc. This craft appeared to be in altitude of about in between the height of C-17’s landing a few miles south of here at McChord Air Force Base & passenger jet aircraft heading north to Sea-Tac.  Speed I would estimate that it must have been slower than passenger jet. The reason I say this is because I have tried following passenger jets at this angle of elevation above the horizon in the past and they are too fast to track. Even with this 2 inch wide angle 32mm eyepiece that I have.  Sound None apparent. Could be that it was too far away to hear though.  Flying Characteristics Smooth, gliding, graceful, effortless. No yawing, pitching, front point always staying straight ahead in the line of travel.   	Personal Observations 		I spend every moment that I can outside for quite a few years now and never have seen anything “out of the ordinary”. Nothing, since I had when I was a child, very many years ago. I have been listening to Jeff Rense now for quite a few years and have been hearing the “I went out for a cigarette” routine. Well isn’t it ironic that I have been patiently waiting for years for this chance and just the night before this sighting, I then finally said to myself “Gee, for heavens sake, am I ever going to see anything myself? Then 24hours later, Wham! 		It almost makes you think “Is someone reading my thoughts?”. What a coincidence, that’s all I can say. What are the odds on that? 		One other small thing, If only I had come out 10 seconds earlier it would have been right over my head. I kick myself over that one. The only good part of this is that I would have never been able to track the craft with my telescope. At this angle it would be too fast to track.  		 	“Ours” vs. “Theirs”  		In some respects, I would think “Ours”. 		Examples 		Speed. Non-wavering flying. Dihedral “type” angle making you think, lift.  		In other respect “Theirs” 		Examples 		The intensity of the light. None of this light reflects on the bottom, but the glow of the street lights below, do. No FAA markings. The sheer beauty of this thing.   	“Ours”? Doesn’t make sense to me 		If it IS a Black Project, why fly it low over Tacoma? Ok, so you aren’t worried about someone taking a “pot shot” at the thing. Then why put the biggest, brightest, red-light in the world and stick it on the bottom, adverstising “Look at me!” “Look at me!”;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
V/Triangular Object over Tacoma Washington;2005-09-18 18:00:00;20 + minutes;V/Triangular Object over Tacoma Washington On 9/18 of 2005 my wife,mother in law and myself witnessed an object in the sky over Tacoma Washington, it was a v or triangular shape and appeard to be at an altitude well over 4000 feet.  For roughly 10 minutes it did not change position then it moved at a medium pace (under 400mph) what appeared to be several miles to the east never changing altitude.  The visual size of the object indicated it was much to high to be a helicopter and since it was hovering for several minutes it was not a plane, my mother in law thought it was a kite, but the distance it covered was much further than would have been possible with a kite even at high altitude.  It did not change elevation at any time that it was witnessed only physical position in a course from west to east.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
((HOAX??))  1 ship above bose elementary 3 lights on the ends.;2006-05-02 00:15:00;7 seconds;1 ship above bose elementary 3 lights on the ends. The ship was about 100 feet above us my girlfriend noticed it first and told me to look up as i did i saw a craft with three lights as it hovered above us.  After noticing it i shined a laser pointer on is and it slowly went from a dead stop above us flew about 300 feet and then the lights on it split off and disappered into a blue and white sideways tornado that looked like it could suck in anything but there was no gravatational fluxing what so ever. ((NUFORC Note:  Possible hoax, we believe.  PD));47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
((NUFORC Note:  Vessel on surface.  PD))  Photographed triangular obj. moving slowly 30'-50' over Tacoma Narrows, heading N, 2min dur.;2007-01-24 11:46:00;2 minutes;((NUFORC Note:  Witness determines that object in fog was, in fact, an object seen floating on the surface of Puget Sound.  See addendum below.  PD)) Photographed triangular object moving slowly 30'-50' over Tacoma narrows heading north: 2min duration. I’m a photographer.  I was on the walkway along the beach at Titlow Beach Park in Tacoma, Washington between 8:30 and noon 24 January 2007.  I was there for the purpose of photographing trains on the BNSF tracks that run along the shoreline.  While waiting for trains I photographed cormorants perched on pilings just offshore using a Nikon D80, Nikkor 70-200mm lens with a Nikkor TC2EII teleconverter. There was a varying layer of fog over the area during this time period with the sun occasionally shining through.  While looking for a good shot of the cormorants I saw two bright reflections coming through the fog (looking west across the water).  At first I thought them to be reflections from windows on a house across the narrows on Point Fosdick.  But as I watched the reflections were moving slowly northward.  I estimate they were moving about 5 mph. I zoomed my lens to 400mm and looked at the reflections through the camera-lens.  Through the lens I saw that the reflections were coming from two rectangular surfaces on a triangular shaped object.  The object appeared to be roughly 30’-50’ above the surface of the water.  I watched it for about two minutes.  It was difficult to judge the distance above the water due to the fog obscuring the far shoreline.  I estimated the object to be a half mile away.  I wondered if I was just seeing the top of a barge or tug but I could see nothing below the triangle which I could see fairly well.  I shot two photographs of the object.  In subsequent review of the images I can discern nothing below the triangular object. I heard no sound that I could attribute to the object although I could hear traffic noise from the Narrows Bridge a mile to the north.  After taking the two photos I looked around to see if there was anyone nearby to ask if they had seen the object.  There was nobody nearby and when I looked back the object was gone.  I continued to look out across the water for the next five minutes or so and did not see the object again.  I specifically looked farther to the north to see if this was a barge or tug and did not see anything even though the fog was thinner in that direction and I could clearly see the Dockwise, the bridge deck carrier ship anchored under the bridge. ((ADDENDUM #1 OF 2)) Here are the two original images I photographed 24 Jan 2007 of a triangular object moving slowly northward over (estimate 30’-50’) the Tacoma narrows.  Photos taken westward from the shoreline along Titlow Beach Park, Tacoma Wa toward Point Fosdick. ((name deleted)) I’m really hoping someone can identify this object so that it will no linger be ‘unidentified’ to me. ((END ADDENDUM)) ((ADDENDUM #2 OF 2)) Hello, I really thought I’d seen and photographed a UFO yesterday 24 Jan 2007.  I emailed the two original images to this email address yesterday. I spent several hours yesterday enhancing the images using photoshop and consulted with some photographer friends of mine.  We came to the conclusion that I had become disoriented in the fog and my perception of where the far shoreline was in my photos was incorrect.  We have also come to the conclusion that what I photographed was in fact something floating IN the Tacoma narrows rather than something moving ABOVE the narrows.  Our best guess is that it is a partially sunk dock that has broken away from its original mooring. I went back out to the location this morning and using the same camera, lens and focal length re-shot the scene from the exact same vantage point using the same two pilings as reference. I’ve enclosed a photoshopped image of my now tentatively identified ufo with a line marking where the far shoreline really was (upper line) and another line (lower) to indicate where I had thought the far shoreline was in the fog.  I superimposed today’s image over yesterday’s to locate the lines. I’m very sorry to have taken your time and even sorrier that I filed a report when in fact what I saw was not a UFO.  Please know that I did not do this as a hoax at the time I really thought that what I saw was slowly floating 30’-50’ feet above the water.  Also, until I had the chance to enhance the image using photoshop (unfortunately after I’d made my call and report) I could not make out the details of the object I’d seen with my eyes. Again, I’m sorry to have taken your time.  Can you please remove the report I made from your database? Thanks in advance, ((name deleted)) ((END ADDENDUM #2));47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Silent, Triangle shaped craft over Tacoma, WA;2008-02-27 00:12:00;6 seconds;Silent, Triangle shaped craft over Tacoma, WA February 27, 2008 12:35 AM:   UFO Sighting or Secret Aircraft?  At 12:12 or 13 AM this date I witnessed a delta shaped aircraft or whatever of some kind over Tacoma, WA that was totally silent and a medium grey slightly towards the light grey side.  Just a little darker than the cloud that it flew over. I followed my wife outside with our dog for her last potty break before we planned on going to bed.  She and the dog went out the back door, which faces east.  I followed and stopped at the edge of our back porch to light a cigarette, but before lighting it, I looked to the east, up into the sky. I saw movement and noticed a triangle shaped craft at what I estimate to be 1500 to 2000’ in altitude about three seconds before it flew over a small cloud from south to north where it became invisible due to the color of the craft, and the thickness of the cloud.  As it moved north, I was able to see movement through thin spots in this cloud, but only two times.  The total time of this sighting did not last more than 5 or 6 seconds. This craft was moving at about 200 to 250 mph.  I base this on the fact that C-17s from McCord AFB fly over my home every day of the week, usually with full flaps and gear down, doing touch and goes. I do not know the speed of the C-17, but if for touch and goes with flaps and gear, I think they are traveling at about 200mph or a little less. A very large fir tree sits on the block just to the east of me.  When standing in the same place on my porch, extending my arm full out and placing my thumb on the top of the tree and where my little finger ended with my fingers spread out is the altitude this craft was at. With my hand spread out like that, my little finger will be on Orion and my thumb just shy of Sirius. There were no signs of any lights on this craft and it moved in a straight line and was approximately directly overhead of somewhere between D St. and Pacific Avenue South that run North and South in Tacoma, WA. At the distance is was from me I could put stretch my arm out, place my thumb over it and the tips of the wings could be seen just slightly past my thumb.  The tail of the craft had a slight protuberance past the back of the triangle. The craft flew in a straight line from south to north. There were no visible lights or marking of any kind. No exhaust trail. Not any hint of a cockpit or any raised part above the craft. However, the most peculiar thing is it was totally and completely silent. My wife did not see it as it happened too fast for me to even tell her until it was over with. There were no aircraft in the immediate vicinity.  None from McChord and just a couple several miles away in flight patterns in and out of Sea-Tac Airport. I am 66 years old, served eight years in the US Air Force as an aircraft electronics tech for radio and radar and retired from a 30 year job as a Traffic Signal Technician.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Large triangle shaped UFO over Tacoma observed by 3;2008-09-07 22:15:00;10 minutes;Large triangle shaped UFO over Tacoma observed by 3 On September 7th 2008, at approximately 10:15pm, my roommate and I witnessed what appeared to be a UFO in the western sky over our house in Tacoma. What I saw was 2 lights that had the appearance of satellites in the sky, in a second or two after seeing them we noticed the third light appear forming a large triangle. These lights were moving in unison with each other and were moving slowly to the southeast, I ran inside and woke up my girlfriend and had her come out to see them as well. When we came out the object was still in the sky, but started moving more in a southern direction. Within a minute or two the object did another series of slow turns, first east and then again in a southbound trajectory, flying away from us. Then the lights went out, first the front, then rear left, and finally rear right. The object itself could not have been made out without the lights. It made no sound. It seemed to be flying very high, and the lights appeared as satellites do in the night sky. One could have even mistaken them for stars at a glance. The three light seemed to be fixed in that pattern the single light forward and the others in back relative to the direction it was traveling. There was only deviation in the pattern when the object changed direction, giving the appearance of banking. The distance between the front and back lights was around 4 inches at arms length, and the rear lights were spaced approximately 2 inches at arms length. We live on a flight path where C-130's do their final approach for landing. Every night we see commercial air traffic from the SeaTac airport. I have never in my life observed something like this in the sky.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Triangle light formation seen moving in Tacoma night sky, for the second time.;2008-09-10 22:15:00;5 minutes;Triangle light formation seen moving in Tacoma night sky, for the second time. Once again my roommate and I witnessed the same configuration of lights on Sept 10th at 10:15pm. (same time as on the 7th) Below is my previous report. The object (or possibly objects?) was seen under the same constellation and followed the same flight path as on the 7th.  (original report) On September 7th 2008, at approximately 10:15pm, my roomate and I witnessed what appeared to be a UFO in the western sky over our house. What I saw was 2 lights that had the appearence of satelites in the sky, in a second or 2 after seeing them we noticed the third light forming a large triangle. These lights were moving in unison with eachother and were moving slowly to the southeast, I ran inside and woke up my girlfriend and had her come out and see them as well. When we came out the object was still in the sky, but started moving more in a southern direction. within a minute or two the object did another series of slow turns, first east and then ended in a southbound tragectory, flying away from us. Then the lights went out first the front then rear left and finally rear right. The object itself could not have been made out without the lights. It made no sound. It seemed to be flying very high, and the lights appeared as satelites do in the night sky. One could have even mistaken them for stars at a glance. The three light seemed to be fixed in that pattern the single light forward and the others in back relitive to the direction it was traveling. There was only deviation in the pattern when the object changed direction, giving the appearance of banking. The distance between the front and back lights was around 4 inches at arms length. We live on a flight path where C-130's do their final approach for landing. Every night we see commercial air traffic from the SeaTac airport. I have never in my life observed something like this in the sky.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Triangle formation sighting in Tacoma, WA;2009-04-30 22:45:00;30 seconds;Triangle formation sighting in Tacoma, WA My two friends and I heard what sounded like a rocket going into the air.  We went to the higher deck in our apartment complex and looked up into the sky.   Right then we saw a really fast and quiet object flying through the  sky.  It had four beams coming off each light, two sets of three lights in a triangle formation.  We went to find where the sound was coming from to see if they were related and discovered it was blowoff from Simpson Craft Mill.   We all three are just flabbergasted about the incident and had to report it somewhere.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
3 orange lights in triangle formation w/a red light in the center of the triangle;2012-11-01 20:50:00;15 minutes;3 orange lights in triangle formation w/a red light in the center of the triangle I was talking to my Mom on the phone while I was driving south on I-5 (SW) coming from Fife into Tacoma just passing over 20th S East. When above the freeway over between the Tacoma Dome and McKinley Park area there was an object that had made this sharp turn that looked like an equilateral triangle with 3 orange lights at each tip and another red glowing light on the center. what caught my eye was the sharp turn that it made showing the four lights on the bottom of the craft.  I told my Mom about the craft and she told me it was probably the Stealth flying low, as I had told my Mom that I had seen that flying over by McChord Air Force Base years ago.  I explained to her that the this was much bigger than the Stealth and that the shape was wrong and that when I had seen it at night it was per the News Tribune a test flight to see how the plane would react to our rainy weather up here in Tacoma VS California. Of note the I-5 Highway was damp on the road where t! he cars didn't drive due to rain earlier that evening. I slowed down on the freeway and continued to watch the object as I got closer to the McKinley Park and Tacoma Dome area the object floated over the McKinley Park Hill, and disappeared over the hill.  I thought once I got around the curve to the exit for highway 16 I could see if the flight path was over the freeway going into Joint Base Lewis McChord, the normal flight path for the cargo and jet planes that fly into the base.  In the 3 mins it took to get to the exit there was nothing. No planes in the air, nothing. I ended my call to my Mom when I got home a few mins later.  That weekend I asked our MUFON State Director about what color the lights are on a normal aircraft and he told me.  Since then I have been trying to locate any aircraft with lights like that and I cannot find any;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Boomarang in shape 3 lights;2013-09-12 20:30:00;3 minutes;boomarang in shape 3 lights I was driving south bound I-5 about 3 miles ahead of me were 3 very bright lights and very low.  As I approached the 3 lights the object was so low I thought it was a plane that was going to crash on the freeway, so did everyone else traffic almost came to a stop.  As I got closer, the three lights turned into 6 lights and I could see two separate objects moving very slow too the east on one of the objects had something smaller come out of the rear of the larger object and all 3 objects drifted to the east until they just vanished into the night.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Two, dark black triangle shaped objects in eastern sky in Tacoma, WA.;2015-06-19 21:43:00;5 minutes;Two, dark black triangle shaped objects in eastern sky in Tacoma, WA. Two, dark black triangle shaped objects were seen by my wife and myself in the eastern sky from our home on 22nd ave in Tacoma.  Both objects flew in a fast zig-zag motion for a few minutes, then both shot straight up into the sky and vanished.   The objects seemed to be about a few hundred feet away and looked to be the size of a small plane.   I am a 56 year old male and work in the lumber industry, and my wife is a 53 year old nurse.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
3 white sometimes sparkling &/orange objects together at 5pm!;2016-09-09 16:00:00;1-2+ hours;3 white sometimes sparkling &/orange objects together at 5pm! 4 reliable witnesses-  My 2 parents, myself (school teacher), and my 4 year old grand-niece.  Last night around 5:00 p.m. my mom discovered something in the clear bright blue sky. She told my dad and then they both called me to come outside to 'see what this strange object is'.  My mom then said 'it's not a plane but we can't figure out what it is'. I went outside and it was hard to see although it did sparkle and seem to reflect either the sun or had it's own light source.  We grabbed the binoculars.  Looking through the binoculars I could see that it at sometimes looked just white, and at others it was like an orange fire ball.  It wasn't moving quickly at all - seemingly staying in one spot for quite a while.  My mom then noticed that there were two more!  I was wondering if they were drones, skydivers, or something like that.  At one point they looked like they were triangular in shape and a ball at others.  They seemed also to be in a triangle formation- but since they were hard to see all the time we don't know if that was a pattern or not. I shot some footage with my dad's iphone- poor quality but you can see it on the iphone if someone knows how to 'zoom in' after the fact.  We weren't sure how long they would be in the sky so although we wanted to look at it through a telescope we didn't want to take our eyes off it it for too long in order to track one down. In hindsight we should have called the news!  Thought for SURE others would see it as well!  Thought we could 'google it' the next day but there was no reports that we know of!;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Bright triangle hovers in sky.   ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note:  Possible sighting of Venus.  PD));2017-02-19 19:50:00;10  minutes;Bright triangle hovers in sky. I walked outside for a smoke, when i noticed a very unusual bright light stationary above yet behind my father in laws house.  As i was standing there, i kept starring and asked my fiance to come outside.  Once he came outside it dimmed a bit.  He went to get his binoculors, it came back into view.  I stared at the light a bit longer.  The object started moving up and down yet staying in place.at that time i started to feel scared, and it seemed like whatever it was saw me staring.  I had a huge sense of fear and of being watched.  The object finally started moving towards me.  Which scared me more.  That's when i noticed it was shapped as a triangle.  it was dark inside the triangle, yet had very bright lights outlining the object.  As soon as my fiance came back with his binos, the object stopped.  And to me it looked like it started to back up.  It ended up dissapearing behind the clouds. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Bright illuminating diamond and round shape objects.;2017-09-27 21:30:00;45 minutes;Bright illuminating diamond and round shape objects. Around 8:30 pm pacific standard time a bright flashing light was spotted about the house.  The object hovered for several minutes before changing colors.  The  colors go faint as the object moves..  Minutes later several fast low flying airplanes appeared for at least 15 minutes.  At least three Unidentifiable aircrafts where spotted in the sky.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Green lights, black triangles.;2018-01-17 01:30:00;2 minutes;Green lights, black triangles. I was coming back from renting a video game and was driving south on Yakima Ave, I saw 2 green lights zip over the street, they were up pretty bigh. I thought they were an airplane cause I live by McCord AFB but they were going to fast,these things were moving.  I got to 56th in Yakima and saw them turn to the south, as they turned I saw the outline of 1, it was a triangle,it wasnt a stealth, it made no noise.  I turned right on 56th and watched as they flew away to the south west, the Planes landing at McChord never go that way, it was no plane I've ever seen and ive lived 3 miles from the base all my life,  this was unreal. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke via telephone with the witness, and he seemed to us to be quite sincere and sober-minded.  We suspect he is an excellent, and reliable, witness.  PD));47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
Lightless triangle aircraft-black- sighted overhead flying low directed east-northeast.  ((anonymous report));2019-06-25 00:10:00;3 seconds;Lightless triangle aircraft-black- sighted overhead flying low directed east-northeast.;47.228371748879;-122.461572197309
