Bright Orange in color like hot metal, deffinatly metal of some kind it made no sound and sat just above the trees at least as big as a;1997-08-15 01:00:00;3 hours;Bright Orange in color like hot metal, deffinatly metal of some kind it made no sound and sat just above the trees at least as big as a house. I was 20 years old and me and a freind decided to hitch hike out to Bigfork to see a girl freind of mine.we made it out there and decide to go to another freind of ours house. so we walked a ways to were is what they call Ferndale Montana  we were back in the woods and there was a small cluster of houses in that area so we walked up to my freinds house and knocked on the door, it was strange he wasnt home.  so I knocked louder right then it seemed the hair on the back of my neck stood up up my freind looked at me and must have had the same feeling because i could see it in his eyes so at the same time we both turned slowly around and  there it was right in front of us it wasnt very far about 60 feet away and  just above the trees just siting there at that moment i blanked like in a transe or something after a while i came out of my daze because my freind  shook me real hard and yelled stop it! I didnt relize what i was doing but i had taken my lighter out of my pocket and started flicking it as if to get its attention. then we got real scared it was real cloudy that night and i could hear a plane going threw the clouds and i could see it here ant there with its blinking lights but just before the airplane got directly above the thing it shrank out of sight, not like a light turning off but like shrinking into nothing but very fast and after the plane was gone it grew back, as if it were hiding. at this point me and my buddie were very scared we decided to jump into my other freind who wasnt home into his car and didnt want to see what was going on my freind fell asleep but i couldnt sleep i tryed but only for what i thought was a minute but we still argue about the time my freind says he slept for at least an hour but i dont realy know it feels to me we were only in the car for 5 min. anyways the thing was still the just watching us at least thats what it felt like. i was so filled with fear i felt like a trapped rat like no place i could go to hide. so we decided to leave the car so i got out and when my freind got out and shut the door the car alarm went off and it was a loud one but we thought it was weird that the neighbors dogs w wernt barking and none of the neighbors even woke up the whole time the glow from this thing was still lighting up the area  so we could see outside kinda and we knew it was still there but we didnt want to look anymore we were to scared. so finally i said to hell with it i just want to get out of sight i went and kicked my freinds door in and after all the confusion as to what was going on. out of exhaustion i fell asleep and the next morning called and reported what had happend the night before I was frusterated that they the cops didnt take me seriosly. but one of them gave me a 1-800 number to call but i never did i just wanted answers as to what happend. im sure the flathead county have me on record, Ive tryed telling freinds about that night now the freind  who was with me tells me to shut up, because when he tryed to talk to some about it they call him crazy, i mean who is going to believe us it reallly happend but it sounds so crazy that its ironic. well i know what we saw that night and it wasnt normal it wasnt earth gas or weather baloon ect. we saw something it to me it didnt have a very freindly vibe to it. since then i suffer from insomnia(cant sleep) and always have to watch the sky on a clear night because im afraid that if i dont that something might happen again. well this is my storie and every thing is told as the way it really happend i know there are many that could say things like this just dont happen but it happend to me so all i can say is wait and see .......thank you for letting me tell my storie ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));48.0619;-114.0769
