a white cigar-shaped object very high in the sky;2008-10-09 10:36:00;10 seconds;While I've always had an interest in UFOs and such, I've never seen anything strange in the sky, until today. Here's the story... I went outside to smoke a cigarette and enjoy the scenery as I do each morning. The sky was a clear blue with just a few thin clouds passing by. I looked up to the sky for no real reason and that's when I saw it - a white cigar-shaped object very high in the sky, probably at about 20,000 feet in altitude. The object was heading south/southeast and clearly had no wings. It was just a plain white cigar-shaped image with what looked like an aura of light around it. After watching the object for about ten seconds it occurred to me that this was not a normal aircraft I was seeing so I grabbed my cell phone to see if I could take a picture of it. At this time the object had traversed only about a quarter of the visible sky and I thought it would take another 20 seconds or so before it would be out of sight. I looked down to pull up my cell phone camera and when I looked back at the sky the object was already gone! This was only a few seconds later and I wondered at how the object could have disappeared so quickly since it was still in the middle of the sky when I'd looked away. It should still be there, I thought. Either way, the object had vanished completely and was seen no more. A minute or so later a commercial jet was seen heading east. Even though I could see only the profile of the jet, the wings were clearly visible. This is the part that made me think that I really had seen something strange because when the other object passed directly over head, any wings on it should have been easy to see against the open sky, but there were none. It was daylight when this sighting took place and no flashing lights were seen on the object, but the same could be said about the jet that followed. If the first object was a blimp, what was it doing so high in the sky and how could it have disappeared so suddenly? Beyond that, the object was moving much too quickly across the sky to have been a blimp or similar known flying object. Call me crazy if you must, but I think I just saw a UFO!  (note to editor - Peter, thank you for what you do! Hope you are having fun in your silo...);40.6911;-75.0287
