An object that ommitted a very bright light, almost looked like it had three lights on it.  ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect Venus.  PD));2009-02-28 20:00:00;about a half hour;An object that ommitted a very bright light, almost looked like it had three lights on it I was driving with my finance and son in the car towards property his grandparents owned.  He had a trailer on the property and we needed some stuff from.  On our way to the dirt road to get to the property I noticed a big bright object below the moon.  I didn’t want time seem weird but it stood out more so, but I thought it was just maybe Venus because it was normal to see Venus kind of big during this time of year.  It was brighter then Venus though and looked like it had three lights from it since it was giving off a very bright glow.  It still has my attention though and I keep my eyes on it, since it looked out of the ordinary and I was just trying to reason with myself. When we got up to the piece of property, my fiancé got out of the car to get to the trailer.  I was still watching this object trying to figure out why it was so bright. Then it started to move side to side, up and down, even looked like circles. I was alarmed since I was trying to figure out if I was out of my mind. I tried to debunk it too, but I was seeing planes in the distance flying and I could tell it was a plane too. But I could not tell this was a plane, it started to get closer then further away and it looked like it was flying at an angle to the left and tilted. It was weird. I told my fiancé when he came back to the car to sit in the driver passenger seat and look at this. He asked me, “Look at what?” and I replied, “Just come look.” He sits down and I point at the object and tell him to look. I asked him if I was the only one seeing this and he told me, “No, you are not. I can see it moving weirdly.” He left for a second trip and I told him to hurry since I was still alarmed. The object was still moving in a weird fashion and went out further in distance. It was still in the far distance and looked like it was searching for something. But we left at about 8:30pm and it was still in the far distance, when we hit the main canyon road we could not see it anymore. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect Venus.  PD));41.2747;-111.7658
