Dyersburg Tenn.  Four distinct colored lights in the shape of a diamond. Stationary for over forty five minutes.  ((Star??));2008-08-23 23:30:00;1.5 hrs;Dyersburg Tenn.  Four distinct colored lights in the shape of a diamond. Stationary for over forty five minutes. Saturday night at approximately 11:30 pm central time in Dyersburg Tenn. I noticed what I thought was a star off in the distance. The object was northwest of my location with distance unknown origin. It was low in the sky and what made me notice the object was the changing of colors. Red, white, yellow and a brilliant blue that sequenced in a rotary manner. The object remained in one position for over forty five minutes and never moved like a plane. It took the object over and hour to move away to the north west. The distance I can calculate from my position would put it in the range of 30 nautical miles over the state of Missouri in the boot heel region. The different array of lights the object had were flashing in different modes and alternated but a shape to the craft was never noted. I had no pictures or means to establish or document the event. I was hoping that someone else would report the incident to confirm what I had saw. There were commercial planes in the area and I would have thought that some of the airlines had made visual contact with the object off in the distance. The object could have been over the Kennett Missouri area but could have been much further away than that. This is the first incident I have ever witnessed and the occurrence has me baffled. Visibility Saturday night was 30 nautical miles and stars were out. The object at first appeared to be a star till I noticed that the flicker was different than a star. Upon viewing it through my binoculars, I noticed the object seemed to be rotating and had a light sequence not seen on any commercial air craft. I had no means of confirming with airports in the area nor the local police. Though I think more people than I witnessed the event that night.;36.0428;-89.3916
Multi-colored Lights, NE sky, 60x Telescope ((NUFORC Note:  Twinkling star??  PD));2016-09-06 00:30:00;Ongoing;Multi-colored Lights, NE sky, 60x Telescope Using a scope at 60x, two of us observed an object with red, blue, green, and white lights running very quickly in a circular pattern. The colors were very distinctly individual rather than blurred together. It was stationary except for one extremely fast maneuver eastward for what appeared to be about 500 yards. It probably moved much farther than that if you account for how far away it was. We couldn't even distinguish if it was in our atmosphere. Without the scope, it appeared to be as bright and visible as the most visible stars and of similar size. Due to the bright, flashing lights we couldn't distinguish any other details.  We watched it for about 15 minutes and checked the internet for any NASA reports concerning anything they might have up but there were none. We also attempted to take photographs but the camera phone didn't have the capability for decent night photos/videos.;36.0428;-89.3916
