I was driving down a stretch of highway, just outside of regina. I was about an hour or so from reaching moosejaw. With me was my mothe;1997-04-04 01:00:00;1 and a half hours;I was driving down a stretch of highway, just outside of regina. I was about an hour or so from reaching moosejaw. With me was my mother, and two sisters. In the distance ahead, I could see what looked to be a fog or smoke. I asked my mother if she could see it as well, and she to saw it. I thought that It may be smoke from a brush fire. As the car entered the smoke, or fog, I noticed that there was no smell to it at all. I found that to be very strange. If It was smoke, you would have smelled it. All of sudden on the the left hand side of the road, in the ditch area, appeared what looked to a spinning fireball. The center of the ball was a darkish orange, the outer part of it was like a lighter orange, almost yellow. All of us seen it, and were very shocked by it's quick appearance. I was not to sure what to think about it. But my thoughts of wonder, soon turned to fear, when I noticed the ball was about two feet above the brush in the ditch. So including the depth of the ditch, this ball was hovering about six feet off the ground. There was no fire, just a hovering bright ball, letting off a myst of some sort. It wasn't a hard decision, to step on the gas, and get away from that area as quickly as possible. If that wasn't strange enough, what happened afterwards was beyond crazy. We had cleared the haze, or myst, what ever it was. In the distance behind me, I could see in my rear view mirror, two head lights. I remember thinking to myself, did they see what we just saw? The next thing I knew, the headlights were right at the back of the car. I thought again to myself, this guy is movin. So i moved as far to the right as I possibly could, to let him pass. Along side of my car, came a black semi trailer. No markings, with blacked out windows. This truck pulled in front of the car, and reduced it's speed so quickly, I had to slam on my breaks. I though maybe he had experianced some problems or something. So I went to pass him. he swerved right into the lane I was going to make the pass in, almost hitting the front of my car. When I reduced my speed and went back into the right hand lane, the truck did the exact same thing. Out of no where, from the top of the trailer, two lights appeared, they looked like what may be dock lights, that a semi driver may use to back into a bay. They were bright, and hurt the eyes. Then from the top and sides of the trailer, a unknown substance was being released towards the car. I remember not being able to see, and almost bringing the car to a complete stop. The substance cleared, and to my surprise, the trailer was right in front of me, with no more bright lights. I remember switching lanes, and speeding as fast as I could past the truck. I looked in the mirror, and saw the headlights behind me. When I took a second glance back. They were gone. We soon after pulled into the truck stop in Moosejaw. I remember getting out of the car, and waiting for the semi to come up the highway, it never did show. As I said at the start, we were an hour or so out of Moosejaw when this happened. When I looked at my watch in the truck stop, nearly four hours had passed. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));50.4498398706898;-104.612845689656
Glowing orange object in sky, saw it from directly below, was rounded in shape;2010-08-09 22:00:00;30-40 seconds;Glowing orange object in sky, saw it from directly below, was rounded in shape Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. The evening of Monday, August 9th, I was walking my dog along our regular route, which I have walked for many years. It was approx 10 PM.  I was walking southbound along a small creek.  It was a hot, humid night, clear dark sky, no moon that I could see. To my left, eastward, an object came into view over the treetops.  For a second, I thought it was a full, orange, harvest moon.  It was about the size of a large full moon in the sky and glowed orange. It took me a second to realize that the object was moving, travelling east to west.   I then thought it had to be a meteor. However, this object did not streak or fall, nor did it have a trail. I stood there gaping at it as it passed directly overhead when it was directly above me the orange glow became an orange halo around what i could see was an object with rounded edges.  It appeared to be maybe 3500-4000 up was completely silent, and travelled somewhat faster than an airplane,  While directly above, the object appeared about dime size in the sky. I watched the glowing fireball object as it continued west, until it was just a dot in the sky, and then i couldn't see it anymore.  The entire event was about 30-40 seconds in duration.  I was completely mind-boggled  I literally could not believe my eyes.  I did snap a couple pics with my phone camera after it had passed overhead, but the object appears much smaller and further away than it actually was.  I'm not a photographer didn't think to use the video camera feature, did not even think to zoom in. I called the local Airport Authority the following day and asked if this could have been a weather balloon, or if anyone else had reported seeing this weird glowing thing in the sky.  I was advised they had no reports also that it would not have been a weather ballon. I'm completely at a loss as to what it could have been.  Googling since then, i have learned that these fireball sightings are common recently!  I can attest that the one i saw was not a ball as when it passed directly overtop of me I could see that it was most definitely not lit up or glowing from the bottom. I still can't quite believe it! I have never seen anything like this! I did not upload the pics, but would be willing to share them if asked.;50.4498398706898;-104.612845689656
The time was around 10:00 p.m. and me and a friend were watching a storm from the top of a building. We were up there for about 20 minu;2012-07-07 22:00:00;30 seconds;The time was around 10:00 p.m. and me and a friend were watching a storm from the top of a building. We were up there for about 20 minutes when I then saw an orange orb come out from a building.  The Orb flew out horizontally and then switched to fly completely vertically. It then proceeded to plain out again and slowly gain altitude into the clouds.  The sighting lasted around 30seconds. It seemed to be no more than a mile away to me.  This whole ordeal happened around very heavy and dark storm clouds.  I would have loved to get a video of the sighting but my phone isn't exactly new age.   Apparently the phenomenon has been happening around Regina for the last month and a half.  Hope this helps. ((NUFORC Note:  The source of the report suggests that the alleged sighting occurred in both Saskatchewan and British Columbia.  We have written to request clarification, but have not heard back from the witness.  PD));50.4498398706898;-104.612845689656
