Driving east towards avon park on hwy 98 look up in the sky and saw a burnt-orange fireball. It would fade out and and glow back in ano;2000-02-08 17:15:00;1.5 hours;Driving east towards avon park on hwy 98 look up in the sky and saw a burnt-orange fireball. It would fade out and and glow back in another position in the sky. As i reached hwy 27 i turned south and saw toward the eastern sky three (same color) fireballs. Theses three fireballs would be as far apart from each other as two miles, and as close as 200 feet. The last one I seen that night was @ 8:45 South of Lake Placid, Fl. There is a Air Force bombing range nearby, but I know of no activity going on there at night. It is mostly a reservist base. I also hunt the land there through their lease program, and I never have seen any activity at night. Also two years ago when a friend and I were going to go hunt there, we saw the same thing (two orange fireballs) east of Wauchula, Fl. nowhere near the bombing range. I think this in my mind rules of any kind of military flares. I am a truck driver so I headed South towards Miami, and did not see anything else.;27.5984;-81.4988
Fireball UFO- Avon Park, FL.;2012-01-25 16:30:00;15 seconds;Fireball UFO- Avon Park, FL I heard peter on the coast to coast am show on April 10, 2013 and I decided to fill out this form after hearing him say it doesn't matter how long ago someone saw a ufo.  This happened a little over a year ago when I was outside with my dog one afternoon. It was that time of day when it was still daylight but becoming cooler.  I was admiring the beauty of the sky overlooking the lake when I looked to the right I saw a ball of fire on the sky just hovering.It made no noise.  It was really bright and got brighter then bright then brighter (pulsing from bright to brighter).  I've never seen anything like this before.  I stood there in awe and I wanted to get a closer look so I ran inside to get binoculars, however after only being inside 10 seconds grabbing the binoculars, when I came back out, the bright fireball ufo was nowhere to be seen.  I now regret ever going back inside.  I've only told a few family members and friends.  My only other witness was my dog but she! can't talk. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));27.5984;-81.4988
