A large flying saucer with white lights all around it, in the greater L. A. area,;2001-10-31 20:00:00;five minutes;A large flying saucer with white lights all around it, in the greater L. A. area, On holloween night, October 31, 2001 I was going south on Rosemead Blvd. in the Arcadia/Temple City area, around 8 or 8:30 pm. I had an errand to run, and comming back home from the store there was a traffic accident on the intersection of Rosemead Blvd. and Longden Avenue. A police officer was involved, so all traffic going north was to detour on resdental streets.  I was heading North, and saw a flying saucer right in front of me,above the San Bernadino Mountains. I could not belive my eyes! I was alone in my car, expressing my disbelief in what I was looking at! It was very large, and there were lights all around the saucer. I pulled over to the curb to view it, but the street was lined with traffic, and I was causing even more traffic to build up.  That night we had a full moon, and the saucer was even bigger than what the moon appeared to be. It was hard to keep a full view of the craft since the street was tree lined.  As I was tring to keep the craft in view, I thought maybe it was a blimp.  It took me around two minutes, if that, to get back onto Rosemead Blvd.,  heading north bound. I was able to see it without anything blocking my view.  It's location seemed to me to be over the Glendale Mountain area, about 20 miles west of my area of Arcadia.  I know that if it were a blimp, it would have still been hovering over my area.  This has caused me concern as to why I had not heard of anyone else seeing it.  A friend of mine said she heard on a radio staion the next day,November 1st,01  that if anyone else had seen this flying saucer, to phone in and report their sighting, but said she did not know what radio staion it was, since she was not in her car at the time this request. If you, or anyone else knows of this sighting on October 31 st, 2001, please let me know.  If someone did this just because it was Holloween, I still have a problem tying to understand how, why someone would spend millions of dollars on such a prank.;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
