Large, bright stationary light in sky over eastern LA county.;2001-12-14 22:00:00;Slightly over 1 hour;Large, bright stationary light in sky over eastern LA county. As I left my office about 10pm I looked up into a clear sky in the east, and noticed a bright manilla colored light about 45 degrees above the horizon. This is also a view of the approach to LAX so you see the various aircraft at their various levels during approach.  This light was much larger and much brighter than the lights of the approaching aircraft. The light, at that distance was about 3/8 inches in diameter, and did not appear to be moving, as the other aircraft on approach were.  I took a minute or so to look at it, tried to figure out what it might be and when I couldn't left.  On my way home, I stopped to get something to eat which took about a half hour. When I got home and out of the car, I couldn't help but notice it was still there...still unmoving...total elapsed time from my first sighting of it was no about 1 hr. It was east of the belt stars of Orion. Being an amature astronomer I first tried to equate as an astonomical body but couldn't. It was much larger than Jupiter and Saturn which had already set by this time. It was too large and too yellow for Venus. It's color was like that of Saturn through a telescope. I ruled out astonomical and commercial aircraft. I gave up for the night and went in and went to bed. When I turned on the Coast to Coast program to listen to until falling asleep a guy called in from Santa Barbara and told the host (AB) about it. He said he and some friends were leaving an eatery in Santa Barbara when they spotted it. He described it exactly as I saw it to AB who began to ridicule him. He finally got angry and told the host to go out and look into the eastern sky about 30 degrees above the horizon. Finally the host said he'd do it at the next break. Given Santa Barbaras proximity to Los Angeles, it would have appeared lower on the horizon than it did from my vantage point. Unfortunately, I don't believe the show host could've seen it from his desert location. My best guess is that the farthest east it could've been would have been Palm Springs, CA. I hate trying to guesstimate distances and heights but I'd say it was probaby at about 7000 ft over the area of Riverside or maybe even further west. To rule out an astronomical body, I went outside the following night at the same time and there was nothing there. Had it been astonomical in nature it would have been there for a number of nights at least. I rued out a law enforcement helicopter which are prevalant in the area because they away's circle or move in some way...this object simply wasn't moving. ((NUFORC Note:  We do not know what the witness may have been observing.  However, we note that Jupiter currently is very prominent in the eastern sky during the early evening, and that it rises in the sky toward the zenith throughout the evening.  Unless there were two, prominent bright lights in the eastern sky, our first guess is that the observer might have been looking at Jupiter.  PD));34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
Approximately 10:45 PM on September 1, 2004 I observed an object moving from east to west while looking out my bedroom window which fac;2004-09-01 22:45:00;5 Minutes;Approximately 10:45 PM on September 1, 2004 I observed an object moving from east to west while looking out my bedroom window which faces south. This object was following the usual flight patter for aircraft going to Los Angles International Airport. However, what caught my attention was the color and brightness of the object and that it had no flashing lights like many aircraft do. The object was an orange color and seemed to be about twice the brightness of the other aircraft in the sky. I observed it for 2 minutes as it moved from the east to west in the southern horizon. Approximately halfway across the sky the object seemed to have stopped.  I then observed the object though my window screen using 10x binoculars. The object didn’t appear clear due to my screen being dirty, so I went out to my balcony with my binoculars and observed it there. This time I got a much better look at it and could not see any aircraft or shape in the bright orange light of the object. It appeared like a bight star about 5 times the size of the surrounding stars. Its color was that of hot burning coal, being that of a light orange color. While I observed it, the object was motionless and appeared to be hovering in the sky. I observed very closely thought my binoculars and this object didn’t move or drift at all. I could tell that it did not drift due to its distance from the background stars.  After 2 minutes of watching the object hover, it ejected a much smaller object about 1/10 its size. The second object was the same color as the first object and appeared to be about half as small as the background stars I was viewing though my binoculars. It appeared to fall straight down from the first object and left a streaking orange trail as if fell which then disappeared the farther it fell from the first object. This smaller object looked like a falling hot coal or ash, like someone would see at a fireworks display except there was no smoke or flame, just an orange glow. It might have been possible that there was another object in the streaking trail when the first one was ejected. It was hard to tell due to the glow of the streaking trail. I followed this second object as it fell for about 3-5 seconds. In that time it fell about half the altitude of the first object. I then looked back up at the first object to see if it would eject more objects. The original object didn’t eject anymore objects but this time it appeared to move towards the northwest. It moved slower to the northeast than it originally moved when it was going east to west. As it moved it went over the roof of my apartment and I lost sight of it, so I went downstairs to the parking lot to see if can follow its movements. When I got down stairs and looked to the northwest it was gone.  The object when first sighted was probably 3-4 miles to the south of me over the cities of El Monte, CA or Temple City, CA and then it moved north over Arcadia, CA where I was located. It was very hard to tell the size of the object or its height. I estimate that it was about 3000 to 4000 feet in altitude. However, it was very hard to tell its true altitude or the size of the object since it had no shape except that of an orange glowing light. Its speed was from what appears to be 100 MPH to zero.  It traveled about as fast as the background aircraft traffic when it was moving. There were numerous background aircraft traffic to the south of its position along the usual LAX landing patterns. Also there is the smaller El Monte Airport to the south about 5 miles away with mostly light private planes flying out of it. However, there were no background aircraft near the object itself, just in the distance several miles away. This object and the second object made no noise during the whole sighting.  When I first saw this object I simply thought was the standard aircraft that fly in the area. However, it was the brightness and the color of the object that got my attention. Observing it made me think that it was something other than an airplane or helicopter. First I thought that it was a balloon that was on fire, especially when I saw the other smaller object dropout of it. I thought that it was a burning ember falling from it and that it might land on someone’s house and set it on fire. Then I thought about it and realized that this light showed no flames and that if it was a balloon on fire that it would have burned up very quickly.  If it was a helicopter then I would have heard noise from it and it would have drifted a little even while hovering. This object made no noise and didn’t drift in the slightest when hovering. The light it emitted hid the shape of whatever object it was. Whatever this object was I don’t believe that it was any conventional flying aircraft.;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
Bright Light That Changed Intensity and Color, Then Disappeared;2010-07-29 21:10:00;20 seconds;Bright Light That Changed Intensity and Color, Then Disappeared I arrived at my home in the northern San Gabriel Valley on the night of Thursday 29 July 2010 at 21:10 PDT.  As is my habit, when I got out of the car I looked up and surveyed the nighttime sky. Looking in a south-easterly direction I noticed what looked to be an airplane. Again, as is my habit, I looked for the FAA lights (blinking red and green lights). I did not see any.  The light was pretty bright, so it's possible that, due to the angle and the brightness of the light, I just couldn't see them. I also noticed the speed, which seemed relatively normal for an airplane.  The trajectory was mostly straight, though for a moment I could have sworn that I saw it drift to the east just a bit. This could have been an optical illusion.  However, over the course of the 20 or so seconds that I was watching, I saw the light increase in brilliance.  The object seemed to get bigger, though this might have been an effect of the increasing luminosity, changing from an off-w! hite color to more of a resplendent white. This lasted about 5 seconds, after which the light dimmed, making the object seem as if it were getting smaller. As it dimmed it became blue, like so many stars.  What was left, for a moment, was a dim dot of light surrounded by an even fainter corona it resembled the dot of light that would be left in the center of the screen on old black-and-white televisions immediately after being turned off.  This lasted for just a moment, after which the dot became smaller and dimmer, until disappearing altogether. I kept looking at the sky for at least another ten minutes, in case it was an airplane that had turned it's lights off momentarily, but the light did not reappear.  I could not see the outline of any kind of craft, nor was there a sound to be heard.;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
I saw a white bright light ball flying in Arcadia, CA which was also seen by my fiance and friend.;2010-10-16 00:30:00;45 seconds;I saw a white bright light ball flying in Arcadia, CA which was also seen by my fiance and friend. The light object was seen by myself and 2 other friends on the same night separately. I was driving home to Arcadia, CA taking streets. Approximately at 12:30 am I saw  ball of light hovering about 200 feet in the air. I was about 3 blocks away from it. There was a beam of light shining from it. There was no noise and the beam of light was shining in one direction. I first thought it was a helicopter but I thought the light was way too bright, there was no sound, and it flew very strangly. The light was too bright to be a helicopter. I hovered for a bit then moved back and forth. After it became obscured by sme trees I could not see the object again. I arrived home and told my fiance what I had seen. She said that earlier in the night around 10pm she had spotted a similar object in Arcadia. My fiance said that she was driving around 10pm in Arcadia when she spotted a bright white light zipping back and forth. It was exactly the same description as what I saw later in the night. It also was a bright light with a beam of light coming from it. I wondered what the object was now. I then told my friend about the object the following week. He surprisingly said he saw a similar object. He was driving home from us having a very late dinner. He was headed to La Palma, CA about 20 minutes later than me, 12:50 am. He said he saw a bright light for a few secondshovering in the sky. He described it the same as me and my fiance except that there was no beam of light coming from it. It was after he had confirmed seeing it as well that I felt that I had to report it to someone.;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
Light blue/white light near the hills North of the 210 Freeway;2011-09-27 19:20:00;2 Minutes;Light blue/white light near the hills North of the 210 Freeway I was on my way home from work traveling east bound on the 210 freeway at approximately 7:20 PM  in or near the city of Arcadia. As I was sitting in traffic I noticed a small dot of light in the distance north of the freeway. I initially thought it was a helicopter spotlight, but as I watched it, the light appeared to be changing directions and moving in a way that no helicopter or plane could move, that I have ever seen anyway. As I watched it, it looked like the dot of light would drop down and move forward and backward, go up and down – it was so weird. I would have to estimate that the dot of light had to be roughly 10 or so miles in the distance north of the freeway near the hills. The dot itself was like a light blue/white color. I would watch it approximately in 30 second intervals as I moved forward in traffic, about 3 or 4 times. When I looked up again, it was gone. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
Green flash of light over Arcadia, California.;2011-12-29 21:15:00;2 seconds;Green flash of light over Arcadia, California. I was walking back to my car with my friend after leaving the movies at the Westfield Mall located in Arcadia, California.  My car was parked at the very top of the parking structure when we witnessed a green flash of light cross the sky going southeast.  It lasted approximately 2 seconds.;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
There was a huge white orb that landed in a rock quarry near the sighting place.;2017-12-08 19:30:00;30 seconds;There was a huge white orb that landed in a rock quarry near the sighting place. As as we were driving down Irwindale Ave., the city of Arcadia/Monrovia, we saw a GIANT WHITE CIRCULAR OBJECT,  It was as I it was landing in the rock quarry right near there.   We saw it disappear and go in the quarry.  There was a security guard working there and looking down, as if he had seen it . If you have any questions you can reach me at my Email. ((deleted))@gmail.com;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
Star like object drops rapidly from a high altitude.;2018-07-24 21:45:00;2 seconds;Star like object drops rapidly from a high altitude. While driving on I-210 from Pasadena, CA, to Arcadia, CA, I witnessed a white star-like object (in size, brightness, and color) drop in a straight line from an apparent high altitude to almost ground level.  I say “almost” because it was dark out, and I could not clearly discern distance to the object, or where the ground would be.  I did not detect an impact.   I felt that the object was at least 10 to 15 miles away, in other words, quite a ways away.  However, I cannot rule out that it was quite close.  The object did not change color or shape, nor did it have a tail.  I immediately thought it might be a meteor, which is entirely possible, but it did not look like the many other meteors I have seen.  It was more reminiscent of a bright satellite.   I saw something extremely similar on 5 January 2007 in Huntsville, AL.;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
