Our dog was barking at something.  His bark was the bark as if he didn't want to leave the porch but wanted to summon someone in the fa;1988-07-01 23:30:00;about 5 minutes;Summary : Our dog was barking at something.  His bark was the bark as if he didn't want to leave the porch but wanted to summon someone in the family.  I went to investigate. Initially I saw nothing.  Then a rectangular craft flew by very slowly. The craft was divided into thirds.  Each third lit up sequentially with a red light.  The object made  no noise whatsover. In addition to the above information there is more to add that is very interesting.  One week later a friend of mine from high school, telephoned me in a panicked state.  Apparently he had seen the same object in the city of Sierra Madre, while on a night hike into Bailey Canyon.  He had stopped to tie his shoe lace while the others continued on the hike.  He stated that the object appeared to lose control and looked as though it were going to crash into the property of Mater Dolorosa Retreat Center.  This is a Catholic retreat center run by the Passionist Fathers. The thing that through us for a loop about this is this.... My friend who had witnessed this event, a week after I had, had gone to the whole life expo in Pasadena,Ca. of that year.  He left the convention being paranoid of ufo's and aliens.  I was a doubting Thomas.  I suggested that he go and see a psychiatrist.  Nothing more was said about the ufo subject untill the sightings that we  had It was that we had conversed, and realized that we had seen the same craft at two different places and times that there must be connection.  It was almost like as if some intelligence did something to get my dog to bark that night, to get me out of bed to investigate so that I would see this craft. Like I said...I never went to the whole life expo....but It was like as if some intellegent being heard me tell my friend Tony that I thought he was a quack.  And to make it even more believable to us it revealed itself to us...that well we never had many people believe our story except one of the priests at the retreat center with whom we were friends with.I didn't think it necessary to record the dates of the sightings, I didn't anyone  would believe us. So there you are.  I am a firm believer after having this experience with the object and I feel  ....almost on a psychic level that we are on the verge of something....a revealing of some sort...I cant  really describe it, but we are on the verge of something.;34.1310938596492;-118.04062368421
