1972 fireball;1972-05-08 16:00:00;3-4 seconds;1972 fireball A friend and I were vacationing, driving across country after graduating from high school.  We had crossed the boarder of Wyoming, headed in a westerly direction through Montana.  We'd approached some foothills, exited off the I, and had taken a scenic, two lane road, bordered by trees on both sides.  It was approaching dusk, still bright, but the sun beginning to recede.  I was in the passenger seat with the window down, staring at the scenery.  Suddenly, a fireball rose up from behind the tree line on the right side of the road, lolled over the hood of the car, and disappeared behind the tree line on the right, as if to crash. It made a nearly perfect arc over the road and our car hood, directly in front of us.  I believe I managed to count to four as the fireball appeared and disappeared, but my friend stated it was closer to three seconds in total sighting.  To all remaining details we agree.  The fireball was orange, regular flame color on top, but was a striking green on its underside and at the edges toward the front of the object.  It looked almost as though the fireball housed a hard object as though something the size of a VW Bug had been enveloped in flame and catapulted across the road.  If one dipped a wadded piece of paper in gas, lit it, and swung it on a string in a slow circle, you'd approach the effect.  It moved so slowly there was very little if any trail. The track it took would have made a perfect circle if one used the center line of the road as circle's center the fireball entering our view seeming from directly behind the tree line, and descending directly behind the opposing tree line.  It sputtered as well.  The effect was similar to grinding a piece of pitted metal on a wheel.  Sudden bursts of flame and sparks jettisoned from it.  From its appearance and close proximity, we would have expected the fireball to make a noise like an approaching express train, yet the was none.  Part of the oddness of the event was the fact there was no sound whatever.  We could hear ourselves gasping at the sight. My friend immediately pulled the car to the ditch, and we tensed, waiting for the sound of a crash or explosion.  There was complete silence not even a sound of birds or crickets.  It was as eerie a silence as you could imagine.  We debated on whether to leave the car parked on the highway and hike into the brush toward the fireball's point of decent, but decided not to.  Equally odd, we discussed it for a few minutes, shook our heads, and promptly forgot about the event until five or six years ago. I have since scoured the web and books for pictures of entering meteors that looked similar to what we saw.  Nothing even approaches it. ((NUFORC Note:  We spoke by telephone with this witness and found him to be quite credible.  We suspect the event is accurately portrayed, although the date may be approximate.  It was at about this time that a major and celebrated sighting of something occurred, and was photographed with a movie camera, over Montana, the witness reports, as well.   PD));45.6542;-110.5603
Close fireball flying at approx. 2000 mph flies over Interstate 90.;1995-12-30 09:30:00;10 secs;Close fireball flying at approx. 2000 mph flies over Interstate 90. On Dec 30, 1995, while driving on Interstate 90 from Livingston to Bozeman, MT at about 09:30 in the morning, I observed a brilliant green fireball flying at slightly above treetop height at a distance of 300-400 yds.  The fireball had a diameter of about 10 yds with trailing flames some 60-80 yds long.  It then flew directly over the highway at Bozeman Pass (the pass has an elevation of 5780 ft) by not more than 1000 ft.  It then rose in the sky at a low constant angle to disappear in the distance in not more than 10 seconds.  The fireball covered a distance of 1-1/2 miles, measured with vehicle odometer, in an estimated 2-3 seconds, suggesting a speed in the range of 1800-2700 mph.  It was silent.  The speed of sound is about 750 mph.  The fireball should have produced a loud sonic boom.  One possible explanation for the oft-reported silence of UFO's might be connected to the incredible accelerations and decelerations of which they appear to be capable.  Some witnesses have claimed UFO's make no-radius 90 degree and even 180 degree turns at speeds estimated in the 1000's of  mph without decelerating at all.   The g-forces involved must measure at least in the 100's.  One possible way to protect the crews from these maneuvers is an anti-gravity system, perhaps in the shape of a torus in the rim.  If such a system existed, it might be omnidirectional, that is, it might have the same intensity outside the craft as within.  Hypothetically it could be so powerful that it could repel air around the craft.  In otherwords UFO's may fly in a self-made vacuum.  If this were true the craft would not contact the atmosphere and could not produce a sonic boom.  Other advantages to such a system would be the absence of heating by air friction when flying in the atmosphere at high speed, and the repulsion of smaller objects out of the path of the craft when flying in deep space.  If a torus did exist in the rim of a UFO, then a possible structure exists for a propulsion system.  (I am not suggesting that an anti-gravity system and a propulsion system are the same, only that they may be in close proximity and possibly share the same structure.)  Cyclotrons require a torus.  One account of the vimana or flying machines of the gods in ancient Indian tradition that I read stated that the machines had mercury in them.  So we are talking about a cyclotron which spins up a mercury plasma to a relativistic velocity.  Thrust occurs when mass is lost at velocity from a vehicle.  We are all familiar with rockets ejecting hot gases to produce thrust.  There is nothing in this definition of thrust which requires the loss of matter.  All that is needed is the loss of mass.  When plasma at a relativistic velocity decelerates it loses mass at velocity.  It may be mathematically derived mass based on relativity but it's still mass.  If this deceleration occurred in a vehicle such as a UFO it ought to produce thrust.  Suppose a UFO is headed north.  If the torus in the rim had a shunt come off of it pointed south, then plasma might be directed into the shunt, where it could be decelerated and produce relativistic thrust.  Perhaps then the shunt loops back into the area of the cyclotron where the plasma in the shunt could be accelerated to the operational velocity of the plasma in the torus, at which point the shunt rejoins the torus and dumps its contents into it.  In this way the plasma could be used over and over for propulsion. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Please see other report from San Diego for December 29, 1995.  PD));45.6542;-110.5603
Round green sphere, dropping beind the mountains, and landing.;2003-11-07 00:00:00;5 seconds;Round green sphere, dropping beind the mountains, and landing. I was driving on hwy94, and in the middle of the night about 12:00 midnight I saw a greenishround fireball, over some mountains.  It just materialized and did not show as a meteor or anything.  It was a definate round object that went straight down behind the mountains, doted with small cabins. Its was a clear night and the moon a full.  It had a flame, above the round green sphere.  It went down straight.  No, fireworks, or show, but a weird glow.  There was a few trucks on the why94, at the time.  It was large, as big as a two story home, at arms leagth it was as large as a nickle.  The flame was, white, and the green object clear. It went down, very fast, not at an angle.  I was alone, and it did not, come into the air, like a shooting star, would, this was very different. I live in North Dakota, and see these things but not, like this one.  Needless to say, it was interesting. ((NUFORC Note:  We suspect a meteor may have been the cause of the sighing.  Other reports received.  PD));45.6542;-110.5603
