Witnessed dome shaped craft which started as just 3 lights moving in sequence with each other;2016-05-18 22:00:00;5 minutes;Witnessed dome shaped craft which started as just 3 lights moving in sequence with each other At about 10 pm EST I arrived home from work.  I always look up in the sky and I noticed what I thought was a plane slowly heading in my direction.  It had 3 lights and no blinking light and no sound.  Then it appeared to just stop and not move.  Then it appeared to back up a bit.   All of a sudden it kind of lit up and you could actually see a dome shaped craft with what looked like a bunch of windows.  Then it was like the lights just went out and the craft was gone.   I almost woke up my roommate and almost even rang the doorbell of the neighbor across the street.  My thought was someone else had to have seen this.  My roommate did call the Kittery Police soon after to see if there were any other reports but the dispatcher said there were none.  It appeared to be north of the ocean cove across the street.  The Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is in the same area which is a nuclear submarine base.;43.0939;-70.7404
2 extremely bright parallel lights.;2017-07-26 20:30:00;30 minutes;2 extremely bright parallel lights I was driving home and in the sky was 2 really bright lights, all the other stars were dull compared to these 2 lights.  What was odd about them was that they were parallel for the entire time I saw them.  That was strange and all but what really set me off was that one minute they were in front of the car to the right side.   The next moment they zoomed to the back left of my car were their was a elementary school.  It really peaked my curiosity so I decided to pull over and take my binoculars out of my trunk to take a closer look.  I saw that the light was actually 5 lights really close together and they looked to have formed what looked to be a rocket like shape.   It was getting late and I had to get to bed because I had an early day, so I left.  For all I know, they're still there.;43.0939;-70.7404
White dot at cruising altitude moving in a zig zagged linear direction.;2020-08-03 21:35:00;5 minutes;White dot at cruising altitude moving in a zig zagged linear direction. I was sitting on my front porch when I noticed what I initially thought was a particularly bright star.  Realized it was moving and my next thought was satellite.  It was moving slowly in a linear fashion so that made sense and I thought hey that's pretty cool.  It then appear to shift slightly one way then back the other before continuing in its linear direction.  Thought my eyes were okaying a trick on me so I concentrated on it intently for a few minutes and it was definitely making slight harsh zags to the left and right occasionally.  My guess is whatever it was was at cruising height for aircraft so my, admittedly uneducated assumption was the zig zag pattern had to be pretty significant to observe from my distance.  I only saw one these objects in the 5 minutes I was observing it.  I observed it as being well above the tree-line against a mostly clear sky.  The view from my porch faces east about a mile from the ocean.;43.0939;-70.7404
