two objects came together in the sky.;1976-05-20 22:00:00;15min;two objects came together in the sky. while attending to cows on a prison farm i saw one triangle in sky. Approx 100 feet above my head. Silent and stationary.  Another floted towards this object andn attached its self to the other.  A corrcctions officer who drove by made a statement.  He said if ,If those things come together,  When they did he told me to get into the car and we sped off.  He also told me not to say anything because we may be thought of as nuts;41.9911206349206;-72.5612476190476
Triangle craft with 3 white lights, 4th flashing, as I filmed the craft it made no noise, hopefully you will see on TV;2004-04-05 20:00:00;5 min;Triangle craft with 3 white lights, 4th flashing, as I filmed the craft it made no noise, hopefully you will see on TV Coming out of the house last night, down the driveway to get something out of the truck, my right eye quickly caught a light, or lights off to the right. I looked up, saw some lights, it was a craft of some kind, so I quickly thought to myself, then grabbed my camcorder that happened to be on my front seat,inside the truck. From this point on I have on video, its not the best, I tried to zoom in and out, and the camera didnt like that in darkness. But it will be worth the wait, if I am still alive. :-)  Its 8pm, and total darkness, a couple of street lights in yellow, the moon has not come up yet, when it does its a full moon. I look and see this craft has 3 lights, one in the center flashing, its a triangle shape and coming towards me over the homes, I follow it with the camera until it gets to the end of the street. Once it got to the end, I noticed at the end of the street another of its kind was coming the opposite way traveling towards us, the two met at the end of the street.  This other craft was flashing a white light and had stationary lights surrounding it just like the one I saw up close. I got into my truck to go look for them, but they had gone, so I thought. I took a left onto the other road, and shortly turned back. As I turned right back onto my street, I looked over to the left, and above the old town pool and park area, I saw both both of them, hovering, semi, almost fully cloked. I dont know how to spell cloked term from Star Trek so I am typing cloked. Hopefully someone can let me know the correct spelling.  As they were hovering the other caught my eye, the other wasnt all the way cloked, its hard to explain, but to the right of the craft, it was lit up, just a little, its lights were lower, then stronger, it was doing something while the other stayed stationary to its left. finally the light went out, and both of them were straight ahead looking at me, cloked, each of the craft had one little light at each end, as if it was  a distant star far off, the lights were on each side, with a certain distance apart, the other craft had the same lights barely visable, only this second craft hovered just a little distance from the other.  It getting real cold, so I talked out loud to these things, because at this point I am wondering if I made this whole thing up in my head!, as I am leaving, the one on the left crossed over to the right, then towards me, as I turn around and go towards my truck, it starts to follow on my right and contunes to move as I am walking, I get inside my truck as it leaves, still cloked.  I have to record this for myself, but I should describe what I saw, because you cant see the video yet. This craft that I filmed was a smaller craft, a little smaller than a small airplane, it had three lights, one in the center, the 4th, was flashing also a white light, and it seemed, well once you see the video, it seemed that the flashing light was also being beamed out towards the other side. The craft went at a good pace, it traveled with one light as a leading part of the craft while the other two lights were on the sides. There was no sound, I was ruffly 35 yards away. Just across the street. In the video, it goes behind telephone poles, wires from cable and phone lines. This craft then met up with another that was coming from the opposite side towards it. I hope this was clear, any other info I can add if you need.  Once I copyright the video, you will see exactly what I saw. Hopefully someone wont come and kill me for the tape in the meantime. LOL  ((name deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous.  PD));41.9911206349206;-72.5612476190476
Large slow moving triangle over Enfield;2004-05-01 22:30:00;3 minutes;Large slow moving triangle over Enfield We were coming back from getting ice cream when I looked out the right side window of the car and looked up to notice a strange large craft moving at the same speed as us.  It slowly made a smooth turn to the left and passed over.  There were four of us in the car and we were all watching.  As it passed over head and just in front of us we saw 3 white lights and one flashing light that made up this perfect triangle shape.  There was no noise and the craft glided across the sky.  The strange thing about it was you couldn’t see the body of the craft like when an airplane flies by it was as if you could see through it.  It flew off and accelerated towards the north, north east.  I’m a pilot myself and can identify almost any civilian and military aircraft by shape and by sound.  I also know what kind of lights are required to be on an aircraft and where they are located.  So it takes something very out of the ordinary to get me to say hey look, that’s not normal and this did just that. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous, and provides no contact information.  We would like to correspond with the individual.  PD));41.9911206349206;-72.5612476190476
Vibrant yellow lights forming perfect triangle;2012-11-13 20:40:00;20 seconds;Vibrant yellow lights forming perfect triangle Driving east, we saw 3 vibrant yellow lights forming a triangle.  We have lived  within close proximity to an airport for over 25+ years and are very familiar with planes ascending and descending regularly.   We know the color lights, the sounds and the approximate height of planes within our town.  My first initial reaction was-why are those 3 plane flying so closely together?  And then it was brought to my attention that they weren't planes & that's when I noticed the color of the lights, the shape & the distance.  The night was clear with no visible clouds.  Minimal stars were observed.;41.9911206349206;-72.5612476190476
