Four Reddish-orange fireballs-changed direction-disappeared.;2012-01-08 17:27:00;5 min.;Four Reddish-orange fireballs-changed direction-disappeared. 1/8/12, 18:27 - Westerly, RI   Looking west over  the Pawcatuck River, Stonington, CT, I noticed what appeared to be three reddish-orange  fireballs which were twinkling intensly.  They were traveling  the same course  in a loose formation with the first, in my perspective, to be the lowest.  Above and to the right was  the second and a little farther behind, above and to the right of the second was a third.  They appeared as helicopters would, entering my view low on the horizon and about the same speed.  Objects were silent. In my experience, helicopters at that range would have been clearly audible.  At this time a wittness began observing objects. We continued to watch the lights as they proceeded in an easterly direction when, one by one they turned, seemingly at the same point, to a southerly direction, traveled a  short distance, grew dim, and twinkled out,  like a candle running out of fuel. We looked back to the west, where I had first seen the fireballs, and a fourth appeared, seemingly out of a dark sky.  Description of the fourth exaclyl follows the first three in appearance, speed, altitude, and course. It also  twinkled out after changing course to the southern. I took pictures, every one shows something, a few are very faint even with magnification.  Two are Interesting, one showing swirl from camera movenemt oppisite of swirl from object.  They all show the reddish-orange color.;41.3709;-71.8141
Intense yellowish white fireball with greenish tint.;2012-12-05 17:00:00;1/2 second;Intense yellowish white fireball with greenish tint. Driving west on Route 1 in Westerly approaching Dunn’s Corners.   Sky to the west beautiful late evening sunset with band of clouds in the distance.   Intense object the size of an M&M held at arm’s length appears about 70-degrees off the western horizon and shoots due west and disappears behind the band of clouds about 30-degrees off the western horizon.  Light a very bright yellowish white with distinct green tint.  Incredibly fast and visible for a second or less.  Looked like a Roman Candle, but much faster and if it was, it blinked out in an instant just as it aligned with the edge of the cloud band.  Seemed to me like it was a long way off and disappeared behind the cloud band, which I would estimate to be 20 to 30 miles away.   Have seen a lot of shooting stars, but this was faster, brighter and the light was very constant - no flaring or sparkling.  No tail noticed.;41.3709;-71.8141
