Bright Blue Object With Red Flashing Lights Over Utah;2012-01-27 20:45:00;5;Bright Blue Object With Red Flashing Lights Over Utah My Friend and I had just exited the IHOP in American Fork Utah and were walking across the parking lot when something caught my attention out of the corner of my eye.  I looked up into the clear night sky and saw a bright blue object with flashing red lights floating up off in the distance.  I stared in disbelief and motioned for my friend to look.  Immediately in my mind I cycled through possible things it could be.  It was not a plane or anything else I could think of.  I could not explain it and stood dumbfounded and questioning if what I was seeing was really happening. I had never seen a UFO before. It stared drifting towards us heading east and it became more visible.  I could see the craft was circular though I could not tell if it was orb or disk shaped. It had bright neon blue lights around the edges and going through the middle.  I couldn’t discern the craft, only the lights surrounding it.  The craft itself was either a dark color or transparent because it blended in with the night sky.  There were flashing red lights positioned around the craft, each light flashing at the same speed but not in unison.  There were probably about five lights, each positioned around the edges of the craft evenly with one in the middle.  The object made no noise and seemed to be a few hundred feet in the air, although it was hard to judge both the size and distance. As I glanced down from the craft which was moving slowly through the sky I saw in the parking lot that there were others looking up and pointing at the sky.  My friend and I ran across the parking lot over to two others who were standing out of there car with there phones pointed at the sky.  We did not know them but talked briefly with them, asking if they were seeing what we were seeing and remarking how weird and incredible it was.  I noticed others on the opposite end of the lot, probably three or four people, who upon seeing us in the middle of the lot with our cell phones, fingers, and eyes cast to the sky turned to look themselves and also saw and stopped to look at the craft.  I did not bother to pull out my phone because I knew the object was to far away to show up on my cheap cell phone camera.  My friend took out his phone but did not get a picture, remarking that the UFO only showed up as a small blue speck. At one point a plane few by in the sky, visually appearing to pass by the object but obviously being much higher and much farther off in the distance. The craft came close to being directly over us before it shifted direction and drifted away heading south.  It was then that we decided to get in our car and head home as it was cold outside, being a January night. That was the last we saw of the object as my friend and I drove away.  My friend watched it out the window as I drove.  We quickly lost sight of it as it was too low in the sky to see from farther away. After losing sight of the object we called the UFO report hotline and reported the case before arriving home.;40.3969;-111.7919
3 round lights/balls seen, flashing/moving/disappearing.;2014-01-01 01:00:00;10 minutes;3 round lights/balls seen, flashing/moving/disappearing We were pulling off the free way and saw up in the sky a illuminated ball moving up and Down, I got out of the car and began filming.  At the same time 2 more objects appeared and they began interacting with each other almost like bouncing off of each other while flashing.  They were moving diagonally from each other, then the 2 round lights/spheres disappeared and the original ball flew up above us quickly.  After some time hovering above us (above plane altitude) it disappeared out of our atmosphere.  I have some poor footage of the sighting   :(;40.3969;-111.7919
