Bright white landing lights in straight line formation moving south to north at just above tree-top level. No sound moving slowly.  ;1998-07-21 02:00:00;5 minutes;Bright white landing lights in straight line formation moving south to north at just above tree-top level. No sound moving slowly.  All 3 lights extinguished simultaneously. I was leaving my house for work in summer 1998.  I stepped from house into driveway and noticed three bright lights approaching at just above treetop level from the south.  I first thought they might be helicopters with search lights.  But then I realised that the lights were beaming forward and not down.  Straight line formation...some distance between lights but I am unable to estimate how much distance.  I listened for engine sound, but heard nothing except crickets and distant creek sounds.  The formation moved slowly from south to north.  I was dumbfounded because this is a rural area and nearest airport is about 15 miles south of here.  Just as I was wondering why three aircraft would be flying so low, in formation, and with landing lights on, all three lights extinguished suddenly and simultaneously.  I then observed no strobe lights or wing/tail markers.  And of course, still no sound.  I strained my eyes trying to see anything in the darkness that followed the lights being extinguished, but could see nothing on this otherwise clear night.  End of incident.  I regret not filing this report sooner, but I have been fascinated by recent similar sightings reported on the Art Bell show.  Except my sighting was NOT in triangle formation, but was instead in straight line formation.  But it was 3 lights for sure.  And the sudden, simultaneous extinguishing of the lights was certainly most peculiar.  For three seperate aircraft to do this would require military-like precision.  I hope you don't mind receiving this report since it is 1.5 years old, but I thought I should finally tell somebody what I saw in early morning hours of June/July 98.;40.4755;-76.0159
