Me and my Cousin saw 3 UFOs. Its Dangerous  in my opinion, ive Seen multiple  in the last month all around Fort Wayne, apart from this.;2021-07-13 23:00:00;Around 2 hours;Me and my Cousin saw 3 UFOs. Its Dangerous  in my opinion, ive Seen multiple  in the last month all around Fort Wayne, apart from this. Last night me and my cousin was leaving to walk around and talk, as usual then the  First encounter. The ufo  was unable to be seen but a  blinking blue then white sliver of light was zipping around in the sky it looked like it would go abnormally  fast and the light got longer and  it looked like it would go long ways the sideways. The Ufo disappeared behind a treeline that boarders our Neighborhood. We kept walking to the gas station where  we sit to talk, We then see over by the treeline across the street, from the entrance  of my neighborhood white and red lights, Specifically  White lights flashing around a generally small area. I pointed it out saying its the Military, They've circled my area more since the pandemic. Second encounter, The lights we thought was the military plane was a UFO. It got closer and stayed stationary  in the sky  with flashing red and white lights then disappeared fully with no sign of it anywhere. (I tried to take pictures of ! 2 of the 3 times including this, this one being the one I couldn't capture.) When we got stuff from the gas station, we returned to her house to bring a drink to our grandma  and we saw another ufo. Our third encounter   and last in the night, around the same exact area we first saw the first ufo in the sky. We saw just a light and it got brighter and I tried to take a picture. Youre able to see the marking in the sky with adjusting light exposures, but with doing that with a picture last night shows a almost inhuman face, even I do not believe it but i see it in the picture  but I have no clue what would have happened to make that on the photo. -I need to express im very worried! Ive never reported anything but Ive experienced multiple  Ufos on multiple  occasions, with Different  people who've  all seen it with me. I have pictures of a bruise i woke up with with dots lined down it in a grid pattern. I also have a picture of my Fiance  with gridded dots  down his back with no explanation or Possible way to get them in his sleep. - 2 weeks ago me and my Fiance were driving on Tonkel rd. To see a white dot get bigger towards us it turned red then disappeared.Later about 10 minutes  later, I felt the whole car vibrate and the  glass, i thought it was loose it got loud with the vibrating, I touched  vibrating Glass and my whole chest felt heavy and hard to breathe i started crying and freaking out saying i wanted to go home after and my Fiance saw it all and has never seen me freak out wanting to go home and honestly  in that moment  i dont remember  much but freaking out and the glass vibrating. - March, 2020 last year Me and another  friend was sitting in an Old trailer park in a field, ALSO in the same area (mile up the road) A massive ufo with almost a metallic  black ice look it was dark and almost unreal with still light reflecting off the bottom. It was over head and over a near in construction  hotel but VERY  close to the ground. It zipped forward in an unreal Way. It looked like a big oval/rectangular from bottom  view. -also some time in 2020, with a video, me and my fiance were sitting in the car singing after a wedding  in his car, i sat my phone down  and left it record, you can see Multiple  lights that are bright white turn on above our heads and zip off. Again im very concerned,theres been more occurrences, a couple pictures and a video that  shows what ive been talking about and its provoked  me to reach out;41.1110040072861;-85.1470779599271
