2 witnesses, summer 2013, Orb or orange light, moving VERY fast.;2013-09-17 01:30:00;15 minute;2 witnesses, summer 2013, Orb or orange light, moving VERY fast. My friend and I were out fishing offshore late at night.  We saw a large orange orb approximately 5 miles away.   After about 2 minutes I realized the object was moving away, and ran towards my car for an optical enhancing scope.  I didn't have binoculars, so the the scope on my rifle would have to do.  Fully zoomed in on an object that was quickly moving out of sight gave nothing but pure orange light.   I could not see any detail before the object left our field of view over the tree line.   I have viewed the ISS before moving through the sky, and this was much faster.  Unbelievably fast, in fact.;47.5466675925926;-94.8125583333334
Orange sphere travelling low across the sky, then disappears.;2020-04-25 22:35:00;3 minutes;Orange sphere travelling low across the sky, then disappears My wife and I were sitting in our backyard after putting out the fire in the fire pit.  As we were finishing up and getting ready to go in the house, I turned and saw a bright globular light in the SE part of the sky.  We live in the central part of a small city in Northern MN, so there is not much light pollution.  I immediately asked my wife -  do you see that light in the sky? because it was very noticeable.  It was orange in color, almost looked like a ball of fire, but very steady and bright.  The movement of the object in the sky was quite distinctive because at firs t I thought it might be a plane or helicopter…it’s speed was fairly similar to that of an airplane, but it made absolutely no noise.   At the point that I realized that it was not an airplane or any craft I was familiar with - in fact, I couldn’t see any real detail at all, other than it was globe-shaped and mostly a shiny orange color, with maybe some fluctuation in intensity.  I asked my wife if she was seeing this bright object too.  We both tracked it across the sky as it traveled NE to SW in a very straight line.  It did not turn or make any sudden moves, it moved quite steadily along a direct path.  It did not float or move erratically.  It was low enough that it was below the cloud deck, the sky was overcast.  I can’t say exactly the object’s  altitude was, other than it seemed to be about  what a  low-flying plane might be, but high enough in the sky to be close to the lower part of the cloud deck.  In fact, our house is under the main flight path of the airport for our small city, but the flight path is SE to NW, not NE to SW.  The light travelled above the house behind ours, still making no noise at all and clipping along at a steady pace. I tried to follow it further, but it disappeared from view.  My wife and I both saw this object and we both agreed that what we saw was not a plane.  My wife said she that at first she thought it was a planet, because the object was so bright.  We both saw that it was spherical in shape and mainly orange colored.   She also brought up the idea of it being a satellite, but we both agreed that this object was way too low to be a satellite in orbit around the earth.  I highly doubt that this was a StarLink satellite, and it was just the one object.  I’m a professional who works in academia and am not prone to seeing things that aren’t there.  My wife is also a very level-headed professional.  I was astounded by what I saw.  I’ve been reading about and researching UFO’s and wondering about what they might be for the last few years, but I’ve never seen anything like this.;47.5466675925926;-94.8125583333334
