UFO drone watching a football game.;1979-10-15 19:35:00;25 minutes;UFO drone watching a football game It was the last High School home football game of the season.  Dad wanted to go and I went since I was done with my college studies.  We were sitting up by the press box on the south side of the college stadium. There was the last color from the setting sun.  The game was not that interesting so I sat back and enjoyed all the stars and as I looked at about 11 o'clock angle I saw this one falling star only it didn't fall, more like floated down. As I watched, it reminded me more of a spark from a professional fireworks display.  The color was a blue white, much like an LED flashlight.  I kept my eye on it as it floated down.  I tried to gage it's size but there was nothing to compare it with. It stopped about the height of field lights that were on.  I realized it was over the field and it wasn't very big. I heard no sound. It was like it was watching the game.  As I kept my eyes on it, I heard a small plane coming across the lake and flying to the airport west of town and close enough to view the game going on.  The light was not bothered by the plane and continued to hover above the field. After about 20 min or so it was attracted to one of the trains that haul pulp wood to a plant in another town.  As I watched, it floated at a good clip across the lake, about 1/2 a mile across at that point, reflecting on the water.  It dropped down a little, maybe about 50 or 60 ft above the water and though for the distance, it kept it's brightness. It easily caught up with the train, staying one car back from the engine, floating about 6 to 10 ft. above the front of the second car.  I watched it as long as I could, until the train and light disappeared behind the trees. There may have been maybe 3 or 400 people on each side of the stadium so I don't really know if anyone else saw it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));47.5466675925926;-94.8125583333334
