Wingless oblong diamond craft, three close lights near rear;2005-03-13 22:00:00;one minute;Wingless oblong diamond craft, three close lights near rear I am a college graduate that has recently relocated to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to fulfill an employment oppertunity.  I was changing a lightbulb on an outside light of my residence.  I observed an aircraft in the distance traveling on a course that I have observed many commercial aircraft to take in a Eastern to Western fashion.  My location was North of the objects flight trajectory.   I continued to screw the light housing back on and was anxious to get inside out of the cold.  As I stepped down from the task, I noticed that the object that I previously observed was making a wide turn and was approaching a northern direction.  The craft was approximately 1-2 miles south of my location.  What really grabbed my attention was the wingspan of the craft.  It was low to the ground and had a truely wide wingspan.   There was no noise at this time, and the aircraft reminded me of a glider.  I stood fixated on the object and I was amazed as it passed over, directly over myself and the house.  I could see that there were no wings protruding outward at any part of the craft.  The craft was a continuous solid diamond shape, with the tail longer than the front.  It looked like a giant kite.  The craft was noisy as it passed over, but I could not recognize what its propulsion system was.  It was not a prop sound, and it was not a turbine sound. The object had three dim white circular lights 3/4 to the rear.  There was a bright headlight or searchlight on the front tip, red and blue beacons on the sides, and a blinking white beacon on the tail.  As the craft passed over, I ran into the house to get my girlfriend and have her take a look.  By the time we were back outside,(30 seconds) the craft was on the N.W. horizon and looked like a conventional aircraft.  My assumption of my sighting was a secret military craft or extraterrestrial.;39.8340140625;-77.2172921875001
