My son & I were driving from Gettysburg, back home to Littlestown, PA. We saw 8 lights (very bright) in the sky. I asked him what that;2009-01-13 19:45:00;1 minute;My son & I were driving from Gettysburg, back home to Littlestown, PA. We saw 8 lights (very bright) in the sky. I asked him what that was, he didn’t know.  So we drove down a back road toward the lights. As we approached there were no sounds like a regular aircraft. We got directly underneath of them, we could tell they were both triangular in shape, had 4 very bright white lights across the front. When I backed into a driveway to turn around, I heard a whooshing sound & they both took off. It took me all of about 10 seconds to turn around & they were gone. I would approximate that the crafts were about 100 feet off of the ground & hovering until we approached;39.8340140625;-77.2172921875001
Delta wing, no lights, walnut shaped pod on underside with rectangular row of ports with grenishgrayish glow;2012-07-15 20:00:00;15 minutes;Delta wing, no lights, walnut shaped pod on underside with rectangular row of ports with grenishgrayish glow This incident happened on a Thursday evening in mid/late July 2012.  I was wheeling the trash out to the end of the driveway for the Friday morning pickup when I looked up and noticed a light in the northern horizon.  At first I thought this was a landing light of a craft coming into Harrisburg, then I realized the bearing of this craft was southerly, and if the craft was moving easterly or northerly to land at Harrisburg I would not see the light. Realizing that Washington was too far south for the landing light to be activated my attention was now focused on this light. The light was queer in that it was not as bright as landing lights which I have witnessed before, and oddly there was no beam projecting from the light and no streaking  emanating about the light which would normally be noticed with a bright light in the sky. It was like a dull light, for lack of a better explanation. I waited for at least 5 minutes for whatever this light was coming from to pass over. What passed was not expected. It was a “simple delta wing” craft with an estimated length of 300 feet and an estimated width at base of 200 feet travelling at an estimated height of 1000 feet. The course of travel was south by southwest and it was passing over our house and our neighbors house to the right with the better part over our neighbors house, allowing me to get a better perspective on the craft. There was absolutely no noise. There were no markings. The color was a very dull sheen. The craft was moving so slowly I could not estimate the speed. As the craft passed over the view of the underside was unobstructed. Since it was at dusk, but not dark, I could see what is best described as a half walnut pod on the underside, with an estimated length of 100 feet. On the side of the pod was a horizontal single row of what I first thought appeared like rectangular shaped windows but soon realized were not windows. Emanating from each rectangular shape was a grayish-greenish cast with an undulating darker gray shadow in the center. As the craft passed over and the back of the craft was coming into view I realized there were no other lights on the craft and no conventional tail section. I estimate the depth of the pod at maybe 20-30 feet and the depth of the main body also at 20-30 feet. I use the word estimate throughout this explanation as my perspective is based on viewing conventional craft. This craft could have been considerably larger but my senses were it approximated my noted dimensions. I was not frightened, I was intrigued, almost mesmerized by the craft. As the craft passed I briefly remember thinking if this was the “Aurora” program it was based on no known technology of today. Beyond relating my observations to my wife, in a rather animated manner, I have related very little to very few. The part which bothers me the most is the clarity of this my observation and the fact that I can’t seem to stop thinking about it. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness indicates that the date is approximate.  PD));39.8340140625;-77.2172921875001
