It was late and I decided to go upstairs to bed while my husband stayed downstairs to watch tv. My children were all in bed upstairs in;1988-03-11 00:00:00;2 minutes;It was late and I decided to go upstairs to bed while my husband stayed downstairs to watch tv. My children were all in bed upstairs in their bedrooms. In our bedroom our bed faced a north window. I got in bed and saw that I must have left a light on as there was a reflection in the window. I couldn't figure out where the light was coming from so I got up to go to the window to see where to locate the light. That was when I discovered the light was in the sky not a reflection of some light in the house. So I watched it. For just a second it was a cluster of lights and then they all spread out into a circle like a ferris wheel. That is what I thought it was, a ferris wheel. If I had stopped to think I would have known there couldn't have been a ferris wheel up that high or that big but I wasn't thinking like that. I was just fascinated with the lights. There was an open field outside the north window I was looking out of and beyond that were tall pines and houses. As I stood there and watched the lights went out and then came on again and it had moved. The lights now rather than seeming to be rounded were inverted and had a bluish tint to them. Now it didn't seem so much like a ferrish wheel but just big lights in a circle like a ferris wheel. Then the lights went out again and it moved to the left again. It didn't roll or anything like that, the lights just dissappeared and then it appeared again. It moved like this until it was out of my sight because of the trees further away from me. I didn't even think of it as a ufo untill the next morning when I was telling my daughter about it. She was 20 at that time. I never heard any other reports of anyone seeing what I saw. Although if you were standing on the ground you might not have noticed since the lights were facing out instead of down.  I was upstairs which gave me some advantage and there was a big farming field next to the window I was looking out of. I do not believe this object came from outer space I think it was something the government was working on. Before the lights ever went out the object was normal and after it went out and then came back on it seemed to me it was like an imprint a computer would leave behind or something like that. It wasn't the same as it was in the beginning. I sure wish someone could tell me what it was that I saw or if anyone else has ever seen anything like this before. I wished I had called my husband to watch, but I just didn't realize what I was seeing at the time!;37.5182;-77.1515
