Objects over Lyon Co., KY. 8/22/2011;2011-08-22 20:47:00;apx. 5-minutes;Objects over Lyon Co., KY. 8/22/2011 On Monday, August 22, 2011, @ 8:47 PM, in Lyon Co., KY, I was standing outside with my daughter as she was preparing to leave in her car. We noticed what appeared, at first, to be a plane moving Northeast to Southwest.  Approximately 90-seconds into our observation, it abruptly changed course, going Southwest to Northwest for about another 60-seconds.  We had continued to watch it, because we noticed a very bright white light that would pulse on and off while two, equally bright, red lights did the same at opposing intervals.  Although there were several other lights, identifiable as planes, also moving in other areas of the sky, we could not make out a definite shape of this object, even when it moved closer as it changed direction.  This first object disappeared after a time, but not into the horizon, it just seemed to be gone.  While trying to locate it again, retracing the path it had taken, we noticed three other small orbs of light had appeared.  They did n! ot pulse or waver in color or intensity, were star-like white, one being brighter than the other two.  Or, perhaps it was closer making it appear brighter, it was hard to tell.  They appeared to be higher in altitude than the first object, but no higher than Cessna, or light aircraft, can fly.  They had no sound and disappeared, as oddly as they had appeared, after approximately 2 minutes.  The brightest light, and one of the dimmer ones, moved at a fair pace from Southwest to Northeast.  The third light, a short distance from the other two, moved at a same pace from South to North. (Directions approximated.)  It was as if all of these objects simply went dark or vanished. ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain semi-anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));37.0642;-88.0506
What looked like a meteor[ite] stopped in mid-air and grew in size/brightness, then changed and moved away in reverse.;2020-05-20 22:00:00;3-5 minutes;What looked like a meteor[ite] stopped in mid-air and grew in size/brightness, then changed and moved away in reverse. On May 20, 2021, I was going home with my friend and my grandkids. Through the windshield, I noticed what I thought was a falling star. It was very bright, moving diagonally downward at a fast speed, and had a long sparking trail. It was so awesome, I brought it to the attention of the others in the car. I even started to tell my granddaughter to make a wish, but instead practically yelled, “look at that! Are y’all seeing this?”, because it was growing so bright. I thought sure it was about to burn out, and told my friend to stop the car so we wouldn’t lose view of it. Within a split second of them acknowledging they saw it, the object stopped moving which we all noted was not something a meteorite/falling star does. It, basically, hovered in the air. At that point, it began to increase in size and brightness. It grew in size and brightness, for at least 15-30 seconds before blanking out. But, as we slowly proceeded on, we saw something moving back from the! point of vanish toward the direction the bright object had come from. This object looked like tilted plane wings, of sorts. There was 2 faint lights...one yellowish just below and to the left of a red one, on an oblong silhouette. There was no true outline of anything, such as an airplane, but the span between the lights was far too wide for a drone. I’d say, at least 30 feet. Going by the height of the adult trees in the area, it was well over 150 feet up. I don’t know if it made any sound, because we never shut off our car. It appeared to stop again, in the distance, but the others in the car refused to stay so that I could watch longer.;37.0642;-88.0506
What looked like a meteor[ite] stopped in mid-air and grew in size/brightness, then changed and moved away in reverse.;2021-05-20 22:00:00;3-5 minutes;What looked like a meteor[ite] stopped in mid-air and grew in size/brightness, then changed and moved away in reverse. On May 20, 2021, I was going home with my friend and my grandkids. Through the windshield, I noticed what I thought was a falling star. It was very bright, moving diagonally downward at a fast speed, and had a long sparking trail. It was so awesome, I brought it to the attention of the others in the car. I even started to tell my granddaughter to make a wish, but instead practically yelled, “look at that! Are y’all seeing this?”, because it was growing so bright. I thought sure it was about to burn out, and told my friend to stop the car so we wouldn’t lose view of it. Within a split second of them acknowledging they saw it, the object stopped moving which we all noted was not something a meteorite/falling star does. It, basically, hovered in the air. At that point, it began to increase in size and brightness. It grew in size and brightness, for at least 15-30 seconds before blanking out. But, as we slowly proceeded on, we saw something moving back from the! point of vanish toward the direction the bright object had come from. This object looked like tilted plane wings, of sorts. There was 2 faint lights...one yellowish just below and to the left of a red one, on an oblong silhouette. There was no true outline of anything, such as an airplane, but the span between the lights was far too wide for a drone. I’d say, at least 30 feet. Going by the height of the adult trees in the area, it was well over 150 feet up. I don’t know if it made any sound, because we never shut off our car. It appeared to stop again, in the distance, but the others in the car refused to stay so that I could watch longer.;37.0642;-88.0506
