Round green ball-shaped object;1997-10-12 23:00:00;15 seconds;Round green ball-shaped object In early autumn 1997, (perhaps in October early.  I don't recall the date) my friend was driving & we  were going along on a highway parallel & east of I 93 going north.  (I am not from NH and do not recall the highway).  If my memory serves me well,  we were close to Franklin NH. It was late in the evening perhaps around 2300 or so all i remember is it was very dark outside.  We both were talking and looked ahead when a large green or turquoise ball dropped diagonally in the sky, almost as if someone had dropped a softball from high in the sky.  My friend quickly sped up as if to go after it, when we realized that if that ball had hit the earth, or if it was a meteror it would have exploded.  I very ofton think of that night in autumn 1997 wondering what it was we saw. Also, I've been wanting to tell someone who might care about what young  old daughter & I saw in approximately 1975 or 1977. (I dont remember the month.)  Again I cant remember the exact year (she was born in 1969 & was either in 1st or 2nd grade at the time. She started 3rd grade in Minneapolis, I think.  I'd need to ask my daughter for sure what grade she might have been in.  Just the other day I asked her if she remembers seeing the object and she does.  We were in St Paul Minnesota and  after crossing the Smith Avenue bridge going towards West St. Paul, we turned right onto a street ( just a block or 2 on other side of bridge close to Cherokee Park).  I drove maybe a half block (it was nighttime- we were going to a friends house on Stevens Avenue), when we saw an object hovering above the tree tops.  I looked out my drivers side window up to my right at the object, which I thought at first might be a helocopter,but it made NO noise.  It had lights on it, and if I remember correctly the lights were different colors:  I believe red and blue stand out most in my memory. I was really amazed at what I saw, it was just over the trees but I only saw part of its side, which i believe was round because what we saw was curved Most of the object was over the the trees where I could not see it. I was amazed & in awe.  I watched it for perhaps 5 minutes.  I cant remember if it was rotating.  I remember the lights and how close the object was to the top of the trees.  The area is a residential area just above the Mississippi River. After watching it for about 5 minutes,  I turned around & headed to our apartment on Stryker & King St, where I called the St Paul Airport (military airport)  I think it was called.  I thought it might be a military object.  They said none were there over by Cherokee park. I also think of that night often over the years wondering what it was I saw. Please, tell me any if one else have seen the two objects I have seen and tried to describe to the best of my ability.  I would really appreciate it.  Thank you. ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  PD));43.445;-71.6503
