At about 6:10 p.m., I was sitting with my mother and  5 year old daughter at the park, and along with us there were two other children;2007-07-19 18:12:00;30 seconds;At about 6:10 p.m., I was sitting with my mother and  5 year old daughter at the park, and along with us there were two other children that were aprox. 10 and 13 years of age playing at the park.   I was looking NW when I saw a fireball falling in down to the earth, and it was trailed by a line of what appeared to be smoke- and it was quite long.  In disbelief I did not say anything for a moment, and then I told everyone to look at the sky.   The boy at the park thought maybe it could be a meteorite, I thought maybe an airplane- but none of us were sure and all thought it was pretty eerie.   I am assuming it landed since it was plumating down towards earth, however it was too far away for me to tell if it landed or have a clear perception of its distance.  I lost sight in the trees, but whatever it was it must have been large in size.  For now it is considered a UFO.;42.2103;-83.157
red fireball object saucer like flying object;2011-09-24 20:30:00;5 min;red fireball object saucer like flying object Went outside saw orange red sphere which appeared to be hovering immediately yell for my sons to come outside.  Was attempting to capture on video but failed.   Went inside and could not believe what I saw.  was so excited I was yelling and told my fiancee what I had witnessed.  about 3 minutes later went outside and witnessed the reddish orb again this the whole family witness it the orb change colors and once appeared to hover video shows a saucer type object but poor quality cell phone video would need to be enhanced. ((NUFORC Note:  We have spoken several times with the witness who submitted this report.  He added that the two sighting were, he estimates, 15 minutes, or so, apart.  His fiancee also witnessed the object.   We have looked at the video he had submitted by another party, and it shows a light, the approximate size of the planet Venus in the night-time sky, and the object appears to move slowly.  We do not know what the nature of the object was.   We express our gratitude to the two parties who submitted reports, and who sent the CD to our Center, for their indefatiguable pursuit for an answer to what it was the witnesses observed, that night.  PD));42.2103;-83.157
