The Object came over and hovered above us and left at a fast pace when air force interference came into play.;2002-12-17 21:30:00;20 min;The Object came over and hovered above us and left at a fast pace when air force interference came into play. This event happend one night while i was with my friend's little brother at a friend of his house. We were outside (Me,my friend and his friend) and we had opened up a camper and got power going to it so we could listen to the radio and turn the lights on,they did that while i built a fire. We had been standing outside for about 30 min when i saw something in the sky about 3 miles away. When i saw it the craft seemed to be comeing down and was glowing bright red as if it were hot. My friend told me that it was common to see such things in the sky about that time and that it was Nothing New to them. At that point my friends friend which to be blunt was a retard decided to pick up a spot light connected to the campers power supply and flash the thing four or five times. After he did that the craft stoped glowing and looked JUST like a star,he flashed it again a few times. At that point the craft started to move over to where we were with great speed. The first thought that came into my mind wasent a good one and what my friends friend had done was a very bad thing. Being 17 and them 12 left me in control to take some kind of action and ideas for escape or hideing started to flow into my mind. One thought was that maybe their tracking systems (Advanced of course) used heat,not the fact we had a huge fire going.As the object got closer i moved us to a tree were we hid around it as the craft approached. This was from the idea that maybe trees take in body heat and that it was rather cold outside. So here we are huddled up around a tree trying to hide from this thing. As it came right over us the dogs nearby stoped barking and the radio staion changed along with the lights blinking. What i heard on the radio scared me the most. It sounded like talking but not anything we know on our planet. The thing as i said was right over us and almost appeared to be confused(like it was looking for us). it moved around the tree about mile or so above it and we moved with it to try to stay out of its sight. I could see ! it very clearly. It was triangle shaped with 3 lights on the edges of it. it hovered over us for about 15 min before the sounds comeing in on the radio changed and sounded like ones you would hear from a Air Force dispatch. It was hard to make out as it sounded like the person talking was rushing. At that time (and this is what got my eye) the craft seemed to tilt up a little and three blue like rings went over the surface and it shot out to space at a a VERY fast speed. A few mins later jets and bigger planes littered the sky. Call me crazy but i get Feelings about things. things i read or see and i got a spine chilling one from that craft as if it were comeing to get us. when we went back in the camper the radio which was not digital (old turn knobs)staion had been changed and the knob was clear across the dial. Also things that hadent been on such as lights, a stove and a cooler which none of had been on were. I would say over all...i would rate that 10.0 on my weird ((deleted))-o-meter. ((NUFORC Note:  For corroboration sake, we will request that the witness, who describes himself as a student, have the other witnesses submit reports about their respective recollections of the event, as well.  PD));30.7782;-83.5519
Triangle object moving north.;2014-04-25 22:00:00;3 minutes;Triangle object moving north I walked out on my back porch to look at the night sky.  Looking east towards Valdosta I noticed a faint triangular object that was pretty far off.  I noticed it because the light were flashing white like a strobe. It moved slowly towards the north.  Slower than a plane or military jet.   It went behind some trees and I lost sight of it due to the lights from town being between me and the object.   I only have a smartphone camera and the object was too far away to photograph.;30.7782;-83.5519
