5 large objects observed, 4 of them flying in a rectangular motion. Perfect 90 degree banks at incredible speed!!!;1998-10-01 22:30:00;continous;5 large objects observed, 4 of them flying in a rectangular motion. Perfect 90 degree banks at incredible speed!!! During my days at college, my roomates and i decided to visit, the ((deleted)) temple in moundsville, wv. following an old dirt road through the woods leading us there, i noticed a strange hum coming from outside the car. I pulled over to a place where the dirt road ran beside a small crick. The sky was perfectly clear, and EVERY star was visible. We were at a particular opening in the woods, were you could see a good bit of the sky. At about 10:30 pm I noticed the humming was coming from the sky, and looking up, I saw 5 distinguishable crafts approx. 1,000 ft in the air, i'm not the best judger of distance when it comes to te sky. 1 hovering motionless in the center of the sky, and the other four were flying around it at astonishing speeds. The intriging part about them was, the fact that they were circling the center craft and banking immaculate 90 degree turns without slowing down. I noticed a slight visual disruption directly behind the 4 crafts, as if staring through gasoline fumes where your vision is distorted by waves of exhaust. The crafts appeared to be triangular shaped, distinguished by 3 blue lights at each point, and one larger and brighter white light in the center. They appeared to be holding their position the entire time were there, as if they were spying, or maybe waiting for something. We decided to leave because we all had class early next morning and it was an hour and a half drive back to the school. As we were leaving, headed down this old dirt road barely large enough for a single car, which also I might add, is lucky to be traveled twice a day we were forced off the road and into the grass by 3 large oncoming vehicles. The first, an undercover state police explorer - as it appeared to be, and the other two were a camoflauged military hummer, and a large transport van also in camo. The van had 2 large sattelite dishes on it and more antennaes than i could count. Go figure/?? If theres anyone else out there, that may have seen the same spectacle in the sky near moundsville around that time, please let me know your out there. I've made an interesting hypothesis about the humming coming from the sky. Have you ever hit a tuning fork or a cymbal from a drum set and placed it extremely close to your ear, and heard the low level hum that the sound waves radiate? It's almost unearthlike, and that is the EXACT sound I heard! I believe that this particular craft uses sound wave generation to either induce motion as in forward or reverse, OR, just as a means of hovering. Sound is measured in decibles, which is basically described sound pressure level. PRESSURE is the key, i believe they can force themselfs in any direction by controlled bursts of sound waves or magnetic waves. The government cannot keep a lid on this any longer, as long as everybody knows whats goin on. Then we'll all know who was directly involved in it for quite some time now and you probably hear their excuse being: We didn't want to create a widespread panic... Sure what would happen if everybody suddenly realized there IS other life in the galaxy?? People would revolt against society, taxes wouldn't be paid, people wouldn't go to work, THE GOVERNMENT WOULDN'T MAKE ANY MONEY ON YOU!!!! And more importantly They would no longer be top dogs let alone even be able to try to cover anything else up. Think about it for a while, sooner or later you'll start to realize what there up to.. Hopefully its not all too late for us when it does become apparent... Thanks for your time, and continue to live free and intelligently! ((pseudonym deleted)) ((NUFORC Note:  Date is approximate.  Report may have a political motivation, but we have no idea whether such motivation has any effect on the facts of the alleged sighting.  PD));39.9122;-80.7295
Three lights in the sky tat formed a perfect triangle;2012-08-07 22:25:00;10 minutes;three lights in the sky tat formed a perfect triangle Me and my wife were sitting on our front porch and we saw three lights on the horizion blinking green, red and blue they formed a perfect triangle came in to get my camera and all three lights were gone.  Never seen these types of lights before or any stars that could of formed a perfect triangle like these lights.   I went to a open area to investagate to see if it might have been satrs but the lights were no where to be found In the sky ((NUFORC Note:  Witness elects to remain totally anonymous provides no contact information.  PD));39.9122;-80.7295
